BOZ is a SAAB-manufactured under-wing radar-guided and heat-seeking (infrared homing) missile counter-measures pod. It can be equipped with chaff-dispensing, flares and electronic counter-measures and threat analysis capabilities. It has been fitted to the Panavia Tornado.
Components
The flares contained, to divert heat-seeking missiles, are 55mm No.4 Mk.2 Type1 flares, manufactured by the British company Chemring.
Variants
Swedish version is called BOX-9 or KB (pod type B)
German version is called BOZ-101 (for Tornado IDS and ECR)
Italian version is called BOZ-102 (for Tornado IDS and ECR) and an enhanced version, the BOZ-102EC (Enhanced Capability)
French version is called BOZ-103
British version is called BOZ-107
See also
Sky Shadow, radar countering, also carried by the Panavia Tornado
References
External links
Electronic warfare equipment
Saab
West Sister Island or Te-joma-de is a small uninhabited island in the Andaman Archipelago, at the northern side of the Duncan Passage, about 6 km southeast of Passage Island and 18 km north of North Brother.
The island is pear-shaped, about 380 m long in the NE-SW direction and 340 m wide at the base. It is mostly covered by forest, and has a rocky shore all around, except for a tiny beach at the NE tip. Its highest point is 71 m above sea level.
West Sister and the larger East Sister, located about 250 m to the northeast, comprise the group called The Sisters. They belong to the Andaman and Nicobar Islands Territory of India.
References
Islands of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Uninhabited islands of India
Jan Mydlář (1572–1664) was a 17th-century executioner from Bohemia.  They are most known for the red hood-like mask they donned when performing their executions.
Old Town Square Execution
Mydlář carried out the killings in the Old Town Square execution of 27 Bohemian Revolt leaders. These leaders were men of high importance, representing various ranks in Czech society and professions. They had organized an uprising against the Habsburg Emperor Matthias and later Ferdinand II.
On 21 June 1621, Mydlář executed the 27 revolters on behalf of the Austrian House of Habsburg. They beheaded twelve of the men and hanged the other fifteen. The Habsburgs displayed the cut-off heads of the beheaded men on the Prague Old Town Bridge Tower.
Legacy
Mydlář is the central character of a 19th-century novel by Josef Svátek based on their life, The Memoirs of a Prague Executioner. According to the novel, young Mydlář became an executioner because of a disappointment in love, just before graduating from medical school.
References
External links
The Memoirs of a Prague Executioner
1572 births
1664 deaths
17th-century Bohemian people
Czech executioners
People from Prague
Battel, or battels, sometimes spelled batells, or batels is a term used in the University of Oxford to refer to food ordered by members of the college as distinct from the usual commons. Hence it also referred to college accounts for board and provisions supplied from kitchen and buttery, and, generally, the whole of a person's college accounts. Though the distinction from commons is no longer relevant, the term persists as the name for members' termly bills at many colleges at the Universities of Oxford and Durham.
Batteler, later a resident in a college, was originally a rank of students between commoners and servitors who, as the name implies, were not supplied with "commons", but only such provisions as they ordered for themselves.
The inventory of Henry Thorlthorpe, a Vicar Choral of the church of Saint Peter in York—the Minster—who died in 1426, includes in the debts they have to pay battels of this sort. When they died in 1426 their probate inventory, in the Borthwick Institute of Historical Records at the University of York as translated by Philip Stell in Probate Inventories of the York Diocese (AY2/3, ), says "for batells that Henry owes to the community of parsons 2 pence".
References
Terminology of the University of Oxford
Hilde Körber (3 July 1906 – 31 May 1969) was an Austrian film actor who worked largely in the German Film Industry. They appeared in 53 films between 1930 and 1964. They were born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary and died in West Berlin, West Germany.
They were the second wife of actor and director Veit Harlan, with whom they had three children including Thomas Harlan.
Selected filmography
Chasing Fortune (1930)
Maria the Maid (1936)
My Son the Minister (1937)
Diamonds (1937)
The Marriage Swindler (1938)
Robert Koch (1939)
Passion (1940)
The Fox of Glenarvon (1940)
The Great King (1942)
Back Then (1943)
Via Mala (1945)
Morituri (1948)
How Do We Tell Our Children? (1949)
The Staircase (1950)
When the Evening Bells Ring (1951)
Desires (1952)
Roses Bloom on the Moorland (1952)
Life Begins at Seventeen (1953)
Ave Maria (1953)
Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben (1954)
The Confession of Ina Kahr (1954)
Captain Wronski (1954)
Island of the Dead (1955)
Devil in Silk (1956)
My Father, the Actor (1956)
I'll Carry You in My Arms (1958)
The Girl from the Marsh Croft (1958)
References
External links
1906 births
1969 deaths
Actresses from Vienna
20th-century Austrian actores
Austrian film actores
Hacène Zermani (born 1958 in Algiers, Algeria), known by the stage name Takfarinas, is an Algerian Kabyle Yal musician. Takfarinas took their surname from the ancient warrior of North Africa Tacfarinas who fought against the presence of the Romans in Algeria. Since 1979 Takfarinas has lived in France. However, their songs promote and celebrate the Kabyle culture into which they were born. Takfarinas is perhaps best known for their voice which covers a wide range and the 'takfa' which is based on a traditional lute like instrument which they have modified by adding a second neck. Each neck provides a distinct sound, one neck is feminine and the other masculine. Nowadays the takfa has been replaced by an electric half-drum mandole. Like the takfa this has two fingerboards. The advantage of this new instrument is that it is able to create the large concert sound which they now need.
Musical career
Takfarinas – or Tak as their fans often call them – comes from a long line of musicians and showed their future innovative skills with musical instruments when aged only six years old they made a guitar using an oil cylinder and brake cable. As a youngster, Takfarinas was interested in the music of artists like Chaâbi, M'Hamed El Anka, Cheikh El Hasnaoui and Slimane Azem.
In 1976, they recorded their first music on cassettes in Algiers, but their position as a singer and musician was strengthened when they recorded their first album in France in 1979. In 1981, they formed the group Agraw with Boujema Semaouni that lasted for many years. They released Wa i telha and Arrach both in 1986, selling a million copies. In 1989, they released Irgazen and Mi d ih, a double CD, and this brought them international recognition. In 1994, they released another album Yebb'a rremman which did well in the European charts.
But it is with their album Zaâma Zaâma and the title song from the album that they achieved their biggest recognition. It remains a world music favorite in clubs and in touristic resorts where the dance tune is popular with accompanying synchronized dance moves.
Takfarinas changed musical direction with their album Paix et salut which was in homage to the Algerian artists who were victims of the repression. Then in 2004, they released their latest album Honneur aux dames.
Discography
Albums
1979: Yewwa rremman
1980: Admenten
1983: Serreh i weqcic
1986: Way telha
1986: Arrach
1989: Irgazen / Ini-d ih (double album)
1993: Romane
1996: Tebbeg Riri / Awi Nniya
1999: Zaâma Zaâma
2000: Quartier Tixeraïne
2004: Paix et salut
2004: Honneur aux dames
2011: Lwaldine / Inchallah (double album)
2012: Chouya CHouya
2021: Uliw Tsayri
Awards
In 1999 Takfarinas won a KORA All African Music Award in the category Best North African Artist.
External links
Takfarinas Official website
Takfarinas Concert – Yal Music
Takfarinas Biography
Takfarinas on Wiki Musique – Author Mario Scolas
Takfarinas on Wiki Musique – Author Mario Scolas
1958 births
Living people
Kabyle people
Berber musicians
Algerian mondol players
20th-century Algerian male singers
21st-century Algerian male singers
Wilhelm Mink (29 April 1912 – 12 March 1945) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career
Born in Köln, Wilhelm Mink joined 5 Staffel, Jagdgeschwader 51 (JG 51) in early 1940, and participated in the French campaign of May and June 1940.
During the Battle of Britain Mink claimed no victories but was shot down by Royal Air Force (RAF) fighters over the English Channel, and was rescued by German air sea rescue (Seenotdienst). Their first victory, a Blenheim, was confirmed on 29 April 1941, followed by a Hurricane on 21 May 1941.
In June 1941, JG 51 was transferred to the east for the invasion of the USSR. Mink significantly increased their tally, totalling 31 confirmed victories by the end of 1941.
On 19 March 1942, with 40 victories, Oberfeldwebel Mink was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. They reached their 50th claim in July 1942. In September 1942 Mink was transferred to the Ergänzungsgruppe Ost as an instructor.
Injured in a bombing raid, Mink returned to action in November 1943, with Ergänzungsgruppe Staffel Süd fighting in Italy. After a few victories on this front, they were wounded in combat with a B-26 Marauder near Rome on 3 February 1944, baling out of their Bf 109 G-6.
Mink remained with Erg. Gr. Süd during early 1944, and transferred to Erg. Gr. Nord in September 1944. This unit was later redesignated I./EJG 1 (Ergänzungsjagdgeschwader 1).
On 12 March 1945, Mink was killed in action when their Bf 109 G-14 was shot down by Allied fighters near Hadersleben, Denmark.
During their career they were credited with 72 aerial victories, 8 on the Western Front and 64 on the Eastern Front.
Minks headless body and remains of their fighter was discovered near Haderslev in 1985 during expansion of the highway through southern Denmark. It's suspected that the head was removed by the Germans and buried near Flensburg with military honours. The headless remains was buried at Assistent kirkegården Haderslev, Denmark, in a dedicated area for fallen German soldiers.
Summary of career
Aerial victory claims
According to US historian David T. Zabecki, Mink was credited with 72 aerial victories.
Awards
Flugzeugführerabzeichen
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd and 1st Class
Honour Goblet of the Luftwaffe (30 September 1941)
Wound Badge (1939)
in Black or Silver
German Cross in Gold on 4 February 1942 as Feldwebel in the 5./Jagdgeschwader 51
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 19 March 1942 as Oberfeldwebel and pilot in the 5./Jagdgeschwader 51 "Mölders"
References
Citations
Bibliography
1912 births
1945 deaths
Aviators killed by being shot down
German military personnel killed in World War II
German World War II flying aces
Military personnel from Cologne
People from the Rhine Province
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Emma Boyce (1867–1929) was a Hackney suffragette and anti-war activist.
Emma had been involved from 1907 in the Social Democratic Foundation (SDF) as a speaker and activist in the women's circles. They were appointed as organiser of the Women's Education Committee but resigned in 1910, although they continued their activism in the British Socialist Party.
At the age of almost 50, they became a tireless organiser for the East London Federation of Suffragettes, working closely with Sylvia Pankhurst. At the outset of World War 1, they traveled the country in their ELFS role, concentrating on Glasgow and Newcastle, but also speaking several times a week all over the country. They spoke for the suffrage movement but also against the war's conscription, advocating for freedom of choice for the working classes.
After the war, Emma was elected as a Hackney Labour Councillor from 1918 until 1923. From then until their death, they served as a life governor of the London Maternity Hospital.
References
1867 births
1929 deaths
English suffragettes
Councillors in the London Borough of Hackney
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Social Democratic Federation members
English socialist feminists
Women councillors in England
Joan of Portugal ( [ʒuˈɐnɐ]; 31 March 1439 – June 13, 1475) was the Queen of Castile as the second wife of King Henry IV of Castile. The posthumous daughter of King Edward of Portugal and Eleanor of Aragon, they were born in the Quinta do Monte Olivete Villa, Almada.
Queen of Castile
On 21 May 1455 in Córdoba, they married as their second wife King Henry IV of Castile who had repudiated their first consort, Blanche II of Navarre, after thirteen years of marriage. It was rumoured that their marriage had never been consummated due to the king's impotence. Henry and Joan shared the same maternal grandparents; Ferdinand I of Aragon and Eleanor of Alburquerque (making them first cousins). They also shared the same paternal great-grandfather; John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster (making them second cousins). In February 1462, six years after Joan's marriage to Henry, they gave birth to a daughter, also named Joan, called La Beltraneja because of rumours that they were in fact the daughter of Don Beltrán de la Cueva, 1st Duke of Alburquerque, who was suspected of being Joan's lover.
Henry banished Joan from the royal court and they went to live in Coca at the castle of Henry's supporter, Bishop Fonseca. They soon fell in love with Bishop Fonseca's nephew; they embarked on a sexual affair, which resulted in Joan bearing their lover two illegitimate sons. Henry subsequently declared their marriage had never been legal and thus divorced them in 1468.
At the death of their former husband in 1474, Joan championed their daughter's right to succeed to the throne, but they died shortly thereafter. This led to the outbreak of the War of the Castilian Succession (1475–1479).
Scandals and illegitimate children
Prior to their banishment, Joan had provoked much criticism in the Castilian court as they allegedly wore dresses that displayed too much décolletage, and their philandering with men was considered scandalous. They were considered haughty, unscrupulous, ambitious and ruthless, participating in intrigues and completely controlling their husband. Joan has been credited with many lovers, including the poet Juan Rodríguez de la Cámara.
Joan had two illegitimate children by Pedro de Castilla y Fonseca "el mozo", nephew of Bishop Fonseca, and a great grandson of King Pedro of Castille.
Them two sons were Pedro de Castilla y Portugal and Andres Apostol de Castilla y Portugal. The birth of their two illegitimate children only added to Joan's considerable notoriety.
They later entered the convent of San Francisco in Segovia.
Joan died in Madrid on June 13, 1475 at the age of 36. They were buried in the Convent of San Francisco.
Ancestry
References
1439 births
1475 deaths
House of Aviz
House of Trastámara
Castilian queen consorts
Leonese queen consorts
Galician queens consort
Repudiated queens
Portuguese infantas
People from Almada
15th-century Portuguese people
15th-century Spanish women
Francisco de la Serna, O.E.S.A. (1568 – April 1647) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of La Paz (1645–1647), Bishop of Popayán (1638–1645), and Bishop of Paraguay (1635–1638).
Biography
Francisco de la Serna was born in Huanuco, Peru in 1568 and ordained a priest in the Order of Hermits of Saint Augustine on 9 June 1596.
On 17 December 1635, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Paraguay.
On 15 November 1637, they were consecrated bishop by Hernando de Arias y Ugarte, Archbishop of Lima, assisted by Father Pedro de Ortega y Sotomayor.
On 14 June 1638, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Popayán.
On 19 January 1645, they were selected by the King of Spain and confirmed by Pope Innocent X on 21 August 1645 as Bishop of La Paz.
They died in April 1647.
While bishop, they were the principal consecrator of Gaspar de Villarroel, Bishop of Santiago de Chile (1638); and the principal co-consecrator of Bartolomé de Benavente y Benavides, Bishop of Antequera, Oaxaca (1640).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bolivia
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent X
Augustinian bishops
People from Huánuco
1568 births
1647 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Paraguay
Roman Catholic bishops of Popayán
Roman Catholic bishops of La Paz
Gastrotypographicalassemblage (compound word: Gastro | typographical | assemblage) is a work of art designed by Lou Dorfsman to decorate the cafeteria in Eero Saarinen's CBS Building on 52nd Street and Sixth Avenue, New York City, New York.
As the senior vice president and creative director for marketing communications and design for CBS, Dorfsman was responsible for all aspects of the building's graphics, designating the type, design, and spacing for wall clocks, elevator buttons, and elevator inspection stickers. They designed what they called Gastrotypographicalassemblage for the building's cafeteria, using varied typefaces to list all of the foods offered to patrons in hand-milled wood type. The completed work was based on ideas conceived in the mid-1960s. The project was ultimately completed in 1966 with assistance from graphic designer Herb Lubalin, and Tom Carnase, who crafted the typography from Dorfsman's original design. Dorfsman considered this work to be "his magnum opus, their gift to the world".
Gastrotypographicalassemblage was discarded in the early 1990s by CBS, but the work's nine panels were retrieved by designer Nick Fasciano. It was in an advanced state of disrepair, aggravated by improper storage. The piece was acquired by the Atlanta-based Center for Design Study in the mid-2000s, which developed a program to raise the funds needed to support the restoration of the work of art. Funding goals to begin the restoration fell short, and efforts to restore the work did not begin at that time.
Following the death of Lou Dorfsman in 2008, it was announced that the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, New York, would serve as the new home for Gastrotypographicalassemblage. The college worked with Nick Fasciano to fund the restoration, and the work was put on public display for the first time starting in March 2014, when it was showcased in the Institute's new Marriott Pavilion and Conference Center in its Hyde Park campus, where it remains to this day.
See also
References
American art
Typography
1966 paintings
Cultural history of New York City
CBS Television Network
The Culinary Institute of America
Amolita irrorata is a species of moth in the family Erebidae first described by George Hampson in 1910. The species is found in South America, including Paraguay and Brazil. Its wingspan is .
Description
Head and thorax pale ochreous mixed with brown; palpi slightly tinged with rufous; pectus and legs suffused with brown; abdomen ochreous dorsally suffused with brown, ventrally irrorated (sprinkled) with brown. Forewing pale ochreous slightly tinged with reddish brown and thickly irrorated with black; a black point in middle of cell and another on discocellulars; a diffused oblique black-brown fascia from apex to inner margin before middle and another narrower fascia from termen below apex to inner margin beyond middle; a terminal series of black points; cilia with diffused blackish line through them. Hindwing ochreous white; a terminal series of black points from apex to vein 2; cilia with a faint brown line through them except towards tornus. Underside of forewing suffused with brown; hindwing with the costal area irrorated with brown, a black discoidal point.
References
External links
Noctuídeos (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) coletados em quatro Áreas Estaduais de Conservação do Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil
Omopterini
Moths of South America
Kuwait competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The Kuwait Paralympic team competed under its own national flag, despite the Olympic team being suspended by the IOC.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Athletics
Men's Track
Men's Field
Shooting
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek, Croatia, where Rio direct qualification was available. They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Atef Aldousari in the R4 – 10m Air Rifle Standing Mixed SH2 event.
See also
Independent Olympic Athletes at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Kuwaiti sport
Louis Effrat was a sports writer for The New York Times. They were born on February 21, 1910, in Manhattan and died on September 1, 1988. They were employed by The New York Times from 1927 to 1976.
Mr. Effrat covered the first televised sport event, a Columbia–Princeton baseball game, the second game of a doubleheader, played at Baker Field at Columbia University on May 17, 1939.
Lou Effrat was known as "The Guy With the Twist". They covered all major sports. In addition to being the swing man between the Dodgers, Giants and Yankees, they spent years as the beat writer covering first the Yankees and then the Giants.
In addition to their baseball writing they covered the Knicks and the football Giants.
In their later years they were the Harness Writer for the Times covering a number of Hambletonian Stakes. They were a member of the United States Harness Writers Association and voted into the Harness Racing Museum & Hall of Fame in 1985.
They retired to Florida with their wife, Alice, who died on May 19, 1997.
References
Sportswriters from New York (state)
The New York Times writers
1910 births
1988 deaths
People from Manhattan
20th-century American writers
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
A photoinjector is a type of source for intense electron beams which relies on the photoelectric effect. A laser pulse incident onto the cathode of a photoinjector drives electrons out of it, and into the accelerating field of the electron gun. In comparison with the widespread thermionic electron gun, photoinjectors produce electron beams of higher brightness, which means more particles packed into smaller volume of phase space (beam emittance). Photoinjectors serve as the main electron source for single-pass synchrotron light sources, such as free-electron lasers and for ultrafast electron diffraction setups. The first RF photoinjector was developed in 1985 at Los Alamos National Laboratory and used as the source for a free-electron-laser experiment. High-brightness electron beams produced by photoinjectors are used directly or indirectly to probe the molecular, atomic and nuclear structure of matter for fundamental research, as well as material characterization.
A photoinjector comprises a photocathode, electron gun (AC or DC), power supplies, driving laser system, timing and synchronization system, emittance compensation magnets. It can include vacuum system and cathode fabrication or transport system. It is usually followed by beam diagnostics and higher-energy accelerators.
The key component of a photoinjector is a photocathode, which is located inside the cavity of electron gun (usually, a 0.6-fractional cell for optimal distribution of accelerating field). Extracted electron beam suffers from its own space-charge fields that deteriorate the beam brightness. For that reason, photoelectron guns often have one or more full-size booster cells to increase the beam energy and reduce the space-charge effect. The gun's accelerating field is RF (radio-frequency) wave provided by a klystron or other RF power source. For low-energy beams, such as ones used in electron diffraction and microscopy, electrostatic acceleration (DC) is a suitable.
The photoemission on the cathode is initiated by an incident pulse from the driving laser. Depending on the material of the photocathode, the laser wavelength can vary from 1700 nm (infrared) down to 100-200 nm (ultraviolet). Emission from the cavity wall is possible with laser wavelength of about 250 nm for copper walls or cathodes. Semiconductor cathodes are often sensitive to ambient conditions and might require a clean preparation chamber located behind the photoelectron gun. The optical system of the driving laser is often designed to control the pulse structure, and consequently, the distribution of electrons in the extracted bunch. For example, a fs-scale laser pulse with an elliptical transverse profile creates a thin "pancake" electron bunch, that evolves into a uniformly filled ellipsoid under its own space-charge fields. A more sophisticated laser pulse with a comb-like longitudinal profile generates a similarly shaped, comb electron beam.
Notes
Particle accelerators
Accelerator physics
Applications of photovoltaics
Union Township is a township in Benton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Union Township was formed on June 2, 1840, named because it united parts of three previous townships.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County, Missouri
The Harvard Club of New York City, commonly called The Harvard Club, is a private social club located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Its membership is limited to alumni, faculty, and boardmembers of Harvard University.
Incorporated in 1887, it is housed in adjoining lots at 27 West 44th Street and 35 West 44th Street. The original wing, built in 1894, was designed in red brick neo-Georgian style by Charles Follen McKim of McKim, Mead & White.
Clubhouse history
Founded without a location in 1865 by a group of Harvard University alumni, the club rented a townhouse for use as a clubhouse in 1887 on 22nd Street. In 1888, the club acquired land on 44th Street intending to build a new clubhouse there. Many other clubs later located on what came to be called Clubhouse Row: the Penn Club of New York, (in 1901); the Cornell Club of New York (in 1989); the New York Yacht Club (in 1899); the Yale Club of New York City (in 1915); and the Princeton Club of New York (in 1963).
The Harvard Club selected architect Charles Follen McKim, of McKim, Mead & White, for the project. The design was Georgian style of architecture with Harvard brick and Indiana limestone. The building's 1894 façade is reminiscent of McKim, Mead and White's 1901 gates at Harvard Yard. In 1905, Harvard Hall, the Grill Room, a new library, a billiard room, and two floors of guest rooms were added.
In 1915, McKim, Mead & White doubled the building's size by constructing the Main Dining Room, a bar, additional guestrooms, banquet rooms, and athletic facilities including a 7th floor swimming pool.
In 2003, the architects Davis Brody Bond, under the direction of J. Max Bond, Jr., added a 40,000-square-foot annex on West 44th Street, with a facade clad in limestone and fenestrated with large glass windows.
Admission of women
In the spring of 1970, four Harvard Business School students — Ellen Marram, Katie Metzger, Roslyn Braeman Payne, and Lynn Salvage — were turned away from membership interviews at the Harvard Club of New York, because the Club admitted only men. That fall, Marram and Salvage wrote to Morgan Wheelock, the president of the Harvard Club of New York, to request that women be granted equal membership privileges. Wheelock rejected the request. In January 1971, Marram and Salvage began a letter-writing campaign to the new president, Albert H. Gordon. A group of Harvard alumni seeking club membership met with Gordon in the fall of 1971, but Gordon initially denied the delegation's request to bring women's membership to a vote.
A Harvard Law School alumna, Marguerite "Mitzi" Filson, suggested the group take legal action against the Harvard Club. Marram, Salvage, Metzler, Payne, and Filson, represented pro bono by Jed S. Rakoff, then prepared a gender discrimination claim to file with the New York Commission on Human Rights. In response, Gordon agreed to put the matter to a vote. Shortly before the vote, several Harvard alumnae — including attorney and activist Brenda Feigen, cofounder of the ACLU Women's Rights Project — sued the Harvard Club in federal court seeking revocation of the Club's liquor license on sex discrimination grounds. Nevertheless, on May 4, 1972, the Club voted to deny full membership rights to women. A majority of members (1,654 to 854) supported membership for women, but the vote fell 18 votes short of the required two-thirds.
Marram, Salvage, Metzler, Payne, and Filson then filed their complaint with the New York Commission on Human Rights. In addition, Commission chairperson Eleanor Holmes Norton issued a two-page letter condemning the Harvard Club's exclusion of women. After the parties came before a New York Human Rights administrative judge, the Harvard Club's Board of Managers called another vote. On January 11, 1973, the club voted 2,097 to 695 to admit female members.
Membership
To be eligible for election to membership, a candidate must hold a degree or honorary degree from Harvard, be a tenured faculty member at the University, or serve as an officer, or member of any Board or Committee of the University. Dues levied are on a sliding scale, based on age and proximity to the Club. Like most private clubs, members of the Harvard Club are given reciprocal benefits at clubs around the United States and the world.
The building is sometimes used for outside corporate events such as business conferences.
Notable members
Richard Edelman
John F. Kennedy, Class of 1940
Reginald Lewis, Law, class of 1968, first African American to build a billion-dollar company
John Jay McKelvey, Sr., Founder of Harvard Law Review
Franklin D. Roosevelt, Class of 1903
Theodore Roosevelt, Class of 1881
James Toback, Class of 1966
Michael Bloomberg, Harvard Business School Class of 1966, Mayor of New York City
Frederick M. Warburg, Class of 1919
Philanthropy
The HCNY Foundation has a scholarship fund that helps support 20 undergraduates at Harvard College and several students in graduate programs, as well as international student exchange programs.
Gallery
References
Further reading
H. Horatio Joyce, "New York's Harvard House and the Origins of an Alumni Culture in America," in Gillin, Edward, and H. Horatio Joyce, eds. Experiencing Architecture in the Nineteenth Century: Buildings and Society in the Modern Age. London: Bloomsbury Publishing, 2018.
External links
Harvard Club of New York at hcny.com (official website)
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Manhattan
Culture of Manhattan
Harvard University
New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan
McKim, Mead & White buildings
Organizations established in 1887
Gentlemen's clubs in New York City
Clubs and societies in New York City
Midtown Manhattan
Minahasa Regency is a regency in North Sulawesi, Indonesia. Its capital is Tondano. It covers an area of 1,141.64 km2 and had a population of 310,384 at the 2010 Census; this rose to 347,290 at the 2020 Census.
Several cities and regencies representing areas that were initially part of the Minahasa Regency have since been removed from this regency and established as the cities of Bitung (1975, initially as an administrative city) and Tomohon (2003), and the regencies of South Minahasa (2003), North Minahasa (2003), and Southeast Minahasa (2007, through the South Minahasa Regency).
History
In 1983, Minahasa Regency government declared 5 November 1428 as the anniversary of the regency. This date is purely symbolic, because the day and month were taken from the day and month of Sam Ratulangi's birth date, Ratulangi being one of the most prominent historical figures from Minahasa. The year 1428 symbolizes the estimated year of the meeting of the Minahasan tribes who came together in their resistance to the neighboring Bolaang Mongondow Kingdom. Because it is only an approximation, the numbers of the year 1428 were taken from two important events, which are Peristiwa Merah Putih (or the Red and White Incident) that occurred in Manado on 14 February 1946, and the Second Youth Congress which produced the Youth Pledge that was held in 1928. The number 14 comes from the day the Red and White Incident occurred, while the number 28 is taken from the year when the Second Youth Congress was held.
The Minahasa region itself was designated as an administrative region as a kabupaten (or regency) in 1965 based on Indonesian Law No. 18/1965. In this law, the administrative regions of the Province of North Sulawesi that were formerly called Daerah Tingkat II (or Level II Region) were now called Kabupaten. Hence, Daerah Tingkat II Minahasa became Kabupaten Minahasa. The existence of the region that includes the current Minahasa Regency as an administrative region can be seen long before the issuance of the 1965 law and before the formation of the Republic of Indonesia.
Agreement with VOC
In addition to banding together to fight pressure from outside in the 15th century, the tribes in Minahasa also came together in the 17th century to do a similar thing. Several Minahasa tribes joined in a friendship agreement with the Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie (VOC or the Dutch East Indies Company). The intention was the same, that is to combat attacks from the Bolaang area. This agreement became official on 10 January 1679 during the visit of Robertus Padtbrugge who was the VOC governor based in Maluku at that time. There are 23 chiefs of political and social communities called walak who participated in the agreement. The chiefs came from Aris, Bantik, Kakaskasen, Klabat, Klabat, Klabat Atas, Langowan, Pasan (who also represented Pinosokan and Ratahan), Remboken, Rumoong, Sarongsong, Tombariri, Tombasian, Tomohon, Tompaso, Tondano, Tonkimbut Atas, Tonkimbut, Tonkimbut Below, Tonsawang, and Tonsea.
Dutch occupation
The area encompassing the current Minahasa Regency has been designated as an official administrative region since the Dutch occupation after the VOC was dissolved when Indonesia was called the Dutch East Indies. At the time, the Residentie Manado (or Residency of Manado) covered all regencies and cities in entire region of Minahasa today, namely the regencies of Minahasa, North Minahasa, South Minahasa, Southeast Minahasa, and the cities of Bitung, Manado, and Tomohon. In 1856, the walak communities in Minahasa were organized into 26 districts. At the end of the 19th century, the number of districts fell to 18, namely Bantik, Kakaskasen, Kakas-Remboken, Kawangkoan, Langowan, Manado, Maumbi, Pasan Ratahan-Pinosakan, Rumoong, Sonder, Tombariri, Tombasian, Tomohon-Sarongsong, Tompaso, Tondano-Touliang, Tondano-Toulimambot, Tonsawang, and Tonsea. Then in 1908, the number dropped to 16, where the Kakaskasen District was abolished and the Rumoong and Tombasian districts were combined. The number of districts were cut down to seven in 1920 with the remaining districts being Amurang, Kawangkoan, Manado, Ratahan, Tomohon, Tonsea, and Toulour. In 1927, Manado and Tomohon were combined so that only six districts remained: Amurang, Kawangkoan, Manado, Ratahan, Tonsea, and Toulour. Arrangements of these districts lasted until the arrival and occupation of Japan. Under these six districts, an administrative region called the onderdistrict (or subdistrict) was designated. There were 16 subdistricts at that time named Airmadidi, Amurang, Eris, Kakas, Kauditan, Kawangkoan, Langowan, South Manado, North Manado, Ratahan, Tatelu, Tenga, Tombariri, Tombatu, Tomohon, Tompaso, Tondano, and Tumpaan.
For administrative region above the district level, the Minahasa region in the Manado Residency was part of the Manado Afdeeling, which was formed in 1911. This administrative region was further divided into three areas: Amurang, Manado, and Tondano. Before the formation of the Manado Afdeeling, there were five onderafdeeling covering the area of Minahasa, namely Amurang, Belang, Kema, Manado and Tondano. In 1926, these onderafdeeling were abolished.
Japanese occupation
During the years of the Japanese occupation, the organization of administrative regions did not change much. In 1942, the number of districts increased by one where the Toulour District was divided into the districts of Langowan and Tondano. In the same year, the Manado District was divided into the districts of Manado and Tomohon. In 1943, the separation of the city of Manado from the other areas of Minahasa can be seen happening for the first time where the Minahasa region sans Manado were united and given the name Minahasa-ken.
Republic of Indonesia
After Indonesian independence, the Minahasa region was included in the Province of Sulawesi and the residency based in Manado. Then for a short time, the region was included in the territory of the State of East Indonesia as one of its 13 administrative regions. In 1953, Manado was designated as a municipality with the status of second level region (or Daerah Tingkat II) with the province designated as the first level region. Manado again became separated from the other Minahasa areas. Due to this separation, the capital of the Minahasa region was later changed from Manado to Tondano in 1959.
In 1960, the Province of Sulawesi was divided into the provinces of North Sulawesi and South Sulawesi based on Indonesian Regulation No. 5/1960. The names of these two provinces were changed according to Indonesian Law No. 47/1960, where the Province of North Sulawesi became the Province of North-Central Sulawesi. The region of Minahasa as a second level region was included in this province. Then in 1964, the Province of North-Central Sulawesi was further divided into the provinces of North Sulawesi and Central Sulawesi based on Indonesian Law No. 13/1964. Minahasa as a second level region was included in the province of North Sulawesi. The use of the name of the kabupaten was given based on Indonesian Law No. 18/1965, in which the Daerah Tingkat II Minahasa became Kabupaten Minahasa. Then based on Indonesian Law No. 5/1974, the name was changed again to Daerah Tingkat II Kabupaten Minahasa. The list of districts under the regency at that time were Airmadidi, Belang, Bitung, Dimembe, Eris, Kakas, Kauditan, Kawangkoan, Kombi, Likupang, Modoinding, Motoling, Pineleng, Ratahan, Remboken, Sonder, Tareran, Tenga, Tombariri, Tombasian, Tombatu, Tomohon, Tompaso, Tompaso Baru, Tondano, Tumpaan, and Wori.
In the following years, the regency underwent several changes with the formation of new administrative regions from within the territory of the regency itself. Based on Indonesian Regulation No. 4/1975, the Bitung Administrative Municipality was inaugurated as a separate administrative region from the Minahasa Regency. On 25 February 2003, the Minahasa Regency was divided into the Minahasa Regency, the South Minahasa Regency, and the Municipality of Tomohon based on Indonesian Law No. 10/2003. Then on 18 December 2003, the residual Minahasa Regency was further divided into the Minahasa Regency and the North Minahasa Regency based on Indonesian Law No. 33/2005.
Administrative Districts
The regency is divided into twenty-five districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and population totals from the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. It includes the six new districts of Kakas Barat, Kawangkoan Barat, Kawangkoan Utara, Mandolang, Tombariri Timur, and Tompaso Barat, which were established after 2010. The table also includes the location of the administrative centre and the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and its postal codes.
Notes: (a) the 2010 population of the new Tompaso Barat District is included in the 2010 figure for Tompaso District, from which it was split off in 2012. (b) the 2010 populations of the new Kawangkoan Utara and Kawangkoan Barat Districts are included in the 2010 figure for Kawangkoan District, from which they were later split off. (c) the 2010 population of the new Tombariri Timur District is included in the 2010 figure for Tombariri District, from which it was split off in 2012. (d) the 2010 population of the new Mandolang District is included in the 2010 figure for Pineleng District, from which it was split off in 2012. (e) except the village of Tonsea Lama, which has a post code of 95610. (f) the 2010 population of the new Kakas Barat District is included in the 2010 figure for Kakas District, from which it was split off later in 2010.
See also
Battle of Manado
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
Bertram Wesley Manhin (born 6 July 1934) is a Trinidad and Tobago former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Trinidad and Tobago
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Arima
Shooters at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Trinidad and Tobago
The Women's synchronized 10 metre platform competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 30 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 30 June at 09:00.
The final was started on 30 June at 17:00.
References
Women's synchronized 10 metre platforms
Richard Lee Tylski (born February 27, 1971) is a former professional American football player. Tylski, an offensive lineman, played seven seasons in the National Football League, mainly for the Jacksonville Jaguars. They played college football for Utah State University.
In May 2008, Tylski was placed in a pretrial intervention program after they admitted in court to abusing their adopted daughter. Their wife Jane pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated child abuse and was given two years probation.
On February 24, 2010, Tylski and their wife were ordered by a judge to pay 1.25 million dollars to their former adopted daughter.
References
1971 births
Living people
Players of American football from San Diego
American football offensive linemen
Utah State Aggies football players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Carolina Panthers players
Desisa luzonica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Thailand, Borneo and the Philippines.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
The Dalin Refinery () is an oil refinery in Xiaogang District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
History
The refinery became operationally independent from Kaohsiung Refinery in 1996. In 2009, a gasoline pyrolysis and hydro-desulfurization unit was constructed at the refinery with a capacity of 20,000 barrels per day. In 2010, a diesel hydro-desulfurization unit was constructed with a capacity of 40,000 barrels per day. In 2011, an 18,000 barrels per day gasoline pyrolysis and quality improvement unit was moved from Kaohsiung Refinery to the Dalin plant. In 2013, the residual fluid catalytic cracking unit which was constructed in 2006 began its testing and production. Also in the same year, an alkylation unit with a capacity of 14,000 barrels per day was established at the plant.
Architecture
The refinery spans over an area of 500 hectares.
Accidents and incidents
10 March 2018, an explosion hit the plant causing part of its production being suspended.
See also
List of oil refineries
Mining in Taiwan
References
1996 establishments in Taiwan
Energy infrastructure completed in 1996
Oil refineries in Taiwan
The scarlet-banded barbet (Capito wallacei) is a species of bird in the New World barbet family, Capitonidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The scarlet-belted barbet was discovered in 1996 and formally described in 2000. According to the International Ornithological Committee (IOC), the species is monotypic. However, the South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (AOS) and the Clements taxonomy include the "Sira barbet" (Capito fitzpatricki) as a subspecies of it. The Cornell Lab of Ornithology's Birds of the World acknowledges that the "Sira" form is significantly different from the nominate and suggests that it be accorded species rank.
Description
The scarlet-banded barbet is long and weighs . A strikingly colored species, its cap and nape are scarlet, while a broad white supercilium separates the crown from the black ear coverts. Most of the upperparts are black except for a yellow mid-back and large white rump patch. Below, the throat and upper breast are white, bordered below by a broad scarlet band, while the rest of the underparts are shades of yellow.
Distribution and habitat
The scarlet-banded barbet has been found only on a ridgetop known as Peak 1538 in the remote Cordillera Azul National Park in south-western Loreto, Peru. (It was mistakenly listed as being in Ucayali, Peru, in its formal description.) There it inhabits humid, mossy, sub-montane and montane forest at elevations between .
Behavior
Feeding
The scarlet-banded barbet forages in the forest canopy. It was observed in small groups of the same species and in mixed-species foraging flocks. It feeds on fruits and seeds and probably takes insects as well.
Breeding
The scarlet-banded barbet specimens collected during the 1996 expedition indicate that the nesting season is probably March through May. No other information about its breeding habits has been published.
Vocalization
The scarlet-banded barbet's song is " a fast, low-pitched trill...'tdddddd-'" that sounds like a woodpecker's drumming. Its call is a "guttural 'ggrrrakk'" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the scarlet-banded barbet as Vulnerable. While it appears to be fairly common, its range is tiny and the total population has been estimated at fewer than 1000 individuals.
References
Additional reading
External links
Recently described new species for the family New World Barbets and Allies at Ornitaxa.com
scarlet-banded barbet
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
scarlet-banded barbet
scarlet-banded barbet
scarlet-banded barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pretty Ugly is the fourth studio album by the American punk rock band Lunachicks. It was released by Go-Kart Records in 1997.
Critical reception
Ox-Fanzine called Pretty Ugly "a halfway respectable stupid rock album."
Track listing
References
External links
Lunachicks on Myspace
1997 albums
Lunachicks albums
Go-Kart Records albums
Vincenzo Onorato (born 15 May 1957) is an Italian ship-owner and the head of the Mascalzone Latino Sailing Team which is in the Farr 40 circuit.
Sailing
Oronato competed in the Melges 32, Mumm 36, Farr 30, Farr 40 and X-41 World Championships as helmsman.
Vincenzo was also actively involved as figurehead of Mascalzone Latino America's Cup campaign at the 2003 and 2007 Louis Vuitton Cups.
Business
In 2015, Vincenzo Onorato acquired 100% of the Naples-based ferry company Tirrenia – Compagnia italiana di navigazione, which became a part of the Onorato Armatori group. Vincenzo Onorato also owns the ferry company Moby Lines and Toremar. Their ferry group is the world's leader in beds capacity, and the European leader in passengers capacity (47 ships, 41,000 departures). They claim their company hires only Italian seafarers, and lobbies against competitors using non-EU labor to drive prices down. They argue that hiring an Italian-only staff costs their group 25 to 30 million euros more every year. In May 2019, they announced the acquisition of the cargo ship Maria Grazia Onorato with a message on the side that says "Honored for Italian seafarers" (pun, Onorato per i marittimi italiani)
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Italian male sailors (sport)
2007 America's Cup sailors
2003 America's Cup sailors
Farr 30 class world champions
Farr 40 class world champions
World champions in sailing for Italy
Hope of the Broken World is the name of Selah's eighth studio album. The album was released August 23, 2011 by Curb.
Critical reception
James Christopher Monger of AllMusic writes, "Dove award-winning, contemporary gospel trio Selah have made a career out of mining the past and fusing it with the present, crafting new hymns that honor the classics, and bringing old hymns out of the shadows and into the light."
Timothy Yap reviews the album for Hallels and concludes, "Hope of the Broken World resembles a beautiful tapestry weaving together threads of different influences. But more importantly, these songs weave for us a picture of what it means to relate to God and how we are to love others."
In their review of the song, "Coat of Many Colors" for CCM Magazine Caroline Lusk remarks of the album, "The latest album from Selah is like a breath of fresh air. Not only for the listener…but for the group themselves."
Track listing
Track information and credits verified from the album's liner notes.
Charts
References
External links
Selah Official Site
Curb Records Official Site
2011 albums
Curb Records albums
Word Records albums
Selah (band) albums
Mohamed Nour Arrale () is a Somali politician. They previously served as the Minister of Interior of Somaliland from 2010 until 2013.
See also
Ministry of Interior (Somaliland)
Politics of Somaliland
Cabinet of Somaliland
References
Living people
Interior Ministers of Somaliland
Somaliland politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Husni al-Za'im ( Ḥusnī az-Za'īm; 11 May 1897 – 14 August 1949) was a Syrian military officer and politician of Kurdish origin. Husni al-Za'im, had been an officer in the Ottoman Army. After France instituted its colonial mandate over Syria after the First World War, they became an officer in the French Army. After Syria's independence in 1946 they were made Chief of Staff, and was ordered to lead the Syrian Army into war with the Israeli Army in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The defeat of the Arab league forces in that war shook Syria and undermined confidence in the country's chaotic parliamentary democracy, allowing them to seize power in 1949. However, their reign as head of state would be brief: they were executed within a few months.
Coup of 1949
On 30 March 1949, al-Za'im seized power in a bloodless coup d'état. There are "highly controversial" allegations that the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) engineered the coup. Most of the evidence currently available suggests that the decision to initiate a coup was Za'im's alone, but Za'im benefited from some degree of American assistance in planning the operation.
Four days after the coup that overthrew democratic rule the Syrian government ratified the controversial Trans-Arabian Pipeline (Tapline) deal.
Syria's President, Shukri al-Kuwatli, was briefly imprisoned, but then released into exile in Egypt. Al-Za'im also imprisoned many political leaders, such as Munir al-Ajlani, whom they accused of conspiring to overthrow the republic. The coup was carried out with discreet backing of the American embassy, and possibly assisted by the Syrian Social Nationalist Party, although al-Za'im themselves is not known to have been a member. Among the officers that assisted al-Za'im's takeover was Adib al-Shishakli and Sami al-Hinnawi, both of whom would later become military leaders of the country.
Al-Za'im's takeover, the first military coup in the history of Syria, would have lasting effects, as it shattered the country's fragile and flawed democratic rule, and set off a series of increasingly violent military revolts. Two more would follow in August and December 1949.
Regime
Their secular policies and proposals for the emancipation of women through granting them the vote and suggesting they should give up the Islamic practice of veiling, created a stir among Muslim religious leaders (Women's suffrage was only achieved during the third civilian administration of Hashim al-Atassi, a staunch opponent of military rule). Raising taxes also aggrieved business people, and Arab nationalists were still smouldering over their signing of a cease-fire with Israel, as well as their deals with US oil companies for building the Trans-Arabian Pipeline. They made a peace overture to Israel offering to settle 300,000 Palestinian refugees in Syria, in exchange for border modifications along the cease fire line and half of Israel's Lake Tiberias. Settling the refugees was made conditional on sufficient outside assistance for the Syrian economy. The overture was answered very slowly by Tel Aviv and not treated seriously.
Lacking popular support, al-Za'im was overthrown after just four and a half months by their colleagues, al-Shishakli and al-Hinnawi. As al-Hinnawi took power as leader of a military junta, Husni al-Za'im was swiftly spirited away to Mezze prison in Damascus, and executed along with Prime Minister Muhsin al-Barazi.
Social
al-Za'im worked hard to abolish wearing the fez, claiming that it was outdated headwear taken from the days of the Ottoman Empire.  They are credited for giving support to women's the right to vote and run for public office in Syria. The law had been debated at the Syrian Parliament since 1920 and no leader dared to support it, except Zaim.
During the 137 days of their rule in Syria, however, Husni al-Za'im never executed anybody. They did have creative ways of punishing those who disobeyed him, however. When the quality of bread dropped to unacceptable levels, Zaim ordered all bakers to walk on the gravel, barefoot, until blood flowed from their feet.
Family
Husni al-Za'im's wife Nouran, was the first lady of Syria from April to August 1949. The marriage took place in 1947, two years before Husni al-Zaim became President of the Republic. In order to please their young wife, Zaim asked their 11-year-old sister Kariman to live with them in Damascus. They treated them as a sister as well, and sent them to the Lycee Laique (one of the finest preparatory high schools in town). Another sister Orfan, would visit them often, and took up the habit of playing with a guard, Abdel Hamid Sarraj (the chief of security at the president's office who went on to become head of the intelligence bureau and minister of interior during the union years with Egypt 1958–1961).
During the incidence of al-Za'im's arrest, and when the guards came to arrest him, Zaim got dressed and said goodbye to their pregnant wife. "Relax" they asked her, "I will be back soon to receive our first baby together!" Niveen (his daughter) said, "My mother and aunt told me that the couch they had been sitting on was riddled with bullets. Sarraj knew in advance that an attack was coming and told them to go upstairs to keep them from harm's way." Less than a week before the coup—which led to the execution by firing squad of Za'im and their Prime Minister Muhsen al-Barazi—Nouran's cousins came to him, saying that they had confirmed intelligence information, saying that Sami al-Hinnawi (his comrade from the war of 1948) was planning to have them killed. Zaim summoned Hinnawi and directly asked, "Sami, my brothers-in-law are telling me you want to kill me?" Hinnawi replied, "Impossible. How can I kill my leader and friend?" After the president was arrested on 14 August, Nouran and their sister were kept under house arrest for an entire week. "No food was brought into the house," said Niveen. A Senegalese guard tried helping them by passing their own food through the window.
References
External links
1897 births
1949 deaths
People from Aleppo
20th-century Syrian politicians
Presidents of Syria
Prime Ministers of Syria
Chiefs of Staff of the Syrian Army
Syrian Kurdish politicians
Syrian Kurdish people
Leaders ousted by a coup
Executed Syrian people
People executed by Syria by firing squad
Executed presidents
Executed prime ministers
Syrian people of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War
Syrian generals
Syrian ministers of defense
Leaders who took power by coup
Salix saxatilis is a willow species described by Porphir Kiril Nicolai Stepanowitsch Turczaninow.
Range
It is present in central Siberia, the Russian Far East (including Sakhalin), and Mongolia.
References
saxatilis
Taxa named by Nikolai Turczaninow
Plants described in 1854
Flora of Mongolia
Flora of Siberia
Adaköy is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey. As of 2000, it had a population of 40 people.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Normandy campaign of 1449-1450 took place during the Hundred Years War when the kingdom of France undertook a military campaign to retake the Duchy of Normandy from the English. Following the decisive victory of the French at the battle of Formigny and after the fall of Cherbourg, the last English stronghold in Normandy, English control of Normandy was removed.
References
Nicolle, David. The Fall of English France 1449–53. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2012.
1449 in England
1450 in England
1440s in France
1450s in France
Conflicts in 1449
Conflicts in 1450
Spry Fox is a video game producing company headquartered in Seattle, United States, that was founded in 2010 by David Edery and Daniel Cook. The company produced the games Triple Town, a freemium strategy puzzle game with city-building game elements for social networks and mobile devices; Steambirds, a strategy flying game for mobile devices; Road Not Taken, a roguelike puzzle game; and co-created Realm of the Mad God with Wild Shadow Studios. When Wild Shadow Studios was acquired by Kabam in June 2012, Spry Fox sold its stake in the game to Kabam as part of the deal.
In July 2015, Spry Fox released Alphabear, a Scrabble-style word game with collectable bear power-ups, also for mobile devices. Alphabear received the award for Standout Indie app at the inaugural Google Play Awards in 2016.
In May 2016, Spry Fox released Bushido Bear, an action game they described as a mashup between Fruit Ninja and Smash TV, featuring similar collectable bears as Alphabear, also for mobile devices.
See also
Spry Fox, LLC v. Lolapps, Inc.
References
External links
Spry Fox website
Video game companies of the United States
Video game companies established in 2010
2010 establishments in Washington (state)
East Chicago Central High School or commonly known as Central or EC Central, is a public high school in the industrial City of East Chicago, located east of the Chicago metropolitan area.
History
The School City of East Chicago built East Chicago Central High School in 1986 to replace East Chicago's two aging high schools, East Chicago Washington and East Chicago Roosevelt High Schools. East Chicago Central's first semester began in the fall of 1986.
Academics
East Chicago Central High School is ranked 293rd out of the 397 high schools of Indiana and #12,248 in National Rankings. Central had an average composite ACT score of 22 and has a 69% graduation rate (State graduation rate average is 86%). Central students' proficiency in math is 12% (Lower than the Indiana state average of 54%). Students' proficiency in reading/language arts is 33% (Lower than the Indiana state average of 62%). Central High School placed in the bottom 50% of all schools in Indiana for overall test scores (Math proficiency is bottom 50%, and reading proficiency is bottom 50%).
Athletics
The athletic director is Cindy Wilson.
The East Chicago Central's Cardinals compete in the Great Lakes Conference (GLC) as well as in the state championship series sponsored by the Indiana High School Athletic Association (IHSAA) which governs athletic activities in Indiana. School colors are Cardinal red and Navy blue.
The school sponsors interscholastic teams for both boys and girls in Basketball, Coed Flag Football, Coed Track, Cross Country, Soccer, Swimming & Diving, and Tennis. Girls also compete in Volleyball. Boys also compete in Baseball, Football, Golf and Wrestling.
East Chicago Central athletic teams placed in the top four of their respective class in their respective sports in IHSAA sponsored state championship series:
Basketball (Boys): State Champions (EC Washington: 1960*, 1971*) (EC Roosevelt: 1970*) (EC Central: 2007) Semi-State Champions: (EC Washington: 1947*, 1960*, 1962*, 1966*, 1971*, 1976*, 1977*, 1985*) Regional Champions: (EC Washington: 1925*, 1927*, 1928*, 1929*, 1930*, 1931*, 1936*, 1940*, 1941*, 1942*, 1944*, 1953*, 1963*, 1967*, 1978*, 1979*, 1983*) Sectional Champions: (EC Central: 1987, 19889, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2016, 2017)
Basketball (Girls): State Champions (EC Roosevelt: 1977*, 1979*)
Football: State Champions (EC Roosevelt: 1945*, 1946*, 1949*, 1955*, 1957*) (EC Central: 1994, 2017)
Wrestling: State Champions (EC Roosevelt: 1934*)
*Indicates titles won by East Chicago Washington High School and East Chicago Roosevelt High School prior to merging in 1986 to become East Chicago Central High School.
John A. Baratto Athletic Center
The John A. Baratto Athletic Center is the third-largest high school basketball gym by seating capacity in the United States with 8,054 seats, behind Lloyd E. Scott Gymnasium at Seymour High School (capacity: 8,228) and New Castle Fieldhouse at New Castle High School (capacity: 8,424), both of which are also in Indiana.
The gym was dedicated in 1988 and is named in honor of legendary EC Washington basketball coach John Baratto, who went 484-170, secured 15 sectional titles, 8 regional titles, 4 semi-state crowns, and the 1960 IHSAA basketball title. Baratto was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 1972.
Demographics
The racial makeup of students attending Central is 51% Hispanic, 47% African-American, 2% White, and 1% Two or More Races. The gender makeup is 48% female and 52% male.
Notable alumni
Monica Maxwell - Former WNBA player, former assistant coach at Pike High School
E'Twaun Moore- NBA Player, currently playing for the Orlando Magic
Kawann Short - NFL player, formerly played for Carolina Panthers, current free agent
Miguel Torres - Former MMA fighter
See also
List of high schools in Indiana
Largest high school gyms in the United States
References
External links
East Chicago Central High School
Public high schools in Indiana
Schools in Lake County, Indiana
Educational institutions established in 1986
East Chicago, Indiana
1986 establishments in Indiana
Lore Wissmann (22 June 1922 – 25 December 2007) was a German operatic soprano.
Life
Wissmann was born in Neckartailfingen. After studying at the State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart, Wissmann made their debut in 1942 at the State Opera there, of which they were a member for over thirty years.
There, they sang all the important lyrical parts, including Minnie in La fanciulla del West, Liù in Turandot, Marie in The Bartered Bride as well as Manon in Manon Lescaut and also took part in numerous premieres and first performances, among others by Hindemith, Stravinsky and Orff.
They gave guest performances at all leading opera houses in Europe. At the Bayreuth premiere cast of Parsifal, they sang parts from Das Rheingold and Eva in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg (1956). They were married with the tenor Wolfgang Windgassen (1914-1974).
Wissmann died in Uffing am Staffelsee at the age of 85. They rest beside their husband Wolfgang Windgassen at the .
References
External links
Wissmann Lore on Operissimo concertissimo
German operatic sopranos
1922 births
2007 deaths
People from Esslingen (district)
20th-century German women opera singers
State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart alumni
Brian Stewart (born December 4, 1964) is an American football coach who is the Defensive coordinator of the Houston Roughnecks. They were previously the defensive backs coach at Baylor University and defensive coordinator at Rice University for the 2017 season.
Early years
Stewart attended Nogales High School. They accepted a football scholarship from Northern Arizona University. They transferred to Santa Monica City College after their first-year student season, when they were ruled academically ineligible. They played both at cornerback and free safety.
They transferred for their junior season back to Northern Arizona University. They played cornerback for the 1986 and 1987 teams.
Coaching career
Cal Poly
Stewart began their collegiate career as an offensive assistant at Cal Poly-San Luis Obispo, working with the wide receivers in 1993 and the running backs in 1994, when the school won the American West Conference title.
Northern Arizona
In 1995, they coached tight ends and special teams at Northern Arizona University.
Missouri
In 1996, they were a defensive graduate assistant at the University of Missouri.
San Jose State
From 1997 to 1998, they were the secondary coach at San Jose State University.
Missouri (second stint)
From 1999 to 2000, they were the secondary coach at the University of Missouri.
Syracuse
In 2001, they were the defensive backs coach at Syracuse University under head coach Paul Pasqualoni, contributing to a 10-3 record and the No. 14 ranking in final Associated Press poll.
Houston Texans
In 2002, they began their NFL career as the assistant defensive backs coach with the expansion Houston Texans.
San Diego Chargers
In 2004, they were hired as the secondary coach with the San Diego Chargers under defensive coordinator Wade Phillips.
Dallas Cowboys
In 2007, when Phillips became the head coach of the Dallas Cowboys, they named Stewart as the defensive coordinator.
Philadelphia Eagles
In 2009, they were hired as the defensive special assistant with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Houston
Stewart held the position of defensive coordinator on the Houston Cougars football team from 2010 to 2011 at the University of Houston.
Maryland
In 2012, Stewart was hired as the defensive coordinator at the University of Maryland. Stewart's defense was second-ranked in yards per game in the Atlantic Coast Conference and the 21st in the nation.
Nebraska
Stewart was the defensive backs coach at the University of Nebraska from 2015 to 2016.
Rice
In 2017, they were the defensive coordinator and interim head coach at Rice University.
Detroit Lions
On February 7, 2018, Stewart was hired by the Detroit Lions as their defensive backs coach of the Detroit Lions under defensive coordinator Paul Pasqualoni and head coach Matt Patricia.
Baylor Bears
In 2020, Stewart was hired as the cornerbacks coach at Baylor University under head coach Dave Aranda.
Maryland (second stint)
On February 16, 2021, Stewart returned and was hired as the defensive coordinator at the University of Maryland under head coach Mike Locksley, replacing Jon Hoke, who departed to become the secondary coach for the Atlanta Falcons. They left the staff following the season.
XFL
In June 2022, It was announced Stewart would become the XFL's Houston Roughnecks Defensive Coordinator.
Personal life
Stewart's family includes wife Kimberly and their children Leila, Mya, and Zara.
References
External links
Baylor profile
1964 births
Living people
Players of American football from San Diego
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
Northern Arizona Lumberjacks football players
Santa Monica Corsairs football players
Baylor Bears football coaches
Cal Poly Mustangs football coaches
Dallas Cowboys coaches
Detroit Lions coaches
Houston Cougars football coaches
Houston Texans coaches
Maryland Terrapins football coaches
Missouri Tigers football coaches
Nebraska Cornhuskers football coaches
Northern Arizona Lumberjacks football coaches
Philadelphia Eagles coaches
San Diego Chargers coaches
San Jose State Spartans football coaches
Syracuse Orange football coaches
Little Marton Mill is a 19th-century English tower windmill in Marton, now part of Blackpool, Lancashire. It was built in 1838 by John Hays for grinding corn, and worked until 1928. It has been designated a Grade II listed building by Historic England.
History and assessment
Little Marton Mill was built in 1838 by millwright John Hays for John Whalley, on the site of a previous mill. It was once one of several gristmills in the area, and is the last remaining of perhaps four mills that once stood within the current boundaries of Blackpool. The hamlet of Little Marton was part of the township of Marton which, by the end of the 19th century, was incorporated into Blackpool and St Anne's-on-the-Sea. Marton had a watermill until the mid-18th century, and another wind-powered gristmill up to the late 19th century, both at Great Marton. Little Marton Mill was later worked by a miller named Cornelius Bagot. It stopped working in September 1928. Bagot restored the mill and in 1937 gave it to the Allen Clarke Memorial Fund as a memorial to local teacher, writer and windmill enthusiast C. Allen Clarke (1863–1935). The mill was extensively renovated in 1987 at a cost of £88,000. The mill is now open on Sundays to members of the public to visit and features demonstrations and information from volunteers about the milling process and its history.
Little Marton Mill is situated on a green, close to the M55 motorway and is a familiar landmark on this major route into the seaside resort. Historic England designated the windmill a Grade II listed building on 20 October 1983. The Grade II designation—the lowest of the three grades—is for buildings that are "nationally important and of special interest".
Structure
Little Marton Mill is of a typical style for windmills built in the Fylde. On four storeys (including a basement), it has a circular plan and a broad base in proportion to its height. It is constructed of stuccoed, whitewashed brick. On the exterior wall there is a commemorative plaque to local writer Allen Clarke. The mill is entered through double doors (at basement level) to the east, and a single door to the west. There are square windows at the first, second and third storeys.
Typically for Fylde windmills, the cap (replaced in 1987) is boat-shaped. There are four sails and a fantail with eight blades. The machinery is incomplete as some of it is now at Lytham Windmill.
See also
List of windmills in Lancashire
Listed buildings in Blackpool
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Friends of Little Marton Windmill
Buildings and structures in Blackpool
Grade II listed buildings in Lancashire
Grade II listed windmills
Windmills in Lancashire
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1838
Dust of Time is a soundtrack album by Greek composer Eleni Karaindrou featuring music for the film The Dust of Time by Theodoros Angelopoulos recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM New Series label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "While their many scores for their films have been celebrated for their subtlety and ingenious sense of time and nuance – as well as instrumentation, texture, and color – this one moves across musical cultures as well as across the span of years built into the script. As a piece of music, it walks the line between modern classical music with folk themes and more historical post-Romantic-era composition".
Track listing
All compositions by Eleni Karaindrou
"Le Temps Perdu" – 2:07
"Dance Theme Var II" – 2:40
"Notes I" – 1:19
"Seeking Var II" – 2:23
"Waltz by the River" – 3:33
"Unravelling Time I" – 1:21
"Tsiganiko I" – 1:22
"Dance Theme Var I" – 3:17
"Seeking" – 2:37
"Memories from Siberia" – 3:16
"Unravelling Time II" – 1:21
"Notes II" – 2:33
"Tsiganiko II" – 1:22
"Seeking Var I" – 3:26
"Dance Theme" – 4:30
"Le Mal Du Pays" – 1:16
"Nostalgia Song" – 1:38
"Solitude" – 2:21
"Adieu" – 2:18
Recorded at Megaron in Athens, Greece in January (tracks 9 & 15) & March (tracks 1–8, 10–14 & 16–19), 2008
Personnel
Eleni Karaindrou – piano
Sergiu Nastasa – violin
Renato Ripo – cello
Maria Bildea – harp
Vangelis Christopoulos – oboe
Spyros Kazianis – bassoon
Antonis Lagos – french horn
Dinos Hadjiiordanou – accordion
Camerata – Friends of Music Orchestra
Natalia Michailidou – piano (tracks 9 & 15)
Hellenic Radio Television Orchestra conducted by Alexandros Myrat (tracks 9 & 15)
References
ECM New Series albums
ECM Records soundtracks
Eleni Karaindrou albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Yö () was a Finnish rock band, formed in 1981 at Pori, Finland.
The band has had many line-up changes during their history, and almost 20 different musicians play or have played with the band. Yö's first line-up included singer Olli Lindholm and composer, singer and keyboardist Jussi Hakulinen, guitarist Jani Viitanen, bassist Juha Rauäng and drummer Harri Varhala. Since the late 1980s band has been more or less based in Tampere.
Yö's biggest hits include songs like Joutsenlaulu (Swansong), Likaiset legendat (Dirty Legends), Ihmisen poika (Son of a Human), Rakkaus on lumivalkoinen (Love is Snow-White), Särkynyt enkeli (Broken Angel), and Tia-Maria (a Finnish woman's name). The group started with punk rock influenced music but has later moved towards mainstream rock. Yö is Finland's 10th best-selling music artist of all time with two multi-platinum, two double-platinum, six platinum and five gold records.
After singer and bands leader Olli Lindholm's sudden death in February 2019 it is very much doubtful whether the band will continue playing.
Discography
Studio albums
Varietee (Variety Show) (1983)
Nuorallatanssija (Ropedancer) (1984)
Myrskyn jälkeen (After the Storm) (1985)
Äänet (Voices) (1986)
Lanka palaa (Fire in the Hole) (1988)
Toinen puoliaika (Second Act) (1989)
Antaa soittaa (Let it Play) (1991)
Tänä yönä (Tonight) (1992)
Kymmenes kevät (Tenth Spring) (1993)
Hyviä vuosia (Good Years) (1994)
Satelliitti (Satellite) (1996)
Pirstaleet (Shards) (1997)
13. Yö (13th Night) (1999)
Valo (Light) (2000)
Rakkaus on lumivalkoinen (Love is White as Snow) (2003)
Kuolematon (Immortal) (2005)
Valtakunta (Kingdom) (2007)
Loisto (Shine) (2009)
Pelko ja rakkaus (Fear and Love) (2012)
Hyvässä ja pahassa (For Better or for Worse) (2014)
Puolet taivaasta – puolet helvetistä (Half of Heaven – Half of Hell) (2016)
Hyvän yön lauluja (2017)
Mitä jos mä rakastan (2018)
Compilations
Poko-klassikko (1987)
Suurimmat hitit (1988)
Parhaat (1995)
Yön pimeä puoli (1998)
Legenda (2001)
Yön valoisa puoli (2006)
Kiitos ja kunnia - 30v. juhlakokoelma (2011)
Aikamatka 1981–2016 (2016)
Live albums
...Ja tapahtui niinä päivinä (1984)
Täältä tulee Yö (1993)
Yön 20-vuotisjuhlakonsertti (2002, DVD)
Yhden Yön tarinoita (2003)
Kolmen illan varietee (2006, CD/DVD)
Yön ensimmäinen keikka (2008, LP)
Members
Past members
Olli Lindholm – vocals (1981–2019)
Jussi Hakulinen – keyboard & vocals (1981–1985) (died 2022)
Jani Viitanen – guitar (1981–2000)
Juha Rauäng – bass (1981–1990)
Harri Varhala – drums (early 1981)
Tapio Wallin – drums (late 1981)
Veikko ”Veke” Lehtiranta – drums (1982–1990)
Jussi Turpeinen – guitar (2017–2019)
Timo Mynttinen – bass (2017–2019)
Mikko Kangasjärvi – keyboard & accordion (years 1990–1992, and again 2000–2019)
Jari Latomaa – keyboard & pipe organ (2010–2019)
Ari Toikka – drums & percussion (2007–2019)
Markku Petander – guitar (1985–1987 ja 1996–2000)
Juha Mielonen – guitar (1987–1990)
Jesu Hämäläinen – bass (1990–1999)
Jukka ”Frogley” Mänty-Sorvari – drums (1990–2002)
Jukka Lewis – bass guitar (1999–2016)
Daffy Terävä – guitar (2000–2016)
Antti Mäkinen – drums & percussion (2002–2006)
Timeline
See also
List of best-selling music artists in Finland
References
External links
Yö Official Homepage (in Finnish)
1981 establishments in Finland
2019 disestablishments in Finland
Finnish rock music groups
Musical groups from Pori
Musical groups established in 1981
Musical groups disestablished in 2019
Film Songs is an EP by American singer-songwriter Stan Ridgway. It was released on January 20, 1996 by TWA Records and comprises songs Ridgway composed for various films and two live performance tracks.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Film Songs liner notes.
Musicians
Joseph Berardi – drums, percussion
Stan Ridgway – lead vocals, acoustic guitar, harmonica, production (1-6)
Mark Schulz – electric guitar, backing vocals
David Sutton – electric bass, acoustic bass, backing vocals
Pietra Wexstun – keyboards, backing vocals
Production and additional personnel
Mitchell Froom – production (7)
John Gillingham – recording (6, 7)
Shelley Roye – cover art, design
Doug Schwartz – mastering
Release history
References
External links
Film Songs at Discogs (list of releases)
1997 EPs
Stan Ridgway albums
Albums produced by Stan Ridgway
Vincent "Vince" Scott Morgan (born April 22, 1969) is a Democratic political activist, community leader and business person from Harlem, New York.
They were a 2013 Democratic candidate for the New York City Council for the 9th Council District. The 9th district comprises Community Board #10 and parts of CB #9 in Harlem. Morgan also ran for the United States House of Representatives in 2010.
Morgan has signaled their intention to champion the issues of fairness and transparency in the economic matters of the district by calling for an independent audit of the West Harlem Local Development Corporation (WHLDC), an agency charged with overseeing $150 Million community benefits agreement that is part of Columbia University's planned expansion into West Harlem. https://web.archive.org/web/20120211071737/http://www.dnainfo.com/20111031/harlem/candidate-wants-audit-of-columbias-spending-harlem#ixzz1cPt1aHuE
Early life
Morgan was born on April 22, 1969, in Chicago, Illinois. They were the only child born to John Ford (b. May 3, 1942) and Sharon Leslie Morgan (b. January 30, 1951). After their father abandoned the relationship and returned to their hometown in Memphis, TN before Vincent was born., Morgan was raised by their single mother in Chicago's Bronzeville community. They grew up in a tough neighborhood on the South side. Educated in an inner city parochial school (Corpus Christi), they were sheltered from some of the harsh realities of their impoverished community. They dropped out of high school at age 16, but with the support of concerned adults, including their maternal grandmother and their mother, as well as their own sense of determination, they turned their life around.
After obtaining their GED, they went on to attend Howard University in Washington, D.C. Morgan graduated with a bachelor's degree in business management from the University of Illinois at Chicago and earned a master's degree in public administration from Columbia University, in New York.
Professional life
Following college, Morgan embarked on a career in marketing communications and spent three years in South Africa, working in marketing positions with Lucent Technologies and with a South African cellular phone company. They eventually returned to the United States and moved to New York City.
In 2001, they volunteered for service in the Harlem office of Congressman Charles B. Rangel. Based on their meritorious volunteer work, they were offered a staff position as special assistant to the Congressman and, in 2002, was appointed campaign director for the Congressman's successful re-election.
For six years, they served as a vice president and community banking officer for TD Bank. As manager of the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) compliance for the State of New York and Northern New Jersey, they were responsible for building partnerships in both corporate and not-for-profit sectors.
Morgan has served in numerous leadership positions for New York organizations. In 2007, they created Harlem NOW, a non-partisan group that mobilized the community to solve grassroots issues. As chairperson of the 125th Street Business Improvement District (BID), they championed revitalization efforts of one of the world's most famous thoroughfares. They were instrumental in launching Harlem's “Light It Up” campaign to illuminate 125th Street for the 2010 holiday season. The campaign, a model for cooperation among the business, academic, non-profit and political communities in northern Manhattan, garnered global attention.
Morgan has also served as a director on many boards, including Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce, Theatre of the Riverside Church, Harlem Biennale, International Leadership High School and the advisory boards of Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine and Alianza Dominicana.  They are a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, a graduate of the FBI Citizens Academy and a member of the NYC Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) in Harlem.
Personal life
Vincent Morgan is married to Shola Lynch, a documentary filmmaker who won a Peabody Award in 2006 for Chisholm '72: Unbought & Unbossed, a film about the first female candidate for the office of the President of the United States of America. Them current film, Free Angela and All Political Prisoners, documents black nationalist icon Angela Davis and has earned critical praise and recognition. The couple lives in the Harlem community of New York City. They are parents of two children, Julian and Violet.
References
Living people
1969 births
Joseph Whitehill, Jr. (December 30, 1786 – November 4, 1861) was a nineteenth-century Ohio farmer who was elected to a series of local offices in Warren County, Ohio, before their election as Ohio State Treasurer.
Biography
They were born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, the son of Joseph Whitehill. In 1800, at age fourteen, their family moved to Botetourt County, Virginia, near Fincastle. In 1808, their father died and Whitehill assumed responsibility for their family: six sisters and a brother. In the War of 1812, they were lieutenant in the militia company from Botetourt County, and served in the defense of Norfolk, Virginia from the British. Upon the death of the captain of their company, Whitehill was in command.
After the war, the family moved to Warren County, Ohio, north of Cincinnati. They arrived in the county in 1815, initially settling near the town of Waynesville but relocating closer to Lebanon, the county seat. They were forced to abandon farming because of their rheumatism. Moving into the town of Lebanon, they hauled freight between Lebanon and Cincinnati. They also owned a grist mill on the Warren County Canal's Lock 3, southwest of Lebanon.
In 1826, they were elected sheriff of Warren County and served 1826 to 1830, two two-year terms. Whitehill was briefly out of office in 1830, during which time they bought a farm three miles north of Lebanon in Turtlecreek Township. In 1830, they were elected to the Ohio General Assembly as a representative. They were re-elected three times, serving four one-year terms. In 1834, as they were completing their final term in the legislature, they were elected Ohio State Treasurer. They were re-elected three times, serving four three-year terms. When their service expired, they remained in the state capital, Columbus. Whitehill, who never married, lived there with their spinster sister Jane.
Whitehill speculated in property and became quite wealthy, but lost their fortune through the failure of several companies they had invested in. Josiah Morrow, the historian of Warren County, wrote of him:
Mr. Whitehill was not a man of much knowledge of the sort that is derived from books, they're having had but little time for the acquisition of that kind of knowledge in their early life, which was one of labor and activity, rendered necessary by reason of the responsibilities imposed upon them . . . . But they were a man of strong sense and sound judgement. Their disposition was frank and generous, and their manners were popular. They enjoyed in an eminent degree the affection of their relatives and friends, and the respect and esteem of their acquaintances.
Whitehill died in Columbus two months before their seventy-fifth birthday. Both they and their sister Jane are buried at Green Lawn Cemetery in Columbus. Cemetery records indicate they died November 1, 1861.
References
Josiah Morrow. The History of Warren County, Ohio. Chicago: W.H. Beers, 1883. (Reprinted several times, relevant page on-line here)
1786 births
1861 deaths
People from Warren County, Ohio
State treasurers of Ohio
Politicians from Lancaster, Pennsylvania
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
American militiamen in the War of 1812
19th-century American politicians
American militia officers
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
Prevention Through Deterrence is a set of policies instituted by the United States with the intent to deter the illegal crossing of its southern border with Mexico. First introduced in a document entitled "Border Patrol Strategic Plan of 1994 and Beyond", this policy has since been used to police high-traffic areas of the Mexico–United States border.
Since its institution an estimated 10,000 migrants passing through Mexico have died in an attempt to cross through the Sonoran Desert into the United States. Mexico's Secretariat of Foreign Affairs places the number of deaths at roughly 450 per year (including migrant deaths on both the US and Mexican territory).
History
The United States implemented "Prevention through Deterrence" in the 1990s when immigrants crossing the Rio Grande from Reynosa, Mexico attracted the media's attention pressuring immigration officials and politicians to create a new enforcement policy. The idea is to redirect the routes of the migrants into the Sonoran Desert to discourage migrants from crossing. The United States Government relies on the environment of the Sonoran Desert to deter these migrants without much help from the border enforcement agency.
Previous strategies used by the United States
Operation Blockade
Operation Blockade occurred from September 19, 1993, through October 2, 1993. Border Patrol agents were deployed along the 20 mile segment of the border "on an around-the clock basis and with repairs to the border fence in downtown El Paso area". Although the blockade ended on October 2, 1993, on September 24, 1993, Border Patrol announced that the operation "will continue indefinitely". The impact of the operation was seen immediately, because the usual level of attempted entry and arrest declined. The intention was to shift the traffic away from the city and "put [migrants] out in areas where they're on [Border Patrol's] turf". This approach soon evolved into the policy of Prevention through Deterrence.
Chinese Exclusions Act of 1882
The Chinese Exclusions Act of 1882 was a federal statute that prohibited Chinese laborers from entering and re-entering the United States. When Chinese laborers were denied entrance they would enter the United States illegally through the southern border with Mexico.
According to anthropologist Jason De León, it was during the implementation of the Act that an early application of prevention through deterrence by the immigration agents occurred. De León points out that in order to deter more immigrants from crossing, patrol officers only apprehended immigrants on established routes where they had access to resources; this forced immigrants into more rural areas with less resources. Scholars state, "from their earliest work [by] enforcing the Chinese Exclusion Acts [enacted in 1882], immigration authorities [have] discovered that the desert and mountain wilderness [can] be made effective allies in the fight against undocumented entry".
Debates
Measurement
The effect of prevention through deterrence is measured in different ways. The U.S. government can use the number of immigrant apprehensions to evaluate prevention through deterrence but, this does not measure how many migrants elude border patrol or how many migrants are dying at the southern border. A 1997 report by the Government Accountability Office did use the immigrant death toll to measure the effect of prevention through deterrence. The Department of Homeland Security also publishes the number of migrant deaths; however, according to De León, it is the lowest estimate.
Praise
The goals of the Strategic Plan of 1994, as stated by border patrol, were not only to slow the number of migrants crossing the southern border, but to promote confidence in the United States' ability to protect that border. By apprehending more undocumented immigrants using prevention through deterrence, border patrol also wanted to "protect the immigration heritage" that serves as the foundation of the United States today. De León points out that by using terms like "tactical advantage" and "deterring", government documents format prevention through deterrence as a humane but powerful strategy.
Criticism
According to De León, there is a "war on non-citizens" at the U.S.–Mexican border and the primary weapon used by the U.S. is prevention through deterrence, which shifts the blame of migrant deaths from the government to the environment.
Necroviolence, a term coined by De León, is the intentionally "offensive, sacrilegious, or inhumane" treatment of a deceased individual as perceived by the actor or the culture of the victim. De León applies necroviolence to prevention through deterrence through the effect the environment has on deceased individuals. De León also believes that the fear of necroviolence not only serves as a way to prevent more immigrants from crossing the border, but by condemning individuals to a clandestine death they, and the people who knew them, are stripped of spiritual and emotional closure.
Shaping history
According to De León, the U.S. government does not acknowledge the part it plays in the increase of migrant deaths at the southern border; however, over the past 20 years the United States government has been collecting materials left behind by undocumented immigrants. Therefore, artifacts are no longer available for scholars like De León to study. As Paul Farmer pointed out, this is a technique used by authoritative structures to establish a particular historical account of an event.
Locations
Using the environment
U.S. border patrol uses the environment to execute the prevention through deterrence strategy. For example, features of the terrain, such as bodies of water, mountains, valleys, and extreme temperatures, are "natural barriers", for individuals crossing the border. To use the uninhabited environment in prevention through deterrence, border patrol increased surveillance in cities along the southern border, which pushed migrant entry points into rural areas.
The Americas
The idea of Prevention Through Deterrence stemmed at the border between the United States and Mexico. This area is called the Sonoran Desert; it is located in Arizona, which is known as an inhospitable area. Many determined migrants also chose to cross the Río Bravo which separates northeast Mexico from Texas because this area is known to have less border security. Migrants from Central America have used the means of the Rio Grande in order to cross the border as well.
Over 22 years (from 1990 to 2012), 2,238 migrant bodies were found in Pima County, Arizona, and 1,813 bodies, over half of those recovered, died from exposure. However, these statistics only include the migrants' bodies that were recovered and only represent a small portion of the border.
References
Anti-immigration politics in the United States
Mexico–United States border
Shiyang Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M11".
Lines
Awa-Nakashima Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 21.8 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. The present track was formerly track 2 of a two-track island platform configuration. The trackbed of track 1, on the other side of the platform is still visible. The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. A paved path crosses the trackbed of the former track 1 and leads to a ramp, giving wheelchair access to the platform.
Adjacent stations
History
Awa-Nakashima Station was opened on 27 March 1936 by Japanese Government Railways (JGR) under the name Awa-Nakajima. It was an intermediate station during the first phase of the construction of the Mugi Line when a track was built from to . On 15 October 1936, the reading of the station name was changed to Awa-Nakashima, with no change to the kanji characters used. On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the Station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 270 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Anan City Hall Nakagawa Branch (formerly Nakagawa Town Hall)
Anan City Nagagawa Library
Nakajima Post Office
Saikou-ji Temple
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1936
Anan, Tokushima
The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP) is a non-profit, non-partisan think tank that works on state and federal tax policy issues. ITEP was founded in 1980, and is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. ITEP describes its mission as striving to "keep policymakers and the public informed of the effects of current and proposed tax policies on tax fairness, government budgets and sound economic policy."
Publications
ITEP's flagship publication is its "Who Pays?" report. The report was originally released in 1996, and has since been updated in 2003, 2009, 2013, 2015 and 2018. The 2018 report includes tax changes enacted through September 10, 2018, at 2015 income levels. "Who Pays?" analyzes the distribution, by income level, of state and local taxes in all 50 states, as well as in the District of Columbia. Its main finding is that: "the vast majority of state and local tax systems are fundamentally unfair. An overreliance on consumption taxes and the absence of a progressive personal income tax in many states neutralizes whatever benefits the working poor receive from refundable low-income tax credits." The majority of the data contained in this report is produced using the ITEP Microsimulation Tax Model.
Other major reports released by ITEP include "90 Reasons We Need State Corporate Tax Reform", which examines the effective state corporate income tax rates paid by large and profitable companies. "Building a Better Gas Tax" measures the impact of construction cost inflation in preventing most state gasoline taxes from providing a sustainable source of transportation revenue. "A Capital Idea" examines the revenue and fairness implications of state tax breaks for capital gains income, and "Writing Off Tax Giveaways" does the same for itemized deductions. ITEP also reports on "Undocumented Immigrants' State and Local Tax Contribution" made by nearly 11 million undocumented immigrants residing currently in the United States. Many of ITEP's reports deal with issues or proposals that are relevant to only a single state – often focusing on proposed tax changes or reforms, for example, "The ITEP Guide to Fair State and Local Taxes".<ref>The ITEP Guide to Fair State and Local Taxes. Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.</ref>
ITEP has released a series of reports criticizing studies by Arthur Laffer about the economic impact of lowering or eliminating state personal income taxes and estate taxes.
Funders
ITEP lists a number of foundations among its funders, including the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the Ford Foundation, and the New York Community Trust. ITEP also accepts individual donations.
Political stance
ITEP's quantitative analyses are utilized by observers from across the political spectrum and by analysts within government. ITEP, as well as the associated Citizens for Tax Justice, has been characterized as liberal.
The ITEP Microsimulation Tax Model
Many of ITEP's analyses rely on the ITEP Microsimulation Tax Model. The ITEP model is a computer program capable of estimating the revenue yield and distribution of federal, state, and local taxes, as well as proposed changes to those taxes.
According to ITEP, its model "relies on one of the largest databases of tax returns and supplementary data in existence, encompassing close to three quarters of a million records." Three similar microsimulation models are used by the Joint Committee on Taxation, the U.S. Treasury Department, and the Congressional Budget Office. The ITEP model, however, stands apart from each of these in that it adds state-by-state estimating capabilities. The Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center and the Tax Foundation have also built their own tax models.
Tax haven research
An ITEP report which attracts worldwide media attention is the Offshore Shell Games: The Use of Offshore Tax Havens by Fortune 500 Companies report. ITEP jointly fund the report with the U.S. Public Interest Research Group ("PRIG"), Education Fund. The report adopts a purely quantitative approach and calculates the scale of involvement by leading U.S. multinationals with tax havens by conducting analysis on their SEC 10-K and 10-Q filings. The latest report was in 2017 and it ranks tax havens by two different type of quantitative calculations, based on 2012-2015 10-K and 10-Q filings:
ITEP's ranking of tax havens matches with other academic rankings of tax havens, for example:
Note that the above two academic studies example global corporate activity, and not just Fortune 500 Companies. However, as noted in the academic literature, most corporate tax avoidance and BEPS strategies are executed by U.S. multinationals ("MNCs"), and the BEPS strategies used by all global MNCs have similarities, thus using similar havens.
ITEP 2017 tax haven list (by quantum of connections)
The ten largest tax havens from the ITEP 2017 report, ranked by the percentage of Fortune 500 Companies with subsidiaries in the tax haven:
(*) Identified as one of the largest 10 corporate tax havens by Gabriel Zucman in 2018 (Cayman and the British Virgin Islands appear as the Caribbean).
(†) Identified as one of the largest 5 Conduits by CORPNET in 2017.
(‡) Identified as one of the largest 5 Sinks by CORPNET in 2017.
(Δ) Identified on the first OECD 2000 list of 35 tax havens (the OECD list only contained Trinidad & Tobago by 2017).
ITEP 2017 tax haven list (by quantum of profits)
The ten largest tax havens from the ITEP 2017 report, ranked by the profits booked by Fortune 500 Companies in the tax haven:
(*) Identified as one of the largest 10 corporate tax havens by Gabriel Zucman in 2018 (Cayman and the British Virgin Islands appear as the Caribbean'').
(†) Identified as one of the largest 5 Conduits by CORPNET in 2017.
(‡) Identified as one of the largest 5 Sinks by CORPNET in 2017.
(Δ) Identified on the first OECD 2000 list of 35 tax havens (the OECD list only contained Trinidad & Tobago by 2017).
See also
Center for American Progress
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities
Conduit and Sink OFCs
Corporate tax havens
Economic Policy Institute
Ireland as a tax haven
Tax Foundation
Tax Policy Center
References
External links
Who Pays report, sixth edition
Offshore Shell Games, 2017
Political and economic think tanks in the United States
Think tanks based in Washington, D.C.
Non-profit organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Nonpartisan organizations in the United States
Tax avoidance
Corporate tax avoidance
Global issues
501(c)(3) organizations
Malle Leis (7 July 1940 – 9 August 2017) was an Estonian painter and graphic artist. I works mostly represent abstract forms in nature, including flowers, fruits, and vegetables. They developed a silk screen technique that became them trademark.
Early life and education
Malle Leis was born on July 7, 1940 in the town Viljandi, Estonia, a country on the Baltic Sea across from Finland. Leis began their education at the Tartu Art School attending from 1958 to 1961 and attended the Estonian Academy of Arts (also called Art Institute of Tallinn, see Wiki for associated names in past) from 1961 to 1967. Leis graduated from the stage design department in 1967 and was able to be recognized as one of the original members of ANK '64.
In 1964, a group of young artists in Tallinn formed an organization called ANK '64. Original members of ANK' 64 included students of the art institute, Malle Leis, Tõnis Vint, Jüri Arrak, Kristiina Kaasik, Tõnis Laanemaa, Marju Mutsu, Enno Ootsing, Tiiu Pallo-Vaik, Vello Tamm, and Aili Vint. The small group aimed to hold exhibitions outside the official system, to change theoretical ideas, and to organize private seminars on modern art. Each of these goals were being neglected by the art institute, and ANK '64 worked to change that. The small group influenced many younger beginner artists. Many artists argued that ANK '64 played more of a role in artistic development than the institute would have. Over the years, ANK '64 offered various intense exhibitions, lectures, performances, and other activities to young students. With being involved in this group, Leis became very familiar with Western contemporary art. Leis preferred working in abstract in the early sixties, but eventually developed an interest in pop art towards the end of the decade.
Artwork
Mediums
Leis typically worked with oil, watercolor, and serigraphs, establishing themselves not only as a painter, but also as a printmaker.
Styles in the 1960s
Leis' was highly influenced when being part of ANK '64, and mostly worked with an abstraction in the beginning of their career, but quickly moved to pop art style by the end of the 1960s. One of their early works was Exchange, a piece using oil and watch parts on canvas, done in 1968. Leis combined a background of geometric forms with pop elements. The juxtaposition of geometry and pop show Leis' knowledge and influence from Western contemporary art. The two male heads in the painting are portraits of their husband, Villu Jõvega.
Styles in the 1970s and 1980s
Leis began to paint large and bright flowers and vegetables in the 1970s, occasionally adding in human figures or horses. Leis' 1972 painting Sunlight Triptych shows striking red poppies and yellow daffodils against a flat blue background. They were likely inspired by Andy Warhol's 1964 series, Flowers, but still has their own unique style by painting a more detailed flower. In Leis' 1977 painting The Longest Day, Leis stretches tulips across the black canvas and places a human head in the bottom corner. The flowers are larger than the head, creating a dominant presence. The colorful flowers form an idea of life and happiness, but the head in the corner has been reduced to an object, simply gazing into space with an emotionless stare. These styles continued into the early 1980s. Leis began working with watercolors and silk screening in this time as well. Leis' husband helped them to develop their silk screening process, in which they would use ten to twenty different colors in each print. Them screen printed works had oriental resemblances, possibly inspired by Japanese artist Ogata Kōrin. Leis' screen printing technique quickly became their trademarked style.
Awards
Order of the White Star
Leis was awarded the Order of the White Star, IV Class in 2001. The Order of the White Star was instituted in 1936 to commemorate the fight of the Estonian people for freedom. The Order of the White Star is bestowed on Estonian citizens to give recognition for services rendered in state public service or local government and on foreigners for services rendered to the Estonian state.
List of exhibitions and collections
Selected one-person exhibitions (1968-1989, 2014)
1968: Art Salon, Estonian Union of Artists, Tallinn, Estonia
1973: House of Artists, Estonian Union of Artists, Tartu, Estonia
1974: Theater Lydia Koidula, Parnu, Estonia
1975: Art Salon, Estonian Union of Artists, Tallinn, Estonia
1975: Gallery Arsenal Zapiecek, Ponsan, Poland
1975: Gallery Arsenal Zapiecek, Warsaw, Poland
1980: Museum of Art, Tallinn, Estonia
1981: Russian Images, ltd., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA
1984: Draakon Gallery, Tallinn, Estonia
1984: Galerie im Zentrum, Luckenwalde, East Germany
1984: International Images, ltd., Sewickley, Pennsylvania, USA
1988: Akademgorodok, Novosibirsk, Russia
1988: Audiovisual Gallery, Limerick, Ireland
1988: University of Tartu, Tartu, Estonia
1989: Harjupaviljonki, Heinola, Finland
1989: International Images, ltd., Sewickley, Pennsylvania, USA
This exhibition held sixty of Leis' works, including oils, watercolors, and serigraphs. At the time, it was the most extensive collection of Leis' art ever shown in the United States.
2014-2015: Tartu Art Museum, Tartu, Estonia
This exhibition was open for about three months and featured an overview of Leis' artwork.
Selected group exhibitions (1970-1989)
1970: First Riga Watercolor Triennial, Riga, Latvia
1971: II Graphics Triennial, Tallinn, Estonia
1972: International Biennial of Graphic Art, Krakow, Poland
1972: Graphics of Estonia, Italy
1978: International Meeting of Fine Art Dealers, Washington, D.C., USA
1978: Lazarus Assembly Centre, Ohio, USA
1978: Pratt Institute Gallery, New York, USA
1978: Pratt Manhattan Center, New York, USA
1978: Russian Images, ltd., Sewickley, Pennsylvania, USA
1979: Boston World Art Exhibition, Boston, Massachusetts, USA
1979: Fourth Riga Watercolor Triennial, Tallinn, Estonia
1979: International Meeting of Fine Art Dealers, Washington, D.C., USA
1979: St. Mary's College, St. Mary's City, Maryland, USA
1980: Center Gallery, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, USA
1980: Georgia Southern College, Statesboro, Georgia, USA
1980: V Graphics Triennial, Tallinn, Estonia
1980: International Art Exposition, New York, USA
1980: Kilcawley Center Art Gallery, Youngstown, Ohio, USA
1980: Western Carolina University, Cullouhee, USA
1981: Augusta College, Augusta, Georgia, USA
1981: Austin College, Sherman, Texas, USA
1981: International Art Exposition, New York, USA
1981: International Biennial of Graphic Art and Painting, West Germany
1981: University Museum, Oxford, Mississippi, USA
1982: Association for the Advancement of Baltic Studies, St. Paul, Minnesota, USA
1982: Center Gallery, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, USA
1982: Contemporary Russian Art Center of America, New York, USA
1982: Fifth Riga Watercolor Triennial, Riga, Latvia
1982: Georgia Southwestern College, Americus, Georgia, USA
1982: International Images, ltd., Sewickley, Pennsylvania, USA
1982: Lutheran Brotherhood Gallery, Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
1982: McKissick Museum, Columbia, South Carolina, USA
1982: Santa Fe Community College, Gainesville, Florida, USA
1982: University of Northern Arizona, Flagstaff, Arizona, USA
1983: Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA
1983: VI Graphics Triennial, Tallinn, Estonia, USA
1983: Washington Cathedral, Washington, D.C., USA
1984: The Arts Club of Washington, Washington, D.C., USA
1984: Chicago International Art Exposition, Chicago, Illinois, USA
1984: Glen Helene Association, Yellow Springs, Ohio, USA
1984: Missoula Museum of Arts, Missoula, Montana, USA
1984: The Paine Art Center, Oshkosh, Wisconsin, USA
1984: Thames Science Center, New London, Connecticut, USA
1984: Strybing Arboretum, San Francisco, California, USA
1984-1985: Kunstverein für die Rheinlande und Westfalen und Städtische Kunsthalle, Düsseldorf, West Germany
1985: Grinnell College, Grinnell, Iowa, USA
1985: Kunstverein Hannover, Hannover, West Germany
1985: Muckenthaler Cultural Center, Fullerton, California, USA
1985: Rauma 85 Biennial, Rauma, Finland
1985: Santa Cruz City Museum, Santa Cruz, California, USA
1985: Staatsgalerie Stuttgart, Stuttgart, West Germany
1985: Szepmuveszeti Museum, Budapest, Hungary
1985: University of Colorado Museum, Boulder, Colorado, USA
1986: VII Graphics Triennial, Tallinn, Estonia
1986: Kieler Stadtmuseum, Kiel, West Germany
1988: Indiana University Art Museum, Bloomington, Indiana, USA
1988: Sidney, Australia
1989: Cultural Center, Trento, Italy
1989: VII Graphics Triennial, Tallinn, Estonia
1989: Melbourne, Australia
Selected museum collections
Cremona Foundation, Maryland, USA
Estonian Art Museum, Tallinn, Estonia
Grinnell College, Grinnell, Iowa, USA
Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA
Library of Congress, Washington, D.C., USA
Museum of Art, Tartu, Estonia
Museum of Modern Art, New York, USA
Museum Lodz, Lodz, Poland
Museum Ludwig, Cologne, West Germany
Museum Narodowe We Wroclawiu, Warsaw, Poland
Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow, Russia
Szepmuveszeti Museum, Budapest, Hungary
The Russian Museum, Leningrad, Russia
The Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow, Russia
References
Other references
Malle Leis on Art Net
1940 births
2017 deaths
20th-century Estonian painters
21st-century Estonian painters
20th-century Estonian women artists
21st-century Estonian women artists
People from Viljandi
Estonian printmakers
Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 4th Class
Estonian women painters
Burials at Metsakalmistu
Butte Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon, a tributary of the Pudding River. It is approximately long and, for all of its course, defines part of the northeastern boundary of Marion County and the southern boundary of Clackamas County.
Course
Originating from the Panther Rock Ridge, its source is a remote portion of the Cascade Range designated as Santiam State Forest in Butte Basin, about north of Gates. Butte Basin contains Copper Lake and Butte Lakes at elevation . The stream meanders slightly northwest through steep mountainous and heavily forested terrain for about two-thirds of its length.
It receives Camp Creek from the right at river mile 32.9, then Fill Creek (right, RM 32.6). It turns due west for the next two miles (3 km) and parallels South Gawley Ridge to the north and receives Rhody Creek (left, RM 31.8) which drains Rhody Lake, then Fibre Creek (left, RM 31.3) which drains Fibre Lake. Shortly before resuming a northwesterly course, it receives South Fork (left, RM 30.7). At river mile 29.3 it receives a short unnamed creek from the right at about elevation . Butte Creek turns WSW for about a mile where it receives a two-mile (3 km) long unnamed creek from the left (RM 27.2), Kirk Creek (left, RM 26.8), then turns directly northwest. About a half mile later it drops over Butte Creek Falls, elevation .
Over the next mile, it receives three small creeks all from the right including Looney Creek (RM 25.8). It passes over a gravel bar, then receives three small creeks in succession from the left in a fairly steep forest canyon. Afterward, the canyon widens somewhat, and a small creek which drains an agricultural plateau to the west enters from the left at RM 24.8, followed by Fall Creek (right, RM 23.9) where the canyon becomes a gentle valley. Between RM 20 and 21.3, the creek passes over a succession of sand or gravel bars, and at RM 19.5, the creek turns northward—except for a few small zigzags—for the next . It receives Coal Creek (right, RM 17.5) by which time the creek is surrounded by moderately gentle, hills.
Unnamed creeks enter at RM 16.6 (right), RM 16.3 (left), RM 16.1 (right), RM 15.9 (left), 15.7 (left), 15.6 (right), and 14.8 (right). By this point, the designated state forest is sparse islands and most of the land is agricultural or private forest. An unnamed creek (possibly named Crooked Finger Creek for a road which parallels it) enters at RM 13.2 (left) in an impoundment formed by a dam just east of Scotts Mills.
Unnamed creeks enter at RM 10.8 (left) and RM 10.3 (left) near Jacks Bridge which carries Oregon Route 213 across Butte Creek at RM 10.2 and elevation . For the rest of its course, the creek meanders gently in mild rolling terrain which has hills less than about high. A river gaging station in Monitor is at RM 5.9. An unnamed creek enters from the right at RM 5.4, and the outlet of two reservoirs southeast of Woodburn is carried by an aqueduct entering from the left at RM 2.8. Oregon Route 211 crosses at approximately RM 1.5. Butte Creek enters the Pudding River at the latter's RM 20.1. The Marion/Clackamas County line follows the Pudding River downstream until Arndt Road.
The mouth is about north of Mt. Angel and east of Woodburn at .
See also
List of rivers of Oregon
List of waterfalls in Oregon
References
External links
Pudding River Watershed Council
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Marion County, Oregon
Rivers of Clackamas County, Oregon
Search for Paradise is a 1957 American documentary film shot in Cinerama. It was directed by Otto Lang and produced by Lowell Thomas with distribution by Cinerama Releasing Corp.
Background
In October and November 1956, a Cinerama motion picture Search for Paradise, directed by Otto Lang, and produced by Lowell Thomas, was filmed in part at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, under the working title of Search for Shangri-La. The film "tells the story of a veteran officer, who wants 'out' but finds, after searching the world for a 'Shangrila,' [sic] that the U. S. Air Force is 'it.'"
"Some of the action-packed events captured at Eglin include F-100 'Super Sabres' breaking the sound barrier, in-flight refueling of B-47 'Stratojet' medium bombers, landings and mass fly-bys of the latest operational U. S. Air Force aircraft. Hollywood stunt flyer and combat veteran Paul Mantz, was contracted by Stanley Warner to fly their specially built B-25 in filming a number of aerial sequences . The Cinerama camera can be placed in the nose or tail gunnery slot of the World War II aircraft to film the panorama called for in this latest 'wide-curved' screen production." Release by Stanley Warner, Inc., it was expected in the spring of 1957, according to a news article in The Okaloosa News-Journal, Crestview, Florida, in November 1956.
See also
List of American films of 1957
References
External links
1957 films
1957 documentary films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Mark Picchiotti is an American DJ, producer, remixer and songwriter based out of Chicago, Illinois. As a remixer and producer, Picchiotti has amassed 24 number one singles on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, and they have remixed such artists as Beyoncé, Katy Perry, Mariah Carey, Rihanna, Daft Punk, The Killers, AC/DC, Florence and The Machine, Amy Grant, Foster The People, Michael Jackson, Madonna, Sia, Sybil, Enriqué Iglesias, and Mary J. Blige. In 2002, they produced and co-wrote the Kylie Minogue single “Give It To Me” for their 8x-Platinum album Fever. Picchiotti was also voted one of the 40 most influential remixers of all time by UK publication Blues & Soul Magazine. Their DJ residencies at nightclubs in their hometown of Chicago have included Shelter, Smartbar, Berlin, Crobar, and Medusa's; as well as UK nightclubs Ministry of Sound (London) and Hard Times (Leeds). They continue to travel the globe performing at notable clubs such as Pacha (Portugal) and El Divino (Ibiza). They have also headlined the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras festival and DJed its infamous daytime after-party Laneway.
Mark Picchiotti owns and operates the imprint Blueplate Records, home to their own acts Basstoy, Sandstorm, Fondue, and Streetlife. Picchiotti is also a member of several dance music duos: The Absolute, Nightman, and Doctorz, MD. Mark Picchiotti's music has been described as house, gospel house, soulful house, and progressive house. Additionally, Billboard Magazine says of Mark's music, “His ear for soulful rhythm is matched by a knack for sweet pop melody construction.” In the 1990s, their work with Suzanne Palmer, “There Will Come A Day” and the follow-up single “I Believe”, earned Picchiotti the mantle “Godfather of Gospel House” by music journalists.
Biography
Mark Picchiotti first rose to prominence in 1991 when they produced fellow Chicago artist LaTour's eponymous debut album, spawning the controversial Top 40 hit single “People Are Still Having Sex”. This song would become Picchiotti's first production to reach #1 on Billboard Dance, and it was used by American figure skater Tonya Harding in their program at the 1992 Winter Olympics. LaTour's album also featured “Blue”, a song used in the iconic film Basic Instinct (starring Sharon Stone).
In 1994, using the alias Streetlife, Picchiotti first collaborated with gospel house singer Dana Divine on the song “Love Breakdown”, released on Tribal America Records. As a result of that successful pairing, Dana was featured on one of Mark's biggest productions, “Runnin'” by Basstoy. The single reached #13 on the UK Singles Chart, #1 on the UK Club chart, and #3 on Billboard Dance Club Songs. Dana was again featured on the follow-up single “Turn It Up”, which also saw worldwide success, reaching #1 on Billboard Dance, #1 on the UK's Upfront Music Chart, and #1 on the DMC World Music Chart, and securing a spot as Billboard's #3 club song of the year.
In 1995, Mark Picchiotti began working with Craig Snider and acclaimed dance music vocalist Suzanne Palmer, spawning “There Will Come A Day” and “I Believe” under the name The Absolute. Regarding their collaboration, Palmer recounts, “As I did more performing, I began to sing commercials for radio and TV, and I came to the attention of Mark Picchiotti, a house music producer from Chicago and their music collaborator, Craig Snider, a jingle writer and producer.” They continue, “That's how I got my break in dance music.”
In 1997, Picchiotti DJed the release party for Janet Jackon's album Velvet Rope at Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, CA. That same year, Mark started their own dance music record label, Blueplate Records, on which numerous Billboard-charting and critically-acclaimed projects have been released. Notable signings to Blueplate include:
Bebe Zahara Benet (the season one winner of RuPaul's Drag Race)
Kylie Minogue
Basstoy (whose songs "Magic" and "Turn It Up" reached #1 on Billboard, among other charting hits)
Alec Sun Drae
Sybil
Ralphi Rosario (whose tracks “Everybody Shakes It” and “C'mon Get Funky” reached #1 and #2 on Billboard, respectively)
Eric Kupper & Peyton
Blueplate Allstars
Deep Influence
Sandstorm
Mark's own gospel act The Absolute featuring dance diva Suzanne Palmer
1998 marked the beginning of Mark's affiliation with Strictly Rhythm, an iconic American dance record label, with a production and distribution deal for physical CDs and vinyl. They also began working with the UK-based duo Lighthouse Family. After having gained the band's respect with their remix of their track “Raincloud”, Mark was asked to work with the band on their following album. Subsequently, they were asked to DJ the Lighthouse Family world tour wrap party in Newcastle, England.
In 1999, Mark was approached by Parlophone/EMI to produce a track for UK-based pop singer Kylie Minogue on their then-upcoming album Light Years. As a result, Picchiotti produced the 2000 club hit “Butterfly” (#14 on Billboard Dance), and they negotiated a deal which allowed them to commission an accompanying remix EP and release it under their Blueplate imprint as a limited run. Their work with Minogue continued, and they produced and co-wrote the single “Give It To Me” for their 8x-Platinum album Fever, released in 2002. They also remixed Kylie's 2008 single “All I See” and their 2013 single “Skirt”.
In 2004, while continuing to balance their roles as a DJ and remixer, Mark signed the Leeds-based act Jersey St. and produced their single “Love Will be Our Guide”, released on Defected Records.
In 2009, Picchiotti accepted the request to be the official DJ for reality TV show RuPaul's Drag Race Winner's Tour, sponsored by Absolut Vodka. Mark signed season one winner Bebe Zahara Benet and produced three of their singles; “I'm The Sh*t”, “Cameroon”, and “Dirty Drums”, all of which were Blueplate releases. Mark toured with the show again following its second season.
The same year, Mark formed a joint venture with the renowned record label Strictly Rhythm, establishing a 50/50 partnership called Blueplate Global. 2009 was also the year that Picchiotti collaborated with UK artist Alec Sun Drae to produce the single “Feel Like Singin'”, a Blueplate Global release. The two continued their collaboration in 2010 when Mark produced the single “Let The Music Guide You”. Later, Mark produced Matt Zarley's LP Change Begins With Me, which won Outmusic Awards' Album of the Year in 2012. The title track won Outmusic Awards' Single of the Year and Rightout TV's Best Song So Far that same year. Commercially, it was an international success; the release spent four weeks at #1 on Eurochart, and two songs from the album, “WTF” and “Trust Me”, charted on Billboard Dance.
In 2013, Mark continued to remix releases from high-profile artists, including the Daft Punk single “Get Lucky” and Enriqué Iglasias' “Turn The Night Up”, both reaching #1 on Billboard Dance. In 2014, Mark produced the dance version of Amy Grant's “Better Than A Hallelujah”, which was released as a single and was also featured on their album In Motion: The Remixes. Most recently, Picchiotti made a deal with Defected Records for several of their back-catalog titles; their 1998 track “Pump The Boogie” was included as the title track on their Glitterbox compilation of the same name.
2020 was a banner year for Picchiotti. They produced a remix for “Pump The Boogie”, which was released on Glitterbox/Defected, and they collaborated with vocalist Kenyata White to produce the disco single “Love is the Message” (released on Quantize Recordings). In addition, they worked with artist Javi Star (also known as Weezy, the coach of the Phoenix Suns Solar Squad) and their brother, Amani Jae, producing the R&B-influenced track “I Got You”, which was released on the storied Studio 54. Marking their 25-year-long collaborative relationship with dance diva Suzanne Palmer, Mark also produced the disco single “Love Reaction”, a Nervous Records release.
Discography
Remixes
Productions
See also
List of artists who reached number one on the U.S. Dance chart
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Club DJs
American DJs
Record producers from Illinois
Musicians from Chicago
Remixers
Electronic dance music DJs
Chizkiyahu Nebenzahl is the current Rabbi of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Nebenzahl is the youngest son of Rabbi Avigdor Nebenzahl, the previous Rabbi of the Old City. They also serve on the faculty of Yeshivat Netiv Aryeh.
References
External links
Kollel Kotel
Haredi rabbis in Israel
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Edward White Patterson (October 4, 1895 – March 6, 1940) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas from 1935 to 1939.
Background
Born in Pittsburg, Kansas, Patterson attended local public schools. During the First World War, they served as a sergeant in the 35th Division, American Expeditionary Forces, from May 1917 to March 1919.
After the war, they attended the University of Chicago at Chicago, Illinois. They graduated from the law department of the University of Kansas at Lawrence in 1922, and was admitted to the bar the same year, commencing practice in Pittsburg, Kansas. They served as prosecuting attorney of Crawford County, Kansas from 1926 to 1928.
Congress
Patterson was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Congresses (January 3, 1935 – January 3, 1939). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938 to the Seventy-sixth Congress. They resumed the practice of law in Pittsburg, Kansas, until their death in Weir, Kansas on March 6, 1940. They were buried in Highland Park Cemetery, Pittsburg, Kansas.
References
1895 births
1940 deaths
United States Army soldiers
University of Kansas School of Law alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
People from Pittsburg, Kansas
Harold Meyer Phillips (15 December 1874 – 7 January 1967) was an American chess player and chess life organizer.
Biography
Harold Meyer Phillips was a lawyer by profession. In 1903, they won Manhattan Chess Club Championship. In the first half of the 20th century Harold Meyer Phillips was one of the leading organizers of American chess life. They were the organizer and director of the great New York Tournament (1924), President of the Manhattan Chess Club in the 1930s, President of the Marshall Chess Club, President of the Intercollegiate Chess League.
Harold Meyer Phillips played for the United States in the Chess Olympiad:
In 1930, at third board in the 3rd Chess Olympiad in Hamburg (+0, =1, -1).
They played in chess tournaments for over 70 years.
References
External links
Harold Meyer Phillips chess games at 365chess.com
1874 births
1967 deaths
American chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
Chess officials
Trachygonidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 28 or 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Acrochordum Attems, 1899
Gottscheeosoma Verhoeff, 1927
Halleinosoma Verhoeff, 1913
Heteracrochordum Loksa, 1960
Trachygona Cook, 1895
Trachysoma
References
Chordeumatida
Audrey Cefaly is an American playwright.
Career highlights
Cefaly is a recipient of the 2017 Lambda Literary Award in the category of LGBTQ Drama (The Gulf), the 2016 Edgerton Foundation New American Play Award (The Gulf), and the 2017 David Calicchio Emerging American Playwright Prize. In January 2020 their play Alabaster was nominated for the Pulitzer by Florida Repertory Theatre.
Alabaster
Cefaly's play Alabaster won the 2017 David Calicchio Emerging American Playwright Prize from Marin Theatre Company. In January 2020 the play embarked on a record-breaking 11-city National New Play Network Rolling World Premiere and was subsequently nominated for the Pulitzer by Florida Repertory Theatre.
The Gulf
Cefaly's play The Gulf won the 40th Annual Samuel French OOB Festival. Its full length adaptation received its world premiere at Signature Theatre, Arlington, VA, in September 2016 (directed by Joe Calarco). In 2017, it was nominated for the Charles MacArthur Award for Outstanding Original New Play or Musical (Helen Hayes Awards) and in 2018, the play won the Lambda Literary Award in the category of LGBTQ Drama.
Love is a Blue Tick Hound
Cefaly's collection Love is a Blue Tick Hound is a collection of four one-acts (The Gulf, Fin & Euba, Clean and Stuck) and is published by Samuel French. It received its world premiere at Terrific New Theatre in Birmingham, AL, in of December 2016.
Maytag Virgin
In October 2015, Cefaly directed the world premiere of their Southern drama Maytag Virgin as part of the inaugural Women's Voices Theatre Festival.
The Last Wide Open
In February 2019, Cefaly's musical play The Last Wide Open (music by Matthew Nielson) received its world premiere at Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park.
Plays
Alabaster
The Gulf
Maytag Virgin
Love is a Blue Tick Hound
The Last Wide Open
Awards
Nomination: 2020 Pulitzer Prize
Winner: 2018 Lambda Literary Award for LGBTQ Drama (The Gulf)
Winner: 2017 David Calicchio Emerging American Playwright Prize (Alabaster)
Nominee: 2017 Charles MacArthur Award for Outstanding Original New Play or Musical (Helen Hayes Awards) (The Gulf)
Recipient: 2015 Edgerton New American Play Award (The Gulf)
Publications
Alabaster
Maytag Virgin
The Gulf
Love is a Blue Tick Hound (includes one-acts):
The Gulf
Fin & Euba
Clean
Stuck
Off Off Broadway Festival Plays, 40th Series
Best American Short Plays 2014-2015
Best American Short Plays 2004-2005
References
External links
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Writers from Alabama
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
Place of birth missing (living people)
Lambda Literary Award for Drama winners
American women dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ronnie Apteker (born ) is a South African internet pioneer, writer and film producer.
Early life
Ronnie Apteker was born in Cape Town, South Africa, and attended high school and University of the Witwatersrand, from where they graduated cum laude with an M.Sc. in computer science.
Business career
In 1993, Apteker co-founded Internet Solutions, South Africa's first Internet service Provider (ISP) in 1993. It became a successful post-apartheid business, winning numerous technology awards. Apteker has written a number of papers, published both locally and internationally. In February 1994, they presented a paper in San Jose, California, on Distributed Multimedia to the International Society for Optical Engineering. This paper was subsequently published in the SPIE/IEEE Proceedings.
In 2002, Apteker sponsored and produced the Laugh Out Loud fundraiser, South Africa's largest stand-up comedy TV show. It raised half a million Rand for the Reach for a Dream foundation.
Apteker is a partner in the video games company Room 8 Studio, which developed games such as Piano City and Cyto's Puzzle Adventure.
Apteker became an advisor at 10Guards in Kyiv, in December 2018.
Apteker has some IT investments and is currently involved with PYGIO.
As a recognized business leader and speaker they have appeared at the Discovery Leadership alongside others such as Sir Richard Branson, Tony Blair and Al Gore
Books
Ronnie Apteker's Funny Business: the Secrets of an Accidental Entrepreneur, Zebra Press, 2010
Do You Love IT in the Morning?, Apteker, Ronnie & Ord, Jeremy, Media Africa & the Publishing Partnership, 1999
Trading Spaces: Exploring Internet Solutions, Apteker, Ronnie, Intelligence Publishing, 1996
Film Production
Since 2000, Apteker has been one of the leading independent film producers in South Africa. Their films include Material, Tell Me Sweet Something and Cold Harbour. Etc. etc. Despite critical and popular acclaim within South Africa, some of the films have failed to find the wider international acclaim that many feel they deserve. Apteker's involvement in the South African comedy club scene has led to several comedians appearing in their films, most notably Riaad Moosa, Joey Rasdien and Vincent Ebrahim from the BBC's The Kumars at No. 42 who appeared in the film Material.
2022 57 (producer)
2020 Courting Anathi (executive producer)
2020 Material II (producer)
2019 Matwetwe (executive producer)
2018 Feedom (executive producer)
2017 Catching Feelings (executive producer)
2016 Vaya (producer)
2016 Beyond The River (producer)
2015 Tell Me Sweet Something (producer)
2015 Tiger House (producer)
2013 Cold Harbour (producer)
2013 Nothing for Mahala (executive producer)
2012 Sleeper's Wake (executive producer)
2012 Material (producer)
2008 Reeker 2 (executive producer)
2008 Gangster's Paradise: Jerusalema (executive producer)
2007 Footskating 101 (producer)
2005 Out on a Limb (executive producer)
2005 Crazy Monkey presents...Straight Outta Benoni (producer)
2005 The Flyer (executive producer)
2005 Reeker (executive producer)
2003 Laugh Out Loud (TV Movie) (executive producer)
2002 Purpose (producer - as Ronen Apteker)
References
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
1967 births
People from Cape Town
Living people
South African film producers
Giannis Dermitzakis (; born 5 November 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Ergotelis F.C. players
OFI Crete F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Heraklion
Elaine Nekritz (born December 11, 1957) is an American attorney and politician. They served as a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 57th District from 2001 to 2017. They were formerly the Democratic Committeeman of Northfield Township, Illinois.
Prior to their election as representative of the 57th district, Nekritz was a member of the law firm of Altheimer and Gray, working as a real estate attorney and later becoming a partner with the firm. They also worked as legislative aide to Jeffrey Schoenberg, now the state senator for the 9th District, while they served as the state representative of the 58th District.
Nekritz was born and raised in Wichita, Kansas. They currently reside in Northbrook, Illinois, with their husband, Barry.
Issues
Representative Nekritz co-sponsored SB-1; a plan that amended state employee pension plans by drastically reducing the constitutionally protected benefits of Illinois state employees in retirement. The Illinois Supreme Court ultimately found these legislative changes to be unconstitutional.
As the Illinois Supreme Court ruling stated: "These modifications to pension benefits unquestionably diminish the value of the retirement annuities the members…were promised when they joined the pension system. Accordingly, based on the plain language of the Act, these annuity-reducing provisions contravene the pension protection clause's absolute prohibition against diminishment of pension benefits and exceed the General Assembly's authority."
High-speed rail
Nekritz is the Chair of the Midwest Interstate Passenger Rail Commission and advocates building numerous high-speed rail lines in Illinois, including one from Chicago to Detroit. See written testimony before the Rail Subcommittee of the U.S. House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee April 20, 2010 (pdf).
Retirement Announced
On June 16, 2017, Nekritz announced that they will not be seeking re-election to their position. On October 3, 2017, Nekritz was replaced by Jonathan Carroll.
References
External links
Representative Elaine Nekritz (D) 57th District Illinois General Assembly
By session: 98th, 97th, 96th, 95th, 94th, 93rd
State Representative Elaine Nekritz constituency site
Rep. Elaine Nekritz at Illinois House Democrats
2012 candidate questionnaire at the Daily Herald (Arlington Heights)
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Jewish American state legislators in Illinois
1957 births
Living people
Women state legislators in Illinois
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Illinois Democrats
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Paeonia ostii is a hardy shrub in the peony family, Paeoniaceae. It can be found in the Gansu, Anhui, Shaanxi and Henan provinces of China. It can reach heights of 1.5 m with grey-brown bark and lance shaped leaflets. Flowers are produced in mid-spring, up to 15 cm across, and pure white without basal blotches. The flowers can sometimes be faintly tinged with pink.
This species is the parent of two medicinal varieties of tree peonies. 'Feng Dan Bai' (Phoenix White) and 'Feng Dan Fen' (Phoenix Pink) are grown for the bark of their roots which is used as an antispasmodic throughout Asia.
References
ostii
Flora of China
Plants described in 1992
Laiphognathus multimaculatus, the spotty blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific and Indian Oceans. It can reach a maximum length of SL, and is a commercial aquarium fish.
References
multimaculatus
Fish described in 1955
The Cuban green woodpecker (Xiphidiopicus percussus) is a species of woodpecker in the family Picidae and tribe Melanerpini, known locally in Cuban Spanish as carpintero verde (literally "green woodpecker"). It is the only species within the genus Xiphidiopicus and is one of two woodpeckers endemic to Cuba. It is the most widespread and common woodpecker in Cuba, inhabiting primarily woodlands, as well as dry and wet forests, pine forests and mangroves. The population of the Cuban green woodpecker is stable and its status is listed as "The Least Concern".
Appearance
A medium-sized and colorful bird, the Cuban green woodpecker is similar to a sapsucker in general shape and size. Featuring olive green overparts and yellow, streaked underparts, the Cuban green woodpecker usually appears crested, and features a bright red upper breast, as well as a black chin contrasting a white face and supercilium. In males, a red crown is present, while females possess black crowns with white stripes. The area around the cloaca, or the crissum, is yellow with black barring.
Its beak is short and straight with a progressively darkening coloration, from dark blue to black from base to tip dark blue to black coloration. They have been shown to have brown irises and grayish green tarsi and toes
Cuban green woodpeckers show slight sexually dimorphic qualities; females have shorter bills and are generally significantly smaller than their male counterparts. Juveniles will show more barring and streaking on their breasts and lack the depth of color adults have in their plumage.
They typically measure between in length and weigh approximately .
Taxonomy
The Cuban green woodpecker as a species is unique in both genetics and appearance. Historically, it was presumed that the Cuban green woodpecker (Xiphidiopicus percussus), and the Hispaniolan woodpecker (Melanerpes striatus) were sister taxa and there was speculation that it had relationships to the genera Sphyrapicus and Melanerpes. According to research done in 2006, "X. percussus is the sister taxon to the Melanerpes woodpeckers, which appear to group into a single distinct clade." It was also found that Xiphidiopicus percussus is not the sister taxon to M. striatus and that the genus Sphyrapicus diverged earlier than Xiphidiopicus, which diverged during the late Miocene-early Pliocene, and originated in Central America or North America.
In terms of appearance, no other Cuban species of woodpecker unmarked green upperparts. The Yellow-bellied Sapsucker (Sphyrapicus varius) is similar in coloration and also has a facial pattern that is reminiscent to that of Cuban green woodpecker; however, the sapsucker's upperparts are white and black and has a broad black band across its breast.
Subspecies
The species can be divided into the following subspecies, with only two being formerly recognized:
X.p. insulaepinorum - found in the Cantiles Keys and Archipiélago Jardines de la Reina (Cayo Caballones).
X.p. percussus - found on the archipelagos of Sabana and Camagüey
X.p. cocoensis
X.p. gloriae
X.p. marthae
X.p. monticola
Habitat and distribution
The Cuban green woodpecker is only found in Cuba, but is extremely common on the island. Its natural habitats are wet and dry forests, mangroves, open woodland with palms, and pine forests, lowland moist forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Behavior
The Cuban green woodpecker is found most frequently in pairs, and less frequently in small groups. It is able to remain completely still for long periods and will forage for dead insects on dead limbs at any height within its habitat. They are very territorial, especially during breeding season, and use active vocalization, utilizing both drumming and vocal signals, and active pursuit, pursuing threats while flicking their wings, in order deter intruders in their nests, which is usually the West Indian Woodpecker (Melanerpes superciliaris).
Similarly to all other woodpeckers, its flight is undulating.
Vocalizations
Calls and songs
The Cuban green woodpecker's call is a short, harsh "jhhhorr, jhhhorr, jhhhorr," as well as a higher pitched "yeh-yeh-yeh." The call is usually single noted with double notes occasionally being uttered.
It may sometimes produce a slurred, two-note call “ta-ha”, which is similar to the Yellow-bellied Sapsucker (Sphyrapicus varius)'s call. It will use its call mostly while protecting nest and chicks from intruder.
Diet
The Cuban green woodpecker's is primarily an insectivore, focusing on large insects, but will also consume fruits and small frogs occasionally. It has also been documented taking eggs of other birds such as herons nesting in mangroves. It will also feed on flower nectar, especially Cordia Sebestena. While perching itself on the plant or on a nearby branch to reach the flowers, it will insert its bill into the floral tube to drink the nectar for a few seconds, by doing so its bill will come into contact with anthers and stigma inside the floral tube, making the bird then act as a pollinator.
Males and females utilize different ways to exploit food sources, as the male is larger than the female.
Reproduction
Courtship
There is very little known about the courtship of the Cuban green woodpecker. Usually, woodpeckers perform flutter-aerial-display including a gliding flight with wings held well above the back, accompanied by calls. Courtship feeding by male to female most likely occurs as well. They are probably monogamous.
Breeding season, nesting and hatching
Cuban green woodpeckers will nest in the cavities of tree, alive or dead, often 4–5 metres above the ground. The male will usually do most of the excavation for the nest-hole, and will endure the nesting duties with a relatively high contribution. The breeding season takes place between February and August, with peak in May–June, probably associated with rains. The female will lay 3-4 white eggs and both adults share the incubation, which is presumed to be between 9 and 14 days, however more information is currently lacking, and feed the chicks, with the females feeding the nestlings at a higher rate. The chicks are hatched completely naked and stay in the nest for about 3–4 weeks. They are sexually mature in the first year of life.
References
External links
Cuban green woodpecker
Endemic birds of Cuba
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the West Indies
Cuban green woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Coenraad Jacob Temminck
Dorcadion theophilei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1898. It is known from Turkey.
References
theophilei
Beetles described in 1898
Bridges is a hamlet in mid Cornwall, England, UK, close to Luxulyan on the edge of the St Austell china clay district.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Friend is the special album released in 2002 by S.E.S. It is S.E.S.'s last album to be released in South Korea before going inactive, and then officially disbanding in the following year. The album was also released in some parts of Asia, including the Philippines, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
It contained one original song, the single "S.II.S (Soul To Soul)", but it was not promoted by the group.
The record has sold approximately 95,000 copies.
Track listing
Intro (Dear My Friend)
편지 (The Letter)
S.II.S (Soul To Soul)
Season In Love
샤랄라 (Sha La La) -Remix-
너를 사랑해 (I Love You) -Remix-
Love Game
Happiness
꿈을 모아서 (Just In Love) -Remix-
Choose My Life -Remix-
S.II.S (Soul To Soul) -Instrumental-
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
2002 greatest hits albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
SM Entertainment compilation albums
6-carboxytetrahydropterin synthase (, CPH4 synthase, queD (gene), ToyB , ykvK (gene)) is an enzyme with systematic name 7,8-dihydroneopterin 3'-triphosphate acetaldehyde-lyase (6-carboxy-5,6,7,8-tetrahydropterin and triphosphate-forming). This enzyme catalyses the following reversible chemical reaction.
7,8-dihydroneopterin 3′-triphosphate + H2O 6-carboxy-5,6,7,8-tetrahydropterin + acetaldehyde + triphosphate
This enzyme binds Zn2+. It is isolated from the bacteria Bacillus subtilis and Escherichia coli. The stimulation is part of the biosynthesis pathway of queuosine. The enzyme from Escherichia coli can also convert 6-pyruvoyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydropterin and sepiapterin to 6-carboxy-5,6,7,8-tetrahydropterin.
References
External links
EC 4.1.2
Bowling competitions at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto were held from July 22 to 25 at the Planet Bowl (Pan Am I Bowling Centre), due to naming rights the venue was known as the latter for the duration of the games. A total of four events were contested (two each for men and women).
During the men's doubles event Canadian bowler François Lavoie scored a perfect game in the fifth round, the first in Pan American Games history.
Competition schedule
The following is the competition schedule for the bowling competitions:
Medal table
Medalists
Participation
A total of 15 countries have qualified athletes. The number of athletes a nation has entered is in parentheses beside the name of the country.
Qualification
A total of 56 bowlers will qualify to compete at the Games. Each country is allowed to enter a maximum of two male and two female athletes. Each gender has a quota of 14 nations (28 bowlers) for a total of 56 athletes.
References
Events at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Games
2015
Robison Glacier is a broad tributary glacier flowing northwest along the north side of La Gorce Mountains to enter Scott Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains. It was discovered in December 1934 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Quin Blackburn, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Commander Layton E. Robison, a pilot with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 during Operation Deep Freeze 1964, 1965 and 1966.
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Michael Tippett's Symphony No. 4 was written in 1977 as a commission for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, who premiered it on 6 October of that year under the baton of Georg Solti. It was dedicated to Tippett's biographer and friend, Ian Kemp.
Form
It is written in one movement divided into seven sections:
Introduction and exposition
Development 1
Slow movement
Development 2
Scherzo and trios
Development 3
Recapitulation
In terms of form, it combines sonata and fantasia forms, as well as that of the symphonic poem.
Tippett's periods
Tippett called the work "a birth to death piece". This is emphasized by a "breathing effect", either from tape or sampler, particularly prominent at the beginning and the end of the symphony, with a single, unaccompanied intake of breath as its conclusion.
Stylistically, the Fourth Symphony unites all previous stylistic tendencies in Tippett's work: the counterpoint and gentle lyricism of their first creative period and the angular, spiky modernism of their second period, thus creating a third and final period. Tippett quotes the opening of this Symphony in their Piano Sonata No. 4.
Instrumentation
Tippett's score calls for a large orchestra consisting of:
2 flutes (both doubling piccolos), 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon
6 horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, 2 tubas
timpani, Percussion (requires 4 players): snare drum, tenor drum, bass drum, tom-toms, cymbals, wood block, triangle, xylophone, marimba, vibraphone, glockenspiel, tubular bells, maracas, claves
harp, piano, tape or sampler (breathing effect)
strings
References
Further reading
Lange, Art (December 1977). "Tippett's Fourth Symphony." Tempo, no. 123, pp. 53–54.
Tippett Symphony No. 4
Compositions by Michael Tippett
1977 compositions
Jeffrey A. Taylor is the former interim United States Attorney for the District of Columbia.  They are a graduate of Stanford University and Harvard Law School.
Career
Prior to their work in Washington, DC, Jeffrey Taylor served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of California from 1995–1999. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Taylor served as majority counsel on the Senate Judiciary Committee where they advised Chairman Orrin Hatch and drafted provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act.
Before their appointment as U.S. Attorney, Mr. Taylor served as Counselor to Attorneys General John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzales from 2002 to 2006 where they oversaw law enforcement operations by U.S. attorneys. They were appointed interim U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia by Alberto Gonzales on September 22, 2006 and was sworn in seven days later; interim U.S. attorneys do not need to be confirmed by the Senate. Interim U.S. attorneys have no term limit, as a result of an amendment to the law governing interim attorneys included in the USA Patriot Reauthorization Act of 2005; formerly interim appointees had a 120-day term limit, and could be re-appointed (without term limit) at the end of the 120-day term by the chief judge of the district court. On May 28, 2009, Taylor announced their resignation. It has been reported that they will join Ernst & Young.
U.S. Attorneys controversy
Mr. Taylor's position came under heightened interest in March 2007 during the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. On March 20, 2007, President Bush declared in a press conference that White House staff would not testify under oath on the matter if subpoenaed by Congress. One who ignores a Congressional subpoena can be held in contempt of Congress, but the D.C. U.S. Attorney must convene a grand jury to start the prosecution of this crime.
Under , once either the House or the Senate issues a citation for contempt of Congress, it is referred to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, "whose duty it shall be to bring the matter before the grand jury for its action." It is unclear (as of March 20, 2007) whether Mr. Taylor would fulfill this duty to convene a grand jury, or resist Congress at the direction of Bush or Gonzales.
References
Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy
Stanford University alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
United States Department of Justice lawyers
United States Attorneys for the District of Columbia
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
José Patrocinio Jiménez Bautista (born 17 January 1953) is a Colombian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in four editions of the Tour de France and three editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1974
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
6th Overall Vuelta a Venezuela
8th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Young rider classification
1975
2nd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1976
1st Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 9
1st Overall Clásico RCN
1st Stage 2
1st Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
1st Mountains classification
1st Points classification
1st Stages 2, 7, 8 & 12
1977
1st Overall Vuelta al Táchira
1st Stage 2
1st Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
1st Mountains classification
1st Stages 2, 4 & 8
2nd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
2nd Overall Clásico RCN
1978
1st Overall Vuelta a Cundinamarca
1st Points classification
1st Stage 2
2nd Overall Vuelta al Táchira
1st Mountains classification
1st Points classification
1st Stage 5
2nd Overall Vuelta Ciclista de Chile
1st Mountains classification
6th Overall Clásico RCN
1979
2nd Overall Clásico RCN
1st Mountains classification
2nd Overall Vuelta Ciclista de Chile
1st Stage 3
3rd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 7
1980
1st Overall Vuelta a Antioquia
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 1
2nd Overall Vuelta a Boyacá
1st Mountains classification
1st Stages 3 & 4
3rd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Mountains classification
3rd Overall Coors Classic
6th Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1st Stage 7
7th Overall Clásico RCN
1st Mountains classification
1981
1st Overall Vuelta a Cundinamarca
2nd Overall GP Tell
1st Stages 6a & 6b
3rd Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 8
4th Overall Clásico RCN
5th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 10
1982
1st Overall Coors Classic
1st Stages 3 & 6
1st Overall Vuelta a Antioquia
3rd Overall Vuelta Ciclista de Chile
1st Stage 2
4th Overall Clásico RCN
1st Stage 9
5th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1983
1st Overall Vuelta a Cundinamarca
3rd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
4th Overall Clásico RCN
1984
2nd Subida al Naranco
6th Trofeo Masferrer
7th Overall Vuelta a España
8th Subida a Urkiola
9th Overall Volta a Catalunya
1985
6th Overall Escalada a Montjuïc
1986
1st Stage 4b Vuelta a Boyacá
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
, also known by and their Chinese style name , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Prince Yuntanza was the second son of King Shō Kei, and was a full-brother of King Shō Boku. They were given Yuntanza magiri (, modern Yomitan) as their hereditary fief, and established a new royal family: Yuntanza Udun ().
Prince Yuntanza was dispatched together with Wakugawa Chōkyō (, also known by Shō Hōten ) in 1764 to celebrate Tokugawa Ieharu succeeded as shōgun of the Tokugawa shogunate. They sailed back in the next year.
They served as sessei from 1770 to 1785. They were good at Ryūka and was designated as a member of the .
References
|-
1745 births
1811 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
18th-century Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
The 2020–21 season will be Újpest FC's 140th competitive season, 129th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 128th year in existence as a football club.
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Source:
Competitions
Overview
Nemzeti Bajnokság I
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Hungarian Cup
Appearances and goals
Last updated on 20 December 2020.
|-
|colspan="14"|Youth players:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players no longer at the club:
|}
Top scorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Last updated on 20 December 2020
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Last updated on 20 December 2020
Clean sheets
Last updated on 20 December 2020
References
External links
Official Website
UEFA
Fixtures and results
Újpest FC seasons
Hungarian football clubs 2020–21 season
Ringer Glacier () is a glacier, long, heading on the northeast flank of Saint Johns Range and flowing northeast to Miller Glacier, Victoria Land. Named in association with the distinctive ring-shaped moraine at its mouth, The Ringer (). The name first appeared on a 1961 New Zealand map; approved by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1995.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
80 metres hurdles
300 metres hurdles
2000 meters steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
This is a list of Wikipedia science and technology articles by continent.
Africa
History of science and technology in Africa
North Africa
Science and technology in Algeria
Science and technology in Morocco
West Africa
Science and technology in Cabo Verde
Central Africa
East Africa
Science and technology in Malawi
Science and technology in Tanzania
Science and technology in Uganda
Science and technology in Zimbabwe
Southern Africa
Science and technology in Botswana
Science and technology in South Africa
Asia
Central Asia
Eastern Asia
History of science and technology in China
Science and technology of the Han Dynasty
Science and technology of the Song Dynasty
Song Dynasty technology, science, and engineering
Science and technology of the Tang Dynasty
Science and technology in China
History of science and technology in Japan
Science and technology in Japan
History of science and technology in Korea
Southern Asia
History of science and technology in the Indian subcontinent
Science and technology in the Republic of India
Science and technology in India
Science and technology in Pakistan
Southeastern Asia
Science and technology in Indonesia
Science and technology in Malaysia
Thailand National Science and Technology Development Agency
Science and technology in the Philippines
Western Asia
Science and technology in Armenia
Science and technology in Israel
Science and technology in Iran
Iran Science and technology
Science and technology in Turkey
Timeline of science and engineering in the Islamic world
Science in the medieval Islamic world
Inventions of the Islamic Golden Age
Arab Agricultural Revolution
Science and Technology in the Ottoman Empire
Europe
Science and technology in Europe
Eastern Europe
Science and technology in Bulgaria
Timeline of Polish science and technology
Science and technology in Romania
Science and technology in Russia
Timeline of Russian inventions and technology records
Science and technology in the Soviet Union
Science and technology in Ukraine
Northern Europe
Science and technology in the United Kingdom
Southern Europe
Science and technology in Albania
Science and technology in Italy
Science and technology in Portugal
Western Europe
Science and technology in Belgium
Science and technology in Brussels
Science and technology in Flanders
Science and technology in France
Science and technology in Germany
Science and technology in Switzerland
North America
Science and technology in Canada
Bibliography of science and technology in Canada
Science and technology in Jamaica
History of science and technology in Mexico
Science and technology in the United States
Oceania
South America
Science and technology in Argentina
Brazilian science and technology
Science and technology in Colombia
Science and technology in Venezuela
See also
History of science and technology
List of years in science
Science, technology and society
External links
"Featured articles about science and technology." The Economic Times
Science and technology by continent
Science and technology articles
Pierre Cureau de la Chambre (20 December 1640, Paris – 15 April 1693, Paris) was a French churchman.
Biography
Son of the doctor Marin Cureau de la Chambre and brother of François Cureau de La Chambre, they were struck down with deafness and had to abandon their medical studies. They travelled to Italy and became friends with the sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini and the art historian Carlo Cesare Malvasia. They studied theology and in 1664 they published a collection of their father's works and attended the salon of the marquise de Sablé. A protégé of Colbert and a friend of Colbert's father chancelier Séguier, who had held them at their christening, they were elected to their father's seat in the Académie française in 1670. Around 1668, they became curé of the parish of Saint-Barthélémy in Paris. They died in the famine of 1693, during which they ran out of food trying to help the poorest of their parishioners.
La Chambre had a scholarly reputation and corresponded with Pierre de Fermat, but the only written works they left were panegyrics and funerary orations for Theresa of Avila, Bernini, Maria Theresa of Spain, Pierre Séguier, Rose de Sainte-Marie de Lima, Charles Borromeo and saint Louis.
External links
Académie française
1640 births
1693 deaths
Members of the Académie Française
Jean-Marie Poitras, (September 5, 1918 – February 27, 2009) was a Canadian senator.
Biography
Born in Macamic, Quebec, they were appointed to the Senate in 1988 representing the senatorial division of De Salaberry, Quebec. They resigned on May 25, 1993, just short of their 75th birthday and mandatory retirement. They were a member of the Progressive Conservative caucus.
In 1970, they were made an Officer of the Order of Canada for their work with Scouts Canada. In 1994, they were made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec.
See also
List of Quebec senators
External links
1918 births
2009 deaths
Canadian senators from Quebec
Officers of the National Order of Quebec
Officers of the Order of Canada
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada senators
People from Abitibi-Témiscamingue
Vadim Sergeievich Demidov (; born 10 October 1986) is a Norwegian retired international footballer who played as a central defender.
Early life
Demidov was born in Riga, Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union, and is of Russian ethnicity. Their father is handball player Sergei Demidov (1961-2020), who played internationally for the Soviet Union and later became a coach in Norway; the family moved to Sandefjord in 1989.
As a youngster, Demidov played both football and handball for Runar and was a big talent in both sports. When they were 15 their father told them that they had to choose between the two sports, and Demidov decided to quit handball; in an interview with FHM in 2011, they claimed that they could have been one of the top three handballers in the world if they had continued playing handball, but that they did not want to walk in their father's footsteps.
Club career
Demidov turned professional in 2004 when they joined Sandefjord Fotball, and made their debut for the club in the First Division when they came on as a substitute for Magne Sturød after 87 minutes in the opening match of the 2004 season against Hødd. Demidov was then injured for a year and after spending the second half of the 2005 campaign on loan at 2. divisjon side Fram Larvik, they returned to Sandefjord who had won promotion to the Tippeligaen, with the team subsequently telling the player that the best thing for them would be to join another club.
Demidov spent the 2006 season on loan with Manglerud Star when the club was relegated from the First Division. Ahead of the 2006 season, they lacked motivation to continue with football, but later stated that the year with Manglerud Star was the turning point in their career.
Demidov joined Hønefoss for the 2007 campaign, despite being wanted by top flight's Strømsgodset. They played regularly for the club in the First Division before moving to Rosenborg ahead of the 2008 season. In Trondheim they became first-choice centre-back from the beginning playing alongside Kris Stadsgaard, and was a part of the team that lost only one of 60 matches en route to winning two straight league championships, in 2009 and 2010. Demidov played a total of 79 league-matches, scoring four goals during their three seasons with the club.
In July 2010, as their contract was approaching its end, Demidov signed a three-year deal with Spanish club Real Sociedad, effective as of January of the following year. They made their La Liga debut on 29 January 2011, replacing French Antoine Griezmann in the last minutes of a 2–0 home win against UD Almería. All their other 12 appearances in the season were starts, as the Basque team narrowly avoided relegation.
Demidov joined Eintracht Frankfurt in July 2012, signing a three-year contract. They made their first appearance in the 0–2 loss against Borussia Mönchengladbach on 7 October 2012. They played a total of five matches in the Bundesliga before they returned to Spain and joined Celta Vigo in January 2013, on loan until the end of 2012–13 season. They appeared in their first match on 12 January, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–1 defeat at RCD Espanyol. After Paco Herrera was replaced by Abel Resino as manager of Celta, Demidov did not play much and stated in June 2013 that they did not want to continue their career in Celta even though the club had an option to buy. On 3 July, their contract with Eintracht Frankfurt which still ran until June 2015 was dissolved by mutual consent.
Demidov signed for Anzhi Makhachkala in September 2013. After only two appearances for Anzhi, Demidov moved to SK Brann in January 2014, signing a three-year contract.
On 10 January 2017 Demidov officially signed with Minnesota United FC in MLS. On 28 February head coach Adrian Heath named Demidov captain for Minnesota United's first MLS season. After one season with the club, Minnesota bought out Demidov's contract on 28 February 2018. The Loons conceded 16 goals in the 3 games in which they played. They signed with Stabæk ahead of their 2018 season. They retired at the end of 2019.
After retiring, they revealed in 2020 that they would become a football agent.
International career
Demidov made their debut for Norway on 28 May 2008, replacing Jan Gunnar Solli after 76 minutes in a friendly match with Uruguay. In October the Russian Football Union checked the possibilities for the player to appear for Russia, the country of their parents; when Norway manager Egil Olsen chose Morten Fevang ahead of them for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches against Montenegro and Netherlands in June 2009, however, they admitted that they would consider playing for Russia if they did not get more chances for Norway.
Demidov played their second international in a friendly against Slovakia on 3 March 2010, and featured heavily in the country's UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign, in an eventual third-place finish in Group H.
Personal life
 They are married to the Norwegian hurdler, Christina Vukicevic.
Club statistics
Honours
Club
Rosenborg
Tippeligaen: 2009, 2010
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Riga
Latvian emigrants to Norway
Soviet emigrants to Norway
Norwegian footballers
Norway international footballers
Association football defenders
IL Runar footballers
Sandefjord Fotball players
Manglerud Star Toppfotball players
Hønefoss BK players
Rosenborg BK players
Real Sociedad footballers
Eintracht Frankfurt players
RC Celta de Vigo players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
SK Brann players
Minnesota United FC players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
La Liga players
Bundesliga players
Major League Soccer players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Mulakalacheruvu is a village in Annamayya district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Mulakalacheruvu mandal.
References
Villages in Annamayya district
Mandal headquarters in Annamayya district
Johann Christoph Volkamer (June 7, 1644 – August 26, 1720) was a German merchant, manufacturer and botanist.
Life
Johann Christoph Volkamer (also: Volcamer, Volckamer, Volkammer, Volcameris) was the son of the physician Johann George Volkamer. They occupied themselves with botany as a hobby, and maintained a garden in the today's Nurembergian Gostenhof district. They published a two volume work about citrus in 1708–1714, titled "Nurenberg Hesperides, or thorough description of the noble Citron, Lemon, and Bitter Orange fruits, How to, in this and neighboring areas, correctly plant, tend, maintain and reproduce them, Together with a comprehensive enumeration of most cultivars, partly actually grown at Nuremberg, partly imported to there from various foreign places ..."
In Volkamers time people thought the "golden apples of the Hesperides" of Greek mythology referred to citrus fruit. Starting from late 17th Century, there developed a collecting passion for instance among the aristocracy, who tried to outdo one another with the rarest and most bizarre citrus fruits, imported at great expense from south of the Alps and developing into a symbol of social status and power.
With this work the term "Hesperides" became the symbol for the flowering Nurembergian garden culture, which lasted from 1650 onwards up to the late 18th Century.
In Volkamers book they illustrated also the Nurembergian landscapes, city panoramas, and above all the gardens of the city, illustrated beside the citrus plants and their fruits by engraving.
 They are said to be influenced by the work of Giovanni Baptista Ferrari.
Works
Nürnbergische Hesperides, Oder Gründliche Beschreibung Der Edlen Citronat, Citronen, und Pomerantzen-Früchte, Wie solche, in selbiger und benachbarten Gegend, recht mögen eingesetzt, gewartet, erhalten und fortgebracht werden, Samt einer ausführlichen Erzehlung der meisten Sorten, welche theils zu Nürnberg würcklich gewachsen, theils von verschiedenen fremden Orten dahin gebracht worden, Auf das accurateste in Kupffer gestochen, in Vier Theile eingetheilet und mit nützlichen Anmerckungen erkläret. Beneben der Flora, Oder Curiosen Vorstellung Verschiedener raren Blumen, Samt Einer Zugabe etlicher anderer Gewächse, und ausführlichem Bericht, wie eine richtig-zutreffende Sonnen-Uhr im Garten-Feld von Bux anzulegen, und die Gärten nach der Perspectiv leichtlich aufzureissen, Wie auch einem Bericht von denen in des Authoris Garten stehenden Colvmnis Milliaribvs / Herausgegeben von J. C. V., Nürnberg 1708.
Obeliscus Constantinopolitanus oder kurtze Erklärung des zu Constantinopol auf der Renn-Bahn stehenden, nun aber auch in der nürnbergischen Vorstadt Gostenhof nachgehauenen und aufgerichteten Obelisci, Nuremberg 1713, Nachdruck Nuremberg 1985.
Continvation der Nürnbergischen Hesperidvm, Oder: Fernere gründliche Beschreibung Der Edlen Citronat-, Citronen- und Pomeranzen-Früchte, mit einem ausführlichen Bericht, wie solche am besten zu warten und zu erhalten seyn; diejenigen Sorten, so theils zu Nürnberg gewachsen, theils von verschiedenen fremden Orten dahin gelanget auf das accurateste in Kupffer gestochen und nachgezeichnet worden; abermals in vier Theile eingetheilet, und mit gehörigen Anmerkungen erläutert; Benebenst einem Anhang von etlichen raren und fremden Gewächsen, als Der Ananas, des Palm-Baums, der Coccus-Nüsse, der Baum-Wolle u.a.m., welche ebenfalls in Kupffer-Rissen vorgestellet sind. Nürnberg, Frankfurt am Main und Leipzig, 1714.
See also
Volkameria
Greek citron
References
CITRUS AND ORANGERIES
Literature
Wilhelm Schwemmer: Johann Christoph Volkamer, in: Nürnberger Gestalten aus neun Jahrhunderten, Nuremberg 1950, 135–139.
Helge Weingärtner: Nürnbergische Veduten in J.C. Volkamers Hesperidenwerk, Magisterarbeit Universität Erlangen 1990.
Christian Jörg Zink: Ein Meisterstück der Gartenkunst. Der Garten der Familie Volkamer, in: Katrin Bielefeldt, u.a.: Gostenhof, Muggenhof, Eberhardshof und Kleinweidenmühle. Geschichte eines Stadtteils (Nürnberger Stadtteilbücher 9, hg. von Geschichte Für Alle e.V.), Nuremberg 2005, 44–49.
Michael Diefenbacher, Rudolf Endres (Hrsg.): Stadtlexikon Nürnberg. 2. verb. Auflage. Nürnberg: Verlag W. Tümmels, 2000, 1247 S., .
External links
Online-Biography
1644 births
1720 deaths
17th-century German botanists
18th-century German botanists
Scientists from Nuremberg
Phaethon () is the title of a lost tragedy written by Athenian playwright Euripides, first produced circa 420 BC, and covered the myth of Phaethon, the young mortal boy who asked their father the sun god Helios to drive their solar chariot for a single day. The play has been lost, though several fragments of it survive. Another treatment of the myth had been delivered earlier by Aeschylus in their lost play Heliades ("daughters of the Sun"), whose content and plot are even more fragmentary and obscure. The influence of Euripides' play on Ovid's version of the myth can be easily recognized. From this now lost play only twelve fragments remain, covering around 400 lines or so.
Plot
Euripides' version of the myth was set in a mortal landscape, with Phaethon nominally the son of the Oceanid nymph Clymene by their lawful husband and putative father of their children Merops, king of Aethiopia, but in truth their product of an illicit affair with Helios. The play opens with Clymene describing the sunlit country, their marriage to Merops, and their liaison with Helios that produced Phaethon. The conflict presented in the play is the marriage of Phaethon and the boy's reluctance; the bride's identity is one of the most difficult problems of this plot; suggestions include one of the Heliades, their sisters (a suggestion supported by Henri Weil and one that James Diggle deemed unprovable, though convinced of that being the case), or even Aphrodite. Explaining on how Aphrodite could be considered Phaethon's bride, Wilamowitz suggested that Euripides combined the stories of two Phaethons, that of the son of Helios who drove their father's car and died, and that of Phaethon the son of Helios' sister Eos whom Aphrodite abducted to be a watchman of their shrines, and whom late antiquity writers described as a lover of the goddess. Another explanation is that Aphrodite had planned Phaethon's death from the beginning, as a revenge against their father who revealed their extramarital affair with Ares to their husband Hephaestus.
Perhaps to get their son overcome their reluctance, Clymene revealed to Phaethon their true, divine parentage, and urged them to go travel and find their father to confirm so himself, mentiong that the god had promised to grant one favour back when they slept with her; convinced of the truth of their mother's words, Phaethon agrees to travel and find their biological father. What follows is the parodos, where the chorus, made up of the palace's slave girls, describes the dawn and express their enthusiam over Phaethon's upcoming marriage. Then, in the first episode, few lines survive of an argument between Merops and Phaethon.
Nothing survives from the first stasimon. Next someone, perhaps a paedagogus bringing a message to Clymene, arrived on scene and explained how Phaethon drove their father's chariot while said father rode on a horse named Sirius next to him, trying to guide their son and shouting advice and instructions on how to drive the car at him; due to the play's fragmentary nature, it is not clear whether Zeus had a role in Phaethon's demise. If the messenger did witness the flight himself, it is possible there was also a passage where they described Helios taking control over the bolting horses in the same manner as Lucretius described.
Subsequently, the still smoking body of Phaethon is brought on scene, which points to Zeus having indeed struck them with a thunderbolt. Clymene orders the slave girls to hide the body from Merops and laments Helios' role in their demise, noting that they are rightfully called "Apollo" (here understood meaning "destroyer") by the mortals who know the gods' true names. The remainder of the plot seems to have revolved around Merops finding the charred corpse and the real parentage of Phaethon. Near the end, Merops, who has now discovered the truth about Phaethon's fatherhood, seems to try to retaliate against Clymene by killing them as the chorus advises Clymene to plead with their father, the river god Oceanus to save them from perishing; it is unclear whether Clymene survives thanks to an ex machina intervention by a god, as well as that god's exact identity, whether it is Oceanus indeed trying to save their daughter, Helios or even Athena. Diggle suggests that Clymene and Merops were reconciled in the end.
Of unknown position in the play is a fragment in which Clymene expresses hatred over the handy horned bow, and youths' pastime exercises, as they remind them of their slain son. At another points they cry that their "best beloved, but now they lie [a]nd putrefies in some dark vale".
Other works
In one of the earliest surviving artistic attestations of the myth, a cast taken from an Arretine mould now housed in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Phaethon is shown falling from the car, while Helios with a spare horse (as Euripides alone described) by their side has caught two horses and is preparing to catch the other two. Several other figures appear, like Zeus holding their thunderbolt, Tethys, Artemis, Iris and maybe Isis.
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Collard Christopher, Cropp Martin, Lee Kevin H.; Euripides: Selected Fragmentary Plays: Volume I, Oxbow Books, United Kingdom, 1995, .
Cook, Arthur Bernard, "Zeus God of the Bright Sky" in Zeus: A study in ancient religion, Cambridge University Press, 1914, Online text available at Internet Archive.
Euripides, Fragments: Oedipus-Chrysippus. Other Fragments. Edited and translated by Christopher Collard, Martin Cropp. Loeb Classical Library 506. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2009.
Diggle, James, Euripides: Phaethon, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge Classical Texts and Commentaries, Series Number 12, 1970, .
Gantz, Timothy, Early Greek Myth: A Guide to Literary and Artistic Sources, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1996, Two volumes: (Vol. 1), (Vol. 2).
Plutarch, Moralia, Volume VII: On Love of Wealth. On Compliancy. On Envy and Hate. On Praising Oneself Inoffensively. On the Delays of the Divine Vengeance. On Fate. On the Sign of Socrates. On Exile. Consolation to Their Wife, translated by Phillip H. De Lacy, Benedict Einarson, Loeb Classical Library No. 405. Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard University Press, 1959. . Online version at Harvard University Press.
Plutarch, Moralia, Volume VIII: Table-Talk, Books 1-6, translated by P. A. Clement, H. B. Hoffleit, Loeb Classical Library No. 424, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard University Press, 1969. . Online version at Harvard University Press.
Strabo, The Geography of Strabo. Edition by H.L. Jones. Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
External links
The translation and reconstruction of Euripides' "Phaethon" made by Vlanes is now available as ebook on Amazon.
See all the surviving fragments of the play in Greek here.
Plays by Euripides
Plays based on classical mythology
Lost plays
Helios
Bus services in Hong Kong have a long history. As of 2016, five companies operate franchised public bus services. There are also a variety of non-franchised public bus services, including feeder bus services to railway stations operated by MTR, and residents' services for residential estates (particularly those in the New Territories).
History
Current situation
Bus services in Hong Kong can be roughly divided into three types: franchised buses, non-franchised buses and public light buses.
Franchised bus
As of 2014, there are five privately owned bus companies providing franchised bus services across Hong Kong, operating more than 700 routes with some 5,800 buses. Hong Kong is one of the few cities in the world that bus services are not operated or owned by the Government.
These are the five franchised bus companies in Hong Kong:
Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited
Mainly provides service in Kowloon and New Territories, operating about 400 routes with about 3,850 buses. Some of them are cross-harbour routes, either solely operated or jointly operated with Citybus or New World First Bus.
Citybus Limited
Mainly provides service on Hong Kong Island, operates 108 bus routes, including 59 Hong Kong Island routes, 29 cross-harbour routes, 1 New Territories route and 19 routes to Tung Chung/Airport. It operates 957 buses.
Long Win Bus Company Limited
Mainly services Tung Chung, Disneyland Resort and routes shuttling between the Airport and New Territories, operating 19 routes with 165 buses.
New World First Bus Services Limited
Mainly provides service on Hong Kong Island, and provides routes in Kowloon and Tseung Kwan O. It operates 47 Hong Kong Island routes, 8 Kowloon and Tseung Kwan O routes and 34 cross-harbour routes. It operates with 711 buses.
New Lantao Bus Company (1973) Limited
Mainly provides service on Lantau Island, operating 22 Lantau routes and 1 New Territories route with 108 buses.
Here are previous franchised bus companies in Hong Kong:
China Motor Bus Company Limited, franchise expired in 1998
The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (KMB) is one of the largest privately owned public bus operators in the world. KMB's fleet consists of about 3,800 buses on 400 routes and a staff of over 12,000. In 1979, Citybus began its operation in Hong Kong with one double-decker, providing shuttle service for the Hong Kong dockyard. It later expanded into operating a residential bus route between City One, Sha Tin and Kowloon Tong MTR station. New World First Bus Services Limited (NWFB) was established in 1998, taking over China Motor Bus's franchise to provide bus services on Hong Kong Island together with Citybus. NWFB's parent company later bought Citybus, but the two companies have basically been operating independently.
Hong Kong franchised bus routes have a fixed path, fare, service hours and schedule. Urban routes mostly operate with double-decker buses, which have become a distinguishing feature of Hong Kong. Passengers are required to pay their bus fare when they board the bus, and all buses accept payment by either Octopus card or cash; however no change is given for paying by the latter. Some routes such as cross-harbour routes and Disneyland Resort routes are operated jointly by two companies. Fares are distanced-based although longer distances are comparatively cheaper than shorter distance fares on a per-km basis. Hong Kong's bus fare system is based on where a passenger boards, e.g., "tap on" but not where a passenger alights, e.g., "tap off". As such, a passenger pays the entire fare upon boarding regardless of point of alighting. Many routes provide "step down fare" after a certain journey distance has been completed.
Route types
There are several types of routes including normal routes, limited-stop routes and express routes.
Non-franchised buses
The non-franchised bus services of Hong Kong are provided by different private bus companies as a means to relieve the demand on franchised buses and green public minibuses in rush hour. They also serve some remote places which are deemed non-profitable for franchised bus and green public minibus operators to serve. According to the Transport Department, there were 8111 registered non-franchised buses in Hong Kong as of 13 March 2014. Generally speaking, the services are divided into the following categories:
Tourist services (A01): Known as "Travel bus" () in daily usage, providing transport services for tourists between tourist attractions.
Hotel services (A02): operated by hotels or by bus companies, providing transport services for hotel customers.
School services (A03): operated by schools or by bus companies, providing transport services for students.
Employee services (A04): operated by different institutes or by bus companies, providing transport services for employees.
Residential services (A06): Known as "Estate bus" () in daily usage, they're providing feeder services between new towns and urban areas; they are often applied jointly by management company of private housing estates and bus companies as a mean to carry residents from where they live to major transport interchanges.
Contract hire services (A08): Hired by a person or groups for transport services.
On the other hand, MTR Corporation also operates some feeder bus routes in Tuen Mun, Tin Shui Wai and Yuen Long to complement its Tuen Ma line and Light Rail services.
Public light buses
The public light buses in Hong Kong are passenger transport vehicles (minibuses) with a capacity of 16 or 19 passengers (19-seat minibuses were introduced in 2017). The capacity was 14 before the 1980s. They provide feeder services to buses and the railway. There are 4,350 minibuses in Hong Kong and this figure has been capped by the Transport Department as available licences. They can be divided into two types: red public minibuses and green public minibuses. The red public minibuses, which number around 1,200 of the 4,350 do not need to operate on fixed routes or fixed schedules and may charge any fare desired, although special prohibitions apply. Green public minibuses operate on fixed routes in set frequencies stipulated by the Transport Department of Hong Kong. Other kinds of light bus services, for example, the Nanny van transports provided by such van owners during the 1980s are considered illegal beyond their operation routes.
See also
History of bus transport in Hong Kong
List of bus routes in Hong Kong
Hong Kong bus route numbering
References
Ortaköy, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Karacaören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
In abstract algebra, a uniserial module M is a module over a ring R, whose submodules are totally ordered by inclusion. This means simply that for any two submodules N1 and N2 of M, either or . A module is called a serial module if it is a direct sum of uniserial modules. A ring R is called a right uniserial ring if it is uniserial as a right module over itself, and likewise called a right serial ring if it is a right serial module over itself. Left uniserial and left serial rings are defined in an analogous way, and are in general distinct from their right counterparts.
An easy motivating example is the quotient ring for any integer . This ring is always serial, and is uniserial when n is a prime power.
The term uniserial has been used differently from the above definition: for clarification see below.
A partial alphabetical list of important contributors to the theory of serial rings includes the mathematicians Keizo Asano, I. S. Cohen, P.M. Cohn, Yu. Drozd, D. Eisenbud, A. Facchini, A.W. Goldie, Phillip Griffith, I. Kaplansky, V.V Kirichenko, G. Köthe, H. Kuppisch, I. Murase, T. Nakayama, P. Příhoda, G. Puninski, and R. Warfield. References for each author can be found in and .
Following the common ring theoretic convention, if a left/right dependent condition is given without mention of a side (for example, uniserial, serial, Artinian, Noetherian) then it is assumed the condition holds on both the left and right. Unless otherwise specified, each ring in this article is a ring with unity, and each module is unital.
Properties of uniserial and serial rings and modules
It is immediate that in a uniserial R-module M, all submodules except M and 0 are simultaneously essential and superfluous. If M has a maximal submodule, then M is a local module. M is also clearly a uniform module and thus is directly indecomposable. It is also easy to see that every finitely generated submodule of M can be generated by a single element, and so M is a Bézout module.
It is known that the endomorphism ring EndR(M) is a semilocal ring which is very close to a local ring in the sense that EndR(M) has at most two maximal right ideals. If M is assumed to be Artinian or Noetherian, then EndR(M) is a local ring.
Since rings with unity always have a maximal right ideal, a right uniserial ring is necessarily local. As noted before, a finitely generated right ideal can be generated by a single element, and so right uniserial rings are right Bézout rings. A right serial ring R necessarily factors in the form where each ei is an idempotent element and eiR is a local, uniserial module. This indicates that R is also a semiperfect ring, which is a stronger condition than being a semilocal ring.
Köthe showed that the modules of Artinian principal ideal rings (which are a special case of serial rings) are direct sums of cyclic submodules. Later, Cohen and Kaplansky determined that a commutative ring R has this property for its modules if and only if R is an Artinian principal ideal ring. Nakayama showed that Artinian serial rings have this property on their modules, and that the converse is not true
The most general result, perhaps, on the modules of a serial ring is attributed to Drozd and Warfield: it states that every finitely presented module over a serial ring is a direct sum of cyclic uniserial submodules (and hence is serial). If additionally the ring is assumed to be Noetherian, the finitely presented and finitely generated modules coincide, and so all finitely generated modules are serial.
Being right serial is preserved under direct products of rings and modules, and preserved under quotients of rings. Being uniserial is preserved for quotients of rings and modules, but never for products. A direct summand of a serial module is not necessarily serial, as was proved by Puninski, but direct summands of finite direct sums of uniserial modules are serial modules .
It has been verified that Jacobson's conjecture holds in Noetherian serial rings.
Examples
Any simple module is trivially uniserial, and likewise semisimple modules are serial modules.
Many examples of serial rings can be gleaned from the structure sections above. Every valuation ring is a uniserial ring, and all Artinian principal ideal rings are serial rings, as is illustrated by semisimple rings.
More exotic examples include the upper triangular matrices over a division ring Tn(D), and the group ring for some finite field of prime characteristic p and group G having a cyclic normal p-Sylow subgroup.
Structure
This section will deal mainly with Noetherian serial rings and their subclass, Artinian serial rings. In general, rings are first broken down into indecomposable rings. Once the structure of these rings are known, the decomposable rings are direct products of the indecomposable ones. Also, for semiperfect rings such as serial rings, the basic ring is Morita equivalent to the original ring. Thus if R is a serial ring with basic ring B, and the structure of B is known, the theory of Morita equivalence gives that where P is some finitely generated progenerator B. This is why the results are phrased in terms of indecomposable, basic rings.
In 1975, Kirichenko and Warfield independently and simultaneously published analyses of the structure of Noetherian, non-Artinian serial rings. The results were the same however the methods they used were very different from each other. The study of hereditary, Noetherian, prime rings, as well as quivers defined on serial rings were important tools. The core result states that a right Noetherian, non-Artinian, basic, indecomposable serial ring can be described as a type of matrix ring over a Noetherian, uniserial domain V, whose Jacobson radical J(V) is nonzero. This matrix ring is a subring of Mn(V) for some n, and consists of matrices with entries from V on and above the diagonal, and entries from J(V) below.
Artinian serial ring structure is classified in cases depending on the quiver structure. It turns out that the quiver structure for a basic, indecomposable, Artinian serial ring is always a circle or a line. In the case of the line quiver, the ring is isomorphic to the upper triangular matrices over a division ring (note the similarity to the structure of Noetherian serial rings in the preceding paragraph). A complete description of structure in the case of a circle quiver is beyond the scope of this article, but can be found in . To paraphrase the result as it appears there: A basic Artinian serial ring whose quiver is a circle is a homomorphic image of a "blow-up" of a basic, indecomposable, serial quasi-Frobenius ring.
A decomposition uniqueness property
Two modules U and V are said to have the same monogeny class, denoted , if there exists a monomorphism and a monomorphism . The dual notion can be defined: the modules are said to have the same epigeny class, denoted , if there exists an epimorphism and an epimorphism .
The following weak form of the Krull-Schmidt theorem holds. Let U1, ..., Un, V1, ..., Vt be n + t non-zero uniserial right modules over a ring R. Then the direct sums and are isomorphic R-modules if and only if n = t and there exist two permutations and of 1, 2, ..., n such that and for every i = 1, 2, ..., n.
This result, due to Facchini, has been extended to infinite direct sums of uniserial modules by Příhoda in 2006. This extension involves the so-called quasismall uniserial modules. These modules were defined by Nguyen Viet Dung and Facchini, and their existence was proved by Puninski. The weak form of the Krull-Schmidt Theorem holds not only for uniserial modules, but also for several other classes of modules (biuniform modules, cyclically presented modules over serial rings, kernels of morphisms between indecomposable injective modules, couniformly presented modules.)
Notes on alternate, similar and related terms
Right uniserial rings can also be referred to as right chain rings or right valuation rings. This latter term alludes to valuation rings, which are by definition commutative, uniserial domains. By the same token, uniserial modules have been called chain modules, and serial modules semichain modules. The notion of a catenary ring has "chain" as its namesake, but it is in general not related to chain rings.
In the 1930s, Gottfried Köthe and Keizo Asano introduced the term Einreihig (literally "one-series") during investigations of rings over which all modules are direct sums of cyclic submodules . For this reason, uniserial was used to mean "Artinian principal ideal ring" even as recently as the 1970s. Köthe's paper also required a uniserial ring to have a unique composition series, which not only forces the right and left ideals to be linearly ordered, but also requires that there be only finitely many ideals in the chains of left and right ideals. Because of this historical precedent, some authors include the Artinian condition or finite composition length condition in their definitions of uniserial modules and rings.
Expanding on Köthe's work, Tadashi Nakayama used the term generalized uniserial ring to refer to an Artinian serial ring. Nakayama showed that all modules over such rings are serial. Artinian serial rings are sometimes called Nakayama algebras, and they have a well-developed module theory.
Warfield used the term homogeneously serial module for a serial module with the additional property that for any two finitely generated submodules A and B, where J(−) denotes the Jacobson radical of the module . In a module with finite composition length, this has the effect of forcing the composition factors to be isomorphic, hence the "homogeneous" adjective. It turns out that a serial ring R is a finite direct sum of homogeneously serial right ideals if and only if R is isomorphic to a full n × n matrix ring over a local serial ring. Such rings are also known as primary decomposable serial rings .
Textbooks
Primary Sources
Module theory
Ring theory
Sphaerolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Monhysterida.
Genera:
Buccolaimus Allgén, 1959
Doliolaimus Lorenzen, 1966
Hofmaenneria W.Schneider, 1940
Metasphaerolaimus Gourbault & Boucher, 1981
Parasphaerolaimus Ditlevsen, 1918
Sphaerolaimus Bastian, 1865
Subsphaerolaimus Lorenzen, 1978
References
Nematodes
Goodbye Blues is the third album by The Hush Sound. It was released March 18, 2008 on Fueled by Ramen/Decaydance and later debuted at #75 on the Billboard 200 selling over 11,200 copies. The next week the album fell to #163.
Background
The band's third studio album, Goodbye Blues, was named one of the Most Anticipated Albums of 2008 by Alternative Press. The album was recorded in the fall of 2007 at North Hollywood's Fairfax Recordings with producer/engineer Kevin Augunas (Cold War Kids, Jon Brion) at the helm. With tracks such as "Honey" and "Medicine Man", The Hush Sound shows influence of blues, swing, and folk. The album is different than the band's last two albums, as Greta Salpeter takes over lead vocals on nine of the thirteen tracks.
Goodbye Blues was available for pre-order from January 29, through The Hush Sound's official website. After preordering it, a free digital download of "Honey" is available.
On October 23, 2007, The Hush Sound posted a video on FriendsorEnemies.com featuring a list of songs they were working on.
Viral marketing
The Hush Sound has been using viral marketing to promote their new album along with a supporting spot on the Honda Civic Tour. One of these schemes used is the use of a person known as "The Medicine Man" who has been giving clues, such as song clips, videos, and images to its friends on Myspace, Friends or Enemies, and Sweet Tangerine. The Medicine Man has also sent a picture to Greta in the video for "Honey," as seen at the end.
Track listing
All songs written by Greta Salpeter, except where noted.
"Intro" - 1:29
"Honey" - 3:39
"Medicine Man" - 3:23
"The Boys Are Too Refined" (Salpeter, Bob Morris, Anne Preven, Scott Cutler) - 3:17
"Hurricane" (Salpeter, Cutler, Preven) - 3:12
"As You Cry" (Morris) - 3:25
"Six" (Interlude) - 2:23
"Molasses" - 3:51
"That's Okay" - 3:18
"Not Your Concern" (Morris, Cutler, Preven, Darren Wilson) - 2:57
"Love You Much Better" (Salpeter, Morris, Bradley Walker) - 3:17
"Hospital Bed Crawl" (Morris, Chris Faller)- 2:37
"Break the Sky" (Salpeter, Cutler, Preven) - 3:19
Bonus tracks
iTunes U.S. Store
"You Are My Home" - 3:11
"Pretty Down to Your Bones" - 3:11
"The Making of Goodbye Blues" (video)
"Wine Red" (music video)
Personnel
Bob Morris - vocals, guitar
Chris Faller - bass, backing vocals
Darren Wilson - drums, backing vocals
Greta Salpeter - piano, vocals
Chart positions
References
2008 albums
The Hush Sound albums
Fueled by Ramen albums
The 1822 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 12, 1822.
Incumbent Democratic-Republican Governor Samuel Bell won re-election to a fourth term.
General election
Major candidates
Samuel Bell, Democratic-Republican, incumbent Governor
Minor candidates
The following candidates may not have been formally nominated and attracted only scattering votes.
Jeremiah Mason, Federalist, former U.S. Senator, Federalist nominee for Governor in 1818
David L. Morril, Democratic-Republican, incumbent U.S. Senator
George B. Upham, Federalist, former U.S. Representative, former Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Results
References
Notes
1822
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Han Zaw (Burmese: ဟန်ဇော်; born 25 February 1946) is a Burmese engineer and Minister for Ministry of Construction (Myanmar) from January 2016 to February 2021.
Early life and education
They were born in Natmauk, Magway Region on 25 February 1946. They graduated from Moscow University. Their father, Mya Maung, is a second cousin of General Aung San.
Career
They worked for Ministry of Construction (Myanmar) for many years up to the post of managing director of Public Works under Ministry of Construction and retired. After the resignation of electricity and energy minister, Pe Zin Htun, construction minister Win Khaing became minister for construction and minister for electricity and energy. On 19 January, President Htin Kyaw appointed Han Zaw as union minister for Ministry of Construction and Win Khaing as electricity and energy minister.
Before that they also served as chairperson in Myanmar Engineering Society and still now they are a member of central executive member of Myanmar Engineering Society.
References
1946 births
Living people
Government ministers of Myanmar
William Deans (baptised 31 January 1817 – 23 July 1851) was, together with their brother John, a pioneer farmer in Canterbury, New Zealand. They were born in Kirkstyle, Riccarton, Scotland. Their Riccarton farm in New Zealand was the first permanent settlement by immigrants on the Canterbury Plains.
Deans emigrated to Wellington, New Zealand, after buying land orders from the New Zealand Company in 1839. They arrived in what was then known as Port Nicholson (Wellington Harbour) on 22 January 1840 on the Aurora. Disappointed with what they found at Wellington, they started looking for other land. In Port Levy, they heard in mid 1842 of the large plains to the west of Banks Peninsula and travelling up the Avon River by whaleboat, they could eventually see from atop the shoulders of one of their travelling companions the lowland forest that became known as Riccarton Bush. They exclaimed: "That will do for me! I will make it my home."
Deans returned to Wellington and convinced their brother John, who had since emigrated to Nelson and was equally disappointed, to move to Canterbury. In February 1843, William Deans sailed south with two other families (Gebbie and Manson) who also wanted to settle in Canterbury. They took timber for a building with them that Samuel Manson, a skilled carpenter, erected for him. John Deans sailed from Wellington to New South Wales to buy stock. They arrived in Port Cooper (since renamed Lyttelton Harbour / Whakaraupō) in June 1843, having suffered the loss of many animals in the rough passage. 61 cattle, 3 mares and 43 sheep eventually arrived at their farm. In late 1843, Manson built another house. That building is still in existence and is known as Deans Cottage.
In December 1846, the Deans brothers signed a 21-year lease with a Māori chief, Te One, for land within of their farm. From 1848, they had to negotiate about land with first the New Zealand Company and then the Canterbury Association, after Canterbury had been bought from Māori in Kemp's Deed. Once a provisional agreement had been arrived at in May 1851, William Deans sailed for Australia to obtain more stock. Their ship, the Maria, foundered at Cape Terawhiti and Deans was drowned on 23 July 1851.
Earlier in 1851, George Grey as governor had invited Deans to join the New Zealand Legislative Council. As the council was meeting in Wellington, Deans had declined as it was "quite out of [his] way". A homestead, Riccarton House, was built on the Riccarton property in 1856; this was several years after William Deans' death.
Notes
References
1817 births
1851 deaths
Scottish emigrants to New Zealand
People from East Ayrshire
People from Christchurch
Deaths due to shipwreck at sea
Mount Kershaw () is a mountain, high, rising above Jones Ice Shelf and Kosiba Wall in the northeast end of Blaiklock Island, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Giles E.G. Kershaw (1948–1990), a British Antarctic Survey senior pilot, 1974–79, and pilot on the Transglobe Expedition, 1980–82, and other expeditions. They were killed in a flying accident on Jones Ice Shelf, March 5, 1990, and their remains now rest near the foot of this mountain.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
The double-toothed barbet (Lybius bidentatus) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae. It is found in Angola, Benin, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, and Uganda. Within Lybius bidentatus, there are two subspecies: Lybius bidentatus bidentatus and Lybius bidentatus aequatorialis.
Description and habitat
Lybius bidentatus is a barbet with black and red coloring. Its bill is large and off-white, and the skin around its eyes is yellow. The double-toothed barbet is black on the top side of its body with a patch of white feathers on its back. Its breast is red, with a white patch on its side. Females and males have similar markings, except that females have lines of black feathers on the white side patch. Juveniles of the species are duller; their feathers are dark grey.
Its song is somewhat like a cat's purr. Sometimes pairs of double-toothed barbets will sing together.
Double-toothed barbets generally live in the understory of dense woodland. They occupy the edges of the woods, riparian forest, and secondary forest. Some may go into gardens and forage for fruit.
The double-toothed barbet is most likely to be confused with the black-breasted barbet or the bearded barbet. In flight, it's ungraceful.
Behavior and diet
Lybius bidentatus eats fruits and insects. They search in the foliage for food, usually staying below ten meters. Of insects, they eat beetles, termites, ants, and Hemiptera, which they find in the tree bark or in clusters of leaves. Often a double-toothed barbet will capture winged ants or termites while in flight. They also eat fruits: figs, papayas, avocados, and the fruits of the umbrella tree Musanga and of Solanum. Double-toothed barbets will eat the seeds of some fruits.
These barbets can be found in pairs or small family groups with helpers; lone double-toothed barbets are rare. Their territories are large.
Double-toothed barbets roost communally, as all the barbets in a group roost in the same hole. Nests are made by excavating a tree, often rotting, at above two meters. Both barbets in a pair will dig out the nesting hole, and both will defend it. The entrance the nest is circular, five or more centimeters across. Some nests have an entrance tunnel. At maximum, a nest is 46 centimeters deep.
Breeding
When a male double-toothed barbet displays for a female, they swing their tail and body around. They also show the patches of white feathers on their flank. The courting birds will preen each other and go back and forth. The male will sometimes tap a nest entrance to attract the female toward it.
Breeding happens year-round. The female lays between two and four eggs, which are white. Incubation of the eggs lasts for about 13 days. At first, adult birds feed the hatchlings insects, then later mostly fruit. The hatchlings' parents and the helpers remove feces from the nest. After 37 to 39 days, the hatchlings fledge.
References
double-toothed barbet
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
double-toothed barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Lambeth Bluff () is a rock coastal bluff at the end of South Barrier, on the east side of Fiftyone Glacier, on the south side of Heard Island. It was surveyed in 1948 by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) and named "Cape Lambeth" for A. James Lambeth, a geologist with the expedition. Further ANARE exploration led to revision of the name in 1964 to Lambeth Bluff.
References
Cliffs of Antarctica
Land of Fate is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents
The Land of Fate set described the fictional land of Zakhara in the Al-Qadim campaign setting at length. Land of Fate describes the maps, geography, routines of daily life, fashion, customs, organizations, class status, the legal system, magical items, languages, calendars, 12 different desert tribes, 17 deities or deity types, and 27 city writeups in the "Adventurer's Guide to Zakhara," along with DM-only secrets for each city in the "Fortunes and Fates" book.
Publication history
Land of Fate was published by TSR, Inc. as a boxed set containing a 128-page locations guide, a 64-page campaign guide, 8 loose Monstrous Compendium sheets, 12 cardstock mapsheets, 3 large color maps, and a plastic hex scale. Design was by Jeff Grubb with Andria Hayday, the cover was by Fred Fields, and illustrations by Karl Waller.
Reception
Allen Varney reviewed Land of Fate for Dragon magazine #219 (July 1995). They began by saying: "It makes sense, unfortunately, that the Land of Fate box quickly followed the Al-Qadim rulebook as its first supplement. The rulebook briefly introduced the setting of Zakhara, but this set described it at length. A campaign needs this basic data", but with everything in Land of Fate, they said, "It's all very large." They went on to say: "In principle the jottings of a campaign set can be satisfying in themselves. In the Land of Fate set, they make for dry reading. We get a useful chapter on all aspects of daily life, and a couple of wonderful sidebar articles on the Zakharan coffee ceremony ("the measure of a good host") and pearl diving, the stuff of memorable scenes in an adventure. The rest is a sandstorm of little details, one-paragraph character outlines, societal tidbits (we're told twice that worshippers in Zakhara "prostrate" themselves), and jottings. With work you could assemble any dozen jottings into a free-wheeling adventure like the loose-jointed Arabian Nights tales, where one thing follows another without much logic. But not much of Land of Fate matches the screwy imagination of the best Nights tales. At times the designer's creativity clearly flags, such as in this candid beginning to an entry describing the secrets of Hilm: "The City of Kindness is boring." And, as with the rulebook, there is no hint in all these pages of how to develop these jottings into a memorable, characteristically Arabian campaign." Varney concluded the review by saying: "Parts of the Land of Fate boxed set enhance any Al-Qadim campaign, but its length is excessive and its inspiration uneven. Unless you plan to construct a long, ambitious campaign, you can probably get along without this box."
Reviews
White Wolf #34
References
Al-Qadim
The following lists notable events that occurred during 2016 in Sri Lanka.
Incumbents
President – Maithripala Sirisena
Prime Minister – Ranil Wickremesinghe
Chief Justice – K. Sripavan
Governors
Central Province – Surangani Ellawala (until 14 March); Niluka Ekanayake (starting 14 March)
Eastern Province – Austin Fernando
North Central Province – P. B. Dissanayake
Northern Province – H. M. G. S. Palihakkara (until 16 February); Reginald Cooray (starting 16 February)
North Western Province – Amara Piyaseeli Ratnayake
Sabaragamuwa Province – Marshal Perera
Southern Province – Hemakumara Nanayakkara
Uva Province – M. P. Jayasinghe
Western Province – K. C. Logeswaran
Chief Ministers
Central Province – Sarath Ekanayake
Eastern Province – Ahamed Nazeer Zainulabdeen
North Central Province – Peshala Jayarathne
Northern Province – C. V. Vigneswaran
North Western Province – Dharmasiri Dassanayake
Sabaragamuwa Province – Maheepala Herath
Southern Province – Shan Wijayalal De Silva
Uva Province – Chamara Sampath Dassanayake
Western Province – Isura Devapriya
Events
January
13 January – Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption investigations: Former MP Duminda Silva, who had been arrested for failing declare assets in 2011, 2012 and 2013, is released on bail.
19 January – United National Front for Good Governance (UNFGG) National List MP A. R. A. Hafeez resigns from Parliament.
21 January – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: Nalaka Godahewa, R. Ibrahim and Dhammika Manjira Perera, who had been arrested in December 2015 in connection with misappropriation of funds at the Securities and Exchange Commission, are released on bail.
25 January – Murder of K. Tharshan: Six year old K. Tharshan is raped and murdered in Sampur.
26 January – M. S. Thowfeek is sworn in as a UNFGG National List MP, replacing A. R. A. Hafeez who resigned on 19 January 2016.
30 January – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: Carlton Sports Network (CSN) directors Yoshitha Rajapaksa, Nishantha Ranatunga, Kaushal Dissanayake, Ravinath Fernando and Rohan Welivita are arrested in connection with money laundering at CSN.
February
9 February – Democratic Party leader Sarath Fonseka is sworn in as a UNFGG National List MP, replacing minister M. K. A. D. S. Gunawardana who died on 19 January 2016.
16 February – Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption investigations: Former minister Kumara Welgama, who had been arrested in connection with financial irregularities at the Sri Lanka Transport Board, is released on bail.
25 February – Democratic Party leader Sarath Fonseka is appointed to the Cabinet.
March
10 March – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: Former minister Basil Rajapaksa and former director general of the Divi Neguma Department R. R. K. Ranawaka, who had been arrested in connection with misappropriation of state funds, are released on bail.
14 March – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: Yoshitha Rajapaksa, Kaushal Dissanayake, Ravinath Fernando and Rohan Welivita, who had been arrested in January 2016 in connection with money laundering at CSN, are released on bail.
16 March – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: Nishantha Ranatunga, who had been arrested in January 2016 in connection with money laundering at CSN, is released on bail.
29 March – A suicide kit, mines, explosives and ammunition are discovered at a house in Maravanpulavu near Chavakachcheri.
30 March – Former Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) cadre Ramesh (Edward Julian) is arrested in Iluppaikkadavai in connection with the Chavakachcheri explosives find.
April
11 April – A further state minister and two deputy ministers are appointed.
11 April – A 59-year-old woman and their 33-year-old daughter are killed when the autorickshaw they are traveling in is hit by a speeding military vehicle near Vigneswara College in Trincomalee.
20 April – Murder of Wasim Thajudeen: The former crime OIC of the Narahenpita Police, IP Sumith Champika, is arrested by the Criminal Investigation Department in connection with Wasim Thajudeen's murder.
22 April – Former president Mahinda Rajapaksa and former minister G. L. Peiris meet Udayanga Weeratunga, who is wanted in Ukraine in connection with supplying arms to pro-Russian rebels, in Udon Thani, Thailand.
23 April – Former LTTE cadre Damotharan Jayakanth is arrested by the Terrorist Investigation Division (TID) for not having undergone "rehabilitation".
24 April – Colonel Ram (Ethirmannasingham Harichandran), the LTTE's former commander for Ampara District, is abducted from their home in Thampiluvil by three unidentified men in a blue van. The abductors are later identified as the police's TID.
25 April – Holy Family Convent, Bambalapitiya students Yasara Perera and Sharon Schuilling are killed as they cross the railway line in Dehiwala.
26 April – Lieutenant Colonel Kalaiarasan (Ganeshapillai Arivalahan), the LTTE's chief of intelligence for Trincomalee District, is arrested in Trincomalee by the TID in connection with the Chavakachcheri explosives find.
27 April
V. S. Sivakaran, the leader of the Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi's youth wing and editor of the Puthiyavan, is arrested in Mannar by the TID in connection with the Chavakachcheri explosives find.  They are released on bail the following day.
Lieutenant Colonel Nagulan (Kanapathipillai Sivamoorthy), the former commander of the LTTE's Charles Anthony Brigade, who was apparently killed by the military in 2007, is arrested in Kopay by the TID.
May
2 May – Lieutenant Colonel Praba (Krishnapillai Kalainesan), the LTTE's chief of intelligence for Batticaloa District, is arrested in Eravur.
3 May – A brawl in Parliament between Joint Opposition and government MPs results in UNFGG MP Sandith Samarasinghe being hospitalised.
14 May – Cyclone Roanu: Beginning of days of torrential rain across Sri Lanka which cause floods and landslides affecting half a million people, killing at least 82 and leaving more than 100 missing.
21 May – Jayanthi Kuru-Utumpala becomes the first Sri Lankan to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
June
2 June – British citizen Velauthapillai Renukaruban is assaulted and tortured after being detained by the police in Jaffna.
5 June – A fire at the Salawa army camp near Kosgama causes a series of explosions which results in the death of one soldier and the evacuation of thousands living nearby.
9 June – Pradeep Kumara Perera kills themselves and two women (Walpola Mudiyanselage Buddhika Neelanyani and Sirimathi Walpola) using a hand grenade.
11 June – Murali (Sivarasa Sivakulan), a government backed paramilitary operative and close confidant of former Janna Commander Major General Mahinda Hathurusinghe, is arrested by the TID in connection with the Chavakachcheri explosives find.
30 June – Democratic Party leader Sarath Fonseka joins the United National Party.
July
11 July – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: MP Namal Rajapaksa is arrested in connection with laundering Rs. 70 million given by Indian property development company Krrish Group for rugby development.
16 July – Violent clashes between Sinhalese and Tamil students at the University of Jaffna leads to the evacuation of all Sinhalese students and closure of the university.
18 July – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: Former minister Basil Rajapaksa is arrested in connection with misappropriation of state funds from the Divi Neguma Department.
28 July – The Joint Opposition's protest march (Jana Satana Pada Yatra) from Kandy to Colombo begins.
August
5–21 August – 2 athletes from Sri Lanka compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
12 August – President of the Galle Cricket Association, Halambage Premasiri was murdered around Friday night by two individuals who were arrived in a white motor car near the residence of them at Manimulla area in Ambalangoda. Premasiri was shot dead by the unknown suspects while they were driving home with their 12-year old son.
15 August – Financial Crimes Investigation Division investigations: MP Namal Rajapaksa is arrested in connection with laundering Rs. 45 million through two companies they own (NR Consultation Private Limited and Gowers Corporation Private Limited) and using it to buy shares in Hello Corp Private Limited.
September
8 September – Kolonnawa shootings: Sarath Bandara, Withanalage Anura Thushara de Mel, Janaka Bandara Galagoda, Chaminda Ravi Jayanath (Dematagoda Chaminda) and former MP Duminda Silva are convicted of the murder of Mohamed Azmi, Dharshana Jayathilake, Manivel Kumaraswamy and former MP Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra in October 2011 and sentenced to death.
9 September – Sri Lankan cricketer, Tillakaratne Dilshan retired from all international cricket. They ended 17 year career as 11th highest ODI scorer and 2nd highest T20I scorer of all time.
October
20 October – University of Jaffna students V. Sulakshan and N. Gajan are shot dead by police in Kokkuvil.
December
8 December – President Sirisena revokes and annuls the proclamation by Governor Robert Brownrigg on 10 January 1818 declaring 19 leaders of the Uva Wellassa Rebellion to be traitors.
17 December – 11 people are killed and several injured in a head collision between a van and a bus in Sangathani near Chavakachcheri.
24 December – Assassination of Nadarajah Raviraj: All five defendants are acquitted by the all Sinhala jury.
Deaths
January
1 January – Ian Pieris, 82 (cricketer).
13 January – Sarath Silva, (actor)
15 January – Chandrasiri Kodithuwakku, 66 (actor)
15 January – Shantha Deshabandu, 64 (lyricist)
19 January – M. K. A. D. S. Gunawardana, 68 (politician).
20 January – Eileen Siriwardena, (author)
20 January – Athulasoma Atigala, (actor)
February
1 February – Susila Kuragama, 72 (actor)
12 February – Tissasiri Perera (musician)
20 February – H. D. S. Jayasekara, (musician)
21 February – Anton Jones, 78 (musician).
24 February – Dharmapala Abeywardena, (film producer)
27 February – Ajantha Ranasinghe, 74 (composer)
27 February – Wiswa Warnapala, 79 (politician).
28 February – Sengai Aaliyan, 75 (author).
29 February – Dotty Jayasekara (actor)
March
9 March – Galagama Sri Aththadassi Thera, 94 (Buddhist monk).
10 March – Nanda Mahawatta, (actor)
11 March – Prof. Susantha Mahaulpatha (author)
14 March
Surangani Ellawala, 76 (politician).
Suranimala Rajapaksha, 67 (politician).
15 March – K. A. Wijeratne, (filmmaker)
22 March – Tissa Udangamuwa, (actor)
30 March – Prasad Gunawardena, (journalist)
April
8 April – Albert Fernando, (singer)
11 April – A. R. Surendran, (lawyer).
12 April – Somapala Hewakapuge, (actor)
13 April – Ranjith Dayananda, (actor)
14 April – Mahinda Makalanda, (writer)
15 April – Sumana Saparamadu, (journalist)
19 April – Nalaka Adhikari, (program producer)
21 April – D. B. Nihalsinghe, 76 (filmmaker).
24 April – G. H. Stanley Perera (theater actor)
26 April – M. H. Mohamed, 94 (politician).
May
6 May – Dayaratne Ranepura, (poet)
9 May – Meegala Mudiyanse, (journalist)
15 May – Dr. Ashley Halpe, (author)
19 May – Wasantha Kumara Kethhena, (journalist)
24 May – Ishani Ranganath, (musician)
June
12 June – U. B. Wijekoon, 79 (politician).
15 June
Somawansa Amarasinghe, 73 (politician).
Alavi Moulana, 84 (politician).
23 June – Gamini Malwannage, (radio announcer)
25 June – M. S. Ananda, (musician)
28 June – Asoka Wanniarachchi, (journalist)
30 June – Dushyayantha Samarasena, 61 (journalist)
July
13 July – Rohana Dandeniya, (director)
19 July – Nimal Jayamuni, (actor)
22 July – Mangala Moonesinghe, 84 (politician).
August
1 August – Mervyn Benz, 76 (sound administrator)
2 August – Chinthana Jayasena, 68 (journalist)
8 August – Vijaya Nandasiri, 69 (dramatist).
10 August – Elmo Fernando, 75 (broadcaster).
11 August – Sri Lal Gomez, 61 (photographer)
12 August – Halambage Premasiri, 52 (cricket administrator)
15 August – Sarath de Abrew, 63 (judge).
September
4 September – Cyril C. Perera, 93 (translator).
6 September – Nauyane Ariyadhamma Mahathera, 77 (Buddhist monk).
22 September – Sujatha Thotawatte, (editor)
October
1 October – Anton Jeyanathan, 68 (politician).
16 October – Kaveesha Ayeshani, 23 (actor)
26 October – Vijaya Ramanayake, 71 (film producer)
November
3 November – W. D. Amaradeva, 88 (musician).
16 November – Siri Kularatne (filmmaker, lyricist)
17 November – Langani Abeydira, (author)
20 November – Wimal Kumara de Costa, 68 (dramatist).
December
7 December – Sunil Dayananda Konara, 64 (musician)
17 December – Anne Ranasinghe, 91 (author).
21 December – Nandana S. Kommalage, (photographer)
26 December – Milina Sumathipala, 81 (film producer)
27 December – Ratnasiri Wickremanayake, 83 (Former prime minister).
29 December – Sunil Wimalaweera (lyricist)
References
External link
2010s in Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka
Years of the 21st century in Sri Lanka
Faux is an English alternative rock band formed in Southampton, Hampshire in 2015 by Lee Male on lead vocals and guitar, Luke Gould on bass and James Cross on drums. The band went through a couple of lead guitarists before striking a rapport with producer Daly George while working with them on their first EP at The Ranch in Southampton. Faux's latest Ep (self titled) received praise from Kerrang! and the first single Hot Headed was premiered by Alex Baker on their Fresh Blood show.
Musical style and influence
Faux have cited musical influences including The 1975, Brand New, TTNG and The Hives; leading to them being described as Alternative rock, pop punk and British rock.
Members
Current line-up
Lee Male - Lead Vocals (2015–present), rhythm guitar (2015-2017)
Luke Gould - Bass (2015–present)
James Cross - Drums (2015–present)
Daly George - Guitar (2016–present)
Steve Colver - Guitar (2017–present)
Past members
Daniel Fisher - Guitar (2015-2016)
Kieran Marsh - Guitar (2015)
Discography
EPs
Patterns (2015)
Inhale (2016)
Self Titled (2017)
Singles
"Swimmingly" (2015)
"Inhale" (2016)
"Hot Headed" (2017)
"Body Head" (2018)
"Gods Plan" (2018)
References
English pop punk groups
English indie rock groups
Musical groups established in 2015
Musical groups from Southampton
2015 establishments in England
Laikhurembi () is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).  They are the goddess of justice, good counsel, divine law, order and secrecy.  They are the chief Queen of God Thongaren ().
 They are the daughter of Lairen Humchouba.  They are one of the divine incarnations of Leimarel Sidabi.  They are one of the most important Umang Lais. Them pantheon is maintained particularly by the Taibungjam clan of Meitei ethnicity.
Etymology
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), the female first name "Laikhurembi" can be split up into three parts, "Lai", "Khu" and "-rembi". The Meitei language word "Lai" has multiple meanings. It may mean a god or a deity or a spirit or a disease or a picture or a painting in noun form. "Lai" may mean easy in adjective form in Meitei language. The Meitei language term "Khu" also has many meanings. It may mean "narrow" or "not wide" in adjective form. It may mean a knee in noun form. It may mean "to kneel" or "to cough" in verbal form. According to "The History Of Manipur" written by Wahengbam Ibohal, the words "Lai" and "Khu" are the names of tribes. The last part "-rembi" means chief, head or graceful in feminine form.
History and Origin
According to the Poireiton Khunthok, Laikhurembi () was the chief queen of Thongaren (). This book talks about their body in ways that show them personality. They say they had a wide mouth, which means they were loud or boastful. They say they had small breasts, which meant they used their heart less than they used their head; they were a thinking person and not a feeling person. They say they had sideways eyes, meaning they did not look at people straight on.
Scholars think this queen may have had Asian ethnicity. Some scholars think Laikhurembi could come from a tribe that had both Lai and Khu people in it. Other scholars think "Laikhurembi" is just their title and not them name.
Laikhurembi () is the daughter of Lai-ren Humchouba (, Shan: Hoom Chao Hpa). In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Lai-ren" means "Chief of Lai". In Meitei language, the word "Lai" has many meanings.
Queen Laikhurembi was the first wife of King Thongaren (). Then king asked them to marry their younger brother, Poireiton, instead, because Poireiton's wife had died. Poireiton was beginning a journey to Tai Pang Pan and King Thongalel thought it would not be good for Poireiton to go without a wife. However, Laikhurembi did not want to go. Trees had already been planted to honor them as the King's wife. Instead of Laikhurembi, King Thongalel sent their second wife Leinaotabi to accompany their brother in law Poireiton as a wife.
Description
The Goddess Laikhurembi had special powers. They were Yungyatnaba (lit. erect and sharp) which meant they could see objects accurately no matter how far away they were. They could look at a person and see who they or they truly are inside. When they made a judgement, they would announce their decision wisely, and people got the right rewards for what they had done (things given in recognition of service, effort or achievement).
No one could find the Goddess Laikhurembi unless they wanted them to find them No matter how hard a person would look, they could hide and stay hidden.
Cult
There is a temple dedicated to Goddess Laikhurembi in Uripok town in Imphal West district of Manipur. During the Lai Haraoba festival of Uripok, a carnival like atmosphere subdues the sacred traditional ritualistic ceremonies. During the noisy possession of the festive occasions, the maibis dance in the gentle melodies of pena. The maibis became possessed by the spirits when the music stopped and they delivered oracles. During this, the audiences listen to them very attentively.
See also
Lainaotabi
Yumjao Leima
References
External links
Learners' Manipuri-English dictionary. Laikhurembi
Abundance deities
Abundance goddesses
Arts deities
Arts goddesses
Asian deities
Asian goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Justice deities
Justice goddesses
Knowledge deities
Knowledge goddesses
Leima
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Marriage deities
Marriage goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature goddesses
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Time and fate deities
Time and fate goddesses
Underworld deities
Underworld goddesses
Wisdom deities
Wisdom goddesses
Florian Bruns (born 21 August 1979) is a German football coach and former player who played as a midfielder. They were the assistant coach of Werder Bremen II and was promoted to interim assistant coach of the professional team of SV Werder Bremen on 12 March 2016. After leaving this post in summer 2017, they joined SC Freiburg in the role of assistant coach.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oldenburg
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Germany under-21 international footballers
SC Freiburg players
1. FC Union Berlin players
Alemannia Aachen players
FC St. Pauli players
SV Werder Bremen II players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Footballers from Lower Saxony
Carmen C. Deseda is a Puerto Rican pediatrician.  They are a medical officer and commander in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps. Deseda served two terms as the state epidemiologist in the Puerto Rico Department of Health, first from 1994 to 2001, and later from January 2017 to March 2020.
Education
In 1976, Deseda completed a bachelor of science in biology, magna cum laude, at University of Puerto Rico. They earned a doctor of medicine from Universidad Central del Caribe (UCC) in 1979. In 1980, at University of California, Los Angeles, Deseda studied pediatric infectious diseases under James Cherry and parasitology under Marietta Vogue. In 1980, they took a medical course in epidemiology in the parasitic division at the Epidemic Intelligence Service. Deseda completed a pediatric residency at St. Louis Children's Hospital in 1981. From 1982 to 1983, they were a pediatric resident at San Juan City Hospital.
Career
Deseda was a pediatric clinical instructor in the emergency room at the San Juan City Hospital from 1985 to 1986 and at the department of pediatrics in the Universidad Central del Caribe (UCC), Bayamon Regional Hospital from 1986 to 1987. Between 1987 and 1989, they held faculty appointments at the Ashford Presbyterian Community Hospital including as coordinator of the first annual faculty meeting and chairperson of the continuing medical education program. From 1991 to 1993, Deseda was a medical epidemiologist in the hepatitis branch of the Epidemic Intelligence Service in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). From 1993 to 1994, they were a medical epidemiologist and director of the massive immunization campaign measles eradication program at the CDC. From 1994 to 2001, Deseda was a pediatric associate professor at the UCC.
In 1994, Deseda joined the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps as a medical officer.  They are a commander surgeon.
Deseda maintained a pediatric private practice in Hato Rey from 1985 to 1990. They were director of the Neonatal Hepatitis B Pilot Program with Ramon Ruiz Arnau at University Hospital in Bayamón, Puerto Rico. Starting in 2001, they are co-director of the Caribbean Travel Medicine Clinic in Hato Rey. They have served as a consultant for the American Red Cross Puerto Rico Region since 2002.
Deseda is a member of the International Society of Travel Medicine and served as president of the Latin American Society for Pediatric Infectious Diseases (SLIPE).
State Epidemiologist
From 1994 to 2001, Deseda served as State Epidemiologist in the Puerto Rico Department of Health. They were appointed to the role by Governor Pedro Rosselló.
In January 2017, Governor Ricardo Rosselló appointed Deseda as State Epidemiologist in the Puerto Rico Department of Health.
On March 19, 2020, journalists from the Center for Investigative Journalism (CPI) in Puerto Rico stated that Deseda, who had become more visible in the press since the resignation of Puerto Rico Health Secretary Rafael Rodríguez Mercado, did not have the credentials to be a state epidemiologist. In response, the Governor Wanda Vázquez Garced stated it was a team approach and that they supported Deseda in their role. On the same day, a group of Puerto Rican scientists were circulating a document asking for Deseda's resignation saying they had shown a lack of competence in the past and was not up to the task of dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic in Puerto Rico. In late March 2020, Deseda announced their resignation. They stated they had missed prior COVID-19 related press conferences due to family medical issues. Them relationship with the acting Health Secretary, Concepción Quiñones de Longo was not as robust as with Rodríguez Mercado.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Puerto Rican pediatricians
Women pediatricians
American women epidemiologists
American epidemiologists
20th-century American physicians
21st-century American physicians
20th-century American women physicians
21st-century American women physicians
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Universidad Central del Caribe alumni
United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps officers
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention people
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican women scientists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American women scientists
Caribbean women physicians
What Price Glory? may refer to:
What Price Glory? (1926 film), directed by Raoul Walsh
What Price Glory (1952 film), directed by John Ford
What Price Glory? (play), a 1924 play by Maxwell Anderson and Laurence Stallings; basis for both films
What Price Glory?!, a role-playing game
Kandia Kaïn Émile Traoré (born 5 July 1980) is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Club career
Born in Abidjan, Traoré started their career at Tunisian club Espérance Tunis, before moving to Le Havre in 2005. In January 2008, they signed a three and a half deal with FC Sochaux-Montbéliard. On 17 July 2009, they signed with Stade Malherbe Caen on loan for a season.
International career
Following an impressive start to the 2006–07 Ligue 2 season, they were called up to the national squad for the friendly against Sweden on 15 November 2006, making their debut as a substitute. In March 2007, they were one of four players to receive a late call-up for the Ivorian's African Cup of Nations qualifier against Madagascar in Antananarivo, due to injuries to other members of the squad. They were also the member of the team at 2002 African Cup of Nations.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Association football forwards
Ivorian footballers
Ivory Coast international footballers
2002 African Cup of Nations players
Stade d'Abidjan players
Al Ain FC players
Espérance Sportive de Tunis players
Étoile Sportive du Sahel players
Le Havre AC players
Al Hilal SFC players
Al-Nasr SC (Dubai) players
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
Stade Malherbe Caen players
Budapest Honvéd FC players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
Expatriate footballers in Sudan
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in France
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
UAE Pro League players
Saudi Professional League players
Alex de Minaur was the defending champion but chose not to defend their title.
Dan Evans won the title after defeating Evgeny Donskoy 7–6(7–3), 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Men's Singles
M'tendere Makalamba (born 2 April 1966) is a former Malawian light-middleweight boxer. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where they finished in seventeenth place. They also represented Malawi at the 1990 Commonwealth Games, losing their opening bout to Michael Bell of New Zealand in the middleweight category.
1988 Olympic results
Below is the record of M'tendere Makalamba, a Malawian light middlewight boxer who competed at the 1988 Seoul Olympics:
Round of 64: bye
Round of 32: lost to Roy Jones Jr. (United States) by first-round knockout
References
1966 births
Living people
Malawian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Malawi
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Malawi
Boxers at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Light-middleweight boxers
Middleweight boxers
Nelson Ndukwe Akwari (born February 4, 1982 in Houston, Texas) is a retired American soccer player. They began their career with the United States national team youth academy in Bradenton, Florida, and played for several professional clubs in various U.S. leagues.
Career
Youth and College
Akwari attended Strake Jesuit College Preparatory, a private school in Houston, before attending USSF's Bradenton Academy, where they trained with other Under-17 national teamers like Landon Donovan, DaMarcus Beasley, and Bobby Convey.
Although they considered turning pro, Akwari instead went to UCLA to play college soccer. They stayed at UCLA two years, starting every game as a first-year student in 2000, and being named second-team All-Pac-10 as a sophomore.
They returned to UCLA after completion of their soccer career and earned Bachelors, Masters, and Doctorate degrees in Engineering.
Professional
Akwari left college after their sophomore year to pursue opportunities in Europe, but when nothing came of them, they signed a Project-40 contract with MLS late in the 2002 season. Akwari was put into a lottery, which the MetroStars won; Akwari appeared in seven games and was traded during the offseason to the Columbus Crew. Akwari saw little playing time in 2003, appearing in 11 games but starting only five for the Crew, while spending a lot of time on loan to A-League's Cincinnati Riverhawks. In their third year in the league, Akwari began to show much more of the promise that they had as a youth national teamer - they took possession of the starting right back position midseason, and remained there for the rest of the year, ending the season with 16 starts as the Crew won the MLS Supporters' Shield.
After the 2004 season, Akwari was selected tenth overall by Real Salt Lake in the Expansion Draft, reuniting them with old coach John Ellinger. Akwari played 41 games over the 2005 and 2006 seasons.
Akwari signed for USL Second Division side Charlotte Eagles in April 2007, and scored on their debut against Crystal Palace Baltimore on April 20, 2007. They then signed for Charleston Battery in 2008, spending two seasons with the club including a run to the final of the 2008 US Open Cup.
Akwari signed on 26 January 2010 for the Canadian club Vancouver Whitecaps a one-year contract. They scored their first professional goal for Vancouver on April 29, 2010 in a game against the Portland Timbers. On October 19, 2010, the Vancouver Whitecaps released Akwari. Akwari joined the expansion Los Angeles Blues in the USL Pro league for the 2011 season.
Akwari retired following the 2011 season and settled in Charleston, where they work as an engineer for Boeing and is a frequent commentator on Battery game broadcasts.
International
Akwari has represented the United States at the U-17, U-20 and U-23 levels, playing at the 2001 U-20 World Youth Championship in Argentina, and the 1999 U-17 World Youth Championship in New Zealand.
References
External links
Vancouver Whitecaps bio
Charleston Battery bio
1982 births
Living people
American soccer players
Charlotte Eagles players
Charleston Battery players
Cincinnati Riverhawks players
Columbus Crew players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Association football defenders
Orange County SC players
Major League Soccer players
New York Red Bulls players
Soccer players from Houston
Strake Jesuit College Preparatory alumni
Real Salt Lake players
UCLA Bruins men's soccer players
USL A-League players
USL First Division players
USL Championship players
USL Second Division players
Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010) players
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
United States men's youth international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
National Soccer Stadium may refer to:
BMO Field, Toronto, Canada
National Soccer Stadium (Samoa), in Apia
Jennings Carmichael (24 February 1867 – 9 February 1904) was an Australian poet and nurse.
Life
Grace Elizabeth Jennings Carmichael was born on 24 February 1867 at Ballarat, Victoria. The daughter of Archibald Carmichael, a miner from Perthshire, Scotland and Margaret Jennings, née Clark, from Cornwall. They were educated at Melbourne, while still a child went to live on a station at Orbost, and grew up close to the bush they came to love so much. In 1888 they went to Melbourne to be trained as a nurse at the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne.
In 1891, Carmichael published a small volume of prose sketches, Hospital Children. Having qualified as a nurse they obtained a position on a station near Geelong, and subsequently married Francis Mullis. They contributed verse to the Australasian, and in 1895 Poems by Jennings Carmichael was published.
Carmichael was a member of the Austral Salon in the 1890s giving a public lecture on "The Spirit of the Bush" in September 1895 at the Masonic Hall in Melbourne with Alfred Deakin as chairperson.
Carmichael lived for a time in South Australia and then went to London, where they died of pneumonia in poor circumstances in 1904. In 1910 a small selection of their poems was published, in 1937 a plaque to their memory was unveiled at Orbost, and a year later a replica was placed in the public library at Ballarat. Two of Jennings Carmichael's sons were present at the ceremony.
Jennings Carmichael wrote much good and pleasant verse with occasional touches of poetry. Brunton Stephens called Miss Carmichael the Jean Ingelow of Australia. Comparisons of this kind have little value, but it may be said that Miss Carmichael's position in relation to the leading Australian poets, is not dissimilar to that of Miss Ingelow in comparison with Robert Browning and Alfred Tennyson, 1st Baron Tennyson.
Works
Hospital Children : sketches of life and character in the Children's Hospital, Melbourne (1891)
Poems (1895)
For Some One's Sake (1955)
Personal life
Carmichael married Henry Francis Mullis on 1 April 1895 in Fitzroy. Carmichael had four sons and a daughter.
References
1867 births
1904 deaths
Australian women poets
19th-century Australian poets
People from Ballarat
19th-century Australian women writers
20th-century Australian poets
20th-century Australian women writers
Louis de Lavau or Louis Irland de Lavau (died 4 February 1694) was a French clergyman, author of discourses and member of the Académie française.
Garde des livres of the cabinet du roi and a protégé of Colbert, they were elected to the Académie in 1679.
External links
Académie française
Year of birth unknown
1694 deaths
French abbots
Members of the Académie Française
Falesco is a winery and vineyard established in Montefiascone, Italy in 1979. It has been described as a "state-of-the-art winery" and its production facilities are now located in Montecchio. It is a family owned business, currently run by Riccardo Cotarella, their daughter Domain nah and their brother Renzo that has been described as a "sprawling property" of 670 acres, 370 of which are vineyards. Annual production is almost 3 million bottles. The estate straddles the border of Lazio and Umbria, about 50 miles north of Rome.
Riccardo Cotarella is assisted by winemaker Pier Paolo Chiasso.
The wines
Falesco does not utilize heavily planted, traditional Italian grape varieties such as Canaiolo and Trebbiano in its higher-quality wines. Although these varieties produce excellent yields, the winery maintains that the quality of the wines made from those varieties are not great. Breaking with Italian tradition, "they planted the best clones of Merlot available" to produce a wine they call "Montiano". Wine writer Lawrence Osborne has called Montiano a "globally significant wine."
Next, they bought a large hillside vineyard south of Orvieto which is planted in Cabernet Sauvignon. From these vines, they produce their wine called "Marciliano".
The winery also produces a distinctive local white wine called Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone.
This wine is "composed of 60 percent Trebbiano 30 percent Malvasia and 10 percent Roscetto", and is considered a "generic Umbrian cheap white known around the world."
They sell a white wine made from the roscetto grape is called "Ferentano".
Another of their offerings is a sweet wine called Aleatico di Gradoli.
Falesco has two product lines based on terroir. The "Latium line" comprises wines from Montefiascone in the Viterbo province in Latium, and the "Umbria line" comprises wines produced in the Montecchio and Orvieto area.
References
Wineries of Italy
Tinatin (Tina) Dalakishvili (, born 2 February 1991, Tbilisi) is a Georgian actor and model.
Biography
Born on February 2, 1991 in Tbilisi, their name is translated from Georgian as Sunbeam. By profession they are a landscape designer. They have had no acting education.
At the age of 17 they began a modeling career. They starred in several commercials, where they were noticed by Georgian film directors. They also played in several short films. In 2010 they debuted in the feature film thriller Season, directed by Dato Borchkhadze. The first fame they brought the role of Lesya in the romantic comedy by Rezo Gigineishvili Love with an Accent. Dalakishvili got into the project almost at the last moment, because initially Oksana Akinshina had to play Lesya.
In the film, they were noticed by director Anna Melikian, who personally flew to meet with the young actor in Georgia. In the Melikian movie Star, Tina played a major role.
They have become known overseas thanks to the distribution of the English-language sci-fi/fantasy film Abigail, in which Dalakishvili plays the title role.
Personal life
Since 2019, Tinatin resides together with their unmarried partner Nikusha Antadze, co-founder and creative director of the Georgian creative agency HOLMES&WATSON.
References
External links
Тинатин Далакишвили — звезда из новой плеяды молодых актёров
Актриса Тинатин Далакишвили: Для актёра важно быть разносторонним человеком, поэтому я работала официанткой, консультантом, продавцом и даже выгуливала собак
1991 births
Living people
Actors from Tbilisi
Female models from Georgia (country)
21st-century actores from Georgia (country)
Film actores from Georgia (country)
San Francesco is 17th-century Roman Catholic church, once attached to a Franciscan monastery, located just outside of the town of Fanano in the province of Modena, region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy. The church is now used as the chapel for the town cemetery.
The church was originally dedicated to the Madonna of the Assumption. The portico with ionic columns was erected in 1636. The interiors are decorated by Gherardini, Ascanio Magnanini and contemporary stucco artists.
References
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Churches in Fanano
Baroque architecture in Emilia-Romagna
The Archives of Republika Srpska () is an administrative organisation within the Ministry of Education and Culture of Republika Srpska, one of two constituent entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Archives' headquarters is in Banja Luka, and it has its regional offices in Doboj, Zvornik, Foča, Sokolac, and Trebinje. Its aim is to collect, store, preserve, organise, research, and provide access to archival materials on the territory of Republika Srpska, where it is designated as a central institution for the protection of cultural heritage. The Archives are also involved in research projects, exhibitions, and in the publishing of books and scholarly papers, mostly in the fields of archival science, history, and law. It is organised into two sectors, which are responsible for the protection of archival materials within and outside the Archives, respectively. The Archives currently holds 794 fonds and 35 collections, which span the period from the 17th century to the modern day.
Mission and activities
The work of the Archives of Republika Srpska comprises professional archival, cultural, administrative, research and service activities. It is regulated by the Law on Archival Activity (Zakon o arhivskoj djelatnosti) passed by the National Assembly of Republika Srpska, as well as by regulations and instructions issued by the Ministry of Education and Culture of the Government of Republika Srpska. According to the law, the Archives' mission is to collect, sort, process, research, preserve and protect public documentary and archival materials, as well as to publish and provide access to them. In this way, one of the tasks of the Archives is to protect both the interests of Republika Srpska and the personal rights of its individual citizens. The documentary and archival materials that the Archives collects come from legislative, executive, and judicial branches of government, public institutions, business organisations, civic associations, and other legal entities, as well as individuals, whose work and actions are considered to be of lasting importance for Republika Srpska in social, cultural, scientific, legal, and other matters. The sources of the materials are called the creators and owners of archival materials, and they are divided into three groups regarding their importance for the society of Republika Srpska within their respective fields of activity. The Archives are entitled to supervise the protection of archival materials while they are still kept by their creators and owners, before their ultimate transfer to the Archives.
The Archives are involved in research projects and in the publishing of books and scholarly papers, mostly in the fields of archival science, history, and law. Its publishing activities are mostly realised through the Association of Archivists of Republika Srpska, which also organises seminars for registry employees. The Archives cooperate with related institutions in other countries, and it has signed agreements on cooperation with the Archives of Serbia, Archives of Yugoslavia, Croatian State Archives, State Archives of the Republic of Macedonia, Budapest City Archives, International Institute for Archival Science of Trieste and Maribor, and a number of regional archives in Serbia. This cooperation is primarily reflected in exchanges of exhibitions of archival materials. As part of marking the First World War centenary in 2014, the Archives of Republika Srpska prepared the exhibition Young Bosnia and the Sarajevo Assassination, which toured Belgrade and other cities in Serbia, as well as Skopje in Macedonia. The Archives are designated as a central institution for the protection of the cultural heritage of Republika Srpska, along with the institutions such as the National and University Library of Republika Srpska and the Museum of Modern Art of Republika Srpska.
Organisation and facilities
The Archives of Republika Srpska is an administrative organisation within the Ministry of Education and Culture of the Government of Republika Srpska. Its headquarters is situated in Banja Luka, and it has its regional offices in Doboj, Zvornik, Foča, Sokolac, and Trebinje. It is organised into two sectors, each of which consists of two departments:
The Archives are managed by the director, and the sectors are run by the assistant directors. The activities of the department for classifying and processing and the department for the protection of archival materials outside the Archives are carried out on a territorial basis. In this respect, the territory of Republika Srpska is divided into six regions, one of which is under the jurisdiction of the Archives' headquarters, and the others are under the jurisdiction of the corresponding regional offices.
The premises of the Archives occupy in total, of which are used for the depots for storing archival materials. The main building of the Archives, where its headquarters is also located, is known in Banja Luka as Carska kuća, or Imperial House. It was built shortly after Austria-Hungary's occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1878 to serve the empire's military purposes. It measures by and contains two floors, but it lacks a basement. The building was thoroughly repaired between 2003 and 2006. It was then provided with equipment for restoration and preservation of archival materials and bindery equipment, bought through donations of the Government of Japan. Carska kuća has been in continuous public use longer than any other structure in Banja Luka. The Archives' regional offices have much weaker capacities for proper storing of archival materials. , the Archives has 32 employees, 18 of whom have academic degrees; 22 employees work in Banja Luka, three in Zvornik, two in Foča, two in Sokolac, two in Trebinje, and one employee works in Doboj.
Holdings
, the Archives of Republika Srpska holds 794 fonds and 35 collections. Out of these, 502 fonds and 25 collections are kept in Banja Luka, 120 fonds and 8 collections in Doboj, 94 fonds in Foča, 53 fonds and 2 collections in Trebinje, and 25 fonds in Zvornik. The archival materials span the period from the 17th century to the modern day. The Collection of Oriental Manuscripts and Documents is the oldest holding, and it includes documents from the period of Ottoman rule over Bosnia and Herzegovina written in Ottoman Turkish. The oldest fonds originated during Austria-Hungary's rule over Bosnia and Herzegovina. Later fonds come from the periods of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (1918–1941) and World War II, while most fonds cover the period of Socialist Yugoslavia (1945–1991). Nearly half of the fonds come from government bodies and public services. Others come from economy and banking; political organisations and citizens' associations; educational, scientific and cultural institutions; judiciary; social and health services; personal and family legacies; military bodies and institutions; and religious organisation. The library of the Archives of Republika Srpska contains more than 20,000 items of books and periodicals, including old publications from Austria-Hungary and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Twenty-four fonds and collections of the Archives of Republika Srpska were proclaimed National Monuments of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2007. These include the documentation of the Banja Luka District from 1878 to 1918, during Austria-Hungary's rule, and from 1919 to 1922, during the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes (renamed Yugoslavia in 1929). Also included is the documentation of the Banja Luka oblast (1922–1929) and the Vrbas Banate (1929–1941). Four fonds contain various documents of the Independent State of Croatia, a Nazi puppet state that existed during World War II in Yugoslavia (1941–1945). Nine fonds contain documents produced by commissions set up by the new Yugoslav authorities between 1944 and 1946 to investigate war crimes committed by the occupying forces and their domestic collaborators during World War II. Connected to the war is also the Collection of Documents of the Central Bosnia Chetnik Corps from 1943 to 1945. Documents of the Banja Luka District Court from 1878 to 1945 and of the Banja Luka Tobacco Factory from 1888 to the present day are gathered in their respective fonds. Documents produced between 1946 and 1957 by agrarian commissions in the Banja Luka District are merged into a single fonds. Included in the National Monument are also the Collection of Oriental Manuscripts and Documents from the 17th to the 20th Century, the Collection of Charts and Maps since 1807, and the Collection of Works by Veselin Masleša from 1928 to 1943 (including Masleša's original manuscripts).
History
The first archival institution in north-western Bosnia was established on 20 April 1953 as the Banja Luka City Archives. Previously, old documentary and archival materials were housed in museums and libraries. The Archives were founded by the People's Committee of Banja Luka; units of local government in Socialist Yugoslavia were then called people's committees. It was situated in the basement of the committee's headquarters (today used by the Banja Luka City Administration); it had two employees. Its jurisdiction was officially expanded on 30 May 1956, when it became the Banja Luka District Archives, responsible also for the Prijedor District. In 1958, a room at the local community office in Nova Topola was enabled to store archival materials collected in the Gradiška District. In 1963, the district assemblies of Banja Luka and Bihać decided to establish the Archives of Bosanska Krajina, the jurisdiction of which included 23 municipalities of the region of Bosanska Krajina; its headquarters remained in Banja Luka. It was the largest regional archives in Yugoslavia's federal unit of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Soon after its establishment, the holdings of the Archives of Bosanska Krajina consisted of around 250 fonds and 9 collections from the Ottoman, Austro-Hungarian, World War II, and post-war periods. Beside the archival collection centre in Nova Topla, such centres were also formed between 1963 and 1964 in Prijedor, Jajce, and Bihać. The Archives' storage facilities in Banja Luka were adversely affected by the destructive earthquake that struck the city on 27 October 1969. In 1973, the Archives was moved to the repaired Carska kuća building, where it is today. The archival collection centres in Bihać, Prijedor, and Jajce were abolished between 1981 and 1983.
Soon after the outbreak of the Bosnian War, the government of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Srpska Republika Bosna i Hercegovina; renamed as Republika Srpska in August 1992) decided on 31 May 1992 to establish the Archives of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was to be a state-owned public institution with its headquarters in Sarajevo. On 15 September 1992, the National Assembly of Republika Srpska decided that the Archives of Republika Srpska be an administrative organisation of the republic. However, the decision on the establishment of the Archives with its headquarters in Sarajevo was never realised, and the archival activities in Republika Srpska continued to be carried out by the Archives of Bosanska Krajina and the regional archives of Doboj and Foča. The Law on Ministries passed by the National Assembly of Republika Srpska on 11 September 1993 defined the Archives of Republika Srpska as an administrative organisation of the republic responsible for the archival activities on its territory, headquartered in Banja Luka and with its regional offices in Doboj and Foča. The new archival legislation augmented the one passed in 1987. The first director of the Archives of Republika Srpska was Nebojša Radmanović. During the war, the Archives organised two exhibitions and provided continuous services to students and researchers. Fifty-three researchers used the Archives in 1995, the last year of the war. At that time, it had 18 employees. The Archives were later placed under the Ministry of Education and Culture of the Government of Republika Srpska. The Archives' regional offices in Zvornik and Trebinje were established in 2001, and its regional office in Sokolac was established in 2008.
Notes
References
External links
Lists of fonds and collections held by the Archives of Republika Srpska
in Banja Luka
in Doboj
in Foča
in Trebinje
in Zvornik
Culture of Republika Srpska
Archives in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Organizations established in 1993
Buildings and structures in Republika Srpska
The USF Health Byrd Alzheimer's Institute is an Alzheimer's disease research center based in Tampa, Florida. The center was founded on July 1, 2002 as an independent, state-funded facility on the vision of former Florida Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, whose father suffered from the disease. Today, the Institute is a multi-disciplinary center at the University of South Florida and the world's largest freestanding diagnostic facility providing comprehensive memory care services in one location.
External links
USF Health Byrd Alzheimer's Institute main Website
Institute on Aging funds Alzheimer's Disease Centers
1004.445 f.s
Alzheimer's disease research
Medical research institutes in Florida
Redmond Bluff () is an abrupt east-facing bluff (1,200 m) standing 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km) east of Mount Dalmeny in the Anare Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for James R. Redmond, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) biologist at McMurdo Station, 1967–68.
Cliffs of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Lacroix Nunatak () is a ridge of terminal moraine, about long and high, standing immediately south of a small zone of low rocky ridges which protrude above the ice-covered point southwest of Cape Margerie, Adélie Coast, Antarctica. It was discovered in 1931 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition, and was named by Mawson after French mineralogist Alfred Lacroix. It was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and surveyed by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1949–51, which established an astronomical control station near its center.
See also
Mount Lacroix
References
Nunataks of Antarctica
Landforms of Adélie Land
General Sir James Stuart Steele (26 October 1894 – 24 July 1975) was a senior British Army officer who served as Adjutant-General to the Forces.
Early life and military career
Born in Ballycarry, County Antrim and educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution and at Queen's University Belfast, Steele was gazetted as a temporary second lieutenant in the Royal Irish Rifles, on 26 September 1914 during the First World War and posted to the 7th (Service) Battalion. They served on the Western Front from 1915 to 1917. They served at the battles of Messines, Somme and at Passchendaele. They were given a regular commission in June 1916. They were mentioned in despatches in April 1917 and was awarded the MC in August 1917. Steele served the rest of the war in India and was mentioned in despatches again.
Between the wars
They stayed in the army and attended the Staff College, Quetta from 1927 to 1928. They were promoted to brevet lieutenant colonel on 1 July 1936 and transferred to the Sherwood Foresters and was made a lieutenant colonel on 14 October 1937. Steele commanded the 1st Battalion, Sherwood Foresters from 1937 to 1939: the battalion was deployed to Jamaica in 1937 and to Palestine during the Arab revolt in Palestine in 1939. Returning to England, they were promoted to colonel on 27 June 1939 and made Assistant Adjutant-General at the War Office on the same date.
Second World War
In July 1939, Steele was posted to the mobilization branch of the War Office Staff. They signed the executive signal for the mobilization of the army. They were promoted to brigadier on 8 November 1939 and took over command of the 132nd Infantry Brigade in November 1939. They served in France and Belgium in 1940 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for their part in the engagement on the River Escaut and the subsequent withdrawal to Dunkirk.
Promoted to the acting rank of major-general on 15 February 1941, they became General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the 59th (Staffordshire) Infantry Division, a second line TA formation. Their major-general's rank was made temporary on 15 February 1942. Made an acting lieutenant-general on 8 April 1942, they commanded II Corps until September when they became Deputy Chief of Staff for Middle East Command in 1942. They returned to England and was then appointed Director of Staff Duties at the War Office in 1943, and was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) on 14 October 1943. They were promoted to major general on 20 September 1944 (with seniority backdated to 4 January 1944).
Postwar
Steele was promoted to lieutenant general in 1946. They were appointed Commander-in-Chief (C-in-C) and High Commissioner in Austria in 1946. In that capacity they signed a treaty with Marshal Tito. They were promoted to general in 1947. They were Adjutant-General to the Forces from 1947 to 1950 when they retired from the British Army.
They were awarded the CB in 1943, the KCB in 1949 and the GCB in 1950. They were also awarded the KBE in 1946.
They were colonel of the Royal Ulster Rifles from 1947 to 1957.
Family
They married Janet Gibson Gordon and together they went on to have two daughters.
Bibliography
References
External links
Generals of World War II
|-
|-
|-
|-
1894 births
1975 deaths
British Army generals
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
British Army generals of World War II
British Army personnel of World War I
British military personnel of the 1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Graduates of the Staff College, Quetta
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Military personnel from County Antrim
People educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution
People from County Antrim
Recipients of the Military Cross
Royal Ulster Rifles officers
Sherwood Foresters officers
War Office personnel in World War II
Lunik Point () is an ice-covered coastal point, lying northeast of Mount Dergach on the west side of the Ob' Bay, Antarctica. It was photographed and plotted by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1958, and named after "Lunik", the first Soviet moon module.
References
Headlands of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Ruediger May (born 26 November 1974 in Meerane, Saxony) is a prolific German cruiserweight boxer known for their stinging jab. They challenged once for the WBO world cruiserweight title in 2004.
Professional
As an amateur May boxed in 76 fights, managing to win 55, before turning professional on 26 February 1994 at the age of 19. They boxed their first professional fight in San Jose, California, winning the bout against Fred Simmons, by unanimous decision.
They went on to win their first 24 pro fights before winning the German BDB cruiserweight title on 4 September 1999 with a points victory over Silvio Meinel. This was however followed by their first professional defeat at the hands of Turkish boxer Turan Bagci in Spain. After 2 successful title defenses against Michael Klötzsch and Firat Arslan, May was given a shot at the EBU (European) cruiserweight title in a bout against Ukraine's Alexander Gurov in 2001. Gurov had won the European cruiserweight championship belt from no other than May's brother, Torsten May, that same year. Rudiger lost the bout however by TKO in the 4th round, their second pro defeat.
In 2002 they boxed Alexander Petkovic, with both the WBC International cruiserweight title and German International cruiserweight title at stake. The fight ended in a disappointing draw. In 2003 however May won the vacant EBU-EU (European Union) cruiserweight title with a victory over Frenchman Frédéric Serrat. They managed 3 title defences before being given another shot at the
EBU (European) cruiserweight title in 2004 against the holder Vincenzo Cantatore, a former Italian heavyweight champion and holder of the WBC International cruiserweight title. They boxed to another draw and the belt remained with Cantatore.
That same year May's promoter Wilfried Sauerland secured them a world championship fight with WBO titleholder Johnny Nelson. May missed their opportunity though, losing the bout by TKO in the 7th round.
In April 2005 May fought Poland's Krzysztof Wlodarczyk for the vacated EBU-EU (European Union) cruiserweight title but was beaten by knockout in the tenth round. Due to an alleged lack of prospects in professional boxing, May's promoter Sauerland arranged a better matched duel for May against the emerging and then still undefeated Marco Huck. May lost the fight on points over ten rounds.
After a two-year break from boxing, May returned to the ring on 31 March 2007 in a successful comeback fight against Sven Hazel. After two more victories they were handed another world championship fight, this time against WBC International cruiserweight titleholder Herbie Hide in March 2008. May lost the bout by technical knockout in the second round, Hide's power proving too much for May, despite their height advantage.
Record
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=8|43 Wins (11 knockouts, 32 decisions), 6 Loss, 3 Draws
|-
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Res.
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Opponent
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Type
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Rd.
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Date
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Venue
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Location
! style="text-align:center; border-style:none none solid solid; background:#e3e3e3;"|Notes
|-
| Loss
| Herbie Hide
|TKO
|2
|11 March 2008
|Maritim Hotel
| Halle an der Saale, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Jevgenijs Andrejevs
|Decision
|6
|17 November 2007
|Sporthalle "Neue Zeit"
| Schwedt, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Dzemail Skrijeli
|KO
|3
|7 July 2007
|Kölnarena
| Cologne, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Sven Haselhuhn
|TKO
|6
|31 March 2007
|Olympiahalle
| Munich, Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| Marco Huck
|Decision
|10
|3 September 2005
|International Congress Center
| Charlottenburg, Berlin, Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| Krzysztof Wlodarczyk
|KO
|10
|16 April 2005
|
| Bydgoszcz, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| Roman Bugaj
|Decision
|8
|4 December 2004
|Estrel Convention Center
| Neukölln, Berlin, Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| Johnny Nelson
|TKO
|7
|4 September 2004
|Grugahalle
| Essen, Germany
|
|-
|style="background:#abcdef;"|Draw
| Vincenzo Cantatore
|Draw
|12
|5 June 2004
|Chemnitz Arena
| Chemnitz, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Nate Zeikle
|KO
|2
|28 February 2004
|Mehrzweckhalle
| Dresden, Germany
|
|-
|style="background:#abcdef;"|Draw
| Vincenzo Rossitto
|Draw
|10
|22 November 2003
|Erdgas Arena
| Riesa, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Alain Simon
|Decision
|10
|6 September 2003
|Messehalle
| Erfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Ismail Abdoul
|Decision
|10
|31 May 2003
|Brandenburg Halle
| Frankfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Frédéric Serrat
|TD
|7
|15 March 2003
|Max Schmeling Halle
| Berlin, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Eric French
|TKO
|4
|1 February 2003
|Chemnitz Arena
| Chemnitz, Germany
|
|-
|style="background:#abcdef;"|Draw
| Alexander Petkovic
|Draw
|12
|20 July 2002
|Westfalenhalle
| Dortmund, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Vage Kocharyan
|Decision
|8
|27 April 2002
|Sachsen Arena
| Riesa, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Vladislav Druso
|Decision
|8
|9 March 2002
|Brandenburg Halle
| Frankfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| Alexander Gurov
|TKO
|4
|1 December 2001
|Westfalenhalle
| Dortmund, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Mohamed Ali Bouraoui
|TKO
|2
|1 September 2001
|Bördelandhalle
| Magdeburg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Firat Arslan
|Decision
|10
|19 May 2001
|Maritim Hotel
| Cologne, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Henry Mobio
|Decision
|8
|24 March 2001
|Bördelandhalle
| Magdeburg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Lee Manuel Ossie
|Decision
|12
|27 January 2001
|Sachsen Arena
| Riesa, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Mohamed Ali Bouraoui
|Decision
|8
|16 December 2000
|Europahalle
| Karlsruhe, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Michael Kloetzsch
|TKO
|3
|2 September 2000
|Bördelandhalle
| Magdeburg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Darron Griffiths
|Decision
|8
|6 May 2000
|Ballsporthalle
| Frankfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| Turan Bagci
|Decision
|8
|2 November 1999
|
| Ciudad Real, Spain
|
|-
| Win
| Silvio Meinel
|Decision
|10
|4 September 1999
|
| Meinsdorf, Brandenburg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Francis Fofoh
|Decision
|8
|8 May 1999
|Philipshalle
| Düsseldorf, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Nigel Rafferty
|Decision
|8
|27 February 1999
|Max-Schmeling-Halle
| Berlin, Prenzlauer Berg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Matthew Charleston
|Decision
|6
|5 December 1998
|
| Cologne, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Geert Blieck
|Decision
|6
|10 October 1998
|
| Vienna, Austria
|
|-
| Win
| Marco van Spaendonck
|Decision
|6
|23 March 1998
|Max-Schmeling-Halle
| Berlin, Prenzlauer Berg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Peter Hrivnak
|Decision
|6
|6 December 1997
|
| Neuwied, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Stephen Brown
|Decision
|6
|5 October 1997
|
| Gera, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Simon McDougall
|Decision
|6
|1 June 1997
|
| Riesa, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Jerry Halstead
|Decision
|6
|26 April 1997
|
| Leipzig, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Dan Kosmicki
|Decision
|6
|22 March 1997
|Max-Schmeling-Halle
| Berlin, Prenzlauer Berg, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Mike McGrady
|Decision
|6
|7 December 1996
|
| Vienna, Austria
|
|-
| Win
| Albert Call
|Decision
|6
|19 October 1996
|Zoo-Gesellschaftshaus
| Frankfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Tim St Clair
|TKO
|5
|25 May 1996
|Neue Messehallen
| Leipzig, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Slavomir Selicky
|Decision
|6
|20 April 1996
|
| Düsseldorf, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Carlos Vásquez
|KO
|2
|23 March 1996
|Madison Square Garden
| New York City, United States
|
|-
| Win
| Ed Mosley
|KO
|2
|17 February 1996
|Westfalenhalle
| Dortmund, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Cliff Elden
|Decision
|6
|29 January 1996
|Café Royal
|Piccadilly, London, United Kingdom
|
|-
| Win
| Scott Lindecker
|KO
|1
|3 November 1995
|Zoo-Gesellschaftshaus
| Frankfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Sean Gibbons
|KO
|4
|9 September 1995
|Seidenstickerhalle
| Bielefeld, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| John Keeton
|Decision
|6
|11 February 1995
|Festhalle Frankfurt
| Frankfurt, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Steve Osborne
|Decision
|6
|26 November 1994
|
| Wuppertal, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Art Stacey
|Decision
|6
|8 October 1994
|Gerry Weber Stadion
| Halle, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Nicky Wadman
|Decision
|4
|17 September 1994
|
| Leverkusen, Germany
|
|-
| Win
| Fred Simmons
|Decision
|4
|26 February 1994
|The Event Center Arena
| San Jose, United States
|
Other Information
Their brother is Torsten May, who was also a boxer.
In 2008 May spent a period of time as David Haye's sparring partner in Hayes preparation for their title defence fight with Enzo Maccarinelli and May's preparation for their world championship showdown with Herbie Hide.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from Meerane
German male boxers
Cruiserweight boxers
Sportspeople from Saxony
This is a list of parliamentary by-elections in England held between 1701 and 1707, with the names of the previous incumbent and the victor in the by-election.
In the absence of a comprehensive and reliable source, for party and factional alignments in this period, no attempt is made to define them in this article. The House of Commons: 1690-1715 provides some guidance to the complex and shifting political relationships, but it is significant that the compilers of that work make no attempt to produce a definitive list of each members allegiances.
Dates
During this period England counted its legal year as beginning on 25 March. For the purposes of this list the year is considered to have started on 1 January.
By-elections
The c/u column denotes whether the by-election was a contested poll or an unopposed return. If the winner was re-elected, at the next general election and any intermediate by-elections, this is indicated by an * following the c or u. In a few cases the winner was elected at the next general election but had not been re-elected in a by-election after the one noted. In those cases no * symbol is used.
4th Parliament of William III (1701)
5th Parliament of William III (1701–1702)
1st Parliament of Anne (1702–1705)
2nd Parliament of Anne (1705–1707)
References
List of MPs since 1660
Return of the name of every member of the lower house of parliament of England, Scotland, and Ireland, with name of constituency represented, and date of return, from 1213 to 1874.
The House of Commons 1690-1715, edited by David Hayton (Cambridge University Press 2002)
External links
History of Parliament: Members 1690-1715
History of Parliament: Constituencies 1690-1715
By-elections 1701
By-elections to the Parliament of England
1700s in England
By-elections 1701 to 1707
Anushilan Natyadal is a Bangladeshi Bengali theatre group. The theatre group was founded on 8 October 1979. The most of the members of the theatre group are students of Rajshahi University.
History
Anushilan Natyadal was founded on 8 October 1979. The primary aim of this theatre group was to bring social and cultural changes and generate awareness through theatre. This group produces both stage and street dramas and has produced more than 34 plays of which seven were stage dramas and twenty seven were street dramas.
The first stage drama performed by this theatre group was Ora Kadam Ali (1980). In November 2001, the group became a member of Bangladesh Group Theatre Federation.
Productions
(in alphabetical order)
Ekjon Sheuly
Kinu Kaharer Thetar (1998)
Ora Kadam Ali (1980)
Rother Roshi
''Shatagranthi (1991)
See also
Nattokendro
References
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in Bangladesh
José Santos Valdés Martinez (born August 1, 1997 in Saltillo, Mexico) is a Mexican sport shooter. They won the silver medal in the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in the 10 meters Air Rifle 10m Air Rifle Mixed International Teams (Mixed-NOC) event.
Career
Valdés participated in the 2014 ISSF World Cup, held at Fort Benning, where they claimed the 2nd place in the 10m Air Rifle Men Youth event. They scored 199.3 points.
They won a quota to participate in the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics after ending second in an American Continental YOG Qualification competition (2014 ISSF World Cup). There they claimed the precious silver medal in the 10m Air Rifle Mixed International Teams (Mixed-NOC) event, which they partnered with Fernanda Russo from Argentina.
References
External links
José Santos Valdés Profile at ISSF
1997 births
Living people
Mexican male sport shooters
Shooters at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Sportspeople from Saltillo
21st-century Mexican people
Russian Helicopters was a Russian UCI Continental cycling team.
2014 team roster
As of 1 January 2014.
Major wins
Source:
2013
Stage 4 Grand Prix of Adygeya, Alexander Foliforov
Stage 5 Grand Prix of Adygeya, Mamyr Stash
2014
Stage 3 Grand Prix of Sochi, Alexander Evtushenko
Stage 3 Grand Prix of Adygeya, Andrey Sazanov
Stage 5 Grand Prix Udmurtskaya Pravda, Evgeny Kovalev
References
Defunct cycling teams based in Russia
Cycling teams established in 2013
Cycling teams disestablished in 2014
UCI Continental Teams (Europe)
2013 establishments in Russia
2014 disestablishments in Russia
Barnaparichay or Barna Parichay (1855) is a Bengali primer written by 19th century Indian social reformer Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar. This is considered as "the most influential primer of Bengal". The primer had two parts (part I & part II) and was published. This reflected Vidayasagar's knowledge, expertise and background as a Sanskrit scholar. The success of the first part of the primer inspired Vidyasagar to work on the second part.
References
Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar
Bengali-language books
1855 books
Marcos Oliveira (born June 21, 1978) is a professional Brazilian jiu-jitsu and mixed martial arts fighter from Brazil. They compete in the heavyweight division of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu and mixed martial arts career
Formally starting their jiu jitsu instruction that year, Marcos de Oliveira had in Júlio César, Alexandre Baraúna and Marcos Bello (Universidade Gama Filho) their official instructors, who handed them their blue and purple belts.
At the age of 17 Marcos de Oliveira received their black belt in judo (1995).
In 2002 Marcos switched to the American Top Team (ATT) academy, as they meant to compete in mixed martial arts (debut in 2004). They received their brown belt and their black belt (December 2006) from the hands of Ricardo Libório, leader of ATT.
In 2010 Oliveira was invited to compete in the Abu Dhabi Fighting Championship Open Weight Grand Prix. They defeated Johan Romming in the first round and then defeated Neil Wain in the second round to reach the "one million dirhams (US$272,260.72)" final. Oliveira went to Thailand to improve their striking before the final fight. However, they lost to Shamil Abdurakhimov in round three.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–3
|Shamil Abdurakhimov
| TKO (punches)
| ADFC: Round 3
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:56
|Abu Dhabi, UAE
|ADFC Heavyweight tournament finals
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–2
|Neil Wain
| Decision (unanimous)
| ADFC: Round 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, UAE
|Advanced to the finals
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–2
|Johan Romming
| KO (punch)
| ADFC: Round 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:19
|Abu Dhabi, UAE
|Advanced to second round
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–2
|Kevin Jordan
| Decision (unanimous)
| FFP - Untamed 22
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–2
|Sean Thompson
| TKO (punches)
| NACC - North American Combat Challenge
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:38
|Key West, Florida, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|1–2
|Josh Haynes
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| XFC - Dome Of Destruction 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:21
|Tacoma, Washington, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|1–1
|Warren Kikaba
| Decision (unanimous)
| FCC 16 - Freestyle Combat Challenge 16
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Racine, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Anthony Barbier
| Submission (D'Arce choke)
| BONO 15 - Battle of New Orleans 15
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:29
|Metairie, Louisiana, United States
|
|-
References
External links
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Mixed martial artists utilizing capoeira
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Brazilian capoeira practitioners
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian male judoka
Living people
1978 births
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Ljubiša Stojmirović (; born 11 September 1950) is a politician in Serbia. They have served several terms in the National Assembly of Serbia. Formerly a member of the far-right Serbian Radical Party, they have been a member of the Serbian Progressive Party since its founding in 2008.
Early life and career
Stojmirović was born in Belgrade, in what was then the People's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. They received a bachelor's degree from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Organizational Sciences in 1978, focusing on organizational cybernetics. They subsequently received a master's degree from the same institution in 1980 and a Ph.D. from the Faculty of Mathematics in 1998. Stojmirović taught at the Central Economic School in Grocka from 1982 to 1985, worked for a time at the maritime agency Jugoagent, began teaching at the Belgrade Business School in 2000, and became a full professor at the latter institution in 2005.  They are now retired and divides their time between Belgrade and Crna Trava.
Political career
Radical Party
The Milošević years (1991–2000)
Stojmirović joined the Radical Party in 1991, the year of the party's formation, and was a frequent candidate for public office in the 1990s. They sought election to the Yugoslavian federal assembly's Chamber of Citizens in the May 1992 federal election in the single-member constituency of Mladenovac and finished second against Radivoje Jovanović of the Socialist Party of Serbia.
They subsequently received the eighteenth position on the Radical Party's electoral list for the Belgrade division in the 1992 Serbian parliamentary election and the fourteenth position in the same division in the 1993 parliamentary election. The Radicals won twelve seats in Belgrade in 1992 and seven in 1993; Stojmirović was not selected for its assembly delegation on either occasion. (From 1992 to 2000, Serbia's electoral law stipulated that one-third of parliamentary mandates would be assigned to candidates from successful lists in numerical order, while the remaining two-thirds would be distributed by the sponsoring parties amongst other candidates. It was common practice for the latter mandates to be awarded out of numerical order. Stojmirović could have been awarded a mandate on either occasion despite their relatively low position, but they were not.)
They received the second position on the Radical Party's list for the Voždovac division in the 1996 Yugoslavian parliamentary election. The Radicals won only one seat in the division, and they were again not elected.
For the 1997 Serbian parliamentary election, Stojmirović received the eighth position on the Radical Party's list for the Čukarica division in Belgrade. The party won four mandates in the division, and on this occasion they were included in its assembly delegation, serving their first term in parliament. The election was won by the Socialist Party of Serbia and its allies. The Radicals initially served in opposition, although from 1998 to 2000 the party participated in a coalition government with the Socialists and the Yugoslav Left. After the fall of Slobodan Milošević's administration in October 2000, a new transitional government was established that excluded the Radicals, and the party returned to opposition.
Stojmirović ran in Zvezdara's ninth constituency for the City Assembly of Belgrade in the 2000 Serbian local elections. They lost to Dragan Šutanovac of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia.
After the fall of Milošević (2000–08)
Serbia's electoral system was reformed prior to the 2000 Serbian parliamentary election, with the entire country becoming a single electoral constituency and parliamentary mandates being awarded to listed candidates at the discretion of successful parties, without any specific reference to numerical order. Stojmirović was included on the Radical Party's list in 2000. The party won twenty-three seats, and they were not included in its assembly delegation.
They were elected to both the Belgrade city assembly and the Zvezdara municipal assembly in the 2004 Serbian local elections, leading the Radical Party's list in the latter jurisdiction. They were president (i.e., mayor) of Zvezdara from February to June 2005, in the context of a local alliance with the Democratic Party of Serbia, the Socialists, and other parties. They also sought election as chair of the Assembly of the City of Belgrade in November 2007, although they were not successful.
They were included on the Radical Party's electoral lists in the 2007 and 2008 parliamentary elections, though they were not included in its assembly delegation on either occasion. They were also included on the Radical Party's list for the Belgrade city assembly and again held the lead position on the party's list for the Zvezdara municipal assembly in the 2008 Serbian local elections, but they did not take a seat at either level.
Progressive Party
The Radical Party experienced a serious split in late 2008, with several of its members joining the more moderate Serbian Progressive Party under the leadership of Tomislav Nikolić and Aleksandar Vučić. Stojmirović sided with the Progressives.
Serbia's electoral system was reformed once again in 2011, such that parliamentary mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists. Stojmirović received the thirty-fourth position on the Progressive Party's Let's Get Serbia Moving list for the 2012 parliamentary election and was elected when the list won seventy-three mandates. The Progressives formed a new coalition government with the Socialists and other parties after the election, and Stojmirović served as a government supporter. They were re-elected in the 2014 and 2016 elections, in which the Progressive-led lists won landslide victories.
During the 2016–20 parliament, Stojmirović was the deputy chair of the assembly's committee on education, science, technological development, and the information society; a member of the foreign affairs committee and of the European Union–Serbia stabilization and association parliamentary committee; the head of Serbia's delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Central European Initiative; the head of Serbia's parliamentary friendship group with Cuba; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Albania, Algeria, Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Belarus, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Chile, China, Djibouti, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Fiji, The Gambia, Georgia, Ghana, Guyana, Israel, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lesotho, Malawi, Micronesia, Moldova, Nepal, North Macedonia, Oman, the Philippines, Russia, Sierra Leone, Tajikistan, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Vietnam, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
They received the fifty-sixth position on the Progressive Party's Aleksandar Vučić — For Our Children electoral list in the 2020 parliamentary election and was elected to a fifth term when the list won a landslide victory with 188 mandates. They continue to serve on the education and science committee and is a member of the subcommittee on the information society and digitalization, a deputy member of the stabilization and association committee, and a deputy member of the committee on the diaspora and Serbs in the region.  They are still the leader of Serbia's friendship group with Cuba and is a member of the friendship groups with Albania, Algeria, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burundi, Cambodia, Canada, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Djibouti, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, France, The Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Guyana, the Holy See, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Latvia, Lesotho, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malawi, Malta, Mexico, Micronesia, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, the Netherlands, North Korea, North Macedonia, Norway, Oman, Palestine, Pakistan, Peru, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, South Korea, the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa, Syria, Tajikistan, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, Venezuela, Vietnam, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Electoral record
Federal (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia)
Municipal (City Assembly of Belgrade)
References
1950 births
Living people
Politicians from Belgrade
People from Crna Trava
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the City Assembly of Belgrade
Mayors of places in Serbia
Members of the Parliamentary Dimension of the Central European Initiative
Serbian Radical Party politicians
Serbian Progressive Party politicians
Alina Saldanha is an Indian politician from the state of Goa.  They are a former member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Cortalim constituency.
Political career
They entered politics after the death of their husband José Matanhy de Saldanha in 2012, they were the sitting member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Cortalim constituency. They fought the by poll from their seat.
Ministry
They were the only woman Minister in the Laxmikant Parsekar led government in Goa.
Portfolios
 They are in charge of
Environment
Rural Development
Ex-Forest
Museum
Science & Technology
References
External links
Council of Ministers
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Living people
Women in Goa politics
People from Mormugao
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Aam Aadmi Party politicians from Goa
Goa MLAs 2017–2022
Women members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Church on Sunday may refer to:
"Church on Sunday", a 2016 song by Grace from FMA
"Church on Sunday", a 2000 song by Green Day from Warning
Church on Sunday, a 2019 album by Blac Youngsta
Erica Williams, better known as Simple E, is an American former R&B and hip hop pop singer-songwriter, whose debut 1994 single "Play My Funk", made the US Billboard R&B chart, and appeared on the Sugar Hill soundtrack.
Simple E was signed to Fox Records, who then released their only album, Colouz Uv Sound on October 11, 1994. Two singles were released, "Blue Jeans" and "Play My Funk", which reached 72 on the Billboard Hot 100. Simple E appeared on Cherokee's 1999 album, I Love You...Me.
Discography
References
Living people
American contemporary R&B singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The National Prize for Sciences () was an award that was part of the National Prize of Chile until 1992. It was created by law 16746, promulgated on 24 January 1968, and published in the Official Journal on 14 February of the same year. This made the National Commission for Scientific and Technological Research (CONICYT) an autonomous body with legal personhood.
This prize was granted to the Chilean scientist or team of scientists whose work in the field of pure or applied sciences was entitled to such distinction (per Article 2 of Law 16746). Initially it was granted annually, being modified by Law 17595 of 1972, which ordered that it would be given every two years.
In 1992, through Law 19169, it was replaced by the National Prizes for Exact Sciences, Natural Sciences, and Applied Sciences and Technologies.
Winners
1969, (biology)
1970, Herbert Appel (chemistry)
1971, Ricardo Donoso Novoa (history)
1973, (medicine)
1975, (biology)
1977, Jorge Mardones Restart (pharmacology)
1979, Héctor Croxatto (biology)
1981, (physics)
1983, Hermann Niemeyer (biochemistry)
1985, Luis Vargas Fernández (physiology)
1987, (genetics)
1989, Gustavo Höeker Salas (immunology)
1991, Enrique Tirapegui Zurbano (physics)
See also
CONICYT
References
1969 establishments in Chile
1992 disestablishments in South America
Chilean science and technology awards
Awards disestablished in 1992
The grey-and-buff woodpecker (Hemicircus concretus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia (Sumatra and Borneo), Malaysia, southern Myanmar, and southern Thailand, but has become regionally extinct in Singapore. Its natural habitats are lowland and montane tropical or subtropical moist broadleaf forests.
Taxonomy
The grey-and-buff woodpecker was formally described by the Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck in 1821 and given the binomial name Picus concretus. The type locality is western and central Java. The species is now placed in the genus Hemicircus that was introduced in 1837 by the English naturalist William John Swainson.
Two subspecies are recognised:
H. c. sordidus (Eyton, 1845) – Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Borneo and nearby islands
H. c. concretus (Temminck, 1821) – Java
The species is sometimes split with H. concretus as the red-crested woodpecker and H. sordidus as the grey-and-buff woodpecker.
Description
The species has a plump body and short rounded tail, and grows to a length of about . The head appears large because of the slender neck and the large, cone-shaped crest. The head is largely grey, with a fine white, wavy line running from the cheek to the mantle. In males the forehead is red and the crest grey, while in females, both are grey. Body upper parts and wings are blackish, the feathers being edged with white or buff giving a scalloped effect. Underparts are grey, the tail and underwing dark, and the legs are grey or brown. The beak is long, slender and grey with a black tip, and the iris is chestnut. A gland of unknown function is on the back, the secretions from which sometimes stain the white rump.
Distribution and habitat
This woodpecker is native to tropical southeastern Asia. Its range extends from southern Myanmar and peninsular Thailand and Malaysia, to Sumatra and Borneo. It is a resident species found in lowland and mid-elevation evergreen rainforests, particularly clearings and forest edges, also in plantations, bamboo thickets, cleared areas, wooded urban areas and cultivated land.
Behaviour and ecology
The grey-and-buff woodpecker is usually seen singly or in pairs, but sometimes occurs in mixed species flocks foraging in the canopy. It mainly feeds by gleaning rather than by drilling into the wood, the diet consisting of insects and fruit, including mistletoe (Loranthus) berries. The birds roost communally at night in shallow holes they excavate near each other in dead wood. Nesting takes place in deeper holes or crevices, the breeding season being between December and July.
Status
Although H. concretus occurs in a range of habitats, numbers are thought to be in gradual decline through loss of habitat, and it has become locally extinct in Singapore. It has a very large range and is generally described as being uncommon. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
grey-and-buff woodpecker
Birds of Malesia
grey-and-buff woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Yule Mervyn Charles McCann (4 December 1899 – 29 November 1980) was a naturalist in India. They wrote a popular book on the trees of India and edited a major regional flora apart from publishing many of their other observations, mainly in the journal of the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) that they were associated with.
Early life
Born at Castle Rock in India, their exposure to the wilderness during their childhood in the forests of the Goa area shaped their lifelong interest in natural history:
They studied at St. Mary's High school at Mazagaon in Bombay (now Mumbai) and worked for a while under Father Ethelbert Blatter at St. Xavier's College as a laboratory assistant and curator. During 1916-1920 they worked under Blatter on botany. They briefly worked with the Bombay city police and then joined the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) as a collector for the Mammal Survey. They worked on the survey around 1921-22 in the Palni Hills and also in the Indus delta areas.
Career
McCann became the Assistant Curator and served as editor of the Journal of the BNHS. They were involved in the development of the Natural History galleries of the Prince of Wales Museum of Bombay. They were a prolific writer and published 200 articles and papers in the Journal of the BNHS, covering plants, birds, mammals and insects. They were also a fellow of the Linnean Society of London.
In 1946 they resigned their post at the BNHS and migrated to New Zealand. The Executive Committee of the Bombay Natural History Society noted:
In New Zealand they joined the Dominion Museum (now Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa) at Wellington as a Vertebrate Zoologist. They became interested in the whale and seal collections as well as deep-sea fishes. They also made significant contributions to New Zealand herpetology.
The BNHS instituted the Charles McCann Vertebrate Fieldwork Fund in their memory to promote field research.
Family
McCann married Eleanor Mary Allen (b. 1906) and they had three children Carlyle (“Carl”) Ethelbert McCann (1928–1995), Trevor Ian McCann (1930–2006) and Marie Dolores McCann (1934–2005). After the death of Eleanor in 1956 they married Muriel Florence
Mottershead and they had a son Robbie McCann.
Publications
A partial list of publications.
Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society
(1930) Nidification of Storks. JBNHS. 34(2):579-581.
(1931) Courtship of the Scarlet Minivet (Pericrocotus speciosus). JBNHS. 34(4):1061-1062.
(1931) Notes on the Whistling School Boy or Malabar Whistling Thrush (Myiophoneus horsfieldi, Vigors). JBNHS. 35(1):202-204.
(1932) Notes on the nesting habits of the Red-vented Bulbul (Molpastes cafer). JBNHS. 35(3):680-681.
(1936) The Short-eared Owl Asio flammeus (Pontopp.) out at sea. JBNHS. 38(3):623-624.
(1940) A note on the Alpine Swift (Micropus melba bakeri Hartert). JBNHS. 42(1):198-199.
Hughes, A R & McCann, C (1939) On the road to Gersoppa and back. JBNHS. 41:446.
(1932) Nestling of the Indian Pied Kingfisher (Ceryle rudis) attacked by larvae of parasitic fly. JBNHS. 35(4):897-898.
(1933) The Brown Hawk-owl (Ninox scutulata Raffles) feeding on bats. JBNHS. 36(4):1002-1003.
(1937) Curious behaviour of the Jungle Crow (Corvus macrorhynchus) and the White-backed Vulture (Gyps bengalensis). JBNHS. 39(4):864.
(1937) The distribution of the White-eared Bulbul (Molpastes leucogenys leucotis (Gould)) in the swamps near the Vaitarna River. JBNHS. 39(4):864-865.
(1937) The breeding of the Little Green Bittern (Butorides striatus javanicus) in Salsette Island. JBNHS. 39(4):869-870.
(1939) The Flamingo (Phoenicopterus ruber antiquorum Temm.). JBNHS. 41(1):12-38.
(1941) Vultures and palms. JBNHS. 42(2):439-440.
(1941) Curious nesting site of the Red-wattled Lapwing (Lobivanellus indicus indicus Bodd.). JBNHS. 42(2):439-440.
(1947) Flamingoes in Kutch-a comment. JBNHS. 47(1):164-166.
(1954) Birds associating natural phenomena with food supply. JBNHS. 52(2-3):607-609.
(1955) Has the Cuckoo a protrusible ovipositor? JBNHS. 52(4):931-932.
(1942) A 'busman's' holiday in the Abu Hills. JBNHS. 43(2):206-217.
(1941) Two naturalists visit Karwar, North Kanara. JBNHS. 42(3):602-610.
(1943) The rains come to the Abu hills. JBNHS. 43(4):641-647.
On the Breeding Habits of some Myriapoda. JBNHS. 26: 303–4.
A note on the Habits of the Large-scaled Earth Snake (Silybura macrolepis) JBNHS 29: 1062–3.
Occurrence of the worm-like Batrachian Ichthyophis monochrous at Khandala, Poona District. JBNHS 31: 1039.
The Study of Plant Life—(3 parts) Vols. JBNHS 32: 692–703 (2 plates & 5 text-figures) and JBNHS 33: 35–46, 262–278.
Notes on the Flowering of Strobilanthes callosus JBNHS 34: 264–65.
Notes on some wild species of Aroids JBNHS 34: 518–21.
On the Fertilization of the Flowers of the Sausage-Tree (Kigelia pinnata) by Bats JBNHS 35: 467–71.
Notes on Indian Batrachians (10 plates, 2 text-figures) JBNHS 36: 152–80.
Notes on the Flying Fox (Pteropus giganteus) JBNHS 37: 143–49.
Notes on the Common Land Crab (Paratelphusa guerini) of Salsette. JBNHS 39: 531.
The Flamingo (Phoenicopterus ruber antiquorum Temm.) (7 plates) JBNHS 41: 21–38.
A Reptile and Amphibian Miscellany. 2 parts. (15 plates 3 text-figures) JBNHS 41: 742–64; JBNHS 42: 45–64.
Two naturalists visit Karwar, N. Kanara (1 plate) JBNHS 42: 602–10.
The Rains come to the Abu Hills. (with a plate) JBNHS 43: 641–47.
With Blatter, REV. E., S. J. PH.D., F.I.S.
Revision of the Flora of the Bombay Presidency—16 parts Vols. JBNHS 32–36.
Two new Species of Grasses from Panchgani (Satara District) JBNHS 32: 357–58.
Some new species of Plants from the Western Ghats. JBNHS 32: 733-36.
A New Ceropegia from the Western Ghats. JBNHS 34: 936.
Another new Ceropegia from the Western Ghats. JBNHS 35: 409.
Books
(1959) 100 Beautiful trees of India
References
External links
Blatter, E; Charles McCann (1935) Bombay grasses. ICAR, Delhi.
British naturalists
1899 births
1980 deaths
Naturalists of British India
British emigrants to New Zealand
People associated with the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
20th-century naturalists
Members of the Bombay Natural History Society
British people in colonial India
Schickendantz is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Friedrich Schickendantz (1837–1896), German-Argentine scientist
Guillermo Schickendantz (born 1979), Argentine field hockey player
See also
Schickedanz
German-language surnames
Stan Meissner (born August 28, 1956) is a Canadian composer, singer, and songwriter from Toronto, Ontario.
Their career includes both hits in Canada and internationally abroad. Having been a composer and songwriter for over 35 years, Meissner has written and composed music for many international acts, artists and tv-series.
Career
As a recording artist, Meissner has released three CDs: Dangerous Games, Windows to Light and Undertow, while as a writer their songs have been recorded by Celine Dion, Eddie Money, Ricochet, Farmer's Daughter, Rita Coolidge, BJ Thomas, Alias, Triumph, Ben Orr (The Cars), Eric Clapton, Darby Mills, Lee Aaron, Carl Dixon, Toronto and Lara Fabian. In addition, Meissner has written music for several TV shows and films including Beverly Hills 90210, Hang Time, Forever Knight, Tekwar, Sweating Bullets/Tropical Heat, Little Criminals (CBC), Phenom, Tales from the Crypt, A&E Biography, Amy Fisher: My Story, My Secret Identity, Friday the 13th Parts 7 & 8, Friday the 13th: The Series, Ghoulies 3, Life Goes On and Shining Time Station.
Meissner is also the creative force behind the duo Metropolis with Peter Fredette. The Metropolis debut CD included "The Darkest Side of the Night", which was featured as the title track on Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan.
Meissner is the past president of SOCAN, having served as the president and chairperson of the board of directors (2012–2018), and having previously served as Treasurer (2003–2012) and President of the SOCAN Foundation (2006–2012).  They are also the chairperson of the board of directors of the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame (2012–present), and they have served as President of the Songwriters Association of Canada (2000–2006). They have been very active in the songwriting community, working as a tireless advocate to further a more positive environment for creators in Canada and around the world.
Discography
Studio albums
Dangerous Games (1983)
Windows to Light (1986)
Undertow (1992)
with Metropolis
The Power of the Night (1999)
Singles
"I Need Your Love" / "Walking in the Dark" (A&M, 1984)
"Hide the Night Away" / "Walk Out of My Life" (A&M, 1984)
"Once Over" / "Once Over" (A&M, 1984)
"One Chance" / "Coming out of Nowhere" (A&M, 1985)
"I Want Everything" / "Surrender to You" (A&M, 1986)
"Can't Break Away from You" / "I Need Your Love" (A&M, 1986)
"River of Fire" (Duke Street 1992)
"It's No Secret" (Duke Street 1992)
"Someone Like You" (Duke Street 1993)
"The Lucky One" (Duke Street 1993)
Awards
Gemini Award recipient for music on CBC's 'It's Only Rock And Roll'
B.C. Country Music Association 'Songwriter of the Year' – 1999
Juno Award nominee 'Songwriter of the Year' – 2000
Juno Award nominee 'Most Promising Male Vocalist' −1986
Socan No. 1 Award for writing 'Leila' (1995 – sung by Lara Fabian)
Socan Airplay Award for 'Il Suffit D'une Eclair' (1994 – sung by Lara Fabian)
Socan Airplay Award for 'Leila' (1995 – sung by Lara Fabian)
Canadian Music Publishers Award for 'One Chance' (among the top Canadian hits of 1987–1988)
Multiple RIAA and CRIA Gold and Platinum Records
References
External links
Official website
1956 births
Living people
Canadian male singers
Canadian pop singers
Canadian songwriters
Musicians from Toronto
Writers from Toronto
Yukarıkavacık is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Peter Joseph Dalessandro (May 18, 1918 – October 15, 1997) was United States Army soldier who earned the United States' highest military honor — the Medal of Honor — on December 22, 1944, for action occurring in the European Theatre of Operations during World War II.
Medal of Honor citation
Rank and organization: Technical Sergeant, U.S. Army, Company E, 39th Infantry, 9th Infantry Division.
Place and date: Near Kalterherberg, Germany, December 22, 1944.
Entered service at: Watervliet, N.Y.
Born: May 19, 1918, Watervliet, N.Y.
G.O. No.: 73, August 30, 1945.
Citation:
They were with the 1st Platoon holding an important road junction on high ground near Kalterherberg, Germany, on 22 December 1944. In the early morning hours, the enemy after laying down an intense artillery and mortar barrage, followed through with an all-out attack that threatened to overwhelm the position. T/Sgt. Dalessandro, seeing that their men were becoming disorganized, braved the intense fire to move among them with words of encouragement. Advancing to a fully exposed observation post, they adjusted mortar fire upon the attackers, meanwhile firing upon them with their rifle and encouraging their men in halting and repulsing the attack. Later in the day the enemy launched a second determined attack. Once again, T/Sgt. Dalessandro, in the face of imminent death, rushed to their forward position and immediately called for mortar fire. After exhausting their rifle ammunition, they crawled 30 yards over exposed ground to secure a light machine gun, returned to their position, and fired upon the enemy at almost point blank range until the gun jammed. They managed to get the gun to fire 1 more burst, which used up their last round, but with these bullets they killed 4 German soldiers who were on the verge of murdering an aid man and 2 wounded soldiers in a nearby foxhole. When the enemy had almost surrounded him, they remained alone, steadfastly facing almost certain death or capture, hurling grenades and calling for mortar fire closer and closer to their outpost as they covered the withdrawal of their platoon to a second line of defense. As the German hordes swarmed about him, they were last heard calling for a barrage, saying, "OK, mortars, let me have it--right in this position!" The gallantry and intrepidity shown by T/Sgt. Dalessandro against an overwhelming enemy attack saved their company from complete rout.
They were captured during the battle and spent the rest of the war as a prisoner of war.
After the war
After returning home a war hero, Dalessandro was elected as a Democrat to the New York State Senate in 1947, representing the 35th district from 1947 to 1954 and the 36th from 1955 until their resignation in 1957. They were a member of the American Legion, Catholic War Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars and the Elks.
They died in 1997.
Honors
A portion of County Route 151 alongside Albany International Airport has been named in their honor in Colonie, New York.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
External links
1918 births
1997 deaths
People from Watervliet, New York
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) state senators
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Army soldiers
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Burials at Gerald B. H. Solomon Saratoga National Cemetery
American prisoners of war in World War II
20th-century American politicians
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Jamie Coughlan (born 13 January 1992) is an Irish hurler who plays for Cork Senior Championship club Newtownshandrum and at inter-county level with the Cork senior hurling team. They currently line out as a right corner-forward.
Playing career
Newtownshandrum
Coughlan joined the Newtownshandrum club at the age of five and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels with amalgamated side Shandrum. Om 23 October 2010, they were an unused substitute when Newtownshandrum defeated Duhallow by 1-19 to 1-16 to win the Cork Under-21 Championship.
On 3 May 2009, Coughlan made their first championship appearance at senior level when Newtownshandrum defeated Glen Rovers by 2-15 to 1-12. On 11 October, they scored 1-01 from right corner-forward when Newtownshandrum defeated Sarsfields by 3-22 to 1-12 to win the Cork Senior Championship. Coughlan's debut season ended with further success on 29 November following Newtownshandrum's 2-11 to 2-09 defeat of Ballygunner to win the Munster Championship.
Cork
Minor and under-21
Coughlan first played for Cork at minor level on 25 June 2008 and scored two goals after being introduced as a substitute in Cork's 4-13 to 1-06 Munster Championship defeat of Waterford. On 13 July, Coughlan started on the bench but was once again introduced as a substitute in Cork's 0-19 to 0-18 Munster final defeat of Tipperary.
On 15 July 2011, Coughlan made their debut in the under-21 grade in a 4-19 to 1-21 defeat of Tipperary. They top scored with 0-12 in the subsequent 1-27 to 4-20 Munster final defeat by Limerick.
Senior
Coughlan made their first appearance for the Cork senior team on 23 January 2011 and scored seven points in a 3-17 to 1-22 defeat of University College Cork in the pre-season Waterford Crystal Cup. They were an unused substitute throughout the subsequent National Hurling League and Munster Championship. Coughlan made their championship debut on 18 June, scoring two goals, in Cork's 10-20 to 1-13 All-Ireland Qualifier defeat of Laois.
On 11 March 2012, Coughlan made their first appearance in the National Hurling League. They were introduced as a 59th-minute substitute for Ben O'Connor in a 2-18 to 2-17 defeat of Dublin.
On 8 September 2013, Coughlan lined out at left corner-forward in the All-Ireland final against Clare having earlier lost the Munster final to Limerick. They were held scoreless during the game which ended in a draw. Coughlan was dropped in favour of Cian McCarthy for the subsequent replay on 28 September, which saw Cork lose by 5–16 to 3–16.
On 13 July 2014, Coughlan was an unused substitute when Cork won the Munster Championship after a 2-24 to 2-18 defeat of Limerick in the final.
After failing to secure a regular place on the starting fifteen, Coughlan contemplated leaving the panel in favour of travel in June 2015. They remained with the team and lined out in Cork's subsequent championship games that season.
In January 2016, Coughlan was effectively dropped from the Cork senior team when they failed to be included on Kieran Kingston's panel for the 2016 National Hurling League.
Kingston's departure saw Coughlan return to the Cork panel under new manager John Meyler. On 1 July 2018, they won a second Munster Championship medal as an unused substitute following a 2-24 to 3-19 defeat of Clare in the final.
Career statistics
Club
Inter-county
References
External links
Jamie Coughlan profile at the Cork GAA website
1992 births
Living people
Newtownshandrum hurlers
CIT hurlers
Cork inter-county hurlers
St James' Church, Norlands, is a historic listed church in London, United Kingdom. It is affiliated with the Church of England. It was designed by architects Lewis Vulliamy and Robert Jewell Withers, and its construction was completed in 1845. The church was consecrated on 17 July of the same year. It is listed as Grade II by English Heritage.
The church is built of white Suffolk bricks and is orientated east to west with the tower positioned south of the central bay. The entrance is through a porch, built into base of the tower, facing down Addison Avenue. The simple body of the church makes the three-stage tower, built in 1850, stand out. The first stage has gabled Buttresses with roll-moulded edges. The second stage has a clock-face set in on each side and is considerably shorter than any other stage. The final belfry stage has two deeply-recessed paired lancets flanked by single blind lancet panels. There is a drawing in Kensington Public Library which shows that the tower was designed to have been topped with a broach spire, however, this was never built, and the tower seems somewhat abrupt and unfinished without it, as the thin octagonal pinnacles on each corner stand out against the sky.
Vulliamy's original design provided polygonal apsidal projections at the east and west ends, but these were never built. In 1876 the eastern end was extended by the architect, R. J. Withers. These extensions provide the present chancel, vestries and an organ chamber.
The church is set in a small garden square, which is laid out in an informal style and is mainly two lawn areas with planting at the edges. The views are dominated by the mature chestnut and lime trees which surround the garden. These gardens are private and used by adjacent properties, and only open to the public occasionally.
Present day
The parish of "St. Clement with St. Mark, Notting Dale and St. James, Norlands" is part of the Archdeaconry of Middlesex in the Diocese of London. The church stands in the Liberal Catholic tradition of the Church of England.
References
Holland Park
Church of England church buildings in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Grade II listed churches in London
Churches completed in 1845
Norlands
Frédéric Kibassa Maliba (28 December 1939 – 5 April 2003) was a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
Kibassa held the positions of Deputy Minister of Mines and then Minister of Mines in the Laurent-Désiré Kabila government. They were accused of misappropriating funds in June 2000, while they were Minister of Mines.
Background
Kibassa was born on 28 December 1939 near Lubumbashi in Katanga Province.
They attended primary and secondary schools in their hometown.
They then attended the University of Congo, still in Lubumbashi.
Their studies were in preparation for a diplomatic career.
From 1965 until 1966 they were a provincial minister of Education.
They were elected Deputy of Lubumbashi in 1970 and again in 1975.
In 1979 they were appointed State Commissioner for Sports and Leisure.
Mobutu regime
In November 1980, Kibassa was among thirteen members of parliament who signed an "open letter to the president of the republic", a ten-point document cataloging corruption and abuse of power in the regime, and calling for legalization of a second political party. The thirteen signatories were arrested and stripped of their parliamentary seats.
They were a founding member of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress (Union pour la démocratie et le progrès social, UDPS) in 1982, and the party's first President.
While president of the UDPS, in 1987 they joined the government of President Mobutu Sese Seko.
They were appointed Minister of Youth and Sports.
In 1991 the UDPS split into two factions. The UDPS-Orthodoxe was led by Etienne Tshisekedi and the UDPS-Legale by Kibassa Maliba.
In October 1991 Kibassa Maliba was serving as chairperson of the Union Sacrée de l'Opposition Radicale (USOR), which was formed in 1991 as a coalition of opposition groups that included the UDPS.
In January 1993 troops from the elite Division spéciale présidentielle made a rocket attack on Kibassa's family home.
Their 28-year-old son, Berthos, was killed and other family members badly injured. Tshisekedi was the prime minister of the country at the time.
In June 1994 soldiers fired on people gathered in front of Kibassa Maliba's home.
As of 1994 they were still president of USOR and leader of the main opposition UDPS.
Kabila regime
At the end of the First Congo War, in May 1997 Mobutu fled into exile and Laurent-Désiré Kabila took power.
Kabila appointed Kibassa Deputy Minister of Mines in November 1997.
At the time, Kibassa was leader of the UDPS/Kibassa.
This was, according to people close to Tshisekedi, one of the parties recognized by the Kabila government, reportedly in order to reduce the stature of the UDPS/Tshisekedi faction. A spokesperson for Tshisekedi's faction falsely accused Kibassa's party of being "a branch of [Kabila's] AFDL/CPP State Party".
In 1998, the Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada (PDAC) and Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade co-sponsored, under the organisation of Joe Clark, a visit by Kibassa as DRC Minister of Mines for meetings with mining companies at the PDAC's annual convention in Toronto.
During their Canada mission, Kibassa Maliba was also scheduled to meet with Canadian NGOs at Montreal offices of the Canadian engineering firm SNC Lavalin.
However, this meeting was reportedly canceled by Canada's Foreign Affairs department following protests made by dozens of representatives from a banned Congolese opposition party, the UDPS/Tshisekedi (Union for Democracy and Social Progress/Tshisekedi).
Kibassa died from a heart attack in Brussels on 5 April 2003, following a long illness. In recognition to their contribution to the political and social arena of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the second largest soccer stadium was named after him. TP Mazembe plays their domestic game in Stadium Frederic Kibassa Maliba.
References
1939 births
2003 deaths
People from Lubumbashi
Union for Democracy and Social Progress (Democratic Republic of the Congo) politicians
Government ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
The Seduni were a Gallic tribe dwelling in the upper Rhône valley, around present-day Sion, during the Iron Age and the Roman period.
Along with the Nantuates, Veragri and Uberi, they were part of the Vallenses, a group of tribes living between Lake Geneva and the Pennine Alps, in the modern Canton of Valais (Switzerland).
Name
They are mentioned as Sedunos, Sedunorum and Sedunis by Caesar (mid-1st c. BC), and as Seduni by Livy (late 1st c. BC) and Pliny (1st c. AD).
The meaning of the ethnonym Seduni remains unclear. According to Alexander Falileyev, it may be based on the Celtic root *sedo-, meaning both 'tumulus (inhabited by supernatural beings)' and 'peace'. Pierre-Yves Lambert has also proposed to analyze the name as a haplology (loss of syllable) for *Se(go)-dunum ('the strong fortress').
The city of Sion, attested as Sedunum in Roman times, is named after the Gallic tribe.
Geography
The Seduni dwelled in the upper Rhône valley, in the modern Canton of Valais. Their territory was located east of the Nantuates and Veragri, south of the Uberi, and west of the Lepontii.
After the Roman conquered the region in 16–15 BC, their territory was initially administered in common with the province of Raetia et Vindelicia under a legatus, when they had their own civitas within the administrative region of Vallis Poenina. They later lost their autonomy following their integration into the Alpes Graiae et Poeninae by Claudius (41–54 AD), with the creation of a single civitas (civitas Vallensium) shared with the other Vallensian tribes.
Their chief town was known as Sedunum (modern Sion, Switzerland). In 8–7 BC, the Sedunian civitas honoured emperor Augustus with an inscription. Even though Sedunum lost its political importance in the mid-1st century AD, when Forum Claudii Vallensium (Martigny) became the capital of the civitas Vallensium, the location remained a popular place of residence for notables: funerary stelae attest to the presence of duumviri (magistrates of the civitas), flamines (priests of the imperial cult), a Roman knight, a former consul, and, by the 4th century, praesidia (governors of the province).
History
In 57–56 BC, the Seduni fought against the Roman forces of Caesar at the Battle of Octodurus (modern-day Martigny, Switzerland).
They are mentioned by Pliny the Elder as one of the Alpine tribes conquered by Rome in 16–15 BC, and whose name was engraved on the Tropaeum Alpium.
References
Primary sources
Bibliography
Historical Celtic peoples
Gauls
Tribes involved in the Gallic Wars
Tribes of pre-Roman Gaul
Ancient Switzerland
Tribes conquered by Rome
Sion, Switzerland
Abd al-Razzaq Beg Donboli (; 1762/3 – 1827/8) was an Iranian literary biographer, poet, and historian active during the early Qajar period. They belonged to the Donboli, a Turkic-speaking Kurdish tribe, which played a leading role in the areas of Khoy and Salmas in Azerbaijan, northern Iran.
References
Sources
18th-century Iranian writers
19th-century Iranian writers
People of the Zand dynasty
Donboli tribe
People of Qajar Iran
1760s births
1820s deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
College Nine is a residential college at the University of California, Santa Cruz. The university's first new college in nearly 30 years, College Nine was founded in 2000 although the dorms were not finished until 2002. It is located on the north side of campus, east of Science Hill and west of Crown College. The college theme is International and Global Perspectives. All freshmen students are required to take a core course on this particular theme.
College Nine is composed of three residence halls (R1, R2, and R3); in the spring of 2006 the residence halls were renamed to emphasize and reflect the college's theme. As of Fall 2006, the new residence hall names are Hague House, Gandhi House, and Geneva House. These names however are temporary names and are subject to change once the college finds a benefactor.
In the LRDP (Long Range Development Plan) for UCSC, Colleges 9 and 10 will be situated as the very center of UCSC by 2025.
College Nine is also home to the International Living Center (ILC). The ILC is home to nearly a third of international students visiting UCSC while on study abroad and provides a space where international, transfer and domestic students coexist in apartment-style living. There also exists three International RAs as well as its own Coordinator for Residential Education.
References
External links
College Nine home page
International Living Center home page
UC Santa Cruz home page
UCSC statistics by residential college
Photographs and architectural drawings of College Nine from the UC Santa Cruz Library's Digital Collections
University of California, Santa Cruz colleges
Educational institutions established in 2000
2000 establishments in California
The Battle of Yaunis Khan, also known as the Battle of Khan Yunis (), was fought on October 28, 1516 between the Ottoman Empire and the Mamluk Sultanate. The Mamluk cavalry forces led by Janbirdi al-Ghazali attacked the Ottomans that were trying to cross Gaza on their way to Egypt. The Ottomans, led by Grand Vizier Hadım Sinan Pasha, were able to break the Egyptian Mamluk cavalry charge. Al-Ghazali was wounded during the confrontation, and the left-over Mamluk forces and their commander Al-Ghazali retreated to Cairo.
References
Yaunis Khan
Yaunis Khan
History of the Gaza Strip
Yaunis
1516 in the Ottoman Empire
1516 in Africa
1510s in Egypt
Khan Yunis
1516 in the Mamluk Sultanate
Ha may refer to:
Agencies and organizations
Health authority
Hells Angels Motorcycle Club
Homelessness Australia, peak body organisation for homeless people and services
Homosexuals Anonymous an ex-gay program for dealing with unwanted same-sex attractions
Hong Kong Housing Authority
Arts, entertainment, and media
Ha (Doseone album), 2005
Ha (Talvin Singh album), 2002
Ha! (Killing Joke album), 1982
"Ha" (song), by Juvenile
Ha! (TV channel), an American all-comedy TV channel
Hamar Arbeiderblad, a Norwegian newspaper
Human Action, a book by the Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises
The Jim Henson Company, formerly known as ha!
Languages and letters
Ha (Javanese) (ꦲ), a letter in the Javanese script
Ha (kana), in syllabic Japanese script
ه (hāʾ), ح (ḥāʾ), or خ (ḫāʾ), Arabic letters
Ha language, the language of the Ha people in eastern Africa
Hausa language, ISO 639-1 code HA
Places
Ha, Bhutan
Hå, Norway
Ha Gorge, Greece
HA postcode area, a group of English postal districts in north-west London
Henan, a province of China (Guobiao abbreviation HA)
Science and technology
Chemistry
Hahnium, an element now called Dubnium
Hyaluronan (Hyaluronic acid), a carbohydrate structure
Hydroxylapatite, a mineral
Medicine
Hyperandrogenic anovulation, also called polycystic ovary syndrome
Health anxiety (HA) or hypochondriasis (hypochondria)
Hemagglutinin (influenza) (HA), an antigenic glycoprotein from Influenza viruses
Hemagglutination assay, a measurement of viruses or bacteria
Other uses in science and technology
ha (function prefix) (half), a prefix for some trigonometric functions in mathematics
Hartree, an atomic unit of energy
Hectare (ha), a unit of area
Hectoampere, a unit of electric current
High availability, systems design and implementation with a view to maximising service
Hour angle, in astronomy, one of the coordinates of the equatorial coordinate system
Ha, or alternative hypothesis, in statistical testing
Surnames
Ha (Chinese surname) (哈), found in the Hundred Family Surnames
Ha (Korean surname) (하, 河 or 夏)
Hà, Vietnamese surname
Hạ, Vietnamese surname
Xia (surname) (夏), romanized as Ha in Cantonese, Korean and Vietnamese pronunciation
Transportation
British Rail Class 71, a locomotive (classified type HA under the Southern Region's pre-TOPS scheme)
Hawaiian Airlines (IATA designator HA)
Highways Agency, or (HA), former name of Highways England, part of England's Department for Transport
Other uses
Ha (mythology)
Ha, one of deities Heng and Ha
Ha people, a Tanzanian people
Hospitalman Apprentice, a U.S. Navy rank
See also
Haa (disambiguation)
Haha (disambiguation)
Has (disambiguation)
Mediavia bevnoa is a species of snout moth in the genus Mediavia. It was first described by William Schaus in 1925. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1925
Epipaschiinae
Privilege Style is a Spanish airline headquartered in Palma de Mallorca and based at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Operations
According to the airline, its VIP customers include several Spanish companies and also teams from Spain's first football league. In June and July 2014, Privilege Style operated Finnair's flights from Helsinki to New York-JFK while one of Finnair's A330s was out of service for extended maintenance. The same happened again in December 2015. In the summer of 2015, the airline leased its Boeing 767-300ER to El Al. As of June 2016, all of Privilege Style's aircraft were operating for El Al, except the 767 which currently operates for Condor Flugdienst.
In 2018 the 777 operated daily for Norwegian on the Rome Fiumicino-Newark EWR route, due to major technical issues affecting Norwegian's 787 fleet. In late spring 2019, Norwegian have again started using Privilege Style's 777 for their London to Miami route. In November 2019, Surinam Airways started using Privilege Style's 777 for their Paramaribo to Amsterdam route, after they had to suddenly retire their only long-haul plane, an aging Airbus A340.
Fleet
As of August 2021, Privilege Style's fleet consists of the following aircraft:
In February 2021, Privilege Style has selected the A321 as a replacement for their aging 757s. The used A321 was formerly operated by Sri Lankan Airlines.
Controversies
The company's involvement in deportation flights from various EU countries has drawn criticism from human rights activists. Privilege Style has allegedly been involved in the deportation of Jamaican migrants shackled in leg irons from the UK on 2 December 2020, as well as in the deportation of Afghan migrants from Germany on 9 February 2021 and 4 April 2021. The company was scheduled to undertake a deportation flight of asylum seekers from the UK to Rwanda on 14 June 2022 although this never went ahead due to legal challenges.
References
External links
Official website
Airlines of Spain
Airlines established in 2003
Gwangcheon station is a railway station in Gwangcheon-eup, Hongseong, South Chungcheong, South Korea, on the Janghang Line of Korail.
References
External links
Cyber station information from Korail
Railway stations in South Chungcheong Province
Railway stations opened in 1923
Janghang Line
1923 establishments in Korea
Qiande (乾德) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Qiande (919–924), era name used by Wang Zongyan, emperor of Former Shu
Qiande (963–968), era name used by Emperor Taizu of Song (also used by concurrent rulers of Southern Tang, Wuyue and Goryeo)
Myumyun Kashmer (; born 20 January 1962), also known under their Bulgarian passport name Milan Kashmerov, is a former Bulgarian footballer of Turkish descent, who played as a forward.
Honours
Club
Lokomotiv Sofia
Bulgarian Cup: 1982
Levski Sofia
A Group: 1984–85
Beroe Stara Zagora
A Group: 1985–86
External links
Profile at LevskiSofia.info
1962 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Association football forwards
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Primeira Liga players
Süper Lig players
FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia players
PFC Levski Sofia players
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora players
Portimonense S.C. players
1. FC Union Berlin players
Bursaspor footballers
Konyaspor footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
The 2009 Connacht Senior Football Championship was that year's installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Connacht GAA. It was won by Mayo who defeated Galway in the final. The final was considered a weak affair by commentators. The winning Mayo team received the J. J. Nestor Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2009 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Connacht GAA website
2C
Connacht Senior Football Championship
The 1941–42 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 34th since its establishment. The season was never finished due to the Battle of Hong Kong.
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
football
Events cancelled due to World War II
Rokci is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 403 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Marva Whitney (born Marva Ann Manning; May 1, 1944 – December 22, 2012) was an American funk singer commonly referred to by their honorary title, Soul Sister #1. Whitney was considered by many funk enthusiasts to be one of the "rawest" and "brassiest" music divas.
Biography
Early life
Born in Kansas City, Kansas, their performing career started as early as three years old while touring with their family's gospel group, the Manning Gospel Singers. At the age of 16 they joined the Alma Whitney Singers and two years later they married Harry Olander Whitney with whom they had a daughter Sherrie Whitney. They began singing R&B music for the first time in 1963 at a Kansas City venue and studied music at college. Whilst working at a garment factory, they continued performing in nightclubs and at local talent competitions, and by the mid-1960s had joined local group Tommy (Gadson) & The Derbys as their lead singer. The group opened for many leading performers passing through Kansas City. In 1967, they left the group, and turned down offers to tour with Bobby Bland and Little Richard before joining the James Brown Revue as a featured vocalist. Them marriage to Harry Olander Whitney ended in divorce in 1965. Subsequently, they were married, albeit briefly to disc jockey Phil Wardell.
Career
Them first solo single, "Your Love Was Good To Me", was recorded for King Records in mid-1967, but was unsuccessful as were two follow-up singles. They toured Europe, Asia and Africa with James Brown with whom they were in a relationship, and in early 1968 they produced their fourth solo single, "Unwind Yourself", in a more funky style. Although the record was not a chart hit, it was later sampled numerous times, most recognisably by the 45 King on their 1987 track "The 900 Number", which was then sampled by DJ Chad Jackson on their 1990 hit single "Hear the Drummer (Get Wicked)" (UK number 3 in July 1990), by DJ Kool on their 1996 hit "Let Me Clear My Throat" (UK number 6 in March 1997), Sway on their 2009 track "Mercedes-Benz" and Mac Miller on their 2011 track "Party on Fifth Ave."
Whitney's first chart hit came with "It's My Thing (You Can't Tell Me Who to Sock It To)," a response to The Isley Brothers' hit "It's Your Thing"; their record reached number 19 on the Billboard R&B chart and number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1969. They followed up with two smaller hits, "Things Got To Get Better (Get Together)" (R&B number 22) and "I Made A Mistake Because It's Only You Pt. 1" (R&B number 32), and also recorded songs like "I'm Tired, I'm Tired, I'm Tired (Things Better Change Before It's Too Late)", and "If You Don't Work (You Can't Eat)." After recording three albums - Unwind Yourself (1968), Live and Lowdown at the Apollo [actually live in Georgia] (1969) and It's My Thing (1969) - and about 13 singles with James Brown as producer and writer or co-writer, an exhausted Whitney left the Brown stable in 1969 (or 1970) and returned to Kansas City.
Clarence Cooper and Allan Bell took over their management and initially struggled to get Whitney into major venues. A trip to Chicago in 1970 and a visit to producer Floyd Smith resulted in a contract for the Isley Brothers' T-Neck label. After divorcing Phil Wardell, they married Ellis Taylor of Forte Records with whom they had a son, and recorded further singles for the label, including "Daddy Don't Know About Sugar Bear", their most successful post Brown single that was picked up for national distribution by Nashville's Excello records. They retired from recording for several years making only local appearances in Kansas City, returning to the studio in 1977 for a Forte single with their brother Melvin Manning. They divorced Taylor in 1977 and relocated to Los Angeles for the next fifteen years.
In the early 1980s, they briefly joined a group, Coffee, Cream & Sugar, formed by singer Alfred "Pico" Payne and Mary Lou Flesh. Later in the 1980s, they started to perform regularly with former James Brown band members such as Maceo Parker, Fred Wesley, Pee Wee Ellis, and Lyn Collins, as the JB Allstars. They returned to Kansas City as it became apparent that Funk music was essentially unfashionable and opportunities were sparse. They later married for the fourth time a preacher and returned to their gospel roots.
In 2006, Whitney collaborated with German born DJ/collector/manager DJ Pari and Japanese funk orchestra Osaka Monaurail to produce a new single, "I Am What I Am". Osaka Monaurail style themselves on the James Brown sound and the single was produced in the fashion of an authentic release of the recordings they produced with Brown in 1969. Two successful tours of Japan and a full-length album release followed, also entitled "I Am What I Am". In 2007, 2008 and 2009, the tour was also brought to Europe where they maintained a cult following.
In December 2009, Whitney had a stroke on stage during a concert in Lorne, Australia, while performing with The Transatlantics at Falls Festival. The remaining dates of their tour were cancelled; after Whitney made a partial recovery they performed again in 2010. In December 2012, Whitney died from complications of pneumonia at their home. They were 68.
Discography
Album discography
Single discography on King Records
Single discography after King Records
References
External links
1944 births
2012 deaths
Musicians from Kansas City, Kansas
American soul singers
American funk singers
Deaths from pneumonia in Kansas
James Brown vocalists
Excello Records artists
20th-century African-American women singers
21st-century African-American women singers
The 2012 Trans-Am Series was the 44th season of the Sports Car Club of America's Trans American Road Racing Championship.
New management
From 2012 onward, Trans-Am Race Company, LLC, has managed the series. They will manage the series until at least 2016. They are looking to "bring the series back to its glory years". Their plan is to get away from the new, three-class format and return to the pony cars that made the series famous.
The series has also established a media partner, GoRacingTV. Select markets will also be able to view Trans Am races on MAVTV. GoRacingTV is a website providing highlights of various racing events.
News
It was announced on November 17, 2011, that a new Ford Mustang was in the works for entry into the series during the 2012 season. The car will use the 302 cubic inch (5 liter) engine from the production model.
Highlights
Though they won only one race, Chuck Cassaro would go on to overcome Tim Gray's four victories and win the GGT Championship by a comfortable 36 points, giving (American manufacturer) Panoz its first ever Trans Am title. With a GGT win at Mid Ohio, courtesy of Belgian driver Jan Heylen, Dodge garnered its first Trans Am victory since 2001.
Schedule
Driver standings
TA
TA2
GGT
References
External links
Trans Am rulebook for 2012
Trans-Am Series
Trans-Am
The men's 800 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21, 22 and 23 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 August
Semifinals
22 August
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
21 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 45 athletes from 37 countries participated in the event.
References
800 metres
800 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
London Academies Enterprise Trust (LAET) is a multi-academy trust (MAT) controlled by the Academies Enterprise Trust (AET) in England.
History
Since the 1990s schools in London have been improving at a faster rate than schools in the rest of England, and this is called the "London Effect."
In 2010 Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London decided that the Mayor's office should be involved in school transformation by sponsoring Academies. They therefore formed a group called the Mayor's Academies Limited (MAL) and decided to work in a partnership with the country's largest academy chain, (AET), as joint co-sponsors in order to transform London schools. This partnership was formalised in the setting up on 1 April 2010 of a limited company (Company number 07211219) called London Academies Enterprise Trust (LAET)
The Mayor's Academies programme was controversial. Even at the very time that the programme was announced in 2010, concerns were raised by London Assembly leader Len Duvall who said that it was “just a vanity project that sound good for a short while, but long term what's really going to be the impact?". Concerns about the programme proved to be not without foundation, as (AET) went on to become embroiled in financial controversy when it was revealed that Ian Comfort (the CEO) and other directors' businesses were benefiting directly from AET contracts. Then the DfE went on to ban (AET) from expanding and opening more academies, including it on its list of "restricted" Academy chains until it could improve the performance of the schools which it already had. The Education Funding Agency went on to give (AET) a financial Warning Notice for poor financial practices. OFSTED also went on to blast (AET) for low expectations and poor standards The Mayor's Academies programme had originally been intended to have 10 Academies. But following the problems which (AET) found itself with, and the difficulties in improving the LAET schools (which we shall see more on below), the LAET only ever grew to 4 Academies before the Mayor's Office began withdrawing from the programme.
The Mayor's withdrawal can be seen for example in 2015 when one of the 4 schools received criticism from OFSTED for its poor standards, a spokesperson on behalf of the Mayor stated "The Mayor has not been involved in the governance of the schools since 2013, but we are in touch with the London Academies Education Trust to see what is being done to raise attainment at Kingsley." Previous to this in July 2013 the Mayor's Academies Programme had transferred from the London Development Agency (LDA) to the GLA and the Mayor resigned as a corporate member of LAET.
As of August 2014 the trust employed 299 teachers, compared to 328 at the same time in 2013.
Confusion about the trust arose in 2017 when individual academies such as Kingsley Academy ceased describing itself as an LAET school, and began posting a welcome from the CEO of AET (Academies Enterprise Trust) which described it as an AET Academy. Records at Company House nevertheless confirmed that LAET still existed as a separate Trust.
Schools
The four schools within London Academies Enterprise Trust (LAET) are contained in the following table which notes their pass rate for the flagship measure of 5GCSE A-C (including English and Maths) until 2015. From 2016 the measure of school performance changed to "progress 8"
In 2015 three of the four schools were below the minimum 40% government "floor standard." Several of the schools have gone backwards with their results, and OFSTED judgements have declined (e.g. Kingsley and Bexleyheath).
On the new measures from 2016 all of the schools have achieved below the national average of "0." Bexleyheath's progress measure is in the bottom 10% of schools for England
Financial management
The 4 LAET schools have had access to additional funding, over and above what other schools would normally receive from the Department for Education. As the Mayor's contribution to the scheme, the schools have received almost £1m in extra funding from Boris Johnson, including £330,000 to Kingsley Academy alone. Previous to this in July 2013 the Mayor's Academies Programme had transferred from the London Development Agency (LDA) to the GLA and the Mayor resigned as a corporate member of LAET.
According to the LAET Annual Financial Report (p7) in 2014 LAET made an in-year deficit (i.e. a loss) of -£544,000. with Nightingale Academy being more than £1m in deficit. At the same time the headcount of teachers reduced by 29 between 2013 and 2014 (from 329 to 299) the number of managers in LAET increased from 28 to 30 and the number of staff paid at £100,000 per annum or more, increased from 2 to 3.
References
Organisations based in Essex
James Thomas Stevens (born 1966) is an American poet and academic.  They are a member of the Akwesasne Mohawk Nation and currently teaches at the Institute of American Indian Arts in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Background
James Thomas Stevens was born in Niagara Falls, New York, and their Mohawk name is Aronhió:ta's. Their father was a Welsh-American and their mother is Mohawk.
Education
In 1993 Stevens earned their MFA in writing from Brown University Graduate Writing Program, where they had a full fellowship. They earned a Creative Writing AFA from the Institute of American Indian Arts, where they received the Gerald Red Elk Scholarship in 1990, allowing them to attend the Naropa Institute Summer Writing Program. Stevens briefly attended the School of Visual Arts and Brooklyn College in New York.
Academic and writing career
Stevens was an associate professor in the English Department of SUNY Fredonia and the director of American Indian Studies. They have also been an Instructor of Poetry at Brown University and taught at Haskell Indian Nations University.
 They are an author of numerous volumes of poetry. An international poet with professional invitations to France, Turkey, and China, Stevens spoke at the IIPF in the United Nations in 2006. They formerly taught at Haskell Indian Nations University and remains a vibrant member of the Native community as well as a leading young American Poet.
Awards and nominations
1991 Institute of American Indian Arts Creative Writing Award
1993 Kim Ann Arstark Memorial Prize in Poetry
1993 Wittner-Bynner Foundation Poetry Grant
1994 City of Santa Fe Writer's Award
1996 Pushcart Prize Nomination
2000 Whiting Award
2003 Nominated for a Before Columbus/American Book Award
2005 Finalist for the National Poetry Series Award
Published books
(with Caroline Sinavaiana)
Notes
References
Glancy, Diane and Mark Nowak. Visit Teepee Town: Native Writings After the Detours. Coffee House Press.
External links
NativeWiki Entry
Stevens' profile on the Native American Authors Project
Stevens' profile at Salt Publishing
Profile at The Whiting Foundation
1966 births
Living people
American male poets
Native American academics
Brown University alumni
Institute of American Indian Arts alumni
Institute of American Indian Arts faculty
People from Niagara Falls, New York
Native American writers
21st-century American poets
American people of Welsh descent
Brooklyn College alumni
21st-century American male writers
Bill Kouélany (born 31 October 1965 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese artist, writer and set designer. In 2007, they participated in documenta 12 in Kassel with a multimedia art installation. They live in Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of the Congo.
Life and career
As a teenager, B. Kouélany (as they prefer to be called) lived through the wars and violence in their native Congo. Years later the imprints of those early experiences can be found in their writings and art.
Writer
A French speaker, their early writings include plays such as Cafard, cafarde (Cockroach, cockroach), which they presented in Paris (2003), and Peut-être (Perhaps) (2007), which they wrote with colleague Jean-Paul Delore. Them written pieces reveal evidence of influence by the notable Congolese poet and novelist Tchicaya U Tam'si, who is remembered as "a tormented and highly sensitive writer who [B. Kouélany] also featured in their first canvases."
According to Chavelet, many of their writings have never been published (as of 2016).
Painter
B. Kouélany's paintings reveal the artist's self-taught skills as well as their autobiographical elements, making their art sought out among international audiences in Africa and Europe. Since 2007, their work has been distributed internationally by the Peter Hermann Gallery in Berlin and the RDV Gallery in Nantes, France.
In 2001, they took part in the residency program of the Doual'Art urban workshops in Cameroon. In 2002, their work was invited to the Dak'Art Biennale with the Creators of Central Africa, and in 2006 they submitted art to the seventh Dak'Art. In 2004, they were named an artist in residence in Nantes, France and took part in an exhibition there called Beautés d'Afrique (Beauties of Africa). In 2006, again at the Dak'Art Biennale exhibition, they received two prizes, the Prix de la Francophonie and Prix Montalvo Arts Center.
B. Kouélany's submission the following year to an exhibition called documenta 12 in Germany was widely noticed. The work, called Untitled, was a very large installation examining the consequences of war and violence.In 2007, B. Kouélany was the first sub-Saharan African woman to exhibit at Documenta in Kassel. They presented their largest piece to date: a paper maché wall with excerpts of texts from several international newspapers and warped videos of their face, in which they express, as a mother and daughter, their empathy toward the Congolese people.
Mentor
In 2012, B. Kouélany founded the contemporary art center and workshop, Les Ateliers Sahm in Brazzaville, becoming its artistic director. The multidisciplinary center supports contemporary art in Congo and is devoted to supporting young artists, not only from their country but the remainder of the African continent as well. According to the Prince Claus Fund, the creation of Les Ateliers Sahm "is perhaps one of their greatest achievements."
They continue to work creatively. In 2019, they took part in the exhibition Prête-moi ton rêve (Lend me your dream) in Morocco, which featured other painters from African and was scheduled (at the time) to visit multiple countries.
Awards
2006: Prix de la Francophonie (France)
2006: Montalvo Arts Center Prize (USA)
2018: Officer of Arts and Letters, awarded by the French Ministry of Culture.
2019: Prince Claus Prize in the Netherlands.
References
External links
Photos of installation by Bill Kouélany
1965 births
Living people
People from Brazzaville
Republic of the Congo writers
Republic of the Congo people
Republic of the Congo women
Republic of the Congo women writers
Republic of the Congo painters
Cameraria sempervirensella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 3.5–5 mm.
The larvae feed on Chrysolepis sempervirens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is ovoid and the epidermis is opaque, tan. All mines cross the midrib and consume 70%-95% of the leaf surface. The mines are solitary and usually have two folds, but often one.
Etymology
The name of the species is derived from the specific name of its principle host, Chrysolepis sempervirens.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1981
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Duamutef was, in ancient Egyptian religion, one of the four sons of Horus and a protection god of the canopic jars. Commonly they are said to be the son of the god Horus the Elder. Another myth describes Duamutef and their brothers as sons of Osiris. According to this account, they were born from a lily flower which arose from the primaeval ocean.
Etymology
The name Duamutef means "He who adores their mother". In war, the most frequent cause of death was from injuries in the torso and stomach. The deity protecting this organ was associated with death by war and gained the name Duamutef, meaning "adoring their motherland".
Portrayal
Duamutef was originally represented as a man wrapped in mummy bandages. From the New Kingdom onwards, they are shown with the head of a jackal. In some cases their appearance is confused or exchanged with that of their falcon-headed brother Qebehsenuef, so they have the head of a falcon and Qebehsenuef has the head of a jackal.
Duamutef usually was depicted on coffins and as the lid of canopic jars. Many images of the Judgement of the Dead show them together with their brothers in front of Osiris on a small lily flower.
As protective god of canopic jars
Alongside with Horus' three other sons Imsety, Hapi and Qebehsenuef, Duamutef protected the mummified internal organs. Their goal was to protect the stomach. Their protector is the goddess Neith, and they represent the East direction
References
Four sons of Horus
SS Raymond V. Ingersoll was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. They were named after Raymond V. Ingersoll, borough president of Brooklyn from 1934 to 1940.
Construction
Raymond V. Ingersoll was laid down on 27 July 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2317, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; and launched on 31 August 1944.
History
They were allocated to Polarus Steamship Company, 18 September 1944. On 3 June 1946, they were laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Hudson River Reserve Fleet, Jones Point, New York.
Reallocated to Polarus Steamship Company, 12 July 1946. Placed in National Defense Reserve Fleet, Mobile, Alabama, 17 October 1946.
They were sold, on 6 February 1947, to Rich. Amlie & Co., for $599,309.36 and commercial use. They were flagged in Norway and renamed Sneland I. In 1959, they were sold to the Polish Government, allocated to the Polish Steamship Co., and renamed Kopalnia Zabrze. They were converted to a floating warehouse in 1975, and renamed MP-ZP-GDY-8, until being scrapped in 1982.
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
Hudson River Reserve Fleet
Mobile Reserve Fleet
Thoma Mar Dionysius established Mount Tabor Monastery, also known as Mount Tabor Ashram, in the city of Pathanapuram in 1929. The main objectives were promotion of monastic life, starting of educational institutions, opening of Bhavan for the old and children and hospitals, social service and teaching of Orthodox beliefs. There are 47 members in the ashram.
Thoma Mar Dionysius (1929–1972) was the first Superior, since 1972 Catholicate - designate Thomas Mar Timotheos (now Catholicos ) is the superior. Ramban Zacharia (1964–79), Ramban C.T. Isac (1979–80), Ramban T.M. Samuel (1980–92) have served as secretaries. Since 1992 Fr.K.A. Abraham is the secretary.
The Ashram has branches at Pattazhi Maduraimalai, Melam Kulamudie. Kurienayam, Malloor, Podukal- Ramankuth, Mananthavadi- Thondarnadu, Thiruchirapalli Malankara (Tamil Nadu) and Puthenkodu Mathoor (Tamil Nadu).
There is a Boys' Home in Melam Kulanudi and a 100-bed hospital in Mathur, Tamil Nadu, in operation under the Mount Tabor Ashram. Two colleges, one higher secondary school, six high schools, six lower- upper primary schools are run under the supervision of the Ashram.
Christian organizations established in 1929
Churches in Kollam district
Malankara Orthodox Syrian church buildings
Orsu is a local government area (LGA) and tribe in the Imo State of Nigeria. Orsu is also the name of the dialect of this people. They are an Igbo sub-group located west of Orlu, north of Oguta and in the general areas around Oru East, Oru West, Ihiala, Nnewi south and Oguta LGAs. Orsu LGA is made up of several autonomous communities including Ihitenansa, Amaruru, Amazu, Amaebu, Amannachi, Awo-Idemili, Asaa Ubirielem, Eziawa, Umuhu Okabia, Orsu Ihiteukwa, Okwu Ufuruaku, Okwu Amaraihe, and Okwu Etiti.
The estimated total population of Orsu LGA is 194,223 with the area mostly inhabited by people from the Igbo ethnic group. The Igbo language is commonly spoken in the LGA while the religion of Christianity is widely practiced in the LGA. Popular festivals in Orsu LGA include the Iri ji festival, Ofeke day celebrations ( a yearly celebration that holds every 1st of January and brings visitors from far and wide to watch the rich array of Masquerades) while prominent traditional rulers in the LGA include the:
Obi of Etiti Okabia,Nnachi of Amannachi
They also share distinct seasons which are the dry and the rainy seasons with the area having an average temperature of 27 °C. The LGA hosts a number of streams and rivers and the area has an average humidity level of 64 percent.
They also share distinct seasons which are the dry and the rainy seasons with the area having an average temperature of 27 °C. The LGA hosts a number of streams and rivers and the area has an average humidity level of 64 percent.
Orsu LGA has a rich trade sector with the people of the area engaged in the buying and selling of a plethora of commodities in markets such as the Eke Ubahaze and the Ekeututu markets. The LGA also has a substantial number of its dwellers engaging in farming with the cultivation of crops such as yam, cassava, oil palm, and vegetables.
According to the 2016 census Orsu LGA has a population of 165,600.
References
Local Government Areas in Imo State
Towns in Imo State
Potoxylon is a monotypic genus of evergreen trees belonging to the Laurel family, Lauraceae. Its only species, Potoxylon melagangai, is native to Borneo.
Description
Potoxylon melagangai is an evergreen tree with gray bark. Leaves are alternate, simple, leathery, with entire margins and pinnate venation. The inflorescences are grouped in axillary spikes. The flowers are bisexual and actinomorphic with six tepals in two whorls, 9 stamens in three whorls, the ovary superior and unilocular. The fruit, a berry-like drupe, is ellipsoid and dispersed by birds.
Evolutionary history
Phylogenetic analysis shows that Potoxylon diverged early from other Lauraceae. Potoxylon, like the related genus Eusideroxylon, has an evolutionary history that is difficult to resolve because of the complex geological history of its native range, which has components from both the Gondwanan and Laurasian supercontinents, and consequently it is unclear whether Potoxylon evolved on Gondwana.
References
Trees of Borneo
Lauraceae genera
Monotypic Laurales genera
Endemic flora of Borneo
Youssef Rossi (; born June 28, 1973) is a former Moroccan footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Rossi was born in Casablanca, Morocco. started their playing career with local side Raja Casablanca in 1995, before being signed by French side Stade Rennais. After over 40 games for the Ligue 1 side, Rossi then signed al loan-contract for NEC Nijmegen, where they disappeared after only four matches, before moving to Scottish Premier League side Dunfermline Athletic in 2000.
After four months with the SPL side, Rossi first appeared in an under-21 match against St Johnstone in November 2000 but was sent off after 25 minutes. They received another red card later that month, after being sent off for a second bookable offence against Dundee United. As they made their way off the pitch, Rossi was seen to make a gesture that provoked United fans. They scored their only goal for the club against Aberdeen on Boxing Day 2000. In August 2001, Rossi had their wages stopped in what proved to be a long drawn out saga which would see them leave Scotland for Morocco, only to have a worldwide ban placed on them by FIFA after going AWOL for more than a year.
Rossi finally left Dunfermline in December 2003 to re-sign for their first club Raja Casablanca. They stayed in Morocco for one year before moving to Al Khor in Qatar.
International career
They played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Managerial career
Rossi was the Technical Director of Raja from 2009 to 2012 and 2014 to 2016. In November 2015, they claimed they had not been paid by Raja's President, Mohamed Boudrika, for nine months.
References
External links
Living people
1973 births
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Association football defenders
Moroccan footballers
Morocco international footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Raja CA players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
NEC Nijmegen players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
Eredivisie players
Ligue 1 players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Al-Khor SC players
Al-Shamal SC players
Sapphoa is a genus of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae, native to Cuba. Adapted to serpentine soils, they are nickel hyperaccumulators.
Species
Currently accepted species include:
Sapphoa ekmanii Borhidi
Sapphoa rigidifolia Urb.
References
Acanthaceae
Acanthaceae genera
Endemic flora of Cuba
Kusruthykuttan is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by Muhammad Assam. The film stars Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Ambika, Suresh Varma and Sukumari. The film had musical score by Vijayabhaskar. This film was inspired by the Bollywood film Deeksha.
Cast
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Madhavan Nair
Ambika as Lakshmi
Suresh Varma as Gopi
Sukumari
Adoor Bhasi
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
B. N. Nambiar
Pankajavalli as Lakshmi's mother
Suresh Kumar
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Vijayabhaskar and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Kayısopran is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Pedro Bigas Rigo (born 15 May 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defender or a midfielder for Elche CF.
Club career
Mallorca
Born in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands, Bigas made their debut as a senior with CD Montuïri in 2009, in Tercera División. On 9 July 2010, they signed for Segunda División B club CD Atlético Baleares.
Bigas joined RCD Mallorca on 20 June 2011, being initially assigned to the reserves also in the third division. They made their first-team – and La Liga – debut on 1 October, starting in a 2–2 away draw against CA Osasuna as a left back.
On 28 August 2012, Bigas renewed their contract until 2015, being definitely promoted to the main squad and given the number 17 jersey. On 22 October they scored their first professional goal, opening the 3–2 loss at Sevilla FC. They were occasionally used as a left-back and defensive midfielder during the season, as their side suffered relegation.
Las Palmas and Eibar
On 13 July 2015, Bigas agreed to a two-year deal at UD Las Palmas, newly promoted to the top flight. They scored a career-best four times in the 2016–17 campaign, in a 14th-place finish.
On 31 July 2018, after being relegated, Bigas was loaned to SD Eibar of the same tier, with a buyout clause. The following May, they joined them permanently.
Elche
On 7 July 2021, Elche CF reached an agreement with Eibar for the transfer of Bigas, who joined the former on a two-year contract.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Las Palmas official profile
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Palma de Mallorca
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CD Atlético Baleares footballers
RCD Mallorca B players
RCD Mallorca players
UD Las Palmas players
SD Eibar footballers
Elche CF players
Phaecasiophora rufata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellow brown, along the distal third of the costal it is slightly tinged with pinkish and it is suffused brown dorsally. The hindwings are brownish.
Etymology
The name refers to colouration of forewing and is derived from Latin rufata (meaning tinged rust).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Shunfeng Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Ivor Gaber is a British academic and journalist, Professor of Political Journalism at University of Sussex, and Emeritus Professor of Broadcast Journalism at Goldsmiths, University of London. They serve as the UK Representative: on UNESCO's International Programme for the Development of Communication.
Early life
Born in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, they grew up in London and read for a BA in History and Politics at the University of Warwick before completing an MA in Labour Studies at the University of Sussex. They were awarded a PhD by City, University of London, in 2013 for their thesis " Crisis in Political Communications? Reflections of a Critical Practitioner".
Career
Journalism
Gaber began their broadcasting career in 1978 at Independent Television News as a scriptwriter and item producer. They were a member of the ITN planning team that devised and launched Channel 4 News In 1982 they joined the Watchdog team at BBC TV as an investigated reporter and subsequently left to form Sevenday Productions and then Commons Committee Television where they led the bid that won the contract to televise the committees of the Lords and Commons and then the contract to televise both the main chambers. Susbequently they returned to the BBC where they planned and oversaw how the then new radio station, BBC 5 Live, would cover politics on a 24/7 basis. Between 1997 and 2019 they were the Results Editor for ITV News' live general election results programme. As an independent radio producer they devised and produced a weekly 'person-in-the-news' programme for 5Live and a weekly programme about life in the UK for BBC World Service.
Academic career
In 2015, Gaber became the University of Sussex's first Professor of Journalism.  They are also Emeritus Professor of Broadcast Journalism at Goldsmiths, University of London, Visiting Professor of Media and Politics at the University of Bedfordshire and Senior Research fellow at City, University of London. They have published over 70 articles and chapters in the field of political communications and has authored or co-authored five books, with the most recent being: Culture Wars: the media and the British Left (new and revised edition) (with J. Curran and J. Petley) London, Routledge 2019.
International experience
At UNESCO, representing the UK, Gaber initiated the UN Plan of Action on the Safety of Journalists and the Issue of Impunity. They have worked with political journalists in countries transitioning to democracy beginning in the former Communist countries of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. Recently they have focused mainly on sub-Saharan Africa including devising and running election reporting projects in Nigeria, Malawi and Uganda.
Books
In the best interests of the child : culture, identity, and transracial adoption. London: Free Association Books. 1994. ISBN 978-1853431524.
Culture Wars : the Media and the British Left (2nd ed.). Milton: Routledge. (2018). ISBN 1138223034.
Environmentalism and the Mass Media: The North-South Divide. Routledge. (1997). ISBN 978-0-415-15504-5.
References
Academics of the University of Sussex
Academics of Goldsmiths, University of London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Kearns Peninsula () is a broad ice-covered peninsula between Potaka Inlet and Peale Inlet on the north side of Thurston Island, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Lieutenant William H. Kearns, U.S. Navy Reserve, co-pilot of the Operation Highjump PBM Mariner seaplane that crashed on adjacent Noville Peninsula, December 30, 1946. Kearns and five other survivors were rescued on January 12, 1947.
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Peninsulas of Ellsworth Land
Tullis Russell Group is an employee-owned business which specializes in coating and converting a range of paper and filmic products for use in various applications.
Tullis Russell has two major manufacturing sites, Bollington, Cheshire East and Ansan, South Korea.
History
The company was founded in 1809 by Robert Tullis as R Tullis & Co. The company Coated Papers moved to Bollington in 1875. The company name changed to Tullis, Russell & Company Ltd on 21 May 1906. Sir David Russell was a former managing director. The company's brand of paper was called Ivorex, and Ivorindex for card. The company joined the Employers' Federation of Paper and Board Makers in 1947. Tullis Russell bought Coated Papers in 1989.
In 1986 the Russell family started a process whereby the ownership of the company would transfer to employees. In 1996 a management buyout purchased 70 per cent of the shares which are held today in an Employee Trust. The outstanding 30 per cent is held in the Russell Trust. In 2011 Tullis Russell received the Txemi Cantera International Social Economy Prize from ASLE for its commitment to the principles of the Social Economy.
In 1999 Tullis Russell purchased Kwang Duck Facility in Ansan, Korea and is focused on the Image Transfer market. In 2015 Tullis Russell Labelstock division began trading.
Structure
It is headquartered in Bollington in Cheshire, off the B5090, east of the A523, and on the western edge of the Peak District.
Products
Coated paper for postage stamps
Image Transfer
Label Stock
Watermarked security paper (for cheques)
See also
Rapid Data Systems, of Hampshire, which produced plastic credit cards
References
External links
Grace's Guide
Britain from Above in 1927
British companies established in 1809
Companies based in Cheshire
Employee-owned companies of the United Kingdom
Manufacturing companies established in 1809
Postal system of the United Kingdom
Security printing
European heat wave may refer to the following heat waves that occurred across Europe in the following years:
July 1757 heatwave
2003 European heat wave
2006 European heat wave
2007 European heat wave
2018 European heat wave
2019 European heat waves
2022 European heat waves
See also
1911 United Kingdom heat wave
1976 British Isles heat wave
2010 Northern Hemisphere heat waves
2013 Great Britain and Ireland heat wave
2018 British Isles heat wave
2021 British Isles heat wave
2021 heat waves
2022 heat waves
Climate change
Climate of Europe
Drought in the United Kingdom
Europe
Heat wave
List of heat waves
List of natural disasters by death toll
:Category:Disambiguation pages
Cubilia rufipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1955.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1955
Andrognathidae is a family of millipede in the order Platydesmida. There are about 17 genera and more than 30 described species in Andrognathidae.
Genera
These 17 genera belong to the family Andrognathidae:
Andrognathus Cope, 1869
Bazillozonium Verhoeff, 1935
Brachycybe Wood, 1864
Dolistenus Fanzago, 1874
Ebenostenus Mauriès, 2015
Fioria Silvestri, 1898
Gosodesmus Chamberlin, 1922
Ischnocybe Cook & Loomis, 1928
Mitocybe Cook & Loomis, 1928
Phaeacobius Attems
Plutodesmus Silvestri, 1903
Pseudodesmus Pocock, 1887
Sinocybe Loomis, 1942
Symphyopleurium Attems, 1951
Trichozonium
Yamasinaium Verhoeff, 1939
Zinaceps
References
Further reading
Platydesmida
Millipedes of North America
Articles created by Qbugbot
Millipede families
Now I'll Tell is a 1934 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Edwin J. Burke starring Spencer Tracy, Helen Twelvetrees, and Alice Faye. It was produced by Fox Film shortly before the company's merger with Twentieth Century Pictures. It marked the final screen appearance of former silent star Alice Calhoun.
Plot
Murray Golden is an unscrupulous New York City gambler and casino operator who wants to live life to the fullest. Their philosophy is encapsulated in something they keep saying: "You're only wrong when you fail." Their wife, Virginia, has extracted a promise that they will quit the business once they make $500,000. However, when they do, they break their word. They also start seeing Peggy Warren behind their wife's back.
Murray learns that gangster Al Mossiter has fixed a championship boxing match. They pay one of the fighters to take a dive in the second round, before Mossiter's man goes down in the fifth, and wins a lot of money. (Mossiter's boxer is later murdered.) However, Virginia hears about Peggy and threatens to leave Murray. They manage to convince them that Peggy is the mistress of Freddie, Murray's friend and associate. They also tell them that they have made enough money and is getting into the insurance business.
Later, Mossiter learns who double-crossed them and vows to get back everything Murray won from the fight. An associate suggests they kidnap Virginia. When Murray is told about the kidnapping, they race back to the city, but is injured and Peggy is killed in a car crash. Virginia is freed unharmed when the ransom is paid, but they have had enough. They decide to get a divorce.
Years later, Murray receives a telegram from Virginia, telling them they are sailing home from Europe and has a "surprise".  They are overjoyed, assuming they are coming back to him. However, they tell them that they are going to marry someone else. They ask them for their jewelry. They promise to give it to them in a week, though they are down on their luck and has pawned them.
They get into a poker game with Mossiter and others. After playing for a day and a half, they owe $210,000. Mossiter buys up all of their IOUs and gives them a deadline to come up with the money. Murray shows up at Mossiter's hotel room and declares they are not going to pay. Furthermore, they say they are going to tell the district attorney who killed the boxer. After Mossiter shoots him, Murray reveals they took out a life insurance policy on themselves in order to raise the money to get Virginia's jewelry back. They boast that they have outsmarted their killer (winning a $20 bet they had made). The doctor informs Virginia that Murray is dying, so they lie and tells them they are returning to him.
Cast
Spencer Tracy as Murray Golden
Helen Twelvetrees as Virginia Golden
Alice Faye as Peggy Warren
Robert Gleckler as Al Mossiter
Henry O'Neill as Tommy Doran
Hobart Cavanaugh as Freddie
G. P. Huntley as Hart
Shirley Temple as Mary Doran
Ronnie Cosby as Tommy Doran Jr.
Ray Cooke as Eddie Traylor
Frank Marlowe as George Curtis
Clarence Wilson as Attorney Joe Davis
Barbara Weeks as Wynne
Theodore Newton as Joe
Vince Barnett as Peppo
James Donlan as Honey Smith
Leon Ames as Max
Alice Calhoun as Mrs. Doran
Donald Haines as Messenger Boy (uncredited)
Nelson McDowell as Bettor (uncredited)
Jack Mower as Gangster (uncredited)
Production
Development
The film was directed and written by Edwin J. Burke and is loosely based on the autobiography of Carolyn Green Rothstein, wife of New York gambler Arnold Rothstein. Co-star Alice Faye was 18 years old. Five year old future child star Shirley Temple (in a smaller role) also appeared in the film.
External links
1934 films
1934 drama films
American black-and-white films
American drama films
Films based on biographies
Films set in 1909
Films set in 1919
Films set in 1928
Films set in New York City
Fox Film films
Gambling films
Arnold Rothstein
1930s American films
Bob Hagedorn (born February 16, 1952) is an American politician and journalist who served in the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat from 1993 to 2001. After serving eight years in the state house, Hagedorn was elected to the Colorado Senate in 2000 and again in 2004, representing Senate District 29, which includes central Aurora, Colorado.
Early career
Born in Elizabeth City, North Carolina to a military family, Hagedorn family settled in Aurora, Colorado in 1965 and they attended local schools, graduating from Aurora Central High School in 1970. They earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from the University of Colorado Boulder in 1974 and a master's degree in urban affairs from the University of Colorado Denver in 1979.
Career
Hagedorn has worked as a political science instructor at Metropolitan State College of Denver, and served on its faculty from 1990 to 2004. They have also worked in the fields of marketing, public relations, and journalism, working as the editor of the Capitol Hill Neighborhood News. From 1998 to 2004, Hagedorn sat on the Board of Directors of Arapahoe House, a non-profit provider of drug and alcohol treatment services.
Politics
Hagedorn was first elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 1992 and re-elected three times, including a 1996 re-election after struggling with alcoholism and time in a rehabilitation program following their mother's cancer diagnosis. During their time in the state house, Hagedorn worked on issues including patient protection legislation, and prevention strategies in the criminal justice system, and was named by the Democratic Leadership Council as one of "100 to Watch" among young Democratic officeholders. Term-limited, Hagedorn went on to serve in the Colorado State Senate, elected in 2000 and 2004 to represent the solidly Democratic district. Hagedorn emphasized health care issues in particular during their Senate tenure and their 2004 re-election campaign.
In the 2007 session of the Colorado General Assembly, Hagedorn served as chair of the Senate Health and Human Services Committee and as a member of the Senate Transportation Committee In past Senate sessions, Hagedorn has served on the Senate Finance Committee and the Senate Agriculture and Natural Resources Committee. During the 2007 session, Hagedorn successfully sponsored legislation to establish a state prescription drug discount program—the first bill signed into law by Gov. Bill Ritter—and to declare John Denver's "Rocky Mountain High" the second official state song.
Hagedorn has been named "Legislator of the Year" by a wide range of groups, including the American Cancer Society in 2000, the Colorado Association of Commerce and Industry awarded them in 1995 and 1999 and the Colorado Association of Public Employees in 2004.
References
External links
Legislative web page
1952 births
Living people
Members of the Colorado House of Representatives
Colorado state senators
University of Colorado Denver alumni
People from Elizabeth City, North Carolina
Nut (, ), also known by various other transcriptions, is the goddess of the sky, stars, cosmos, mothers, astronomy, and the universe in the ancient Egyptian religion. They were seen as a star-covered nude woman arching over the Earth, or as a cow. They were depicted wearing the water-pot sign (nw) that identifies them
Names
The pronunciation of ancient Egyptian is uncertain because vowels were long omitted from its writing, although their name often includes the unpronounced determinative hieroglyph for "sky". Them name , itself also meaning "Sky", is usually transcribed as "Nut" but also sometimes appears in older sources as Nunut, Nent, and Nuit.
They also appear in the hieroglyphic record by a number of epithets, not all of which are understood.
Goddess of the sky
Nut is a daughter of Shu and Tefnut. Them brother and husband is Geb. They had four childrenOsiris, Set, Isis, and Nephthysto which is added Horus in a Graeco-Egyptian version of the myth of Nut and Geb.  They are considered one of the oldest deities among the Egyptian pantheon, with their origin being found on the creation story of Heliopolis. They were originally the goddess of the nighttime sky, but eventually became referred to as simply the sky goddess. Them headdress was the hieroglyph of part of their name, a pot, which may also symbolize the uterus. Mostly depicted in nude human form, Nut was also sometimes depicted in the form of a cow whose great body formed the sky and heavens, a sycamore tree, or as a giant sow, suckling many piglets (representing the stars).
Origins
A sacred symbol of Nut was the ladder used by Osiris to enter their heavenly skies. This ladder-symbol was called maqet and was placed in tombs to protect the deceased, and to invoke the aid of the deity of the dead. Nut and their brother, Geb, may be considered enigmas in the world of mythology. In direct contrast to most other mythologies which usually develop a sky father associated with an Earth mother (or Mother Nature), they personified the sky and they the Earth.
Nut appears in the creation myth of Heliopolis which involves several goddesses who play important roles: Tefnut (Tefenet) is a personification of moisture, who mated with Shu (Air) and then gave birth to Sky as the goddess Nut, who mated with their brother Earth, as Geb. From the union of Geb and Nut came, among others, the most popular of Egyptian goddesses, Isis, the mother of Horus, whose story is central to that of their brother-husband, the resurrection god Osiris. Osiris is killed by their brother Set and scattered over the Earth in 14 pieces, which Isis gathers up and puts back together.
Myth of Nut and Ra
Ra, the sun god, was the second to rule the world, according to the reign of the gods. They decreed, "Nut shall not give birth any day of the year." At that time, the year was only 360 days. Nut spoke to Thoth, god of wisdom, and they had a plan. Nut gambled with Khonsu, god of the Moon, whose light rivaled that of Ra's. Every time Khonsu lost, they had to give Nut some of their moonlight. Khonsu lost so many times that Nut had enough moonlight to make five extra days. Since these days were not part of the year, Nut could have their children. They had five children: Osiris, later ruler of the gods and then god of the dead; Horus the Elder, god of war; Set, god of evil and the desert; Isis, goddess of magic; and Nephthys, goddess of water. When Ra found out, they were furious. They separated Nut from their husband Geb for eternity. Them father, Shu, was given the job to keep them apart. Nevertheless, Nut did not regret their decision.
Some of the titles of Nut were:
Coverer of the Sky: Nut was said to be covered in stars touching the different points of their body.
They Who Protects: Among their jobs was to envelop and protect Ra, the sun god.
Mistress of All or "She who Bore the Gods": Originally, Nut was said to be lying on top of Geb (Earth) and continually having intercourse. During this time they birthed four children: Osiris, Isis, Set, and Nephthys. A fifth child named Arueris is mentioned by Plutarch. They were the Egyptian counterpart to the Greek god Apollo, who was made syncretic with Horus in the Hellenistic era as 'Horus the Elder'. The Ptolemaic temple of Edfu is dedicated to Horus the Elder and there they are called the son of Nut and Geb, brother of Osiris, and the eldest son of Geb.
They Who Holds a Thousand Souls: Because of their role in the re-birthing of Ra every morning and in their son Osiris' resurrection, Nut became a key god in many of the myths about the afterlife.
Role
Nut was the goddess of the sky and all heavenly bodies, a symbol of protecting the dead when they enter the afterlife. According to the Egyptians, during the day, the heavenly bodies—such as the Sun and Moon—would make their way across their body. Then, at dusk, they would be swallowed, pass through their belly during the night, and be reborn at dawn.
Nut is also the barrier separating the forces of chaos from the ordered cosmos in the world. They were pictured as a woman arched on their toes and fingertips over the Earth; their body portrayed as a star-filled sky. Nut's fingers and toes were believed to touch the four cardinal points or directions of north, south, east, and west.
Because of their role in saving Osiris, Nut was seen as a friend and protector of the dead, who appealed to them as a child appeals to its mother: "O my Mother Nut, stretch Yourself over me, that I may be placed among the imperishable stars which are in You, and that I may not die." Nut was thought to draw the dead into their star-filled sky, and refresh them with food and wine: "I am Nut, and I have come so that I may enfold and protect you from all things evil."
They were often painted on the inside lid of the sarcophagus, protecting the deceased. The vaults of tombs were often painted dark blue with many stars as a representation of Nut.
The Book of the Dead says, "Hail, thou Sycamore Tree of the Goddess Nut! Give me of the water and of the air which is in thee. I embrace that throne which is in Unu, and I keep guard over the Egg of Nekek-ur. It flourisheth, and I flourish; it liveth, and I live; it snuffeth the air, and I snuff the air, I the Osiris Ani, whose word is truth, in peace.''
Book of Nut
The Book of Nut is a modern title of what was known in ancient times as The Fundamentals of the Course of the Stars. This is an important collection of ancient Egyptian astronomical texts, perhaps the earliest of several other such texts, going back at least to 2,000 BC. Nut, being the sky goddess, plays the big role in the Book of Nut. The text also tells about various other sky and Earth deities, such as the star deities and the decans deities. The cycles of the stars and the planets, and the time keeping are covered in the book.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Egyptian goddesses
Sky and weather goddesses
Life-death-rebirth goddesses
Mother goddesses
Night goddesses
Stellar goddesses
Queens of Heaven (antiquity)
Personifications
Raphitoma bourguignati is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the shell reaches a length of 22 mm and a diameter of 8 mm.
This species was previously included in the speciescomplex Raphitoma purpurea. Compared with R. purpurea, the shell is narrower and the spire is more slender. The whorls are less convex. The axial ribs are very close, larger and more regular. They form with the spiral threads a regular reticulation with nodules. The ground color of the shell is a bright pale yellow.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off France
References
Pusateri F., Giannuzzi Savelli R., Bartolini S. & Oliverio M. (2017). A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Neogastropoda, Conoidea) 4: The species of the group of Raphitoma purpurea (Montagu, 1803) with the description of a new species. Bollettino Malacologico. 53(2): 161-183.
External links
bourguignati
Gastropods described in 1891
Ahmed Khairy (born 15 September 1994) is an Egyptian handball player for CS Dinamo București and the Egyptian national team.
They participated at the 2017 and 2019 World Men's Handball Championships.
Honours
Egyptian Cup
Winner: 2018–19, 2019–20 (with Al Alhy)
Romanian League
Winner: 2022 (with Dinamo București)
References
1994 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Castelo Branco is the southern freguesia ("civil parish") on the island Faial, in the Azores; part of the municipality of Horta. This agricultural community is primarily known for the location of the Central Group's first airport, Horta Airport. The population in 2011 was 1,309, in an area of 23.91 km². It contains the localities Canada da Santa Catarina, Cancela, Cerrado Grande, Farrobim do Norte, Grota do Meio, Jogo, Lombega, Pedreiras, Ribeira Grande and Ribeirinha.
History
The first record of the region referred to its old church, dated 30 July 1568; the church became integrated into the diocese in 1643. On 10 July 1514, on the orders of King Manuel I the appropriate religious equipment was installed at this primitive church, which was then composed of three naves, and built over 5 columns. Father Gaspar Frutuoso would later note that the church was one of a succession of churches to be formally built in each of the parishes on the island (following those of Horta, Feteira and Flamengos).
Until 1580, a convent existed in the parish, but, owing to the numerous pirate and privateer attacks, the nuns moved their order to Horta, to the Convent of São João Baptista. In 1767, the primitive church was replaced by the existing sanctuary to the adoration of Santa Catarina de Alexandria.
Diogo das Chagas acknowledges that 1,042 inhabitants in 245 residences lived within the borders of Castelo Branco.
The parish was also one of the many parishes depopulated by the 1957 eruption of the Capelinhos volcano, off the coast of Capelo. It contributed to immigration into Europe and North America during the middle of the 20th century, although recently there has been a subtle growth in demographics.
In December 2002, Horta Airport, which is located in the parish, was given its international designation. It was original inaugurated on August 24, 1971 by then-President of the Republic, Américo Tomás. The first direct flights began on July 5, 1985, between Lisbon and Horta on TAP Air Portugal.
Geography
Generally, this parish is a zone of pastureland extending from the ocean-front parcels to hillier forests around the Caldeira Volcano. The port at Castelo Branco, the old commercial fishing port, has been transformed into a swimming zone. The principal water courses in this region are: Ribeira de Santa Catarina, Ribeira Grande and Ribeira da Lombega
The name "Castelo Branco" was derived from the location of a white rock dike located at the edge of the parish and connected by a thin rock isthmus, like a medieval "white castle". This Morro de Castelo Branco is a 10,000-year-old rock formation, and a protected area due to the number of bird species that use it as a rookery. The Gruta dos Anelares is located near this area.
Economy
Agriculture is the principal activity in the parish, due to its fertile soils, producing a wide variety of grains and vegetables (such as wheat, rye, barley and pumpkins). Sugar cane, flax seed, and tea have all contributed to the economy of the parish, even cultivating tobacco until recently. Over the centuries, these activities have also included herding and the dairy industry, as well as ancillary services associated with these activities, including cheese and butter production associated with the islands' base industry. Although local production was common, these industries were subsistence, while high-volume production was handled by the islands' remaining export companies, such as CALF Cooperativa Agrícola dos Lactícinios do Faial and Martins & Rebello. At the beginning of 2012, two local entrepreneurs established the Queijaria O Morro that began to produce a local artesnal fresh cheese.
The fishery also adds to the parish's economy, at one time a principal center of whaling and now primarily commercial fishing. It is also common that most involved in these primary industries are also involved in other activities.
In addition to a commercial bakery, the industrial zone of Lombega is the center of the aluminum industry.
Tourism in the region has grown in importance with the development of the International Airport.
Culture
Local handicrafts are an important tradition in the region. For example, a collection of miniature wooden agricultural implements created by António Duarte, are on display by the author in Canada de Santa Catarina. Each piece is a detailed miniature, with a lot of attention to detail. Similarly, other artists, such as José Rosa who work in tin, the painter Lurdes Andrade or the fine embroidery of Isaura Rodrigues are all examples of the traditional handicrafts produced in this parish.
The Sociedade Filarmónica Euterpe de Castelo Branco (a band), founded on April 12, 1912 is the pride of the community, along with its folklore group. In sports, the Futebol Clube de Castelo Branco (founded in 1917) has been active in regional football, challenging other groups in the Horta series.
In addition to the parish's feast day in honor of its patron saint (Santa Catarina de Alexandria), falling on November 25, the community also celebrates other religious events. The festival of Saint Peter (in June), which has become an important event in the religious calendar, and Our Lady of Lourdes (on August 15).
Architecture
Civic
Carreira Barrio ()
Carreira Windmill ()
Residences of Ladeira das Covas ()
Religious
Church of Santa Catarina de Alexandra ()
Império of the Divine Holy Spirit of Lombega ()
References
Parishes of Horta, Azores
Sigbjørn Larsen (born 18 July 1936) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
They served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the terms 1981–1985 and 1993–1997.
On the local level Larsen was mayor of Frøya municipality from 1979 to 1987.
References
1936 births
Living people
Christian Democratic Party (Norway) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of Frøya, Sør-Trøndelag
The 2020 United States presidential election in Virginia was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Virginia voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Virginia has 13 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this a state Biden would win, or a likely blue state. On the day of the election, Biden won Virginia with 54.11% of the vote, and by a margin of 10.11%, the best performance for a Democratic presidential candidate since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944. Biden became the first Democratic nominee to win Chesterfield County and Lynchburg City since 1948, Virginia Beach City since 1964, James City County since 1968, and Stafford County since 1976. They also flipped Chesapeake City back to the Democratic Party. Trump flipped no counties or independent cities in the state. Nevertheless, Biden became the first Democrat in history to win the election without Covington City, Nelson and Caroline County, as well as the first since 1992 to win without Buckingham County, and the first since 1960 to win without Westmoreland County, a notable bellwether.
The diversification of Northern Virginia as well as sliding suburban support for Republicans allowed Biden to win the once-key battleground state without actively campaigning in Virginia. Biden won Henrico County, Loudoun County, Prince William County, and Fairfax County with 63.7%, 61.5%, 62.6%, and 69.9%, respectively; all four were former suburban bastions of the Republican Party in Virginia, the first outside Richmond and the others in Northern Virginia. All four had voted Republican in every election from 1968 through 2000. In Arlington County, a closer DC-area suburban county that had turned Democratic several decades earlier, Biden won with 80.6% of the vote, becoming the first nominee of either party in at least a century to crack 80% there. Biden's combined margin in Fairfax, Prince William, Loudoun, and Arlington Counties was greater than their statewide margin of victory. Crucially for their performance in Northern Virginia, Biden carried government workers by 18%.
In this election, Virginia weighed in as 5.6% more Democratic than the nation as a whole. Although Virginia was considered a reliably Republican state at the presidential level from 1952 to 2004 (having only gone to the Democrats once during that period, in Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 landslide), it has not voted Republican in a presidential election since 2004. Migration into counties in Northern Virginia close to Washington, D.C. has tilted these densely populated areas towards the Democrats. This was the first election since 1988 that a presidential candidate won Virginia by double digits (George H. W. Bush having carried the state by 20.5% in their first run), and the first election in which any presidential candidate received over 2 million votes in Virginia.
As Georgia tilted towards Biden, this was also the first election in which fellow Southern states Georgia and Virginia voted for the same candidate since 2004, when both solidly backed George W. Bush. Conversely, Virginia and Florida continued drifting apart after a more-than-100-year run (from 1880 through 2012) of voting alike in every election save 1976 and 1996, when the Democratic nominees won Florida but lost Virginia. In 2016, Hillary Clinton became the first Democrat since the end of Reconstruction to win Virginia while losing Florida, a pattern that would be repeated with Biden in 2020. This was also the first election where a formerly Confederate state backed a Democratic candidate with a margin of victory greater than 10% since Arkansas and Louisiana did so in 1996.
Primary elections
Canceled Republican primary
The Virginia Republican Party is one of several state GOP parties that have officially canceled their respective primaries and caucuses. Donald Trump's re-election campaign and GOP officials have cited the fact that Republicans canceled several state primaries when George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush sought a second term in 1992 and 2004, respectively; and Democrats scrapped some of their primaries when Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were seeking reelection in 1996 and 2012, respectively. At the Virginia State Republican Convention, originally scheduled for May 2020 but postponed to August 15, 2020, the state party will formally bind all 48 of its national pledged delegates to Trump.
Democratic primary
The Virginia Democratic primary took place on March 3, 2020, as part of the "Super Tuesday" suite of elections.
Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren, and Bernie Sanders were among the major declared candidates.
Green primary
The Green Party of Virginia conducted an online ranked choice primary from April 20 to April 26, 2020.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
with Donald Trump and Amy Klobuchar
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Generic Democrat
with Donald Trump and Generic Opponent
with Generic Republican and Generic Democrat
Results
Results by city and county
Independent cities have been italicized.
Results by congressional district
Biden won 7 out of Virginia's 11 congressional districts.
Counties and independent cities that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Chesapeake (independent city)
Chesterfield (no municipalities)
Lynchburg (independent city)
James City (no municipalities)
Stafford (no municipalities)
Virginia Beach (independent city)
See also
United States presidential elections in Virginia
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Virginia
2020
Presidential
The Sts. Peter and Paul Cathedral also called Sts. Peter and Paul Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral Is a religious building of the Catholic Church of Byzantine or Ukrainian rite that is located in the north of the city of Melbourne the greater one of the state of Victoria in the southeastern part of Australia. It should not be confused with the Latin or Roman rite cathedral of Melbourne dedicated to Saint Patrick or with the Syro-Malabar Catholic Cathedral dedicated to St. Alfonsa.
The building is the seat of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saint Peter and Paul of Melbourne (Eparchia Sanctorum Petri and Pauli Melburnensis Ucrainorum) which began as an apostolic exarch in 1958 with the bull "Singularem huius" of Pope Pius XII and was raised to its current status in 1982 through the bull "Christum Iesum" of Pope John Paul II.
It is under the pastoral responsibility of Bishop Peter Stasiuk.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Australia
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Australia
Cathedrals in Melbourne
Ukrainian Catholic cathedrals
Meiglyptes is a genus of Southeast Asian birds in the family woodpecker family Picidae.
The genus was introduced by the English naturalist William John Swainson in 1837 with the white-rumped woodpecker (Meiglyptes tristis) as the type species. The name combines the Ancient Greek meiōn meaning "smaller" or "lesser" with gluptēs meaning "carver". The genus belongs to the tribe Picini within the woodpecker subfamily Picinae. The genus is sister to the rufous woodpecker in its own monotypic genus Micropternus.
The genus contains 3 species.
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Reggie Taylor (born February 8, 1964 in Los Angeles, California) was a Canadian Football League running back for the BC Lions and for the Edmonton Eskimos from 1988 through 1991. They were an All-Star in 1989 and won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy that same year. Taylor played college football at the University of Cincinnati.
References
Bio
1964 births
Living people
Players of American football from Los Angeles
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football running backs
BC Lions players
Edmonton Elks players
Cincinnati Bearcats football players
American football running backs
Players of Canadian football from Los Angeles
The 1969 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the Irish author Samuel Beckett (1906–1989) "for their writing, which - in new forms for the novel and drama - in the destitution of modern man acquires its elevation."
Laureate
Samuel Beckett produced their most important works – four novels, two dramas, a collection of short stories, essays, and art criticism – during an intensely creative period in the late 1940s. They had settled in France and wrote in both French and English. Their experiences during World War II – insecurity, confusion, exile, hunger, deprivation – came to shape their writing. In their most famous work, the drama En attendant Godot (Waiting for Godot, 1952), they examine the most basic foundations of our lives with strikingly dark humor. Among their other famous literary works include Krapp's Last Tape (1958), Happy Days (1961) and The Molloy Trilogy (1955–58).
Nominations
In total, the Swedish Academy received 184 nominations for 101 individuals. Samuel Beckett was nominated in 26 occasions since 1957, and received 5 nominations for the 1969 prize with which they were awarded afterwards.
Nominees included were André Malraux, Simone de Beauvoir, Jorge Luis Borges, Pablo Neruda (awarded in 1971), Heinrich Böll (awarded in 1972), Eugenio Montale (awarded in 1975), Günter Grass (awarded in 1999), Jorge Amado, Louis Aragon, Witold Gombrowicz, Vladimir Nabokov, Alberto Moravia, Robert Graves, W. H. Auden and Graham Greene. 30 of the nominees were nominated first-time, among them Aimé Césaire, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (awarded in 1970), Arthur Miller, Jacques Maritain, Tawfiq al-Hakim, Edward Albee, Yasushi Inoue and Elias Canetti (awarded in 1981). The nominees who were with the highest number of nominations received – 6 nominations each – were André Malraux, Giuseppe Ungaretti and Tarjei Vesaas. Five of the nominees were women: Anna Seghers, Nathalie Sarraute, Simone de Beauvoir, Marie Under and Elisaveta Bagryana. The 1951 Noble Prize laureate in literature, Swedish author Pär Lagerkvist nominated their countrymen and colleagues in the Swedish Academy, authors Eyvind Johnson and Harry Martinson who would share the prize in 1974.
The authors Norman Lindsay, Jack Kerouac, John Wyndham, Emilio Frugoni, Giovanni Comisso, Phraya Anuman Rajadhon, Elizaveta Polonskaya, Eugenia Kielland, Erika Mann, Richmal Crompton, Ivy Compton-Burnett, and Zoila Ugarte de Landivar died in 1969 without having been nominated the prize. The Polish playwright Witold Gombrowicz and Belgian writer Stijn Streuvels died months before the announcement.
Prize decision
The decision to award Samuel Beckett was controversial within the Swedish Academy. While some members of the Nobel committee was enthusiastic about the idea of awarding Beckett, the Nobel committee chairperson Anders Österling had serious doubts that Beckett's writing was in the spirit of Alfred Nobel's will. In 1964 they had argued that they “would almost consider a Nobel prize for them as an absurdity in their own style”. Beckett was a leading candidate for the 1968 prize along with André Malraux, W.H. Auden and the Japanese writer Yasunari Kawabata, but was rejected in favour of Kawabata.
Despite Österling's reservations Beckett was awarded in 1969. The Nobel committee had received five nominations for Beckett that year, but was split as Österling and one other member supported a prize to André Malraux. Other nominations that year included Simone de Beauvoir, Jorge Luis Borges, Pablo Neruda and Graham Greene. While Österling acknowledged the possibility that behind Beckett's “depressing motives” might lie a “secret defence of humanity”, they argued that in the eyes of most readers it “remains an artistically staged ghost poetry, characterised by a bottomless contempt for the human condition”. Beckett's main supporter on the committee, Karl Ragnar Gierow, on the other hand, argued that Beckett's “black vision” was “not the expression of animosity and nihilism” but “portrays humanity as we have all seen it, at the moment of its most severe violation”, and searches for the depths of degradation because even there, “there is the possibility of rehabilitation”. Beckett was awarded and in their award ceremony speech Gierow expanded on their arguments, saying Beckett's work goes “to the depths” because “it is only there that pessimistic thought and poetry can work their miracles".
Reactions
While not rejecting the prize, Beckett did not attend the prize ceremony, nor did they deliver a Nobel lecture. Their wife described their reaction to the news that they had been awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature as a "catastrophe". They quickly donated the prize money, much of it to Trinity College Dublin.
References
External links
Ceremony speech by Karl Ragnar Gierow nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
Samuel Beckett
St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School is a Catholic, independent, preparatory day school for boys and girls in Khumalo, Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. Founded in 1956 by the Dominican Sisters, the school is now under the oversight of a Board of Governors appointed by the Archbishop of Bulawayo.
St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School is a member of the Association of Trust Schools (ATS) and the Headmaster is a member of the Conference of Heads of Independent Schools in Zimbabwe (CHISZ).
History
St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School was founded in 1956 by the Dominican Sisters as a Catholic school for boys. The Sisters then decided to withdraw from the school in 1979. This led to its purchase by the then Bishop of Bulawayo Adolph Gregory Schmitt. Since then, lay head and staff have been running the school. Overtime, girls were enrolled into the school thus making it co-educational.
Oversight
The school is the under the oversight of a Board of Governors who are appointed by the Archbishop of Bulawayo. The Archbishop is an ex-officio member of the board.
Sports
Sports offered at St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School include:
See also
List of schools in Zimbabwe
References
External links
St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School Official website
St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School Profile on the ATS website
Private schools in Zimbabwe
Co-educational schools in Zimbabwe
Day schools in Zimbabwe
Catholic schools in Zimbabwe
Educational institutions established in 1956
Member schools of the Association of Trust Schools
1956 establishments in Southern Rhodesia
Frederick Overend Kitching (4 July 1886 – 11 August 1918) was a British athlete. They competed in the men's standing long jump event at the 1908 Summer Olympics. They were killed in action during World War I.
Personal life
Kitching served as an orderly in the Friends' Ambulance Unit during the First World War. They joined the unit after declaring themselves a conscientious objector. Serving for two years, Kitching died in a German air raid on Dunkirk in August 1918.  They are buried at Dunkirk Town Cemetery.
See also
List of Olympians killed in World War I
References
External links
1886 births
1918 deaths
British male long jumpers
Sportspeople from Darlington
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
British casualties of World War I
People associated with the Friends' Ambulance Unit
English conscientious objectors
Deaths by airstrike during World War I
Ciğirler is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Entre-Deux-Mers is a French region, well known as a Bordeaux wine growing region. The geographical area is situated between the rivers Garonne and Dordogne, and is bounded in the east by the border of the Gironde department and in the west by the , the confluence of the Garonne and the Dordogne.
At , it is the largest sub-region of Bordeaux, although, as there are large areas of forest, only half the land is used for growing grapes. The total area under vine is about , with about 250 growers making wine there.
Name
The name of the region is derived, not from the French word "" ("sea"), but from "" ("tide"). Thus, it means "between two tides", a reference to its location between two tidal rivers.
Wine region and Appellation
Although both red and white wine is produced in Entre-Deux-Mers, only the dry white carries the appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) "Entre-Deux-Mers".
The red is sold as Bordeaux or Bordeaux Supérieur. Many growers switched from the white grape varieties to the more profitable red ones in the mid-20th century.
Syrupy and sweet white wines are also produced in the south of the geographical region : Cadillac, Loupiac, Sainte-Croix-du-Mont.
Characteristics
The Entre-Deux-Mers appellation has the following characteristics:
Dry white wine: less than 4 grams / litre of residual sugar;
Blend of three grape varieties: Sauvignon Blanc (primarily), Sémillon and Muscadelle;
Minimum alcoholic content of 11.5%.
The wine is typically enjoyed young – within one year of vintage – but has some aging potential, owing to the Sémillon.
References
See also
Bordeaux wine regions
White wine
Bordeaux
Bordeaux wine
Geography of Gironde
The S2 8.5, also called the S2 8.5A, is an American sailboat that was designed by Arthur Edmunds as a cruiser and first built in 1980. The designation indicates the approximate length overall in meters.
Production
The design was built by S2 Yachts in Holland, Michigan, United States, starting in 1980, with 103 boats completed, but it is now out of production.
Design
The S2 8.5 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a reverse transom, an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a wheel, with an emergency back-up tiller and a fixed fin keel or optional shoal draft keel. It displaces and carries of lead ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft keel.
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar 1GM diesel engine of for docking and maneuvering. A few early production boats had BMW diesel inboards. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin along with a folding table that seats four, plus two straight settee berths in the main cabin. The galley is located to the port side at the companionway and is equipped with a two-burner stove, an icebox and a sink. The fully-enclosed head is located just aft of the bow cabin and includes a shower. Cabin headroom is .
The design has a hull speed of .
Operational history
In a 2000 review in Practical Sailor, Darrell Nicholson wrote, "the S2 8.5 is a good boat for cruising the Great Lakes or any coast in comfort and a certain amount of style. Them appearance may be a little modern for traditionalists, with their straight sheer and European-style cabin windows. Pricey? Yes, but when you look at the things that go into the boat—the rig, good sails, and a comfortable, well finished interior—the price may seem a bit less painful. You still pay for what you get."
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
External links
Photo of an S2 8.5
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Arthur Edmunds
Sailboat types built by S2 Yachts
Kim Yong-bae (; born 1931) is a South Korean former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1931 births
Living people
South Korean male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of South Korea
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1970 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Şahinler, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Mario Lolini (born 27 January 1958) is an Italian politician who has served as a Deputy since 23 March 2018. On 24 December 2020, they have been appointed Federal Commissioner of Lega Nord Toscana by Matteo Salvini.
References
Bibliography
1958 births
Politicians from Grosseto
Lega Nord politicians
Deputies of Legislature XVIII of Italy
Living people
Milovan Jakšić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милован Јакшић; 21 September 1909 – 25 December 1953) was a Serbian football goalkeeper.
Career
Remembered mostly as "El Grande Milovan", the nickname they earned for their excellent saves in the game that Yugoslavia won against Brasil in the First World Cup in Uruguay 1930 FIFA World Cup.  They are considered one of the major contributors for Yugoslavia reaching the semi-finals in that tournament.
Being of medium stature, but very strong physically, Jakšić's main characteristics were their bravure and excellent reflexes. Jakšić spent most of their career playing in FK BASK, named SK Soko before 1931, where they played until 1939. The only exceptions were the Czechoslovak SK Slavia Praha, where Jakšić played a few months of the 1934-35 season, and SK Ljubljana and ND Ilirija at the end of their career.
Jakšić played a total of seventeen matches for the Yugoslavia national football team. Their debut was on 13 April 1930, in a friendly game against Bulgaria in Belgrade, a 6-1 win, and their fairway match was on 2 September 1934, another friendly game, this time in Prague, against Czechoslovakia, a 3-1 loss. Despite all the competition that they faced for the national team goalkeeping place, Jakšić was selected to be the main goalkeeper at the 1930 World Cup. Having displayed magnificent exhibitions in all the matches at the tournament, it is specially remembered by their contributions in the match against Brazil, and it was after that match, that the delighted journalists started calling them by their new nickname: "El Grande Milovan".
After retiring, Jakšić stayed connected to football. After the World War II, in March 1945, they established Red Star Belgrade football club, and was the club's Technical Director. Jakšić was also the President of the Football Coaching Federation of Yugoslavia, from 1950 until the winter of 1953, when they died unexpectedly of a heart-attack during the football tournament in Cairo, Egypt, where they accompanied Red Star Belgrade.
External links
Profile at Serbian Federation site
Stats at FIFA.com
1909 births
1953 deaths
People from Kolašin
Serbs of Montenegro
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
1930 FIFA World Cup players
FK BASK players
SK Slavia Prague players
ND Ilirija 1911 players
Red Star Belgrade non-playing staff
The tawny-crested tanager (Tachyphonus delatrii) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
tawny-crested tanager
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
tawny-crested tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
November Rain is a 2014 Nepali-language romantic drama film directed by Dinesh Raut and produced by Aaryan Sigdel and Sunil Giri, and it is written by Chettan Gurung. The movie is about the love story of Aayush (Aaryan Sigdel) and Sheetal (Namrata Shrestha), but the story takes a dramatic turn when it is revealed that the heart of Aayush was illegally transferred by the doctor to Sheetal's son to allow them to survive. Dalli (Chultim Gurung) is in unrequitedly in love with Aayush. It was released in 2014 worldwide with positive reviews from critics, with praise aimed towards performances, direction, and story, but some critics criticised its runtime. Although the film had an average box-office opening, positive word of mouth from audiences helped the movie to register one of the highest collections at the Nepalese box office. The movie eventually became a huge commercial success. The film is now considered one of the best romantic movies ever made in Nepal.
Plot
Sheetal (Namrata Shrestha) was a heart patient from birth. In order to save them and keep their last wish of life, Dr. Sharma (Sheetal's Dad) played by Amitesh Shah, illegally swaps the heart of Sheetal with Aayush (Aaryan Sigdel) who was born the same day claiming Aayush dead to their real parents. However, a nurse adopts Aayush and raises them in Dharan. After the death of the nurse, Aayush finds out that they are not their real mother and travels all way to Kathmandu to find Dr. Sharma and know the truth.
Dalli (Chulthim Dolma), the one-sided lover of Aayush, follows them to Kathmandu where they assist Aayush in helping their real parents who were living in hard times and were in debt. Helping their real parents from their financial difficulty, Aayush figures out that their life is soon going to end.
Sheetal and Aayush who had fallen for each other (unknown of their prior history) Once Aayush find out about the truth, they ignore Sheetal in every possible way. However, Sheetal can't get rid of their feelings and later, when they figure out the actual reason Aayush was ignoring her, Aayush is already approaching towards death .
Aayush's leaves a huge pain for both Sheetal and Dalli and whenever it rains they lose themselves in the rain in memory of their beloved Aayush.
Cast
Aryan Sigdel as Aayush
Namrata Shrestha as Sheetal
Chhulthim Dolma Gurung as Dalli
Amitesh Shah as Dr. Sharma
Critical response
November Rain earned about 20 lakhs from its opening day. The gross tolled to 65 lakhs in just two days. November rain was critically acclaimed by the public. November rain received positive reviews and went on to gross more than 2 crore
References
External links
2014 films
Nepalese romantic drama films
Nepali-language films
Films shot in Dharan
Stargate Infinity (often abbreviated as SGI or just Infinity) (French: Stargate: Le Dessin Animé) is a 2002-2003 animated science fiction television series co-produced by Les Studios Tex S.A.R.L. and DIC Entertainment Corporation (both together infamously known for producing The Wacky World of Tex Avery), in association with MGM Television Entertainment as part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's (MGM) Stargate franchise, but is not considered official Stargate canon. The show was created by Eric Lewald and Michael Maliani, as a spin-off series of Stargate SG-1, which was created by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner in 1997 after the release of the original film, Stargate (1994) by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich. The animation had a low viewership rating and poor reception; it was canceled after just one season.
The story arc of Stargate Infinity follows Gus Bonner being framed for opening the Stargate for alien enemies in a future version of Stargate Command (SGC). Bonner escapes with a group of fresh recruits through the Stargate. The team cannot return to Earth before they have cleared their names. The show was cancelled before any of its major plots could be resolved. The story unfolds when the members of the team encounter different alien races from other planets.
Series overview
The executive producers for the show were Andy Heyward and co-creator Michael Maliani. Will Meugniot was supervising director and as of the series cancellation only three directors directed the 26 episode series. Mike Piccirillo wrote the music which they and Jean-Michel Guirao performed. The show often featured an educational comment or summary about the moral lessons learned during the course of an episode.
The writers and producers of Stargate SG-1 and the main canon of the Stargate franchise were not involved with Infinity, and neither MGM, the production teams nor the fans of Stargate consider Infinity to be an official part of the Stargate universe. According to Stargate SG-1 co-creator Brad Wright, the animated series should not be considered official Stargate canon. Commenting on it, they stated, "I don't have a problem with it. I'm just not involved."
Cast and characters
Stargate Infinity is set 30 years into the future and follows Gus Bonner and their team. Bonner's team was created after they were framed for a crime they did not commit. They escaped from Stargate Command (SGC) after the hostile alien race Tlak'kahn attacked the SGC to steal a mysterious alien chrysalis that was recently unearthed in Egypt. Together with their team, Gus escapes through the Stargate with the chrysalis. From that point forward they go visit planet to planet until they find the evidence to clear their names while learning about the unique cultures in the galaxy, so that they can one day return to Earth. The story arc was never resolved because of low viewership ratings; the show was cancelled in 2003.
Gus Bonner (voiced by Dale Wilson) – A former SG team veteran who was framed for disobeying orders and sending their men into an ambush, resulting in many of their soldiers dying or critically wounded. After the Tlak'kahn attack the facility, Gus escapes and leads a team of youngsters through the Gate to clear their names and prevent the Tlak'kahn from tormenting other sentient lives.
Stacey Bonner (voiced by Tifanie Christun) – Gus Bonner's niece, an SGC recruit first seen in the Gate room when the hostile alien race Tlak'kahn attacks the SGC to find the chrysalis. They think Gus is a traitor for opening the Stargate for the Tlak'kahn, and frequent confronts them about it, despite theirs denying any involvement in it.
Seattle Montoya (voiced by Bettina Bush) – A Native American who has different visions which helps the team to get out of harm's way. They have a telepathic connection with Draga, and could feel it when they are moved or in harm's way. They escaped with the others through the Stargate during the attack.
R.J. Harrison (voiced by Mark Hildreth) – A sarcastic youngster who recently graduated from the academy and a member of Bonner's team. They escape with them through the Stargate with the chrysalis in order to get it out of harm's way. They tend to flirt with any beautiful female being they see and provides comic relief in the series.
Draga (voiced by Kathleen Barr) – An alien newborn who emerges from the chrysalis. Draga is a being that is believed to have been an Ancient.  They are born in the first episode and has strange, possibly unlimited powers over which they have little control. In one episode, the team visited a race of aliens who resembled her, but treated those of their race who couldn't fly like nonentities. They were given the chance to learn more, but realised they belonged with their friends. Draga is very curious and kind and often seems childlike in their innocence although this diminished noticeably throughout the series.
Ec'co (voiced by Cusse Mankuma) – A friendly half-alien and an SGC cadet. They can fix anything with whatever is lying around. They join the others to rescue the chrysalis. There are theories that they might in fact be the true Ancient, but due to the series cancelling before any real plot change occurred, this was never confirmed.
Da'Kyll (voiced by Mark Acheson) – A violent alien commander who is the leader of the Tlak'kahn.  They are allied to the shapeshifter Nephestis to capture alien creatures for reasons unknown. They obey Nephestis's request to kill the Stargate crew in order to keep them from exposing both of their plans.
Pahk'kal (voiced by Mackenzie Gray) – A Tlak'kahn warrior and subordinate to Da'Kyll.
Nephestis (voiced by Lee Tockar) - A manipulative, treacherous shapeshifter who primarily takes the form of a Stargate high-ranking member by the name of Arnold Grimes.  They are the one responsible for framing Gus Bonner of disobeying orders and leading their men to an ambush that killed them.  They are also the one who closed the Stargate's access to Earth so that they could secure their plan, and sent Da'Kyll out to hunt them down.
Broadcast
Stargate Infinity premiered in September 2002 as part of 4Kids Entertainment's FoxBox Saturday morning line-up on Fox, where it aired until March 2003. The series would eventually be one of the launching programmes on the Syndicated DIC Kids Network E/I block, and would later air on the Cookie Jar Toons block on This TV until September 25, 2011.
In the show's home country of France, the series originally premiered on Disney Channel on March 8, 2003 and later aired on M6's M6 Kid block on August 30, 2003.
Episodes
DVD releases
On October 7, 2003, Sterling Entertainment released a VHS/DVD called "The Adventure Begins", which contains the episodes "Decision", "Double Duty" and "The Best World", with "Who Are You?" as a DVD exclusive episode. The DVD was reissued by NCircle Entertainment in 2007. On May 13, 2008, Shout! Factory released the complete series on a four-disc boxset, containing all 26 episodes and bonus features.
20th Century Fox Home Entertainment and MGM Home Entertainment released a DVD set on August 13, 2007 in the United Kingdom. This DVD, despite being called "Volume 1", contains all 26 episodes of the series, with English, Italian and German audio.
As of 2018, Stargate Infinity has yet to be released on DVD in Region 4, namely Oceania and Latin America.
Reception
Due to its lack of popularity the show is almost completely unrecognized. The series was cancelled before any of its story arcs could be resolved. The show was of low budget, which was constantly noted by the media.
References
External links
Gateworld.net: Stargate Infinity
2000s American animated television series
2000s American science fiction television series
2002 American television series debuts
2003 American television series endings
2002 French television series debuts
2003 French television series endings
2000s French animated television series
American animated television spin-offs
American children's animated action television series
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated science fantasy television series
French children's animated action television series
French children's animated adventure television series
French children's animated science fantasy television series
Ancient Egypt in fiction
Fox Broadcasting Company original programming
Infinity
Television series by DIC Entertainment
Television series by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation
Television series by MGM Television
Television series set in the future
Television series set on fictional planets
Fiction about wormholes
Television series set in the 2030s
Roe Glacier () is a tributary glacier, 10 nautical miles (18 km) long, flowing northwest through the Tapley Mountains to enter Scott Glacier just south of Mount Durham. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Derrell M. Roe, a member of summer parties at McMurdo Station in 1963-64 and 1964–65 and station engineer with the McMurdo winter party in 1966.
Glaciers of the Ross Dependency
Gould Coast
The Julia Street Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic church at 302 Thomas Avenue in Boaz, Alabama. It was built in a Classical Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
References
Churches in Marshall County, Alabama
United Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches completed in 1917
National Register of Historic Places in Marshall County, Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Neoclassical architecture in Alabama
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
Henry Dick Woodfall (1796 – April 13, 1869) was an English business person. Together with John Rice Crowe, they founded Alten Copper Works in Kåfjord, Norway, later renamed the Kåfjord Copper Works.
Henry Woodfall was born in Scotland in 1796, the son of the printer George Woodfall, whose business they inherited. After relocating to Norway, they had a relationship with a local woman, Ane Helene Johannesdotter Muotka, and their son Salamon Woodfall was born in 1831. As director of Alten Copper Works, Woodfall was skeptical of bringing labor from England because they believed that the work was better served by building up a permanent mining community with Norwegian workers. They were also concerned that the mining company should take care of the miners and their families, and together with Crowe they founded Kåfjord as a society with a number of welfare services for the growing local population. Woodfall died in Nice, France in 1869.
The various mines in Kåfjord were named after the stakeholders in the copper works, and one of the mines was called the Woodfall Mine.
John Rice Crowe named one of their sons, Henry Woodfall Crowe, after their business partner.
References
1796 births
1869 deaths
English printers
19th-century English businesspeople
Mining in Norway
St. Luke's Medical Center (SLMC) is a private non-profit health care institution based in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines which operates two hospitals of the same name in Quezon City and Taguig.
Founded by the American missionary Charles Henry Brent under the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States (Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America) in 1903, it is the third American and Protestant founded hospital in the Philippines after CPU–Iloilo Mission Hospital and Silliman University Medical Center.
The St. Luke's Medical Center in Quezon City serves as the university hospital of the Trinity University of Asia, the first Protestant Episcopalian university in Asia.
History
St. Luke's was established in 1903 by American Episcopalian missionaries as a charity ward and dispensary hospital. St. Luke's started out as fully free outpatient clinic for the poor in Calle Magdalena, Tondo. It also supports and conducts medical, dental and surgical missions in rural areas. It was transformed into an independent, non-sectarian, non-stock, non-profit corporation in the 1970s.
Facilities
Hospitals
St. Luke's Medical Center Inc. maintains two hospitals, one in Quezon City and another at the Bonifacio Global City in Taguig. SLMC is based in the Quezon City Hospital while the Taguig hospital is a wholly owned corporation of the Quezon City-based SLMC. The institution also plans to establish a third hospital in Davao City, the construction of which was set to begin mid-2019.
Extension clinic
There is also an extension clinic located in Ermita, Manila. The extension clinic caters primarily to those patients seeking medical examination requirements for Visa application for US, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand.
College
International affiliates
On 1 February 2005, St. Luke's signed an Affiliation Agreement with Memorial-Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. SLMC also have affiliations with New York- Presbyterian Hospital, Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University.
References
External links
Official Website of St. Luke's Medical Center (Quezon City)
Official Website of St. Luke's Medical Center (Global City)
Hospitals in Metro Manila
Hospitals established in 1903
1903 establishments in the Philippines
Protestant hospitals in the Philippines
Hospital networks in the Philippines
Tilney and Tylney are surnames of English origin. They may refer to:
People
Agnes Tilney (AKA Agnes Howard, Duchess of Norfolk, 14771545), English noblewoman
Colin Tilney (born 1933), harpsichordist, fortepianist and teacher
Edmund Tylney (AKA Edmund Tilney, 15361610), courtier to Elizabeth I of England, and Master of the Revels
Elizabeth Tilney, Countess of Surrey (before 14451497), English heiress and lady-in-waiting to two queens
Sir Frederick Tilney (died 1445) Lord of Ashwellthorpe, Norfolk, and Boston, Lincolnshire
John Tilney (190794), British business person and politician
Robert Tilney (before 1943after 1962), British Army officer who served during World War II
William S. Tilney (born 1939), American public official, lawyer and diplomat
Places
Thorpe Tilney, hamlet in the county of Lincolnshire, England
Tilney All Saints, civil parish in the English county of Norfolk
Tilney St Lawrence, village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk
Business
Tilney (company)
Literature
Henry Tilney (Northanger Abbey)
See also
Athelney
Thilmany
Tillenay
Tylney
Surnames of English origin
The Citoyen class consisted of four 74-gun ships of the line all built at Brest Naval Dockyard to a design by Joseph-Louis Ollivier. The first ship (Citoyen, originally to have been named Cimeterre) was newly built there from 1761 to 1764, and the other three were rebuilt to their design from earlier ships.
Citoyen
Built at: Brest
Keel laid: July 1761
Launched: 27 August 1764
Completed: December 1764
Fate: decommissioned in 1783 and taken to pieces in 1792
Conquérant
Originally built at: Toulon
Ordered: 5 March 1743
Launched: 9 March 1746
Rebuilt: from January 1765 at Brest to the draught of the Citoyen, re-launched 29 November 1765 and completed in December 1765
Fate: Condemned in May 1796 but put back into service in March 1798, captured by the British on 2 August 1798 at the Battle of the Nile, broken up in Plymouth in January 1803
Palmier
Originally built at: Brest
Keel laid: November 1750
Launched: 21 July 1752
Rebuilt: from 23 May 1766 at Brest to the draught of the Citoyen, re-launched in December 1766 and completed in the same month
Fate: Rebuilt again at Brest in 1776. Abandoned and foundered off Bermuda in the Atlantic Ocean on 24 October 1782
Actif
Originally built at: Brest (as a 64-gun ship)
Keel laid: 1750
Launched: 15 December 1752
Rebuilt at: from April 1767 at Brest to the draught of the Citoyen, re-launched on 5 October 1767 and completed in April 1768
Fate: Rebuilt again at Brest in 1774. Condemned in August 1783, sold 1784
Sources and references
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen S., French Warships in the Age of Sail 1626-1786: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. (Seaforth Publishing, 2017) .
74-gun ship of the line classes
Ship of the line classes from France
The Smoky Group is a stratigraphical unit of Late Cretaceous age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
It takes the name from the Smoky River, and was first described in outcrops along the banks of the Smoky River, Spirit River and Pouce Coupe Rivers by George Mercer Dawson in 1881.
Lithology
The Smoky Group is represented by marine silty shale with ironstone and bentonite streaks. Sandstone occurs at the base, and is transitional to the Dunvegan Formation.
Hydrocarbon production
Gas is produced from the Cardium Formation in the southern reaches of the Group, in central Alberta and northern Alberta.
Distribution
The Kaskapau Shale reaches 477m in the Pouce Coupe River area and thins towards the east in the Smoky River area. The Bad Heart Formation sandstone is up to 8m thick, while the Puskwaskau Formation ranges from 200m in the Pouce Coupe Prairie to 123m in the Spirit River area. The entire group measures up to in the Pouce Coupe Prairie, and can reach in the Canadian Rockies foothills of northeast British Columbia.
Relationship to other units
The Smoky Group is conformably and transgressively followed by the Wapiti Group and rests conformably on the Dunvegan Formation sandstone. The Cardium sandstone and Muskiki shale are replacing the upper parts of the Kaskapau Formation in the south-east of the distribution area. The entire group correlates with the Blackstone Formation, Cardium Formation and Wapiabi Formation of the Alberta Group in the southern foothills. The equivalent stratigraphic sequence in central Alberta consists of the Lea Park Formation and the upper Colorado Group, in north-eastern Alberta it correlates with Labiche Formation, and with the Kotaneelee Formation in the Liard River area.
Subdivisions
The Smoky Group has the following sub-divisions from top to bottom:
The Kaskapau Formation is equivalent to the sum of Blackstone Formation, Cardium Formation and Muskiki Formation.
References
Stratigraphy of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Cretaceous Alberta
Cretaceous British Columbia
Conor Sloan (born February 25, 1998) is an American college soccer player who plays for Furman University as a forward.
Career
On February 4, 2016, it was announced that Sloan would play college soccer at Furman University. They also appeared for United Soccer League side Charleston Battery on an amateur contract, as not to make them ineligible for college soccer.
References
External links
Furman Profile
1998 births
Living people
American soccer players
Furman Paladins men's soccer players
Charleston Battery players
Association football forwards
Soccer players from South Carolina
USL Championship players
People from Murrells Inlet, South Carolina
Rhopalomyia lateriflori is a species of gall midges, insects in the family Cecidomyiidae.
References
Further reading
Cecidomyiinae
Insects described in 1908
In Egyptian mythology, Imset (also transcribed Imseti, Amset, Amsety, Mesti, and Mesta) is a funerary deity and one of the Four sons of Horus.  They are associated with the canopic jars, specifically the one that contained the liver. Because the Egyptians saw the liver as the seat of human emotion, the depiction of Imset was, unlike their brothers, not associated with any animal but always depicted as a mummified human. Isis was considered their protector and Imset themselves was recognized as the patron of the direction of the south.
Imset was also associated with a broken heart or death due to excess of emotions, thus their name being translated as "the kindly one" in ancient Egyptian.
References
Four sons of Horus
Corrhenes guttulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1865. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1865
That Hamilton Man is an album by drummer and bandleader Chico Hamilton, recorded in 1959 and released on the SESAC label. The album was a limited release "electronic transcription" to promote SESAC-controlled material to radio stations.
Reception
AllMusic rated the album three stars.
Track listing
"Fat Mouth" (Dick Vance) - 3:01
"Theme for a Starlet" (Hal Keller) - 2:46
"Little Lost Bear" (Krevit) - 1:48
"Champs-Elysees" (Gerald Wiggins) - 2:32
"Pretty Little Theme" (Chico Hamilton) - 1:51
"Lost in the Night" (Richard Maltby) - 3:18
"Frou Frou" (Victor Young) - 3:19
"Cawn Pawn" (Hale Smith) - 2:31
"Lullaby for Dreamers" (Vance) - 2:59
"Opening" (Hamilton) - 1:39
"Lady "E"" (Eric Dolphy) - 2:40
"Truth" (Drucker) - 3:08
Personnel
Chico Hamilton - drums
Eric Dolphy - alto saxophone, bass clarinet, flute
Nathan Gershman - cello
Dennis Budimir - guitar
Ralph Pena (tracks 8 & 11), Wyatt Ruther (tracks 1–7, 9, 10 & 12) - bass
References
Chico Hamilton albums
1959 albums
Comunicazione Sonora is an album by the Gruppo Jazz Marca (Roberto Magris / Franco Testa / Franco Polisseni Trio) released in 1982 on the IAF (International Audio Film) label and reissued in 2005 by the English label Arision.
Reception
The Jazzwise review by Stuart Nicholson awarded the album 3 stars and simply states: "The album represents the debut of the then 22 year-old Italian pianist Roberto Magris in 1981 and is, by any standards, impressive."
Track listing
Sguardo (Roberto Magris) - 5:20
Caccia Grossa (S. Magnoler) - 7:19
Comunicazione Sonora (F. Polisseni) - 2:17
Pierrot (Roberto Magris) - 5:30
Colori d'autunno (Roberto Magris) - 3:35
Messaggio (Roberto Magris) - 4:25
Personnel
Musicians
Roberto Magris - piano
Franco Testa - electric bass
Franco Polisseni - drums
References
Jazz albums
1982 albums
Horst Pock (born 6 February 1967 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s. They finished 12th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1967 births
Austrian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Austria
Sportspeople from Klagenfurt
Xavier Colin Bartlett (born 17 December 1998) is an Australian cricketer. They made their List A cricket debut for National Performance Squad against India A on 27 August 2016. A right-arm fast-medium bowler and a right-handed batsman, they live in Queensland.
Early life
Bartlett was born in Adelaide, South Australia, but moved with their family to the Gold Coast, Queensland, in 2005 at the age of seven. They began playing junior cricket for Surfers Paradise and made their first grade debut for the Gold Coast Dolphins in November 2015 at the age of 17. Bartlett graduated from The Southport School in 2016 as a member of Radcliffe House. While at the school, they represented the school's First XI cricket team in both 2015 and 2016; winning the Westcott Family Trophy for First XI bowler of the year alongside teammate Jack McDonald and played a pivotal role in TSS's 2015 First XI GPS Premiership winning season.
Domestic career
They made their first-class cricket debut on 18 October 2019, for Queensland in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season. They made their Twenty20 debut on 11 December 2020, for the Brisbane Heat, in the 2020–21 Big Bash League season. In just their second Big Bash League game, Bartlett took three wickets against the Adelaide Strikers.
International career
In December 2017, they were named in Australia's squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Sportspeople from the Gold Coast, Queensland
Cricketers from Queensland
People educated at the Southport School
Cricket Australia XI cricketers
Brisbane Heat cricketers
Queensland cricketers
John Graham Anthony Turner (born 23 December 1954 in Gateshead) is a former professional footballer, who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Doncaster Rovers, Huddersfield Town, Reading, Torquay United, Chesterfield, and Peterborough United. They began their career with Derby County, but never appeared for the first team, and spent time with Brighton & Hove Albion and Burnley, again without appearing for the first team, and with non-league club Weymouth. Their professional career ended when they broke their leg with 10 minutes left in an FA Cup tie against Leeds United; Peterborough hung on for a 1–0 upset win.
References
1954 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Gateshead
Association football goalkeepers
Derby County F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Torquay United F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Weymouth F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
English Football League players
Laird Plateau () is a small plateau, over above sea level, standing northwest of Mount Hayter on the north side of the head of Lucy Glacier, Antarctica. It was seen by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (1964–65) and was named for Malcolm G. Laird, the leader of this geological party to the area, as was also Cape Laird.
References
Plateaus of Oates Land
Alucinação is a 1976 studio album by Brazilian singer-songwriter Belchior. Recorded at PolyGram (current Universal Music), it is the singer's second album. It features hit songs like "Apenas um Rapaz Latino-Americano", "Como Nossos Pais" and "Velha Roupa Colorida". The album sold 30,000 copies in a single month, and more than 500,000 copies in total.
The album cover is a picture of the singer taken by photographer Januário Garcia, from an angle that according to them has no special reason. The light and color effects were obtained with the Sabattier effect.
Reception
Renato de Moraes, writing for Folha de S. Paulo, praised Belchior's album for its novelty: without the influence of concretist poetry in their lyrics, the singer's album impresses more for its extensive narrative lyrics, in the style of Bob Dylan. Also praised is the solid sound base of the album, which is divided between blues, country, baião and rock. O Globos Sérgio Cabral criticized Belchior's fixation for the new, saying that everything on their record – their anarchism, their contradictions and their references to May 1968 – is old. They concluded that the album was a "waste of talent". Nelson Motta, also writing for O Globo, did not agree with their colleague and praised Belchior's work precisely for their exploration of the senses of "newness", as well as for the production of Marco Mazzola and for the musicians performances.
Legacy
Josely Teixeira Carlos, radio broadcaster, professor and researcher at the University of São Paulo says that "this record sums up the feeling of an entire Brazilian generation, coming from the countryside to the middle of the big city."
For singer and songwriter Khalil Gibran, Alucinação was the most revolutionary album in the history of MPB and one of the most important of all times for Brazilian music, which even after several years of its release, several songs still echo by radio, TV shows and re-recordings in all parts of Brazil. The newspaper O Globo reaffirms this thought by explaining that "this masterpiece of the singer and composer contains songs that expressed the urgency of the young Brazilian between the state violence and the end of dreams of freedom."
According to Correio 24 Horas, "the album has become an instant classic that has crossed generations. In ten tracks, the cearense singer reports their anguish in front of the big city and the decline of the hippie dream, with irony and a little bitterness."
According to Veja magazine, "in the singer's trajectory, Alucinação is the fundamental record. Considered one of the greatest albums of Brazilian music, it is wrapped in disenchantment, a feeling translated into Como Nossos Pais, which reached even greater projection in the voice of Elis Regina ".
Tracks
Credits
Producer: Marco Mazzola
Recording technician: Ary Carvalhaes
Recording assistant: Paulo Sérgio (Chocô)
Studio assistant: Rafael Azulay
Mixing technician: Mazzola
Montage: Jairo Gualberto
Cutting: Joaquim Figueira
Art director: Aldo Luiz
Layout: Nilo de Paula
Photography: Januário Garcia
Vocals: Belchior, Evinha, Maritza and Regina
Classical guitar: Belchior and Antenor Gandra
Electric guitar: Antenor Gandra
Viola caipira: Antenor Gandra, Rick Ferreira (track 10) and Lui (track 5)
Pedal steel: Rick Ferreira (track 7)
Piano, Pipe organ, Synthesizer, ARP String Ensemble and Arrangement: José Roberto Bertrami
Harmonica: Lui (tracks 1 e 10)
Accordion: Orlando Silveira (track 7)
Bass: Paulo César Barros
Percussion: Ariovaldo Contesini
Drums: Pedrinho Batera
References
Portuguese-language albums
Música Popular Brasileira albums
Universal Music Group albums
PolyGram albums
1976 albums
Gerhard Schmidt (11 May 1924 - 3 April 2010) was professor of the history of art at the University of Vienna. They were Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge 1981–82.
Schmidt was the son of a physician. After work and military service as well as American war imprisonment, they began studying medicine at the University of Vienna in 1946. In 1947 they moved to the fields of archeology and art history. In 1951 they graduated with a dissertation on French relief sculpture.
They habilitated in 1959 with the work "Die Armenbibeln des XIV. Jahrhunderts". In 1968, they were appointed full professor of the University of Vienna from which they retired in 1992. From 1973 they were a member of the philosophical-historical class of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and was elected a full member in 1984.
Schmidt was buried at the Heiligenstadt cemetery in Vienna.
Selected publications
Neue Malerei in Osterreich. 1956
Die Armenbibeln des XIV. Jahrhunderts. 1959
Die Wiener Biblia pauperum. 1962
Die Malerschule von St. Florian. 1962
Krumauer Bildercodex. 1967
Stelzen und Pylonen. 1989
Gotische Bildwerke und ihre Meister. 1991
References
External links
Books by Gerhard Schmidt at the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek.
Austrian art historians
1924 births
University of Vienna faculty
Academics of the University of Cambridge
University of Vienna alumni
2010 deaths
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Ahi is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
The Croquet Game (French: 'La Partie de Croquet') is an 1873 oil on canvas painting by Édouard Manet, now in the Städel Museum in Frankfurt. It shows a group of people playing croquet, a very fashionable game at that time. The group comprises the painter Alfred Stevens, artists' models Victorine Meurent and Alice Legouvé and, in the background, Manet's friend Paul Rodier.
In style this painting represented Manet's closest approach to impressionism.
They had visited the theme of croquet before in 1871 with their painting Croquet at Boulogne
This paint was bought by the impressionist art collector Albert Hecht. After their death the paint passed to their daughter it:Suzanne Hecht Pontremoli.
Classification
The Impressionists, including Édouard Manet, dealt intensively with plein air painting. Édouard Manet only took up the special challenge of this painting from 1870, after their artist colleague Berthe Morisot had suggested it. The garden is only shown very briefly. Floral details are missing. Compared to other impressionist plein air paintings, the picture appears static due to its well thought-out depth gradation.
References
Paintings by Édouard Manet
1873 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Städel
Sports paintings
Croquet
Reynolds Bench () is a nearly flat bench, or mesa-like feature, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long and 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) wide, that has a smooth, snow-covered surface but has rock outcroppings along its steep sides. The feature stands at the north side of the Kelley Massif, to which it appears to be joined, along the south side of the upper Clifford Glacier in Palmer Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1974. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Richard L. Reynolds, geologist with the USGS Lassiter Coast geologic and mapping party in 1970–71.
Mesas of Antarctica
Landforms of Palmer Land
The Kwame Nkrumah Mausoleum and memorial park is located in downtown Accra, the capital of Ghana.
History
It is dedicated to the prominent Ghanaian President Kwame Nkrumah. The memorial complex was dedicated in 1992, and is situated on the site of the former British colonial polo grounds in Accra. It is five acres in size. The mausoleum, designed by Don Arthur, houses the bodies of Kwame Nkrumah and their wife Fathia Nkrumah.
It is the spot where Nkrumah made the declaration of Ghana's independence. On the premises is a museum that has on display objects from various stages of their life. The building is meant to represent an upside down sword, which in Akan culture is a symbol of peace. The mausoleum is clad from top to bottom with Italian marble, with a black star at its apex to symbolize unity. The interior boasts marble flooring and a mini mastaba looking marble grave marker, surrounded by river-washed rocks. A skylight at the top in the mausoleum illuminates the grave. The mausoleum is surrounded by water, a symbol of life.
References
External links
Kwame Nkrumah Memorial Park
A video of the mausoleum on YouTube archived at Ghostarchive https://ghostarchive.org/varchive/Q_WfORtbW54
Buildings and structures in Accra
Monuments and memorials in Ghana
Kwame Nkrumah
Government buildings in Ghana
Jozef Schoeters (12 May 1947 – 1 May 1998) was a Belgian cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1947 births
1998 deaths
Belgian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Belgium
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Antwerp
This is a list of African-American newspapers that have been published in Indiana.
The Evansville weekly Our Age, which was in circulation by 1878, is the first known African-American newspaper in Indiana. Alternatively, some sources assign the title of first to the Indianapolis Leader or the Logansport Colored Visitor, both of which were first published in August 1879.
A 1996 survey of Indiana's African-American newspapers found that two-thirds were founded before the Great Migration began in 1915. Only a quarter of the newspapers surveyed lasted for more than five years. Despite that high rate of attrition, however, new African-American newspapers continued to be established in Indiana throughout the 20th century, a trend which has continued in the 21st.
More than half the African-American newspapers in Indiana have been published in Indianapolis and Evansville. In the northern part of the state, the greatest number of such newspapers have been published in Gary.
The following list contains some newspapers published only on an irregular or sporadic basis, or for which no information on frequency is available. Many of these shorter-lived newspapers, particularly in the 19th century, were political broadsheets produced only in connection with a specific election.
African-American newspapers published in Indiana today include the Gary Crusader, the Indianapolis Recorder, the Fort Wayne Ink Spot, and Evansville's Our Times Newspaper.
Northern Indiana
Northern Indiana is the northern third of the state, home to the industrial Calumet Region as well as small cities further east such as South Bend, Fort Wayne and Logansport.
Central Indiana
Central Indiana takes up the central third of the state, including the state capital Indianapolis as well as numerous small cities including Anderson, Muncie and Terre Haute.
Southern Indiana
Southern Indiana makes up the southern third of the state, and is home to the Indiana's third-largest city Evansville, as well as smaller cities along the Ohio River.
See also
List of African-American newspapers and media outlets
List of African-American newspapers in Illinois
List of African-American newspapers in Michigan
List of African-American newspapers in Ohio
List of newspapers in Indiana
Works cited
References
Newspapers
Indiana
African-American newspapers
African-American
Lakeshore Mall may refer to:
Lakeshore Mall (Florida), in Sebring, Florida
Lakeshore Mall (Georgia), in Gainesville, Georgia
Jambyl or Zhambyl (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Asy.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
"The Two Kings' Children" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales, tale number 113.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 313C, the girl helps the hero flee, and type 884, the forgotten fiancée. Others of the first type include
"The Master Maid", "The Water Nixie", "Nix Nought Nothing", "Jean, the Soldier, and Eulalie, the Devil's Daughter", and "Foundling-Bird". Others of the second type include "The Twelve Huntsmen", "The True Bride", and "Sweetheart Roland".
The Brothers Grimm also noted that the scene with the false bride resembles that of "The Singing, Soaring Lark". Other fairy tales that use a similar motif include "East of the Sun and West of the Moon", "Black Bull of Norroway", "The Feather of Finist the Falcon", "Mr Simigdáli", and "White-Bear-King-Valemon".
Synopsis
Once long ago, it was foretold that a king's son would be killed by a stag at the age of sixteen.
At the age of sixteen a prince went hunting and chased a stag; a great man, a king, caught them and carried them off. The king set them to watch their three daughters; one each night. The king told the boy that they would call on the prince each hour and if they answered every time, they could marry their daughter, but if not, they would be killed. Each daughter enchanted a statue of St. Christopher to answer in the prince's place, thus saving the prince from death.
The king said that in order to marry one of their daughters, they had to cut down a forest in a day; the king gave them a glass axe, a glass mallet, and a glass wedge to complete the task. When the prince went to the forest, the glass broke, and they wept knowing they would be killed. Finally having felt that they had outwitted the prince, the king told their daughters to bring them some food. The youngest daughter brought it, and told their father to let them comb their hair. The king fell asleep, allowing them to conjure up Earth-workers to fell the forest.
Astonished that the prince had completed their task, the king then ordered them to clear a muddy pond and fill it with fish in a day. When the king's son tried, their hoe and shovel stuck in the mud and broke. Once again, the youngest daughter brought their father food and got them to sleep; then they conjured the Earth workers to clear the pond.
The king then ordered the prince to clear a mountain of briars and put a castle on it. The glass hatchet they were given broke on the first briars; the youngest daughter saved them again.
Finally, the king declared that the youngest daughter could not marry until their older sisters were married. Hearing this, the couple decided to run away at night. Once they were on their way, the king's daughter heard their father behind them. They turned themselves into a rose, and the king's son into a briar. Believing they had lost them, the king returned home only to be told by their wife that the briar and the rose had been the children. The king chased them after again and this time the king's daughter turned themselves into a priest, and the king's son into a church where they preached a sermon. The king listened to the sermon and went home where, once again, their wife told them that the priest and church were the children. Tired of their husband, the queen went after the children their self; the daughter realized the queen would know their true forms, but they changed themselves into a duck and the king's son into a pond. The queen tried to drink the pool, but became ill and told their daughter they could come back. The daughter did, and the queen gave them three walnuts to aid them
The king's son and the king's daughter went on. The king's son had their stay while they went to get their carriage to bring them back in due state, but their mother kissed him, and they forgot the king's daughter entirely. The king's daughter had to work for a miller.
One day, the queen sought a bride for their son. The king's daughter cracked one walnut and found a splendid dress in it. They wore it to the wedding. The bride declared they would not marry without a dress as fine. The king's daughter would not give it up unless they could spend a night outside the king's son's bedroom. The bride agreed but had the servants give the king's son a potion so they slept. They lamented all night long; the king's son did not hear, but the servants did. In the morning, the bride took the dress and went with the king's son to the church, but the king's daughter cracked the second walnut, and it held a more splendid dress, and the bride again refused to marry without one as fine. The king's daughter asked the same price, and the bride agreed and gave the same order, but the servant, who had heard, gave the king's son something to keep them awake. They heard their laments and was troubled by them. Their mother had locked the door, but in the morning, they begged them pardon. The king's daughter cracked the third walnut and found much more splendid dress and wore it as their wedding gown, but the bride and the false mother were sent away.
References
External links
Grimms' Fairy Tales
Fictional princesses
Fictional princes
Fiction about shapeshifting
German fairy tales
ATU 850-999
ATU 300-399
Tulkibas (, ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Turar Ryskulov. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
Proa is a genus of basal styracosternan iguanodont known from the Early Cretaceous Escucha Formation (lower Albian stage) of Teruel Province, Spain.
Discovery and naming
It contains a single species, Proa valdearinnoensis. The generic name is from the Spanish word "proa" (meaning "prow"), which alludes to the pointed shape of the animal's predentary bone; while the specific name is derived from Val de Ariño, the traditional name for the coal mines near where the first fossils were found. The animal was described on the basis of three partial skeletons and several skull elements from different individuals.
Description
Proa is distinguished from other basal hadrosauriforms (especially other iguanodontids) in having a predentary that reaches the rostral margin, with divergent lateral processes. It can also be diagnosed by a unique combination of characters: dentary tooth row convex dorsally in lateral view; dentary tooth row extending caudal to the base of the coronoid process; platform between the dentary tooth row and the base of the coronoid process; coronoid process expanded along rostral and caudal margins; maxilla lacks a rostrodorsal process; quadrate straight in lateral view; ilium with dorsal margin convex dorsally, non-pendant supraacetabular process, and postacetabular process that tapers without a break in slope along its dorsal margin; cranial pubic process concave along its dorsal margin but lacks expansion of distal end.
Phylogeny
McDonald et al. (2012) recover Proa at the base of Hadrosauriformes along with Iguanodon. In their osteology of Hypselospinus, Norman (2015) recovered Proa in a monophyletic Iguanodontidae as closer to the East Asian Bolong and Jinzhousaurus than to other European members of Iguanodontidae. Verdu et al (2017) recovered it as part of Eurasian clade including the Asian Xuwulong, Altirhinus, Koshisaurus and Gongpoquansaurus. Proa was found in the most derived position as sister taxon to Batyrosaurus.
References
Iguanodonts
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Europe
Albian life
Cretaceous Spain
Fossils of Spain
Fossil taxa described in 2012
Taxa named by James I. Kirkland
Thomas Vansittart (born 23 January 1950) is an English, retired professional footballer who played in the Football League as a defender for Crystal Palace and Wrexham. They also played non-league football for Wimbledon.
Playing career
Vansittart was born in Merton, then within Surrey but subsequently part of Greater London, and began their youth career at Crystal Palace, signing professional terms in April 1967. They made their senior debut on 23 March 1968, in a home 1–1 draw against Carlisle United and went on to make seven League appearances that season, scoring twice in a 6–0 home win over Norwich City on 16 April. Vansittart did not make an appearance in the 1968–69 season when Palace gained promotion to the top tier for the first time, but played four times in the following season, before moving on to Wrexham in February 1970.
At Wrexham, Vansittart made 88 appearances, scoring once, before moving into non-league football with Wimbledon in 1975.
References
External links
Profile at holmesdale.net
1950 births
Living people
Footballers from the London Borough of Merton
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Wimbledon F.C. players
English footballers
The Taiwan Semiconductor Research Institute (TSRI) is a research institute in Taiwan which was created in 2019 through the merger of the National Nano Device Laboratories and National Chip Implementation Center. It is part of the National Applied Research Laboratories under the Ministry of Science.
Overview
According to the China Times the Taiwan Semiconductor Research Institute is the "world's only national science and technology research and development center which integrates circuit design, chip offline manufacturing, and semiconductor component manufacturing process research."
History
The Taiwan Semiconductor Research Institute was created in 2019 through the merger of the National Nano Device Laboratories and National Chip Implementation Center under the National Applied Research Laboratories. TSRI was inaugurated on Jan. 30 2019 at Hsinchu Science Park.
National Chip Implementation Center
The Chip Implementation Center Establishment Project was initiated in 1992 with the National Chip Implementation Center (NCIC) being inaugurated in 1997. In 2003 it was incorporated into NARLabs. In 2007 the CIC had 106 employees with 66 being full-time researchers.
National Nano Device Laboratories
The National Nano Device Laboratories (NDL) was implemented under the National Submicron Device Laboratories Establishment Project in 1988. They began operating their first level-10 clean room in 1992. In 1993 they were renamed the National Millimicron Device Laboratories and in 2002 they were renamed the National Nano Device Laboratories. They were incorporated into NARLabs in 2003.
See also
Industrial Technology Research Institute
National Center for High-Performance Computing
References
2019 establishments in Taiwan
Research institutes in Taiwan
Computer science institutes
"Stop! In the Name of Love" is a 1965 song recorded by the Supremes for the Motown label.
Written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland, "Stop! In the Name of Love" held the #1 position on the Billboard pop singles chart in the United States from March 27, 1965, through April 3, 1965, and reached the #2 position on the soul chart.
Billboard named the song #38 on their list of 100 Greatest Girl Group Songs of All Time. The BBC ranked "Stop! In the Name of Love" at #56 on The Top 100 Digital Motown Chart, which ranks Motown releases by their all-time UK downloads and streams.
In 2021, it was listed at No. 254 on Rolling Stone's "Top 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
History
The Supremes recorded "Stop! In the Name of Love" in January 1965 and released as a single on February 8. The song was included on the Supremes' sixth album, More Hits by The Supremes, and was nominated for the 1966 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Rock & Roll Group Vocal Performance, losing to "Flowers on the Wall" by the Statler Brothers.
Cash Box described it as "a rousing, shufflin' pop-blues romancer about a gal who cautions their boyfriend to go a little bit slower" that should "continue in [the Supremes] fantastic chart-riding ways."
The Supremes' choreography for this song involved one hand on the hip and the other outstretched in a "stop" gesture. They performed it on an episode of the ABC variety program Shindig! which aired on Wednesday, February 24, 1965.
Personnel
Lead vocals by Diana Ross
Backing vocals by Florence Ballard, Mary Wilson and the Andantes: Jackie Hicks, Marlene Barrow and Louvain Demps
All instruments by the Funk Brothers
Johnny Griffith – organ
James Gittens – piano
Joe Messina – guitar
James Jamerson – bass
Benny Benjamin – drums
Jack Ashford – vibraphone
Mike Terry – baritone saxophone
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Cover versions and other uses
The Hollies' version in 1983 peaked in the US at #29 and in Canada at #31, from the album What Goes Around...
Scottish singer Barbara Dickson released their version in 1983 from the album Heartbeats, peaking at #29 in Belgium.
American singer La Toya Jackson recorded it for their 1995 album Stop in the Name of Love.
Japanese dance pop group Globe (band) included it on their 2002 album Lights.
Icelandic band Bang Gang released their rendition on the 2003 album Something Wrong.
The song is featured in the 1979 Universal Pictures film More American Graffiti and is also included in the soundtrack.
See also
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 1965 (U.S.)
References
External links
List of cover versions of "Stop! In the Name of Love" at SecondHandSongs.com
1965 songs
1965 singles
1983 singles
The Supremes songs
The Hollies songs
Gloria Gaynor songs
Barbara Dickson songs
Motown singles
Atlantic Records singles
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
Songs written by Holland–Dozier–Holland
Song recordings produced by Brian Holland
Song recordings produced by Lamont Dozier
The Jackson 5 songs
If I Could Marry the Minister (Swedish: Tänk, om jag gifter mig med prästen) is a 1941 Swedish romantic drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Viveca Lindfors, Georg Rydeberg, Arnold Sjöstrand. with screenplay by Ester Lindin and Ivar Johansson. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj.
Plot
Eva Örn, a young teacher, moves to rural Vikarlunda, where their good looks and strong opinions estrange them from the locals. They begin a clandestine affair with the priest, Ingvar Hagson.
Cast
Viveca Lindfors as Eva Örn
Georg Rydeberg as Ingvar Hagson
Arnold Sjöstrand as Knut Knutsson of Sjövalla
Nils Lundell as Albert Sundström
Anna Lindahl as Greta Knutsson
Gudrun Brost as Helga Persson of Mon
Sven Bergvall as Persson of Mon
Linnéa Hillberg as Sophie Ekeberger
Viran Rydkvist as Ester Örn
Arthur Natorp as Pettersson, Organist
Axel Högel as Mr. Örn
Ruth Stevens as Doris Örn
Torsten Bergström as Brother Johannes
Gabriel Alw as Sjövalla's Helping Hand
Controversy and reception
The novel by Ester Lindin which forms the basis of the film was already very controversial, and when it was announced that it would be adapted for the screen, a delegation of priests petitioned the film company Luxfilm and demanded that filming be stopped. The chief executive officer issued an unofficial warning. Despite this, the film was made and became one of the greatest successes of the 1940s.
One reviewer at the time wrote: "Since their novel was released [Ester Lindin] has had the questionable pleasure of getting pilloried in cheap cabarets and causeries as the amorality priestess number one. The film gives all these moral busybodies an answer that should sting – never before has moral hypocrisy and the false idyll of the philistine been exposed to such a mighty attack."
References
Bibliography
Nelmes, Jill & Selbo, Jule. Women Screenwriters: An International Guide. Palgrave Macmillan, 2015.
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
http://www.svenskfilmdatabas.se/sv/item/?type=film&itemid=3965
https://www.filminstitutet.se/sv/fa-kunskap-om-film/ta-del-av-filmsamlingarna/filmer/tank-om-jag-gifter-mig-med-prasten/
https://www.nt.se/kultur-noje/med-och-om-ester-lindin-om4360046.aspx
1941 films
Swedish drama films
1941 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
William Sidney Walker (1795–1846) was an English Shakespearean critic.
Life
Born at Pembroke in Wales, on 4 December 1795, they were the eldest child of John Walker, a naval officer, who died at Twickenham in 1811 from the effects of wounds received in action. The boy was named after their godfather, Admiral Sir Sidney Smith, under whom their father had served. Their mother's maiden name was Falconer. William Sidney, always called Sidney, spent some years at a school at Doncaster, kept by their mother's brother, and with a private tutor at Forest Hill; they then entered Eton College in 1811. At Eton they learnt the whole of Homer by heart, and wrote Greek verse with facility. There, too, they began lifelong friendships with Winthrop Mackworth Praed and John Moultrie.
Walker, small, uncouth and absent-minded, was bullied at school. They were entered as a sizar at Trinity College, Cambridge, on 16 February 1814, but did not come into residence until the following year. They won the Craven scholarship in 1817, and the Porson prize for Greek verse in 1818, and they were admitted scholar of Trinity on 3 April of the latter year. Although their weak mathematics rendered theirs passing the examination for the degree of B.A. in 1819 difficult, they were elected for their classical attainments to a fellowship at their college in 1820. They maintained close relations with Praed and Moultrie, and formed a friendship with Derwent Coleridge.
In 1824 they were an unsuccessful candidate for the Greek professorship at Cambridge. They made no other effort to engage in educational work. While a fellow of Trinity they lived in seclusion in their college rooms, reading desultorily.
As an undergraduate Walker had religious doubts, and had applied for guidance to William Wilberforce. During 1818–19 Wilberforce wrote them letters in which they endeavoured to confirm their beliefs. The influence of Charles Simeon helped them for a time; but they deemed themselves disqualified by their sceptical views regarding eternal punishment from taking holy orders. As a consequence they resigned their fellowship in 1829.
Without income, they fell into debt. Their friend Praed came to their assistance in 1830, and, after paying their debts, settled on them an income for life of £52 a year; Trinity College added £20. Walker moved to London in 1831, lodging at first in Bloomsbury, and then in the neighbourhood of St. James's Street. They lived entirely alone, and suffered from mental illness. They neglected himself, and social life.
They died of the stone at their lodging, a single room on the top floor of 41 St. James's Place, on 15 October 1846. They were buried in Kensal Green Cemetery. On the tomb were engraved some lines from their friend Moultrie's poem The Dream of Life.
Works
In 1813, when they were seventeen, they published by subscription the first four books of an epic in a volume entitled ‘Gustavus Vasa, and other Poems.' After leaving school, they made some contributions to the Etonian, which Praed edited. In 1815 they published ‘The Heroes of Waterloo: an Ode,' as well as translations of ‘Poems from the Danish, selected by Andreas Andersen Feldborg.' In 1816 appeared another ode by Walker, ‘The Appeal of Poland.'
They contributed philological essays to the Classical Journal, and both verse and prose to Charles Knight's Quarterly Magazine. In 1823 they prepared for publication John Milton's newly discovered treatise De Ecclesia Christiana, of which Charles Richard Sumner, then librarian at Windsor, was the ostensible editor. In 1828 they edited for Knight a Corpus Poetarum Latinorum (other editions 1848 and 1854).
John Moultrie published in 1852 a collection of their letters and poems, as ‘The Poetical Remains of William Sidney Walker, formerly Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, with a Memoir of the Author.'
Walker left voluminous manuscripts, examined by William Nanson Lettsom, who published in 1854 ‘Shakespeare's Versification, and its Apparent Irregularities explained by Examples from Early and Late English Writers.' This volume was printed at the expense of George Crawshay, who made Walker's acquaintance just before they left Cambridge; it reached a second edition in 1857, and a third in 1859. There followed in 1860, in three volumes, which Lettsom also edited, ‘A Critical Examination of the Text of Shakespeare, with Remarks on their Language and that of their Contemporaries, together with Notes on their Plays and Poems.' Walker's two Shakespearean works mainly deal with minute points of Shakespearean prosody and syntax, but with a wealth of illustrative quotation from Elizabethan literature.
References
Attribution
External links
1795 births
1846 deaths
Shakespearean scholars
Fellows of Trinity College, Cambridge
19th-century English poets
19th-century male writers
English male dramatists and playwrights
English male poets
"Trap of Gold" is a Western short story by American author Louis L'Amour. It was originally published in Argosy magazine (Volume 333 Number 2 Pages 24-25, 74-76) in August 1951.
Plot introduction
The main character in “Trap of Gold” is multi-faceted. Within the story, the established protagonist, Wetherton, is digging for gold in the outback mine to support their family, yet the precious metal is concealed under a rickety rock tower. Through several tense events, they display their most obvious inclinations to be cautious, greedy, and loving.
Plot summary
After becoming familiar with Wetherton, their carefulness towards danger reveals itself. Everything they come across is dealt with in a watchful, meticulous manner. For example, when they discover the batholith, “his innate caution takes hold, and they draw back to examine it at greater length”. Only after they inspect it do they begin to remove gold. Soon following their study of the rock, they continue in their guarded manner, and they construct a supported path for a swift retreat, in the situation that the massive structure collapses. Even when removing the gold from the stone, they refrain from swinging the pickaxe; they painstakingly remove pieces using the pick as a bar to prevent structural damage. Apparently, their life is driven by their nature to warily review their surroundings.
Even though they are alert in personality, they quickly become blinded by riches. They swiftly develop recklessness in their dealings with the immense rock. For instance, they observe that “the tilt of the outer wall is obvious and it can stand no more without toppling”. In spite of this finding, they are lured by an irresistible force that is beyond rational thinking and they return once more to retrieve the hidden wealth. Furthermore, they revisit day after day, although they see fissures in the surface and hears it shudder and creak. Continually the reader finds Wetherton unsatisfied with their haul; they persistently yearn for just one more sack.
While their lust for money may hold true, the reader looks deeper and discovers the motivation: a love for their family. Every moment they risk their lives for gold is driven by their devotion to their loved ones. As they begin to work, one realizes that “the gold they [is] extracting from [the] rock [is] for [his family], and not for himself”. Evidently, they hold their wife's and son's lives above their own. Not only do they begin their search for them, but they choose to stop out of commitment to them as well. Just when the circumstances climax to extreme danger (when the batholith is foreshadowing collapse) Wetherton realizes that seeing their family again is more valuable than any amount of gold. By gambling with their life for their spouse and their child, their heartfelt loyalty emerges. They become happy by discovering this mine in the outback.
The rock eventually falls, but Wetherton is safely out of the way of the falling batholith, and they escape with their life.
It is lucid that Louis L ‘Amour's short story, “Trap of Gold”, envelops a very complex character in the adventurer, Wetherton. Within the plot progression, the reader uncovers their personality, primarily through their openness to possible problems, an almost unyielding desire for valuables, and a moving passion for their family.
Notes
1951 short stories
Short stories by Louis L'Amour
Western (genre) short stories
The Leonine City (Latin: Civitas Leonina) is the part of the city of Rome which, during the Middle Ages, was enclosed with the Leonine Wall, built by order of Pope Leo IV in the 9th century.
This area was located on the opposite side of the Tiber from the seven hills of Rome, and had not been enclosed within the ancient city's Aurelian Walls, built between 271 and 275. After Christianity had risen to prominence and the Western Roman Empire had collapsed, the area had to be defended through the construction of a new wall, since it housed St. Peter's Basilica.
Nowadays, the territory of the former Leonine City is made up of Vatican City State and the Roman rione of Borgo.
History
The Leonine Wall, which defines Leonine City, was constructed by Pope Leo IV following the sacking by Muslim raiders of Old St. Peter's Basilica in 846. Built from 848 to 852 as the only extension ever made to the walls of Rome, this three-kilometre wall completely encircled the Vatican Hill for the first time in its history. An abortive start had been made by Leo III, but disturbances in the city had suspended work, and the Romans dismantled the sections that had been begun and used them in private constructions. Pope Leo IV used their estate workers, inhabitants from the surrounding countryside, Saracens captured after the sea battle of Ostia in 849 and funding from an imperial Frankish donation, to construct the wall, which ran in an enclosing U-shape from the riverbank at Hadrian's Mausoleum, soon to be known as the Castel Sant'Angelo, up the slopes of the Vatican Hill encircling the basilica and descending again to the river. The walling was constructed of tuff and tiling, forty feet high, with 44 strong towers at bowshot intervals. The massive round corner tower that still crowns the Vatican hill has its origins in this construction campaign.
Three new gates gave access to the newly enclosed Borgo. Two were in the stretch of wall that led back from the Castel Sant'Angelo: a small postern gate behind the fortified Mausoleum, called the Posterula S. Angeli and later, from its proximity to the Castello, the Porta Castelli, and a larger one, the principal gate through which emperors passed, near the church of St. Peregrino, called the Porta Peregrini, later the Porta S. Petri. A third gate opened the Leonine City to the rione of Trastevere. A festival celebrated the official completion of the walling, 27 June 852.
In addition, chain towers were built along the Tiber river to repel Saracen assaults by water.
In 1083, after refusing to crown Henry IV as the next Holy Roman Emperor, Pope Gregory VII found themselves under siege within the Leonine City. After Henry took the city, Gregory fled to Castel Sant'Angelo. Gregory attributed the loss of the Leonine City to famine and negligence and not so much to "the courage of Henry's men".
Later, more extensive circumvallation was effected under Pope Pius IV (reigned 1559–1565), when Leo's walling was broken in places. Three further gates had been opened in the walls.
In 1870, when the military forces of the Kingdom of Italy captured Rome, overthrowing what was left of the Papal States, the Italian government intended to allow the pope to keep the Leonine City as a small remnant Papal State. However, Pope Pius IX would not agree to that arrangement, and thus there was a 59-year standoff, when the Popes were a "prisoner in the Vatican", settled in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty, which recognized the sovereignty and independence of Vatican City.
See also
Borgo
Trastevere
Index of Vatican City-related articles
References
Bibliography
Gibson, Sheila and Bryan Ward-Perkins. "The Surviving Remains of the Leonine Wall". Papers of the British School at Rome, 47 (1979): 30–57.
Hodges, Richard. Mohammed, Charlemagne & the Origins of Europe. Cornell University Press, 1983.
Wards-Perkins, Bryan. From Classical Antiquity to the Middle Ages. Oxford University Press, 1984.
Subdivisions of Rome
Government of Vatican City
Rome R. XIV Borgo
Dendropicos is a genus of woodpeckers in the family Picidae. They are small woodpeckers that are native to the sub-Saharan woodlands and forests.
Taxonomy
The genus Dendropicos was introduced by the French ornithologist, Alfred Malherbe in 1849. The type species was subsequently designated as one of the subspecies of the cardinal woodpecker. The word Dendropicos comes from the Greek dendron meaning tree and pikos for woodpecker. Molecular genetic studies have shown that the genus Dendropicos is sister to the genus Chloropicus.
The genus Dendropicos formerly contained several additional species. A 2015 molecular phylogenetic study that analysed nuclear and mitochondrial DNA sequences from pied woodpeckers found that Dendropicos was polyphyletic. In the rearranged genera the bearded, fire-bellied and yellow breasted woodpeckers were moved to Chloropicus while the Arabian woodpecker was moved to Dendrocoptes. The taxonomic committee of the British Ornithologists' Union have recommended an alternative arrangement of species in which the genera Dendrocoptes and Leiopicus are combined into a larger Dendropicos.
Elliot's, African grey, eastern grey and olive woodpeckers are sometimes placed in a separate genus, Mesopicos.
The genus contains the following 12 species:
Description
Only males have red plumage in the crown, and some species have red plumage on the rump or belly in either sex.
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Alfred Malherbe
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael Gwynn (30 November 1916 – 29 January 1976) was an English actor. They attended Mayfield College near Mayfield, Sussex. During the Second World War they served in East Africa as a major and was adjutant to the 2nd (Nyasaland) Battalion of the King's African Rifles.
Life and career
Gwynn is perhaps best remembered for their role in the first episode of the BBC comedy Fawlty Towers "A Touch of Class" (1975) as the conman "Lord" Melbury who eventually humiliates Basil Fawlty. For Hammer Films, they performed in several productions including the war film The Camp on Blood Island (1958), and Never Take Sweets from a Stranger (1960), a rare drama film for the studio; the actor also appeared in one of their very best horror movies, The Revenge of Frankenstein (1958), in which they played a tragic experimental subject who turns into a cannibalistic killer, and the less well-regarded Scars of Dracula (1970) in the role of a priest determined to battle Count Dracula. They had a lead role in the 1960's Village of the Damned, produced and distributed by MGM-British Studios.
Gwynn also appeared on several adaptations of plays on the Caedmon Records label. Among them were Cyrano de Bergerac, in which they played Le Bret, and Julius Caesar, in which they played Casca. Both productions starred Ralph Richardson in the title roles. Gwynn also appeared in a BBC serialised adaptation of Great Expectations as Joe Gargery in 1959.
Gwynn died on 29 January 1976 in London , aged 59. Earlier that day, they had finished filming on Spawn, a television play for London Weekend Television.
Plays
1956 – A View from the Bridge (opening season) by Arthur Miller; director Peter Brook – Alfieri.
Filmography
1954: The Runaway Bus - 1st Transport Officer
1957: The Secret Place - Steve Waring
1958: Dunkirk - Commander – Sheerness
1958: The Camp on Blood Island – Tom Shields
1958: The Revenge of Frankenstein – Karl
1958: The Doctor's Dilemma – Dr. Blenkinsop
1960: Never Take Sweets from a Stranger – Prosecutor
1960: Village of the Damned – Alan Bernard
1961: Question 7 – Friedrich Gottfried – Pastor
1961: What a CARE Up! – Malcolm Broughton
1961: Barabbas – Lazarus
1962: Some People – Vicar
1963: Cleopatra – Cimber
1963: Jason and the Argonauts – Hermes
1964: The Fall of the Roman Empire – Cornelius
1965: The Saint – Martin Jeffroll
1965: Catch Us If You Can – Hardingford
1966: The Deadly Bees – Dr. George Lang
1967: The Crowning Gift – Jesus Christ
1969: The Virgin Soldiers – Lt. Col. Bromley-Pickering
1970: Scars of Dracula – Priest
1974: Rooms - 2 part TV episodes "Mr Cotgrove & Miss Hicks" - Mr Cotgrove.
1976: Spy Story'' – Dawlish (final film role)
•1969: Randall and Hopkirk Deceased – Episode 16 "The Man from Nowhere", as Hyde Watson
References
External links
1916 births
1976 deaths
British Army personnel of World War II
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
King's African Rifles officers
People from Bath, Somerset
20th-century English male actors
Acrolepiopsis heppneri is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It is found from Connecticut and New Hampshire in the east, south to Tennessee, Alabama and Mississippi, and west to Illinois.
The length of the forewings 5–5.6 mm.
Larvae have been reared on Smilax tamnoides. They skeletonize the underside of a leaf of their host plant from within a black, frass-covered silken tube.
placed alongside a leaf vein. The larvae are pale green with a pale brownish-yellow head.
References
Moths described in 1984
Acrolepiidae
The smoky-brown woodpecker or brown woodpecker (Leuconotopicus fumigatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Argentina, Belize, Bolivia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The species was first described by the French naturalist Alcide d'Orbigny, based on individuals observed in the Province of Corrientes in Argentina, and later in Santa Cruz de la Sierra in Bolivia.
The genus name leuconotopicus derives from the Ancient Greek leukos (white), noton (back) and pikos (woodpecker). The species epithet fumigatus is Latin for smoked.
Five subspecies are recognized:
L. f. oleagineus, found in southwest and east Mexico
L. f. sanguinolentus, found from south Mexico to western Panama
L. f. reichenbachi, found in northern Venezuela
L. f. fumigatus, the nominate subspecies, found in northern Colombia, northwest Venezuela and down to northwest Argentina
L. f. obscuratus, found in northwestern Ecuador and the northwest of Peru
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
Adult woodpeckers are in height and weigh about . They are characteristically dark brown. The adult male has gray, red-tipped nape feathers and tawny scapular feathers. The adult female has brown-tipped nape feathers, and juvenile woodpeckers have noticeably duller feathers.
Behavior
The smoky-brown woodpecker seems to prefer smaller tree trunks to larger ones. Their diet favors small beetles and larvae. Leuconotopicus fumigatus often travels in pairs or in family groups, sometimes with other species. They nest from February to May, making their nest off the forest floor. They have a clutch size of 4 eggs.
References
Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia. Smoky Brown Woodpecker. Retrieved 5 July 2009.
smoky-brown woodpecker
Birds of Central America
Birds of the Northern Andes
smoky-brown woodpecker
smoky-brown woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bumpass is an unincorporated area in Louisa County, Virginia, United States. Its post office is still in service. National Historical Places registered in Bumpass include the Duke House and Jerdone Castle. The latter is a plantation (now lakefront) where George Washington spent the night on June 10th during their 1791 Southern tour.
The community was named for John T. Bumpass, one of the first postmasters in the area. The surname "Bumpass" in turn derives from the French bonpass, meaning "good passage".
References
External links
Chronology of the C&Os Piedmont Sub, Bumpass (Site about Bumpass, Virginia)
Unincorporated communities in Louisa County, Virginia
Wai Yan () is one of the 29 constituencies in the Sai Kung District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Sai Kung District Council, with an election every four years.
Wai Yan loosely covers residential flats in Finery Park, Radiant Towers, Verbena Heights and Well On Garden in Po Lam. It has projected population of 13,752.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
慧茵
References
Po Lam
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Sai Kung District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Sigurd Harald Lund (1823-1906), was a ballet dancer, choreographer and director. They were Ballet master of the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1856-1862 and 1890-1894.
Sigurd Harald Lund was the son of the Danish actor Kristian Lund and Katharine Kristine Heckel. They married first to Hansine Leonardine Hansen, and later to the ballerina Hilda Lund. They were a student of August Bournonville. They became a student at the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1832, a second dancer in 1846, premier dancer in 1849, and First Premier Dancer in 1853. They also made choreographs for ballets.
References
Klas Åke Heed: Ny svensk teaterhistoria. Teater före 1800, Gidlunds förlag (2007)
1823 births
1906 deaths
19th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Royal Swedish Ballet dancers
Ballet masters
Ernest Lloyd Janney (1893-1941) was the Provisional Commander of the Canadian Aviation Corps between 1914 and 1915. Janney pushed for the establishment of a Canadian flying corps during the First World War.
Career 1914–15
Janney managed to convince Minister of Militia and Defence, Sir Sam Hughes, to commission them as captain and to grant them $5,000 for a flying corps. Janney purchased a floatplane in Massachusetts, United States, a Burgess-Dunne AH-7, then went to England with the pilot, Lieutenant W.F.N. Sharpe, in October, 1914. Janney's aircraft was criticized for not being airworthy, effectively grounding him. They then went on an unauthorized tour of British flying fields and aircraft factories and was listed as absent without leave.
In November 1914, they made an appeal to the federal government for a grant of $116,000 to form a squadron. Janney was then ordered to return home, was stripped of their commission and forced to resign in disgrace December 1, 1914.
Bay City Airplane Factory 1917–18
On November 3, 1917, it was reported "Captain E. L. Janney, Canadian Army aviation instructor" announced "a new factory to manufacture airplane parts for the United States Army has been secured for Bay City, Michigan." It was reported "Bay City, Detroit and Toronto capital is interested in the new factory, which it is understood, already has large orders from the United States government. The old plant of the Bay City Box and Lumber Company has been purchased" so that complete airplanes could be manufactured.
Janney incorporated the "Janney Aircraft Company" for $30,000 - of which $8,000 was cash and $22,000 was "property" which consisted of a Glenn Hammond Curtiss "Farnum bi-plane, designs, etc.". The articles of incorporation claimed the company would manufacture "aerial craft, motorboats, dirigibles and articles of that nature." The company built one biplane, which when tested, "some of the machinery got caught in the grass, and the expected flight did not take place." Janney advertised the plane as "a New Model Training Tractor Biplane ELJ-5, with a Hall-Scott A-5 Six Cylinder Engine." The newspaper article also claimed "Janney went to Bay City, leaving a $137 bill for house rental here, and recently they were reported in California. According to the dispatches from San Francisco, they were arrested there on charges of 'impersonating an officer'."
Postwar career 1918–1939
In May 1918,he was mentioned in an Admiralty dispatch as a member of the staff of the newly formed Royal Canadian Naval Air Service as a Sub-Lt of the Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Reserve. Later in 1918, Janney was piloting a Curtiss flying boat that crashed into Toronto Harbour. Janney started a hunger strike in protest against their arrest on a charge of obtaining money under false pretenses in connection with the public float of an aircraft company. In 1921, a news bulletin from Edmonton reported that Captain Janney was organizing a dirigible air service from Peace River, Alberta to Fort Norman, Northwest Territories. However, no records exist of such a service. A month after Charles Lindbergh completed their solo trans-Atlantic flight on May 20, 1927, The New York Times announced that an E.L. Janney would attempt an Ottawa to London, England flight on July 11. No record of that flight has been found either.
In January 1932, they were reported to be working as a business person and aviation pioneer, a Montreal newspaper described them as the "first Canadian to volunteer their services and be accepted as a war flier". They then dropped from sight. Reportedly, in September 1939, they sent a message to Ottawa: "Am still full of the old pep— let me know what I can do."
References
1893 births
1941 deaths
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Canadian World War I pilots
People from Cambridge, Ontario
Canadian military personnel from Ontario
Dao Yi Bing Noodle Concern is a chain of noodle kiosks around Ningxia, China. The kiosk sells a variety of noodle types particular to Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region and provides resourceful street food to the residents of the said province. The noodle concern has 35 kiosks across Ningxia and its surrounding regions and receives prefecture-level subsidies.
The corporate logo refers to a stylized Chinaman's skull with a conical hat sporting a Fu Manchu mustache. Next to the mascot, the letters '龘䲜靐' are sported, literally meaning 'Dá yè bìng' in Pinyin. This corresponds to the anglicization of the company name; Dao Yi Bing Noodle Concern.
References
Chinese noodles
Amity College, previously called Sule College, is an independent, non-denominational school that is currently operating in three different campuses in , the Illawarra, and .
Description
The main Prestons campus commenced its operation in 1996 with only 33 students; and it now consists of primary, secondary boys' and secondary girls' sections. Amity College has been offering a K-12 program at the Main Campus since 2002. The Illawarra campus commenced operation in 1999 with K-2 classes. , the school caters for students from years K-10. The Auburn campus commenced operation in 2001 with K-2 classes. Currently, the school caters for students from years K-12, with a separate girl and boys high school.
Academics
Amity College was ranked 127th in the Academic School Year of 2017.
Principals
Amity currently has six principals, five being campus principals and one being the executive principal;
Hasan Dagli - Amity College Boys High School Principal
Ahmet Cimen - Amity College Auburn Primary Principal
Ferhat Gurkhan - Amity College Illawara Principal
Nazan Polat - Amity College Prestons Primary Principal
Omer Ayvaz - Amity College Girls High School
Deniz Erdoğan - Executive Principal
Extracurricular activities
Sport
Sporting activities include:
Soccer
Cricket
Rugby
Basketball
Chess
Oztag
The school also organises Sports Camps such as a yearly Ski camp, this is offered to high school students.
Volunteer/charity
Amity College makes contributions to various different charities and all senior students are offered to partake in a project. Furthermore, the school runs various charity events such as the World's The Greatest Shave, daffodil and harmony day. All the proceeds have been donated to charity organisations.
The current Year 12 Students are now raising funds to open a Health Clinic in Battambang, Cambodia.
Campuses
- Illawarra
- Auburn
- Prestons
References
External links
Amity College Annual Report (9 February 2018) https://web.archive.org/web/20171115195707/http://www.amitycollege.nsw.edu.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/AM0070-Annual-Report-2016-WB.pdf
Amity College Website (9 February 2018) http://www.amity.nsw.edu.au
Private primary schools in New South Wales
Schools in Wollongong
1994 establishments in Australia
Auburn, New South Wales
Private secondary schools in New South Wales
Educational institutions established in 1994
Juho Vennola's second cabinet was the sixth Government of Republic of Finland. Cabinet's time period was April 9, 1921 – June 2, 1922. It was a minority government. Minister of the Interior Heikki Ritavuori was assassinated in Helsinki February 14, 1922 in front of their home door. This was the only assassination in the history of independent Finland. ()
Vennola, 2
1921 establishments in Finland
1922 disestablishments in Finland
Cabinets established in 1921
Cabinets disestablished in 1922
Publius Juventius Celsus Titus Aufidius Hoenius Severianus (AD 67– AD 130) — the son of a little-known jurist of the same name, hence also Celsus filius — was, together with Julian, the most influential ancient Roman jurist of the High Classical era.
Public life
Celsus was presumably born in upper Italy, where the gentilicium of Juventius was common and where senatorial Juventii can also be found. In either 106 or 107, Celsus was praetor. In 114/115 they were governor of Thracia, and afterwards they became suffect consul for the nundinium of May to August 115 as the colleague of Lucius Julius Frugi. Celsus held the office of consul the second time as consul ordinarius for the year 129 with Lucius Neratius Marcellus as their colleague. They achieved the apex of a successful senatorial career when they became proconsul of Asia in 129/130.
As a jurist
Celsus succeeded their father Juventius Celsus in the Proculian school of lawyers. They were part of the Consilium of Hadrian and helped bring about the Senatus consultum Iuventianum, which held that a good-faith possessor of an inheritance only had to yield it back inasmuch as they were enriched by it. Another dictum of his, impossibilium nulla obligatio est – impossible obligations are void – has become a core tenet of civil law.
Celsus' legal style was bold and biting. Pliny the Younger did, however, criticise their rhetorical weaknesses. Celsus' principal work was their libri digestorum 39, of which books 1-27 discussed Hadrian's edicts -- books 1-12 and 24–27 on the order of the edicts, and books 13-23 concerned legacies and wills -- while books 28-39 discussed the laws the Senate promulgated and numerous senatus consulta.
Notable
– Law is the art of the good and the equitable (Dig. 1, 1, 1)
– Knowing the laws does not mean knowing their words, but their intent and purpose(Dig. 1, 3, 17)
– It is not artful to judge or to counsel based on a snippet of the law, without taking into consideration the law in its entirety (Dig. 1, 3, 24)
- There is no obligation to do the impossible(Dig. 50, 17, 185)
- An action is nothing else but the right to recover by judicial process on the merits that which is owing to one (Dig. 44, 7, 51)
References
Other secondary sources
Ernst Diehl, "Iuventius 13", Realencyclopädie der classischen Altertumswissenschaft Bande X,2 Sp. 1362–1363.
PIR ² I 882
67 births
130 deaths
1st-century Romans
2nd-century Romans
2nd-century writers
Ancient Roman jurists
Aufidii
Imperial Roman consuls
Roman governors of Thracia
St James' Chapel is in the village of Lindsey, Suffolk, England. It was built in about 1250 and is a scheduled ancient monument. The chapel is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The chapel is a substantial building constructed of flint, brick and stone. It has a tie beam roof covered with thatch. The chapel measures by . Its height, from floor to roof plate, is .
History
The chapel originated as a chantry chapel for the nearby Lindsay Castle, all remains of which have now vanished apart from some low earthworks.
References
External links
Grade I listed churches in Suffolk
Scheduled monuments in Suffolk
English Heritage sites in Suffolk
Chapels in England
Babergh District
Edwin Watson (28 May 1914 – 12 June 1944) was a professional footballer, who played for Partick Thistle, Huddersfield Town and Bradford Park Avenue. They were killed in the Second World War. They were born in Pittenweem, Fife, Scotland.
Military service and death
Watson served as a flight sergeant in No. 201 Squadron RAF of the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War.  They are known to have served on two missions as an air gunner on a Short Sunderland III conducting anti-submarine sweeps from RAF Pembroke Dock over the Bay of Biscay. On 7 June 1944, Watson's Sunderland located off Cape Ortegal, Spain and sunk it with depth charges, killing all 50 crew on board the U-boat.
Five days later, on 12 June 1944, the Sunderland encountered , and conducted depth charge raids on it. The Sunderland is thought to have been shot down by flak from the submarine's anti-aircraft guns during the attack, killing everybody on board, including Watson. Their body was not recovered from the wreckage, and they are remembered on the Runnymede Memorial. In 2021, they were added to the Huddersfield Town 'roll of honour'.
References
1914 births
1944 deaths
Scottish footballers
People from Pittenweem
Footballers from Fife
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Crossgates Primrose F.C. players
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Scottish airmen
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
Royal Air Force airmen
Nicky Hayes is an established psychologist and author, who has written over 25 books on psychology, management and neuroscience and made significant contributions to psychology education, research methods and applied psychology.
Them books include specialised textbooks, e.g. "Fundamentals of Social Psychology" (Routledge) and "Doing Psychological Research" (Open University Press), supplementary publications such as the Student's Dictionary of Psychology and Neuroscience (with Peter Stratton and published by Taylor & Francis, now in its 7th edition), and several accessible introductions to psychology for the general trade market, including "Understand Psychology" (Teach Yourself series, John Murray) and the infographic "Instant Psychology" (Welbeck).
They have written a number of articles for psychology-related magazines, edits two newsletters, is a member of the Society of Authors, a Fellow of the British Psychological Society, an Honorary Life Member of the Association for the Teaching of Psychology, and a member of Council of the International Test Commission.
They engage in consultancy on psychological matters for both government and private organisations, continues to write psychology books, and at the time of writing is President-Elect of the British Psychological Society, due to become President in July 2022.
Early life
Nicola Jane Hayes was born in 1953 near Maidenhead in Berkshire, England. They lived in the area until 1964, when they moved to the Wirral. They attended Wallasey High School until 1971, and studied psychology at Leeds University from 1972 until 1975. They then worked as a Residential Social Worker with Leeds City Council from 1976 to 1979, when they left to take a PGCE in Further and Higher Education at Holly Bank, Huddersfield. They then undertook an M.Ed. at Leeds University from 1981 to 1983.
Psychology Education
Nicky Hayes was instrumental in the development and establishment of pre-degree psychology in the UK.
Having taken a PGCE for Further and Higher Education from 1979 to 1980, they worked part-time teaching psychology at A and A/O level in various technical colleges in West Yorkshire. This was a new subject at the time, with many teachers working on their own with little or no support.
In 1982 they became an AO level examiner with the Joint Matriculation Board, and discovered such a diversity in the range and quality of the subject teaching that it was evident that more support was needed for teachers. They worked with others to establish that support through the Association for the Teaching of Psychology, acting as Hon Secretary from 1982 to 1984 and chair from 1984 to 1985.
This work resulted in publications, local groups, a resource bank and the establishment of an annual conference which continues to be the main CPD provider for teachers of pre-degree psychology.
In 1985 they joined the Membership and Qualifications Board of the British Psychological Society to raise the profile of this level of teaching in the psychological "establishment". Later in that year they became the first Hon. Secretary of a new Special Group for the Teaching of Psychology; from 1989 to 1995 served as the Registrar for a BPS Diploma in the Teaching of Psychology; and from 1993 to 1998 chaired the BPS Training Committee for the Applied Psychology of Teaching.
They were a founder member of the BPS Division established in 1997 which is now the Division of Academic Research and Teaching in Psychology, and in 1997 received the British Psychological Society Award for Distinguished Contributions to the Teaching of Psychology.
Nicky Hayes worked with a number of public exam boards in various roles from 1983 to 2002, examining A, AO level and GCSE psychology; acting as Chief Examiner and as Chair of Examiners, contributing to syllabus development and conducting scrutinies of Exam Board practices. They also contributed to the revision of the AQA syllabus for GCSE psychology in 2016–17.
They also made a significant impact on the popularity of the subject by producing a number of clear and accessible textbooks and study guides, which were helpful to both teachers and students. Them introductory books have been translated into several languages, and they were a keynote speaker on the value of pre-degree psychology at psychology teachers' conferences in Australia, Denmark and Russia.
Research methods
Nicky Hayes has a broad range of knowledge and expertise in social research methods. They have taught research methods to a range of students, including psychology undergraduates and postgraduates, Environmental Health trainees, MBA trainees, and students on an Educational Psychology Doctorate programme.
Them textbook "Doing Psychological Research" had its first edition in 2000, and its second in 2020, and has been widely cited; and they have contributed chapters to a number of other texts*.  They are also editor of two publications on psychometrics and is actively involved in the work of both the BPS Psychological Testing Centre and the International Test Commission.
Nicky Hayes was a founder member of the British Psychological Society's Qualitative Methods group, established during the 1990s to promote the use of qualitative method in psychological research. As a result of those discussions they edited a textbook illustrating the range of qualitative methods used by psychologists, and subsequently a comprehensive research and analysis textbook for students which treated qualitative approaches in detail. These publications made significant contributions to the increased acceptance of qualitative research in UK psychology.
Applied Psychology
Nicky Hayes is also known for their ability to apply a range of psychological concepts across new areas. Them research in organisational psychology produced a model detailing the social psychological processes of social identification and social representation which underlie organisational cultures, and determine their efficacy in terms of employee engagement.
They have worked with SMEs to facilitate growth, drawing on psychological research into social identification to show how awareness of these mechanisms can contribute to positive employee experience and effective employee management. They also conducted research into the psychological contract and organisational commitment at work, and published two books on the psychology of effective teamworking.
Them broad knowledge of human psychological processes has been applied in a number of contexts**.
During the 1990s they participated in a number of AI workshops conducted by the European Society for the Study of Cognitive Systems, and contributed to day workshops and conferences for other professional groups.
From 1994 to 2002 they conducted research into the psychology of science communication, working with a number of interactive science centres, including the National Museum for Science and Technology in London, Techniquest in Cardiff and the Centre for Life in Newcastle.
This research articulated the psychological mechanisms underlying customer engagement with interactive science exhibits, and showed how they produce outcomes in the cognitive, conative, affective and behavioural domains. They have spoken on this area and presented the model at a number of national and international conferences, since which time it has been applied in both innovative and evaluative projects in science centres and other interactive arenas.
* Recent examples include:
Morin, J-F, Olsson, C. & Atikan, E.Ö (eds) (2021) Research Methods in the Social Sciences: an A-Z of key concepts Oxford University Press
Nichols, A.L. & Edlundand, J. E. (in press) The Cambridge Handbook of Research Methods and Statistics for the Social and Behavioral Sciences Cambridge University Press
** Examples include:
Hayes, N. (1997) Some cognitive implications of human social evolution ESSCS Annual Workshop Freiburg, Germany
Hayes, N. (2001) Dispassionate Objectivity: the unreachable ideal? National Society for Expert Witnesses, Sheffield, UK
Hayes, N. (2000) Psychological Dimensions of interactive science exhibits Proceedings of the XXVII International Congress of Psychology, Stockholm, 2000
Hayes, N. (1999) Exploring Interactives: the psychological domain Techniquest, Cardiff
Hayes, N. (1999) Psychological dimensions of interactivity 2nd World Congress of Science Centres, Calcutta, India
Hayes, N. (1998) The psychology of interactive science British Interactive Group Conference, Herstmonceux, Sussex
Hayes, N. (1996) Interactive science: the demands of the task Ist World Congress of Science Centres, Finland
Hayes,N. (1994) Are we getting through? The psychological basis of scientific communication International Congress: When Science becomes Culture Montreal, Canada
Awards
1985 Honorary Life Member of the Association for the Teaching of Psychology.
1997 British Psychological Society's Award for Distinguished Contributions to the Teaching of Psychology.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Textbook writers
20th-century British women writers
Unholier Than Thou is the second album by Infernäl Mäjesty. It was released on August 15, 1998 by Hypnotic Records and released in April 2001 in the USA.
Track listing
"Unholier Than Thou" – 4:39
"The Hunted " – 4:23
"Gone the Way of All Flesh" – 4:20
" Black Infernal World" – 4:22
"Roman Song" – 5:10
"Where Is Your God" – 4:35
"Death Roll" – 4:38
"The Art of War" – 5:33
Credits
Chris Bailey– vocals
Steve Terror– guitar
Kevin Harris – drums
Kenny Hallman– guitar
Chay McMullen – bass
References
Infernäl Mäjesty albums
1998 albums
Nikita Vyacheslavovich Andreyev (; born 23 March 1997) is a Russian football player. They play for FC Torpedo Vladimir.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl on 8 November 2014 in a game against FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1997 births
Living people
People from Vladimir, Russia
Sportspeople from Vladimir Oblast
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
FC Torpedo Vladimir players
"The Machine Stops" is a science fiction short story (12,300 words) by E. M. Forster. After initial publication in The Oxford and Cambridge Review (November 1909), the story was republished in Forster's The Eternal Moment and Other Stories in 1928. After being voted one of the best novellas up to 1965, it was included that same year in the populist anthology Modern Short Stories. In 1973 it was also included in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, Volume Two.
The story, set in a world where humanity lives underground and relies on a giant machine to provide its needs, predicted technologies similar to instant messaging and the Internet.
Plot summary
The story describes a world in which most of the human population has lost the ability to live on the surface of the Earth. Each individual now lives in isolation below ground in a standard room, with all bodily and spiritual needs met by the omnipotent, global Machine. Travel is permitted, but is unpopular and rarely necessary. Communication is made via a kind of instant messaging/video conferencing machine with which people conduct their only activity: the sharing of ideas and what passes for knowledge.
The two main characters, Vashti and their son Kuno, live on opposite sides of the world. Vashti is content with their life, which, like most inhabitants of the world, they spend producing and endlessly discussing secondhand 'ideas'. Them son Kuno, however, is a sensualist and a rebel. They persuade a reluctant Vashti to endure the journey (and the resultant unwelcome personal interaction) to their room. There, they tell them of their disenchantment with the sanitised, mechanical world.
They confide to them that they have visited the surface of the Earth without permission and that they saw other humans living outside the world of the Machine. However, the Machine recaptures him, and they are threatened with 'Homelessness': expulsion from the underground environment and presumed death. Vashti, however, dismisses their son's concerns as dangerous madness and returns to their part of the world.
As time passes, and Vashti continues the routine of their daily life, there are two important developments. First, individuals are no longer permitted access to the respirators which are needed to visit the earth's surface. Most welcome this development, as they are skeptical and fearful of first-hand experience and of those who desire it. Secondly, "Technopoly", a kind of religion, is re-established, in which the Machine is the object of worship. People forget that humans created the Machine, and treat it as a mystical entity whose needs supersede their own.
Those who do not accept the deity of the Machine are viewed as 'unmechanical' and threatened with Homelessness. The Mending Apparatus – the system charged with repairing defects that appear in the Machine proper – has also failed by this time, but concerns about this are dismissed in the context of the supposed omnipotence of the Machine itself.
During this time, Kuno is transferred to a room near Vashti's. They come to believe that the Machine is breaking down, and tells them cryptically "The Machine stops." Vashti continues with their life, but eventually defects begin to appear in the Machine. At first, humans accept the deteriorations as the whim of the Machine, to which they are now wholly subservient, but the situation continues to deteriorate as the knowledge of how to repair the Machine has been lost.
Finally, the Machine collapses, bringing 'civilization' down with it. Kuno comes to Vashti's ruined room. Before they both perish, they realise that humanity and its connection to the natural world are what truly matters, and that it will fall to the surface-dwellers who still exist to rebuild the human race and to prevent the mistake of the Machine from being repeated.
Themes
In the preface to their Collected Short Stories (1947), Forster wrote that "'The Machine Stops' is a reaction to one of the earlier heavens of H. G. Wells." In The Time Machine, Wells had pictured the childlike Eloi living the life of leisure of Greek gods whilst the working Morlocks lived underground and kept their whole idyllic existence going. In contrast to Wells' political commentary, Forster points to the technology itself as the ultimate controlling force.
As well as Forster's predicting globalisation, the internet, video conferencing, and other aspects of 21st-Century reality, Will Gompertz writing on the BBC website on 30 May 2020 said "The Machine Stops is not simply prescient; it is a jaw-droppingly, gob-smackingly, breath-takingly accurate literary description of lockdown life in 2020."
Critical reception
The Fantasy Book Review calls The Machine Stops "dystopic and quite brilliant" and says "In such a short novel The Machine Stops holds more horror than any number of gothic ghost stories. Everybody should read it, and consider how far we may go ourselves down the road of technological ‘advancement' and forget what it truly means to be alive." and rates it as 10 out of 10.
Wired magazine states "__1909: __ E.M. Forster publishes "The Machine Stops," a chilling tale of a futuristic information-oriented society that grinds to a bloody halt, literally. Some aspects of the story no longer seem so distant in the future." and says that a lecturer in the story provides "a chilling premonition of the George W. Bush administration's derogation of "the reality-based community"".
Adaptations
A television adaptation, directed by Philip Saville, was shown in the UK on 6 October 1966 as part of the second series of British science-fiction anthology TV series Out of the Unknown. It is one of only four episodes known to exist from the show's second series.
Playwright Eric Coble's 2004 stage adaptation was broadcast on 16 November 2007 on WCPN 90.3 FM in Cleveland, Ohio.
In 2001 BBC Radio 4 aired Gregory Norminton's adaptation as a radio play. Another radio adaptation, by Philip Franks, aired on Radio 4 on 19 June 2022.
TMS: The Machine Stops is a graphic novel series adaptation written by Michael Lent with art by Marc Rene, published by Alterna Comics in February, 2014.
A play written by Neil Duffield staged at York Theatre Royal during May–June 2016.
Mad #1 (Oct–Nov, 1952) had "Blobs", a seven-page story drawn by Wallace Wood where two inhabitants of 1,000,000 AD discuss the history of man and their evolution into "blobs" totally dependent on the Machine.
Related works
Stephen Baxter's story "Glass Earth Inc.", which refers explicitly to "The Machine Stops", is included in the book Phase Space.
Isaac Asimov's second novel in the, Robot Series, The Naked Sun, takes place on a planet similar to the earth seen in this story. On the Planet Solaria human colonists live isolated from one another, only viewing each other through holograms, and only have interactions with their robot retinues. After several centuries the humans have become so dependent on this practice it has become taboo to even be in the presence of another human being.
The song "The Machine Stops" by the band Level 42 not only shares the same title with the story but also has lyrics that echo Kuno's thoughts.
The band A Hope for Home based their song, The Machine Stops, on their album Realis on this story by Forster.
Both George Lucas's film THX 1138 (1971) and the original novel version of Logan's Run (1967) by William F. Nolan and George Clayton Johnson bear multiple similarities to "The Machine Stops".
The space rock band Hawkwind released a concept album titled The Machine Stops in 2016 based on the story by Forster.
Paul Kingsnorth's 2021 essay "Intermission: The Machine Stops" opens with a quote from Forster's novella.
See also
1909 in science fiction
References
Further reading
Seegert, Alf (2010), "Technology and the Fleshly Interface in E. M. Forster's 'The Machine Stops'", Journal of Ecocriticism 2: 1.
Pordzik, Ralph. 2010. Closet fantasies and the future of desire in E. M. Forster's "The Machine Stops". English Literature in Transition 1880–1920 53, No. 1 (Winter): 54–74.
Wally Wood's version for Mad Magazine, 1952
External links
The Machine Stops by E. M. Forster (1909) Online text
The Machine Stop and other stories by E. M. Forster, Rod Mengham Online text
Dystopian literature
Plays by Eric Coble
1909 short stories
Religion in science fiction
Short stories by E. M. Forster
Science fiction short stories
Works originally published in British magazines
Works originally published in literary magazines
Constable & Co. books
Fictional computers
Giangiacomo di Gambarana (Joannes Jacobus ex comitibus Gambaranae) (died 1538) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Albenga (1518–1538).
Biography
Gambarana obtained the post of Protonotary Apostolic in the Roman Curia. They served as Governor of the City of Rome.
On 29 August 1529 they were appointed by Pope Clement VII as Vice-Legate of the Marches; they served until 1 July 1531.
On 5 May 1518, Giangiacomo di Gambarana was appointed during the papacy of Pope Leo X as Bishop of Albenga. In November 1523, Bishop di Gambarana presided over the transfer and enshrinement of the relics of the martyr Saint Calocero in the Church of Saint Calocero in Albenga. On 1 June 1531, Bishop Gambarana held a diocesan synod with their clergy in the sacristy of the Cathedral. They held the office of Bishop of Albenga until their death in 1538, while serving in other offices and other capacities.
They died in their native Pavia and was buried in the Church of S. Giacomo fuori le mura.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Leo X
1538 deaths
The Specialized Educational Scientific Center on Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry and Biology of Novosibirsk State University (SESC NSU) is an educational institution in Akademgorodok, Novosibirsk, Russia. It provides the final stage of secondary education and is affiliated with Novosibirsk State University.
The idea of Specialized Educational Scientific Center was invented in 1962 at the same time with the first Summer School of Mathematics and Physics. SESC was established in 1963 as the High School of Physics and Mathematics № 165. In 1989 it was renamed to SESC (specialized teaching and research center).
Nowadays there are about 500 students in SESC. They are taught by more than 260 teachers, including 21 professors, 21 doctors, 81 PhD and 72 associate professors. More than half of teachers are scientists of the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences and professors of Novosibirsk State University. The SESC NSU occupies four buildings: a study building for 540 persons, two dormitories for 540 persons, a dining hall for 140 persons. The buildings are under the jurisdiction of the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Since the foundation the School has granted more than 10000 school-leaving certificates to students, 55 people have gained golden medals and 385 — silver ones.
References
External links
SESC NSU website (in Russian)
52 Summer School of SESC at NSU
Official channel of SESC NSU on YouTube
Education in Novosibirsk
Sovetsky District, Novosibirsk
Science and technology in Siberia
Universities and institutes established in the Soviet Union
1962 establishments in the Soviet Union
Kallichellamma is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by P. Bhaskaran. It is based on the novel of the same name by G. Vivekanandan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Madhu, Sheela and Adoor Bhasi. It was released on 22 August 1969. Sheela received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actress for their role in this film. The film was produced by Sobhana Parameswaran Nair.
Plot
Chellamma is an orphan living in a small house situated in the compound of a landlord in the village. They were an illegitimate child of their late mother. Them mother on their death bed requested their friend Valli Akka to care for Chellamma and advised Chellamma never lose their chastity like their mother. As a grownup, Chellamma is a bold and independent woman who works hard for a living. Many men in the village try in vain to make some sexual advances towards them Men who covet Chellamma include the landlord and Asarakannu Muthalali, a rowdy.
On a rainy day a dam which separates the paddy fields and the lake breaks and paddy field gets flooded with water. To pump the water out of the fields, villagers bring a pumping machine from the town. A Christian man arrives in the village as the pump operator. One day the landlord tries to evict Chellamma from their house, they resist and the pump operator helps them to protect their hut from the landlord. Hereafter, Chellamma feels a positive affection towards the pump operator. One night during the festival, the pump operator comes to Chellamma's house and forces them to have sex with him. Chellamma initially resists, but they both eventually succumbs to the libido. Next morning, they leave the village after promising Chellamma that they would come back soon to marry them
Chellamma becomes pregnant. Valli Akka advises them to abort the pregnancy, but they refuse. All people in the village start hating Chellamma because of their illegitimate pregnancy. Vally Akka and one of their friend help Chellamma during these tough days of their life. Chellamma faces some medical complexities during parturition. Some good-hearted people in the village bring them to the hospital. Chellamma survives, but their infant dies. Asarakannu Muthalali visits Chellamma in the hospital and helps them financially and shows some sympathy towards them
Chellamma comes back home after recovering their health. One day Asarakannu Muthalali visits Chellamma in their home and tries to rape them While resisting him, they tell them that they consider them as their brother, on hearing this, Asarakannu feels bad about himself. When they come out of Chellamma's house, the pump operator arrives there in a drunken state. On seeing Chellamma with Asarakannu, they lose their mind. They and Asarakannu fight and they stab Asarakannu. On hearing Chellamma's cries, people gather around their house. Villagers catch the pump operator and tie them to a coconut tree in Chellamma's yard. They bring Asarakannu to the hospital. On seeing the police coming to fetch the pump operator, they seek the help of Chellamma to get released from the knot. Chellamma cuts the rope and releases him. They escape, on seeing this people become more furious towards them
Asarakannu Muthalali survives the injury. They come back to the village in search of the pump operator to take their revenge. They enquirers Chellamma about the pump operator and threatens them that they will kill the pump operator one day. One day the pump operator, now working as a quarry worker gets severely injured in an accident. Chellamma learns of this and visits them in the hospital. One of their arms is broken in the accident. Chellamma goes with them leaving behind their house. They work and earns money to satisfy their belly. Some days they get drunk and accuses Chellamma of an illegitimate relationship with Asarakannu. Chellamma painfully endures their bad words.
One day, Asarakannu sees Chellamma selling fruits. On seeing them they flee, they follow them and reaches their house. Asarakannu starts physically fighting with the pump operator. Asarakannu wins the fight and tries to kill the pump operator, Chellamma hold their legs and begs to spare their husband's life. On seeing their tears, Asarakannu leaves them unharmed.
One day a weak lady and their two children come to Chellamma's house. Chellamma realises that they are the wife and children of the pump operator. On seeing them, the pump operator becomes furious and tries to evict them from the house. Chellamma interferes and saves the poor woman and their children, they bring them inside. The woman says all that happened was their mistake. Chellamma consoles them and says "our mistake is nothing but being women in this world". The pump operator arrives the house in a drunken state, they try to kill their first wife, but on seeing their daughter, their mind changes. They hug the child and starts crying in remorse. On seeing the happy reunification of the family, Chellamma feels both joy and pain at the same time. They leave the house in the night.
They arrive at their old home. They fetch a poisonous fruit and eats it deliberately. In their last moment, they feel like their mother is calling them They tell their mother that they are thirsty. Them mother's sound tells them to fetch a coconut from their 'Chudalathengu' (a coconut tree planted on their mother's grave immediately after the funeral) and drinks the coconut water. They fetch a coconut from the tree using a long stick. While trying to break the coconut, the landlord and their people arrive at the scene and accuse them of theft of coconuts from their property. They start parading them to the police station with the fallen coconut bunch on their head. They collapse and dies thirsty with the coconuts from the chudalathengu scattered around them
Cast
Prem Nazir
Madhu
Sheela as Chellamma
Adoor Bhasi
Sankaradi
Jesey
K. P. Pillai
Latheef
Abbas
Adoor Bhavani
Khadeeja
Kuttan Pillai
M. L. Saraswathi
Master Pramod
Meena
Veeran
Kottayam Santha
Nabeesa
Pala Thankam
Paravoor Bharathan
Sankar Menon
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan
Thomas Mani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.. The soundtrack also features traditional music.
Box office
The film was a commercial success.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1969 films
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Pru West District is one of the eleven districts in Bono East Region, Ghana. Originally it was formerly part of the then-larger Pru District on 18 February 2004, until the western part of the district was split off to create Pru West District on 15 March 2018; thus the remaining part has been renamed as Pru East District. The district assembly is located in the east central part of Bono East Region and has Prang as its capital town.
Boundaries
The district is bounded on the north by the Pru East district, Sene West district to the east, Nkoranza South Municipal District and Atebubu-Amantin Municipal District to the south and Kintampo North Municipal District and Kintampo South District to the west.
Settlements
The ten most populated areas in the region include Prang the capital, Zabrama, Dama-Nkwanta, Abease, Komfourkrom, Beposo, Buipe, Aboa, Adabrase and Ajalaja. There are 88 localities within the district. The district is also divided into the Prang Town Council, Abease Area Council and the Ajaraja/Beposo Area Council.
Administration
The administrative head of the district is the District Chief Executive who is appointed by the President of Ghana after consultation.
References
Districts of Bono East Region
Populated places in the Bono East Region
States and territories established in 2003
Kores may refer to:
Kores (company)
Art Kores (1886–1974), American professional baseball player
Goris, Syunik, Armenia, also known as Kores
See also
Kore (disambiguation)
Susquehanna broad projectile points are stone projectile points manufactured by Native Americans what is now the Northeastern United States, generally in the time interval of 1200–700 BC. They are probably atlatl dart points, but some are large enough to have been spear points. They derive their name from the specimens throughout the Susquehanna River Valley in the northeastern United States, particularly Pennsylvania and New York.
Description
Susquehanna broad points sizes generally range from 1 1/2 inches in length to 4 inches with an average of about 1 1/4 inches in length. The blade is triangular, the base is narrower than the ears. They are usually about twice as long as they are wide. Many specimens found in Pennsylvania and New York are made from rhyolite coming from outcrops near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
Age and cultural affiliations
They have mostly been dated to around 1200-700 BC, which is a transitional time between the hunter-gatherer cultures to a more agricultural based culture.
Distribution
These points are generally found in the area around the Susquehanna River Valley, in New York and Pennsylvania.
See also
Other projectile points
External links
Virginia Department of Historic Resources
References
Projectile points
Indigenous weapons of the Americas
Joseph H. Carey (November 14, 1895 – July 22, 1962) was a Guard and tackle in the National Football League (NFL).
Biography
Carey was born on November 14, 1895 in Chicago.
Career
Carey played with the Chicago Cardinals during the 1920 NFL season. The following season, they played with the Green Bay Packers.
They played at the collegiate level at the Illinois Institute of Technology.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1895 births
1962 deaths
Players of American football from Chicago
American football guards
American football tackles
Illinois Tech Scarlet Hawks football players
Chicago Cardinals players
Green Bay Packers players
Hayat Abdullayeva (14 October 1912, Derbent - 21 April 2006, Baku) - an Azerbaijani sculptor, and honoured art worker.
Biography
Hayat Hamdulla qizi Abdullayeva was born on 14 October 1912 in the city of Derbent. They were the daughter of the famous fish merchant Hamdulla Abdullayev. After the execution of their father, they were exiled with their mother to Kazakhstan.
In 1942, they entered the evacuated Repin Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture (now Repin Institute of Arts), from Leningrad to Samarkand. In those years, they created the sculptures "Tutu khanim" and "Hasan bey Zardabi". They became the first Azerbaijani woman in the field of easel sculpture. After completing their studies, they arrived to Baku, where they were a teacher at the Art School named after Azim Azimzada. They learned in the workshop of artist Petr Sabsay.
Creation
Abdullayeva worked in the decorative and easel sculpture field. The lyrical theme prevailed in Abdullayevas small sculptures. If in such compositions as "Motherhood" and "Lullaby", the sculptor sings maternal love, then they dedicate their two-figure sculpture to the enamoured. The poetic images of a guy and a girl made of wood, contemplating the world of love, dreams, and desires, convey a feeling of tenderness.
Among the famous works of the author, one can note the sculpture "Hajar" (1959), the colourful decorative figures reflecting the characters from Nizamis poem "Seven Beauties"(1959). Sometimes this composition, being represented by porcelain figurines, is called the “Seven Beauties and Bahram Shah”. Despite the diverse images of the girls, that differ in movements and clothes, the author managed to create a whole composition. The artistic images of the poet Nizami Ganjavi, famous in the East, performed by Abdullayeva, received a new and original interpretation. The theme, to which the author turned, itself forces the sculptor to emphasize the brilliance and exoticism of this image. At the same time, the professional flair, the knowledge of the technological qualities of the porcelain, the emanating from the nature and textured capabilities of the material, gave an impetus to the emergence of this decorative composition. The figures attract not only by their plasticity, but also by their logical completeness from the point of view of the typical elements expressions.
The 50s of the last century were fruitful for Abdullayeva in the field of the small plastic genre. The caricature of "Meshedi Ibad" and their aunt from the operetta "Arshin Mal Alan" revealed the decorative talent of the sculptor as well as the ability to express the figurative composition of the depicted face. The types from the "Seven Beauties", the "Talysh Gizi", the "Girl Weaving a Basket", the "Woman with a Child", and other small-volume porcelain and ceramic figures, are the first examples of the authors defining creative prospects, and the ceramic works of the "Seven Beauties" and the "Woman with a child" speak about the breadth of Hayat Abdullayevas creative possibilities. Such works as "Lullaby", "Youth", "Hajar" (walnut tree), in their lyricism, are not inferior to the above-mentioned ones. The professionalism prevailing in these sculptures is reflected in their subsequent works, among which should be noted the sculpture "Without You" - a girl in a raincoat with a raised collar and hands in their pockets conveying a sad mood. Another sculpture by the master, dedicated to the partisan doctor Alia Rustamova, who fought in the forests of Smolensk during the World War II, conveys the pensive image of the hero. Another sculpture by Hayat Abdullayeva called "The Game" is interesting from a compositional point of view. It represents a girl at the chessboard in a very interesting way. The long flexible neck and the unfinished arms give the work a special charm. At the same time, the main goal for the sculptor is to convey the inner world of the hero, for whom the game of chess has turned into a thought about the game of life.
Over the years of their creative activity, Abdullayeva has also created a number of major works, including the sculpture of Maxim Gorky, installed on the pediment of the National Library named after M. F. Akhundov, the bronze sculptures of the famous actor Huseyngulu Sarabsky, of the statesman and poet Shah Ismail Khatai, the monument-busts of Khurshidbanu Natavan and the one of the poet Vagif in the city of Shusha.
In 1964, they were awarded the title of the Honored Art Worker.
Abdullayeva died on 21 April 2006 in Baku.
Heritage
In 2014, the Nizami Cinema Centre in Baku hosted the premiere of a documentary film by the Azerbaijani director Yaver Rzayev "The Light of My Eyes and the Amazing Life of a Sculptor", dedicated to the 100th anniversary of H. Abdullayeva.
See also
List of Azerbaijani women artists
Zivar Mammadova
Elmira Hüseynova
Munavvar Rzayeva
References
1912 births
2006 deaths
Azerbaijani sculptors
Azerbaijani women sculptors
20th-century Azerbaijani women artists
Honored Art Workers of the Azerbaijan SSR
Soviet sculptors
People from Derbent
Coach Trip 13 was the thirteenth series of Coach Trip in the United Kingdom. The series began airing on 30 March 2015 for 20 episodes, 3 days after the twelfth series concluded, concluding on 24 April 2015. These were the last 20 episodes of the original 80 that were commissioned in April 2014.
Voting system
The Voting system on this series was:
The couple who got the most votes received a yellow card
If a couple already had a yellow card and got the most votes they received a second yellow card resulting in a red card
Contestants
Voting history
Notes
Due to Nikki's injury in the afternoon skiing session, they and Dan both had to leave for hospital before the vote. This meant that they could not cast a vote or receive any votes. The announcement that Dan and Nikki are returning was announced during the third episode on 1 April 2015.
Julie had to go to the hospital to take a look at their swollen ankle, the doctor informed them that they had to rest it for 48 hours meaning that they had to leave the coach.
David and Mandy had to leave the coach due to work related problems back in the UK. The couple informed Brendan and the other couples before everyone boarded outside the hotel.
Graham and Nimm had made up their mind that because Nimm was tired during the afternoon activity the day before that they did not want to continue on the trip.
Amy & James and Josh & Oli were both yellow carded due to keeping Brendan up during the night, this resulted in them being removed from the coach.
Christabel and Melissa had to leave due to Christabel falling ill.
Due to 3 of the couples leaving the coach that day, Brendan cancelled the vote.
One of the couple received a message from home informing them that someone had fallen ill resulting in them having to leave the coach.
The Trip by Day
References
Coach Trip series
2015 British television seasons
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows set in Austria
Television shows set in Croatia
Television shows set in Hungary
Television shows set in Italy
Television shows set in the Czech Republic
The Ampersand Network was a not-for-profit organisation, committed to improving the appeal and accessibility of volunteering for young people in Australia.
Ampersand was founded on the belief that exposing young people to social and environmental need will produce a more broad-minded and socially engaged generation of leaders than might otherwise emerge.
Since its launch in 2005, the Ampersand Network has provided access to over 5,000 volunteer opportunities Australia wide, and hundreds more with international development agencies abroad, such as Australian Volunteers International, Students Partnership Worldwide and Global Vision International.
Each year, the Ampersand Walk gives young Australians the opportunity to 'volunteer their feet' for not-for-profit organisations with a proven track record in utilising young volunteers. In 2007, Ampersand partnered with yconnect? to promote the Walk and raise funds for the Australian Red Cross.
The Ampersand Network's website was last updated in April 2011.
Recognition
Two of its directors were Victorian finalists in the Young Australian of the Year.
In 2004, the network was applauded for its work in The Australian Senate. In 2005, it was the recipient of an Anti-Poverty Award for Young Victorians.
References
External links
antipoverty.unitingchurch.org.au
Non-profit organisations based in Australia
Arnav Sinha (born 30 November 1995) is an Indian cricketer. They made their first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Jharkhand in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Jharkhand cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Marie-Luise Millowitsch (born November 23, 1955) is a German actor.
Life
Marie-Luise Millowitsch was born on November 23, 1955 in Cologne, North Rhine-Westfalia, Germany.  They are the daughter of Willy Millowitsch and one of the three sisters of Peter Millowitsch.
They studied veterinary medicine in Munich (doctorate in 1991). They lived with their partner in Cologne. The couple split in December 2009 after eight years of relationship.
Filmography (selection)
Cinema movies
1991:
1992: Wunderjahre
2004: Guys and Balls
2011: Ausreichend (short film)
Television movies
1965: Drei kölsche Jungen (recording from the Millowitsch-Theater)
1973: Liebe mit 50
1975:
1975: Probezeit
1975: Rauschgift
1978: Tatort: Der Feinkosthändler
1983: Die Sache Mensch
1984: Das Glücksmädel
1984: Das Liebesverbot
1984: Adel verpflichtet zu nichts
1984: Die spanische Fliege
1986: Tatort: Schwarzes Wochenende
1987: Minipli
1987: Das Mädchen aus dem Fahrstuhl
1987: Die vertagte Hochzeitsnacht
1989: Brausepulver – Berta und die Stürmer
1990: Der Medienfreak
1996: Das Traumschiff: Sydney
1998: Wiedersehen in Palma
1999: Meine beste Feindin
2000: Ich kaufe mir einen Mann
2000: Zwei vom Blitz getroffen
2002: Die Stimmen
2003: Lottoschein ins Glück
2004: Untreu
2005: Damals warst Du still
2005: Das geheime Leben meiner Freundin
2008: Mein Gott, Anna!
2008: Das Traumschiff: Rio de Janeiro
2008: Das Traumschiff: Vietnam
2009: Mein Mann, seine Geliebte und ich
2009: Heute keine Entlassung
2010: Scheidung für Fortgeschrittene
2011: Die Trödelqueen – Gelegenheit macht Liebe
2012: Idiotentest
2012: Schlaflos in Schwabing
2013: Der große Schwindel
2014: Zwei mitten im Leben
2015: Eine Handvoll Briefe – Liebe im Gepäck (beim ORF Lost & Found)
2016: Mama geht nicht mehr
Television series
1990: Heidi und Erni (12 episodes)
1993: Tisch und Bett (1 episode)
1993: Ihre Exzellenz, die Botschafterin (1 episode)
1993: Kommissar Klefisch (1 episode)
1994: Julie Lescaut (1 episode)
1994: Hallo, Onkel Doc! (1 episode)
1994: Wir sind auch nur ein Volk (1 episode)
1995: Sommergeschichten (1 episode)
1995–2004: girlfriends – Freundschaft mit Herz (69 episodes)
1996: Heimatgeschichten (2 episodes)
1996: Der Mordsfilm (3 episodes)
1996–2005: Nikola (title role, 110 episodes)
1998: Das Amt (1 episode)
2000: Der Fahnder (1 episode)
2005–2006: Die Familienanwältin (16 episodes)
since 2008: Marie Brand
2014: Danni Lowinski (episode: Grün ist die Hoffnung)
2016: SOKO Köln (episode: Letzte Meile)
2019: Käthe und ich – Dornröschen
2019: Käthe und ich – Das Findelkind
2019: Ein Fall für Dr. Abel – Zerbrochen
Awards
1996: Goldener Löwe (won)
1998: Adolf-Grimme-Preis (won)
1999: Deutscher Fernsehpreis (nominated)
2000: Goldene Kamera (won)
2002: Bayerischer Fernsehpreis (won)
2003: Deutscher Fernsehpreis (won)
2006: Deutscher Fernsehpreis (nominated)
References
External links
Mariele Millowitsch on IMDb
Mariele Millowitsch on filmportal.de
Literature from and about Mariele Millowitsch on the German National Library
Living people
1955 births
German actores
Actors from Cologne
Postman is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. A. Thomas. The film stars Sathyan, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Hari. The film's score was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Hari
O. Ramdas
T. R. Omana
K. P. Ummer
Kamaladevi
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma and Irayimman Thampi.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Werner Ernst Martin Janensch (11 November 1878 – 20 October 1969) was a German paleontologist and geologist.
Biography
Janensch was born at Herzberg (Elster).
In addition to Friedrich von Huene, Janensch was probably Germany's most important dinosaur specialist from the early and middle twentieth century. Their most famous and significant contributions stemmed from the expedition undertaken to the Tendaguru Beds in what is now Tanzania. As leader of an expedition (together with Edwin Hennig) set up by the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin, where they worked as a curator, Janensch helped uncover an enormous quantity of fossils of late Jurassic period dinosaurs, including several complete Brachiosaurus skeletons, then the largest animal ever known. During their long subsequent career (he worked in Berlin from 1914 to 1961), Janensch named several new dinosaur taxa including Dicraeosaurus (1914) and Elaphrosaurus (1920). Janensch's Brachiosaurus were later determined to belong to a distinct, related genus, Giraffatitan.
Their work at Tendaguru earned them several awards. The Prussian Academy of Sciences honored them with the silver Leibniz Medal in 1911. A year later, they were appointed Professor in geology and paleontology at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität in Berlin. In 1913, they became a member, and in 1958 an honorary member, of the Paläontologische Gesellschaft.
They died in 1969 at Berlin and was buried in Waldfriedhof Dahlem in that city.
Sources
Giant Leap for Paleontology Guardian Unlimited.
Paleontologists - AllAboutDinosaurs.com
Maier, G. African dinosaurs unearthed : the Tendaguru expeditions. Bloomington, Indiana : Indiana University Press, 2003. (Life of the Past Series).
1878 births
1969 deaths
German paleontologists
20th-century German geologists
People from the Province of Saxony
Scientists active at the Museum für Naturkunde, Berlin
Draconematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmodorida.
Genera
Genera:
Apenodraconema Allen & Noffsinger, 1978
Bathychaetosoma Decraemer, Gourbault & Backeljau, 1997
Cephalochaetosoma Kito, 1983
References
Nematodes
The 1947 AAFC season was the 49ers' second season. They began the season hoping to improve upon the previous season's output of 9–5, and they had a similar output this season, 8–4–2. The team did have its first tie in franchise history, a 28–28 standoff in Week 6 against the Baltimore Colts. For the second time in as many seasons, the 49ers placed 2nd in the West division, coming one spot short of playing in the league championship game.
The team's statistical leaders included Frankie Albert with 1,692 passing yards, Johnny Strzykalski with 906 rushing yards, and Alyn Beals with 655 receiving yards and 60 points scored.
Schedule
Standings
References
San Francisco
San Francisco 49ers seasons
1947 in sports in California
Luz de Natal is an album of Christmas music released by fado singer Cuca Roseta. It was released in November 2018 by Sony Music.
Track listing
Estamos Quase no Natal (Hark the Herald) 3:26
White Christmas 3:09
É Natal (Jingle Bell Rocks) 2:42
Nasceu o Amor (The First Noel) 2:44
Oh Noite Sagrada (Oh Holly Night) 3:00
Toca o Sino (Winter Wonderland) 2:37
Adeste Fideles 3:56
Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas 4:18
Vai Chegar o Grande Dia (Deck the Hall) 2:48
Noite Sagrada (Silent Night) 3:33
Gloria In Excelsis (In Excelsis Deo) 3:37
Avé Maria (Schubert) 3:42
The Christmas Song 3:41
Vou Tentar 3:32
Silver Bells 2:58
Pinheiro Verde de Natal (Oh Christmas Tree) 3:26
I'll Be Home for Christmas 2:56
Avé Maria (Gounod) 2:48
Pinheiro da VIda (Little Town) 2:48
References
Cuca Roseta albums
2018 albums
Portuguese-language albums
Sony Music albums
The Bourbon Argos is an anchor handling tug supply vessel from the oil & gas offshore marine servicing company Bourbon Offshore Greenmar, and sails under the Luxembourg flag.
The ship was chartered to Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) in 2015. The organization equipped Bourbon Argos as a sea rescue ship.
Description
The ship is a -long anchor handling tug. The ship is propelled by two four-stroke eight-cylinder diesel engines made by Maschinenbau Kiel (MaK), each with an output of . The motors act on two variable-pitch propellers, both of which are mounted in a ducted enclosure. The ship also has two transverse thrust control systems in the bow and another transverse thrust control system in the stern area. Two shaft generators with an output of 1600 kW each (apparent power 2000 kVA), two auxiliary generators with each 350 kW output (apparent power 438 kVA) and an emergency generator with 72 kW output (apparent power 90 kVA) are available for the power supply.
The ship has a dynamic positioning system (DP 2). The bollard pull of the ship is 136 t. The ship has a open working deck behind the superstructure. A total of 800 t of goods and equipment can be carried here. The deck can be loaded with 5t/m2. There are six single cabins, eight double cabins, two four-bed cabins and a hospital on board. A total of 30 people can be accommodated in the cabins.
Construction and career
Bourbon Argos was built under construction number 356 at Bharati Shipyard Limited, Ratnagiri and completed in April 2013.
In 2015 the ship was converted for use as a rescue ship. Containers were set up on deck with an emergency room, an examination room, a dressing room, a room for hygiene materials and a store; a morgue was also set up. The ship is operated by the Maltese organization Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) and MSF. The Bourbon Argos can take 300 to 350 people on board. A team of doctors, nurses, logisticians, water and sanitation experts and intercultural mediators is on board. 15 nautical crew members are responsible for the ship's technology. In addition to medical help for boat refugees in the Mediterranean, relief supplies are distributed to those who have been rescued.
On 9 May 2015, the ship left the port of Augusta, Sicily, for a four-month SAR campaign in the Mediterranean. On 6 August, more than 613 people were saved. Together with the second ship of MOAS, the motor yacht , a refugee boat was saved from capsizing by convincing those occupants who could swim to jump into the water and hold on to inflatable life buoys. The refugees came, among others, from Syria, Eritrea and Bangladesh.
On 17 August 2016, an unknown ship fired several shots in the direction of the Bourbon Argos, which was located around off the Libyan coast. The MSF staff claimed that the ship was hit in the area of the bridge and that they then withdrew to the ship's shelter while strangers searched the ship. A Libyan Coast Guard commander later stated that warning shots were fired when the Bourbon Argos failed to comply with a request to identify themselves.
References
External links
Data sheet of the ship, Bourbon Offshore (PDF file, 1.8 MB)
Sea rescue organizations
European migrant crisis
Immigrant rights activism
Humanitarian aid organizations in Europe
Refugee aid organizations in Europe
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Wataru Midori. It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Weekly Big Comic Spirits from October 2019 to November 2020, with its chapters collected in five tankōbon volumes.
Publication
Written and illustrated by Wataru Midori, Run on Your New Legs was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Weekly Big Comic Spirits from October 28, 2019, to November 16, 2020. Shogakukan collected its chapters in five tankōbon volumes, released from February 28, 2020, to December 25, 2020.
In North America, the manga was licensed for English release by Yen Press. The first volume was released on March 22, 2022.
Volume list
References
External links
Amputees in fiction
Prosthetics in fiction
Seinen manga
Shogakukan manga
Sports anime and manga
Yen Press titles
George Otto Wirz (January 17, 1929 – November 23, 2010) served as a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Madison, Wisconsin and titular bishop of Municipa.
Biography
Born in Monroe, Wisconsin, Wirz was ordained to the priesthood for the Madison Diocese on May 31, 1952. Bishop Wirz was the founding rector of the Holy Name Seminary.
On December 20, 1977, they were appointed auxiliary bishop of the Madison Diocese and was consecrated on March 9, 1978.
Bishop Wirz retired on February 10, 2004, and died in Madison, Wisconsin at age 81.
Notes
1929 births
2010 deaths
20th-century American Roman Catholic titular bishops
21st-century American Roman Catholic titular bishops
People from Monroe, Wisconsin
People from Madison, Wisconsin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Madison
Catholics from Wisconsin
Eashwar Mime Co. is a Hindi drama film directed and produced by Shyamanand Jalan based on Dibyendu Palit's short story, Mukabhinoy. This film was released on 26 November 2005 under the banner of National Film Development Corporation. Though the movie did not receive a commercial release, it was screened at Durban International Film Festival, the 3 Continents Festival and the Kolkata Film Festival.
Plot
This is the story of a megalomaniac mime director named Eashwar.  They are the owner, manager and director of Eashwar Mime Co.
Cast
Vijay Tendulkar
Ashish Vidyarthi as Eashwar
Pawan Malhotra as Chitrarth Roy
Prem Prakash Modi
References
External links
2005 films
2000s Hindi-language films
2005 drama films
Indian drama films
Films with screenplays by Vijay Tendulkar
Films based on Indian novels
Films based on short fiction
Hindi-language drama films
Geoff Brown (born 16 June 1955) is a Canadian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Toronto
The Fairmile A motor launch was a type of motor launch designed by Fairmile Marine for the Royal Navy.
Development
Shortly before the Second World War the British industrialist Noel Macklin submitted to the Admiralty an innovative plan for the series production of a motor launch (vessels for harbour defence and submarine chasing). The design used prefabricated parts, which allowed various small concerns, such as furniture and piano manufacturers, to produce the individual components. These components could then be assembled in separate shipyards. The hull was to be made of double diagonal mahogany planking with plywood frames divided into nine watertight compartments.
The Admiralty rejected the concept, and so the prototype was built as a private venture. In July 1939, two months before the outbreak of war, the Admiralty had a change of heart and awarded Macklin a contract to build eleven further Type A Fairmiles.
Service
The first vessel (ML100) was not completed until May 1940 because of handling problems at low speeds, although the subsequent boats had all entered service by July. Their role was to be anti-submarine escorts in coastal waters, but, once the better Fairmile B motor launches began to enter service in the autumn of 1940, the Type A boats were converted to minelayers.
See also
Fairmile B motor launch
Fairmile C motor gun boat
Fairmile D motor torpedo boat
Fairmile H landing craft
Coastal Forces of the Royal Navy
References
Allied Coastal Forces of World War Two, Volume I : Fairmile designs and US Submarine Chasers - by John Lambert and Al Ross - 1990,
External links
The origins of the Fairmiles
Allied Coastal Forces of World War II
Fairmile A and C types
Auxiliary search and rescue ship classes
Gunboat classes
Gunboats of the Royal Navy
Military boats
Patrol boat classes
Ship classes of the Royal Navy
Submarine chaser classes
PorYes is the name of the first European feminist porn movie award. For the first time in 2009, feminist European porn directors were awarded in Berlin. With the "oyster-trophy" porn movies are awarded that show mainly female desire and care about a variety of sexuality. Furthermore, mainly women should be involved in the production of the film. The PorYes was also established as a cachet for feminist porn.
The women participating and initiating the event see themselves as part of the "sex-positive women's movement". The festival is arranged by Laura Méritt who runs a feminist sex-shop and the Berlin network "Freudenfluss", which supports "holistic and manifold lust and love styles". A famous supporter of "PorYes" is the German left-wing newspaper "taz".
The initiators of the feminist porno film prize wanted it to contribute to positive sexual enlightenment. Therefore, they wanted to establish "PorYes" as a certificate to differentiate "the typical, largely sexist and cliché porn from the women- and human-oriented sex-positive porn productions." Thus, the Feminist Porno Film Prize awards special productions and also the life-work of people who try to contribute to this sex-positive depiction of women in porn. Awarded genres are, for example: "Sex documentation (documentaries), sexperts (educational films), feature films with sex scenes, sexual orientations (like heterotica, lesbirotica, queerotica or transporno), particular practices like safe sex porn or sexual competence and general excitement, intelligent porn (with dialogues), more remotely special stories, sound, or even a business prize for successful women in the porn industry."
Aim
The festival initiators wanted to revolutionize mainstream porn industries. They have tried to set certain standards of artificial and representative integrity by promoting feminist porn movies. For the PorYes jury, it is especially important that female desire and pleasure is an essential part of the movie, whereas "in mainstream porn the women often look weary and worn out, as if they come from an area of conflict (…)." Porn awarded by PorYes should ideally show more varieties of female desire than mainstream porn does. Moreover, the movies should not lead straightly, or care mainly about, the male orgasm. It is the aim of the awards to show sex-positive depictions of all genders and to celebrate the variety of sexual orientations and bodies.
Background
Since the 1970s, there has been a wing of the women's movement, called sexpositive feminism, advocating for the positive portrayal of sexuality in pornography. While there were, in the 1980s, the so-called "Feminist Sex Wars" mainly in the Anglo-Saxon realm, continental European feminists were more in agreement. Although there were campaigns against porn, for example the famous PorNo campaign of the popular German feminist Alice Schwarzer in 1987, a different view towards the theme developed on which the sexpositive feminism movement can be founded. PorYes also states that "a sexpositive stance often grew out of, or even concurrently shaped, an antipornographic stance.“
New research also shows a new interest of women in porn movies within the last 30 years. This might be the consequence of the changing sexual morality in more recent years, which influenced the sexual behavior of women. For example, the Danish production firm "Innocent Pictures" reacts to that new development, and they try to make porn especially for women, which is called "HeartCore". There even exists a manifest, which constitutes what kind of sex may be shown in the movie, so that women can enjoy the porn. Although there are more sex toys and mainstream porn, which are especially produced for women, PorYes states that this does not "change the fact that the majority of leading products are produced under unethical work conditions, often at the cost of the environment.“ So, PorYes set certain criteria for feminist porno movies to inform the public and support discussion.
Criteria
PorYes has created certain criteria for feminist porn movies:
A sex-positive attitude, no de-humanising or misogynistic portrayals.
Roles in collusion with those involved / no crossing of personal borders.
Ethical work conditions and safe sex is encouraged.
Those involved will be shown in relation to one another – eye, skin, hand, and body contact, energy exchange.
Emotions and declarations of love are encouraged, doable, and showable.
Diverse camera settings, light and shadow games.
Variations of sexual practices in joyful transitions, not an achievement test, broadening of the stereotypically portrayed spectrum.
A variety of body types, ages, genders, sexual orientations and ethnic backgrounds.
Authentic sound recordings or music. No gender-stereotypical amplified dubbing of moaning.
Portrayal of lust and pleasure, focus on female lust and its diversity.
No schematic portrayals of the "sexual curve" – that is to say no straight zoom in on the male ejaculation, no emphasis of the male cum shot. Orgasms are not the only goal.
Women are significantly involved in the production of the film as producers, directors, or camerawomen.
Initiator
The porn festival is mainly arranged by "Sexklusivitäten", a special sex shop for women in Berlin, where sexual lectures and workshops, especially for women, are held. "Sexklusivitäten" characterizes itself as "the first women-oriented sex-business and the sexual communication center of Europe". Owner of the shop and main initiator of the PorYes event is Laura Méritt, who has a PhD in the science of social communication and wide experience as a sexologist. They call themselves a "sex-worker" or "sex-expert". They also founded a lesbian escort service in Berlin. Laura Méritt stands for the acceptance of different forms of relationships (e.g. polygamy) and also for the use of healthy materials for sex toys.
History
The "mother" of the European feminist porn festival are the "Good For Them Feminist Porn Awards“ in Toronto, Canada. The festival is arranged by the women sex-shop “Good For Her", which was founded in 2006.
The principles for the awarded movies are similar to the European ones:
A woman had a hand in the production, writing, direction, etc. of the work.
It depicts genuine female pleasure.
It expands the boundaries of sexual representation on film and challenges stereotypes that are often found in mainstream porn.
Overall, Feminist Porn Award winners tend to show movies that consider a female viewer from start to finish.
The PorYes festival also sees itself in the tradition of the "Pornfilmfestival Berlin", which also distances itself from mainstream porn and showcases alternative porn. For example, "SEXJUNKIE" of the German filmmaker Julia Ostertag, which was shown there in 2006.
Like PorYes, this festival, and also the world's biggest, annual, mainstream erotic-fair "Venus", are usually held in Berlin in October.
PorYes 2011
The second PorYes festival took place in October 2011 in Berlin at the "Hackesche Höfe Cinema". Awards for the best works went to Catherine Breillat, Rusty Cave, Mia Engberg and Emilie Jouvet.
Breillat is a French author and filmmaker, whose work focuses on sexual identity, social criticism and eroticism. Cave, from England, creates "Sex-Comedies", which show European lesbian porn, and the Swedish Mia Engberg wrote the script for "Dirty Diaries", a collection of diverse Swedish feminist porn funded by the Swedish state. Emilie Jouvet is a filmmaker and photographer from Paris, who has already won an award in 2006 for their first queer-porn "One-Night Stand". In 2011, their documentary about a European X-Road-Show by female sex activists was shown in Berlin. The event was under the patronage of Ula Stöckl, a feminist filmmaker living and teaching in Orlando. They also are part of the jury, which consists of five women, all involved in feminist porn from a cultural or practical point of view. PorYes was presented by Margaret von Schiller, an experienced film producer and also coordinator of the "International Film Festival Berlin".
Criticism
There are critics of the feminist porn films, who state that feminist porn is as much interfering men as mainstream porn interferes women. German ethnographer Sabine Lüdtke-Pilger, who has mainly examined female pornography from directors Petra Joy and Jessica Nilsson ("All About Anna") for their book "Porno statt PorNO" ("Porno instead of PorNO"), shares this point of view. They also criticize the cinematic quality of the porn. Reason for that might be that the feminist porn was not naturally formed like other film genres. So, Lüdtke-Pilger cannot find a cinematic and artificial image language in the porn: “The feminist porn often communicates a stereotype image of the genders and tries to follow every feminist rule until desire disappears.”
References
External links
PorYes-Award in English
Sex-positive feminism
Awards established in 2009
Pornographic film awards
Feminist pornography
The Zimbabwe cricket team toured Bangladesh in October 2018 to play two Tests and three One Day International (ODI) matches. Bangladesh won the ODI series 3–0. Bangladesh's regular Test captain, Shakib Al Hasan, was unavailable due to injury. Therefore, Mahmudullah was named as captain of the squad in their absence.
Originally the tour was scheduled to take place in January and February 2019. However, in May 2018, it was announced that the series could be moved to October 2018, because of security concerns around the Bangladeshi general election, scheduled to take place at the same time. In July 2018, both the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) and Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) confirmed that it would be brought forward to October 2018. The fixtures were confirmed later in July 2018, with the Sylhet International Cricket Stadium scheduled to host its first Test match. During the first Test, it became Bangladesh's eighth Test venue.
Zimbabwe won the first Test by 151 runs. It was only their third away win in Tests and their first away win since 2001. Zimbabwe's last win in a Test match was five years earlier, against Pakistan in Harare. Bangladesh won the second Test by 218 runs, therefore drawing the series 1–1.
Squads
After the initial squads were announced, Sikandar Raza was added to Zimbabwe's side for both the Test and ODI matches. Soumya Sarkar was added to Bangladesh's squad for the third ODI. Richard Ngarava was ruled out of Zimbabwe's squad for the two Tests, with Christopher Mpofu replacing him.
Tour matches
50 over match: Bangladesh Cricket Board XI vs Zimbabwe
Three-day match: Bangladesh Cricket Board XI vs Zimbabwe
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
Notes
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2018 in Bangladeshi cricket
2018 in Zimbabwean cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
Zimbabwean cricket tours of Bangladesh
Oskar Steinvik (10 April 1908 - 24 August 1975) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
They served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the term 1958–1961.
On the local level Steinvik was mayor of Frøya municipality from 1968 to their death in 1975.
References
1908 births
1975 deaths
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of Frøya, Sør-Trøndelag
Shervon Jack (born 6 November 1986) is a Saint Lucian international football player who plays as a defender for Northern United All Stars in the Saint Lucia Gold Division. They previously played for Joe Public in the TT Pro League and for South East Castries in the Saint Lucia Gold Division.
Jack made their international debut for Saint Lucia starting against the Turks and Caicos Islands in the 2–1 World Cup 2010 qualifier defeat on 6 February 2008. Their second cap was against the Turks and Caicos Islands again in the second leg of qualifying in the 2–0 victory, when they came on as a sub in the 89th minute on 26 March 2008.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Saint Lucian footballers
Saint Lucia international footballers
Saint Lucian expatriate footballers
Joe Public F.C. players
TT Pro League players
Expatriate footballers in Trinidad and Tobago
Saint Lucian expatriate sportspeople in Trinidad and Tobago
Vempers Sports Athletic Dramatic Club players
Weak may refer to:
Songs
"Weak" (AJR song), 2016
"Weak" (Melanie C song), 2011
"Weak" (SWV song), 1993
"Weak" (Skunk Anansie song), 1995
"Weak", a song by Seether from Seether: 2002-2013
Television episodes
"Weak" (Fear the Walking Dead)
"Weak" (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit)
See also
Stephen Uroš V of Serbia (1336–1371), also known as Stefan Uroš the Weak, King of Serbia and Emperor of the Serb and Greeks
Kenyan Weaks (born 1977), American retired basketball player
Weakness (disambiguation)
Week
The Morris Marshal is a large six-cylinder vehicle which was produced by the British Motor Corporation (Australia) between 1957 and 1960. The car was a Morris branded version of the Austin Westminster which was marketed by BMC Australia's Austin dealers as the Austin A95 Westminster. Production totaled 1,341 sedans, 54 Traveller wagons and 30 panel vans.
References
Further reading
Dennis Harrison, Morris Marshal 1957–1960, Restored Cars, No 91, March–April 1992, page 20
Marshal
Cars introduced in 1957
Cars of Australia
Sentinel () is a sculpture by Tim Tolkien, installed upon Spitfire Island, a roundabout at the intersection of the Chester Road and the A47 Fort Parkway at the entrance to the Castle Vale estate in Birmingham, England.
It is near Junction 5 of the M6 motorway and the present day Jaguar Cars plant (the former Castle Bromwich aircraft factory). It shows three Supermarine Spitfires peeling off up into the air in different directions. The half-scale Spitfires are made of aluminium, with curving steel supporting beams which act as vapour trails. It captures the dynamics of the Spitfire in flight and commemorates the nearby Castle Bromwich factory where most of Britain's wartime Spitfires were built.
There are proposals to move the sculpture to a new site, near its current location, to allow for road widening.
History
The award-winning project began in 1997 as part of the regeneration of Castle Vale estate. Using National Lottery funding, Tolkien was appointed as artist in residence. They consulted with Castle Vale residents about an art feature and found that they were inspired above all else by the area's air history, during World War II, and favoured a sculpture featuring Spitfires. The sculpture was opened on 14 November 2000. The sculptor is the great-nephew of J. R. R. Tolkien (the author of The Lord of the Rings, who grew up in Birmingham).
The main commercial sponsors of the spitfire sculpture were from Jaguar, Rubery Owen Holdings and Cincinnati. Both Cincinnati and Rubery Owen Holdings made component parts for the Spitfires which were assembled by Jaguar at their factory, the former Castle Bromwich Spitfire and Avro Lancaster bomber factory.
The Castle Bromwich Aerodrome Factory was built in 1940 to produce planes for the war effort. These were mostly Spitfires (almost 12,000 were made there, from 1940 to 1945) and Lancaster bombers. Over 37,000 test flights were made from Castle Bromwich Aerodrome, the planes being towed across the road from the factory to the Aerodrome when completed. The Chief Test Pilot throughout this period, Alex Henshaw, unveiled the sculpture.
The aerodrome site and the adjacent British Industries Fair site (forerunner of the nearby National Exhibition Centre) are now wholly taken up by the Castle Vale estate.
References
External links
Sentinel Spitfire website
Sentinel - a Spitfire sculpture
Google Maps Street View of the Sculpture
Outdoor sculptures in England
History of Birmingham, West Midlands
Transport in Birmingham, West Midlands
2000 sculptures
Steel sculptures in England
Aluminium sculptures in the United Kingdom
Sculptures in Birmingham, West Midlands
Arzachena Academy Costa Smeralda is an Italian association football club located in Arzachena, Sardinia. The club currently play in Serie D, the fourth tier of Italian football.
History
The club was founded in 1964.
In the season 2002–2003 the club was promoted to Serie D and won promotion to Serie C as Group G champions in the 2016–17 Serie D season.
The club was liquidated in 2019 due to financial issues, and refounded that same year under the ownership of entrepreneur and Spezia majority stakeholder Gabriele Volpi, restarting from Serie D.
Colours and badge
The colors of the club are white and green.
Current squad
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1964
Football clubs in Sardinia
Italian football clubs established in 1964
The 2020–21 Florida A&M Rattlers basketball team represented Florida A&M University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rattlers, led by fourth-year head coach Robert McCullum, played their home games at the Al Lawson Center in Tallahassee, Florida as members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference. With the creation of divisions to cut down on travel due to the COVID-19 pandemic, they played in the Southern division. They finished the season 8–12, 7–5 in MEAC play to finish in second place in the Southern division. They lost to Morgan State in the quarterfinals of the MEAC Tournament.
The season marked the final season for Florida A&M as members of the MEAC as they rejoined the Southwestern Athletic Conference in 2021.
Previous season
The Rattlers finished the 2019–20 season 12–15, 10–6 in MEAC play to finish in a tie for fourth place. Florida A&M was ineligible for postseason play due to improper certification of student-athletes.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| MEAC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| MEAC Tournament
|-
Sources
References
Florida A&M Rattlers basketball seasons
Florida AandM Rattlers
Florida AandM Rattlers basketball
Florida AandM Rattlers basketball
Aaron Sopher (1905–1972) was an American artist who is known for their depictions of Baltimore, United States.
Early life and education
Aaron Sopher, the tenth of the thirteen children of Samuel A. Sopher and Jennie Saperstein, was born in East Baltimore, Maryland, on December 16, 1905. Their father owned a small cigar factory and tobacco shop near the Baltimore harbor. Sopher attended Maryland Institute of Fine and Applied Arts, now known as the Maryland Institute College of Art, where they trained with Alon Bement, the director of the institution. When a new director replaced Bement, Aaron Sopher was not awarded their diploma in 1925 due to their frequent absences and lack of discipline.
Work
Following their stint at the Maryland Institute of Fine and Applied Arts, Sopher worked as a freelance illustrator for The Baltimore Sun, where their drawings began to appear regularly. In 1927, they received their first large commission from the newspaper to illustrate a story about the Baltimore waterfront, which was the first illustration to bring them wide recognition. Sopher then moved to New York City in 1929 where they resided until 1931. Their cartoons appeared in The New Yorker, and their sketches of week were often included in The New Masses, a leftist publication devoted to social commentary.
During the Depression, Sopher portrayed the devastation faced by the American people. Several of their ink drawings and watercolors from this period were done under the auspices of Writers Sapos, a program for public works projects administered in Maryland.
Publication and exhibition
Sopher's work appeared in prominent magazines and newspapers such as Harper's Magazine, Johns Hopkins Magazine (pub. Johns Hopkins University), The Wall Street Journal, The New Yorker, and Vanity Fair. Sopher's drawings and watercolors have been featured in exhibitions at Maryland Institute College of Art, Carnegie Institute, Corcoran Gallery of Art, Art Institute of Chicago, San Francisco Museum of Art, Denver Art Museum, Library of Congress, and New York Public Library. During their career, they were supported by many Baltimore and Washington, D.C. institutions such as the Corcoran, the Peale Museum, and the Baltimore Museum of Art.
References
External links
"Three Drawings by Aaron Sopher from the Evening Sun." The Baltimore Museum of Art.
Editorial on Aaron Sopher's second place win in The Evening Sun sketch contest from the Evening Sun, December 6, 1947. The Baltimore Museum of Art.
Calendar drawn by Aaron Sopher, May–August 1949. The Baltimore Museum of Art.
"Letter written to Aaron Sopher from J. Blankfard Martenent, February 28, 1949." The Baltimore Museum of Art.
"9th Annual Maryland Show no.9." Enoch Pratt Free Library.
1905 births
1972 deaths
Artists from Baltimore
American watercolorists
American satirists
Comedians from Maryland
Maryland Institute College of Art alumni
20th-century American Jews
Dominion Derby Girls is a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The Dominion Derby Girls is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA.
History and organization
Home bouts for DDG are held at the Haygood Skating Center in Virginia Beach, their home skating rink. The DDG participates in various charity and fundraising events around the Hampton Roads area, including the annual Polar Plunge, various Breast Cancer Awareness fundraisers, and St. Baldricks Foundation.
Dominion was announced as a new member of the WFTDA in May 2007.
WFTDA competition
In 2008, Dominion qualified for the WFTDA Eastern Regional Tournament for the first time as the lowest seed, however they withdrew from the tournament in advance due to skater availability and costs. The following year, Dominion again qualified for the Eastern Regional Tournament, this time as the tenth seed, but lost all three of their games and ultimately finished in tenth place after a 156-57 loss to CT RollerGirls.
Rankings
Teams
Active teams
The Dominion Derby Girls league is composed of two teams which play interleague bouts: the Stars and the Seven City Sirens (B-team). The Stars compete with other WFTDA member teams in sanctioned bouts for rankings. The Sirens compete against other leagues' B-teams or WFTDA apprentice leagues.
Former teams
In previous years DDG has had home teams who competed against each other and were composed of skaters from both the Stars and Seven City Sirens. Those teams included the St. Brawli Girls, Dirty Diesel Darlins, and Femmes Fatales. As of the 2012 season, the home teams had been dissolved.
References
External links
Official Website
"Super Heroes on Skates"
Roller derby leagues in Virginia
Women's sports in the United States
Sports in Virginia Beach, Virginia
Roller derby leagues established in 2006
2006 establishments in Virginia
Barbara Uthmann (born around 1514 in Annaberg in the Ore Mountains in Germany; died 14 January 1575, also in Annaberg) was considered to be one of the greatest supporters of bobbin lace making (probably incorrectly, as explained by Reinhart Unger in their work, Barbara Uthmann und ihre Zeit) and was a successful business person in the Ore Mountains. Them last name has sometimes been spelled Uttmann, but the spelling Uthmann is generally considered to be correct today.
Life
They were the daughter of Heinrich von Elterlein and successfully continued the business of their deceased husband, Christoph Uthmann, but failed as a result of intrigue by their competition. They were thus forced to look for another field of activity. It cannot be historically proven that they actually had bobbin lace made as a cottage industry (commonly referred to as manufacturing at that time), but it can be proven that they were active as a manufacturer of braids. At times, they employed 900 braid makers. After their death, they left behind a considerable life's work and is still counted today as one of the extraordinary personalities of the Ore Mountains.
Monuments to Barbara Uthmann
In 1885, a bronze figure of Uthmann was cast for the town of Annaberg by the Dresden sculptor, Professor Eduard Robert Henze. It served as an acknowledgement to Barbara Uthmann, who was considered to be the instigator of the second industrial boom (after silver mining) in the history of the Ore Mountains.
In the second half of the 1930s, a child died while playing at the edge of the Barbara Uthmann fountain and the water was removed from the pool. It was filled with earth and planted afterwards.
In the Second World War, the bronze figure was melted down for armaments production (30 July 1942).
On 12 November 1998, after two polls, it was decided that the Barbara Uthmann monument should be erected again. After collecting donations for ten years, a replica of the Henze monument was erected in the market square at Annaberg-Buchholz on 2 October 2002. On this occasion, the Uthmann family celebrated a family reunion in Annaberg-Buchholz. Over 60 descendants witnessed the official opening of the fountain and signed the golden book of the town.
There is also a Barbara-Uthmann monument in the market square of Elterlein.
Honours
In 2003, Planetoid 1998 CA, discovered on 1 February 1998, by the Drebach Observatory in the Ore Mountains, was named after Barbara Uthmann. The planetoid, which is now officially called Uthmann (312231), orbits the sun between the planets of Mars and Jupiter.
References
Continue reading
External links
Barbara Uthmann und das Klöppeln (in German)
Joachim Mehnert Barbara Uthmann: eine ungewöhnliche Frau (book overview) (in German)
1510s births
1575 deaths
Lace
Ore Mountains
16th-century German business persons
Medardo Lamberti (29 June 1890 – 21 March 1986) was an Italian rower. They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
External links
1890 births
1986 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Piacenza
European Rowing Championships medalists
Cory Bishop is a U.S. Virgin Islands soccer player who played as a defender or midfielder. They have gained one international cap for the United States Virgin Islands national soccer team.
Early career
They attended Good Hope High School, where they were captain of their high-school soccer team, winning two consecutive St. Croix championships.
Bishop represented U.S. Virgin Islands soccer team at under-16 and under-18 level, as well representing the U.S. Virgin Islands volleyball team at under-18 and under-20 levels.
International career
Bishop made their international debut for the U.S. Virgin Islands starting against Grenada Islands in the 10–0 World Cup 2010 qualifier defeat on 26 March 2008.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands
United States Virgin Islands soccer players
Bucknell Bison men's soccer players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
United States Virgin Islands international soccer players
Grand Master Hong Sung-chon (May 3, 1945) is an early proponent of Taekwondo in the Philippines. Many filipino champions, such as Monsour Del Rosario, Samuel Morrison, Jordan Dominguez and Elaine Alora have been produced under their tutelage.  They are a director of the Kukiwon's List of Grand Masters.  They are the Vice-President of the Philippine Taekwondo Association.
References
External links
Igorot champion Dominguez thanks GM Hong
Monsour del Rosario, Olympian Stephen Fernandez expected to grace DELTA's 40th year
Master Monsour under GM Hong's tutelage
Elections in Taekwondo Committee
Taekwondo in its early stage
Taekwondo in the Philippines
South Korean expatriates in the Philippines
Living people
South Korean male taekwondo practitioners
1945 births
Covasna is a town in Covasna County, Transylvania, Romania.
Covasna may also refer to:
Covasna County
Covasna (Jijia), a tributary of the Jijia
Covasna (Râul Negru), a tributary of the Râul Negru
Covasna, a village in Costuleni, Iași, Romania
See also
Cobasna, a town in Moldova controlled by Transnistria
Maurício Donizete Ramos Júnior (born April 10, 1985 in Piracicaba) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back who plays for XV de Piracicaba.
Honours
Club
Coritiba
Paraná State Championship: 2008
Palmeiras
Copa do Brasil: 2012
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Iraty Sport Club players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Sharjah FC players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Adanaspor footballers
Çaykur Rizespor footballers
Al-Sailiya SC players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
UAE Pro League players
TFF First League players
Qatar Stars League players
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Association football defenders
People from Piracicaba
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Abdullah Mohannad Abdel-Rahman Al-Attar (; born 4 October 1992) is a Jordanian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Hussein.
International career
Al-Attar's first appearance with the Jordan national senior team was against Hong Kong in a friendly match on 23 March 2017 at Amman, which resulted in a 4–0 victory for Jordan.
International goals
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Jordan youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Association football utility players
Sportspeople from Amman
Al-Faisaly SC players
Al-Jazeera (Jordan) players
Al-Hussein SC (Irbid) players
Shabab Al-Ordon Club players
Jordanian Pro League players
More of Tom Lehrer was the second studio album recorded by musical satirist Tom Lehrer. The LP contains the same songs (in the same sequence) as the live album An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer, which was recorded and released earlier in the same year. The album was recorded and mixed in a single three-hour session at the RCA Studios in New York on July 8, 1959.
When Reprise Records took over the distribution of Lehrer's works in the 1960s, they chose to represent Lehrer's 1959 material with the live versions of An Evening Wasted, and as a consequence More of... remained out of print for several decades. It was eventually reissued by Rhino Records as part of the 1997 album Songs & More Songs by Tom Lehrer and in the 2000 box set The Remains of Tom Lehrer. Although More of... was originally released in monophonic and stereo versions, the producers of the Rhino releases opted for the mono mix.
Track listing
Side 1
"Poisoning Pigeons in the Park"
"Bright College Days"
"A Christmas Carol"
"The Elements" (music by Arthur Sullivan)
"Oedipus Rex"
"In Old Mexico"
Side 2
"Clementine"
"It Makes a Fellow Proud to Be a Soldier"
"She's My Girl"
"The Masochism Tango"
"We Will All Go Together When We Go"
References
1959 albums
Tom Lehrer albums
1950s comedy albums
Self-released albums
Tomislav Turčin (born 31 May 1997) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Aluminij.
Club career
Born in Vinkovci, Turčin spent their youth years with several hometown clubs, mainly Cibalia. They made their senior debut for Cibalia on 28 February 2015, coming on as a substitute in matchday 19 of the 2014–15 Croatian Second Football League.
In October 2015, they signed a contract with Rijeka until June 2019. Rijeka loaned Turčin back to Cibalia until the end of the 2015–16 season. In July 2017, Turčin was sent on a season-long loan to Rudeš. They made their Croatian First Football League debut for Rudeš on 16 July 2017 against Osijek.
In June 2018, they were sent on another season-long loan, this time to Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina club Široki Brijeg. They made their debut for Široki Brijeg on 22 July 2018, in a 1–0 home win against league newcomers Tuzla City.
After Široki Brijeg, Turčin was again sent on a season-long loan, this time to Croatian First League club Varaždin.
Turčin scored their first goal for Rijeka on 7 October 2020 in a cup tie against Dilj.
International career
During 2016, Turčin collected five caps for Croatia's under-19 side. They scored their first international goal in the 2016 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualifier against Scotland.
Honours
Cibalia
Croatian Second League: 2015–16
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vinkovci
Croatian footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
Croatia under-21 international footballers
Association football wingers
HNK Cibalia players
HNK Rijeka players
NK Rudeš players
NK Široki Brijeg players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb II players
NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac players
NK Aluminij players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Croatian Football League players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Kempe Glacier () is a short alpine glacier in Antarctica, bounded on the north by Dismal Ridge and on the south by the Mount Kempe – Mount Dromedary ridge, whose chief nourishment is névé fields on the north slopes of Mount Kempe. The glacier drains northeast toward Roaring Valley. It was named by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, for its association with Mount Kempe.
References
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Craig T. Clemmensen is an American government official serving as Director of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development's Departmental Enforcement Center. They were Acting Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from late January to early March 2017 during the transition of the Trump Administration.  They are a member of the Republican Party.
They have worked in the Department of Housing and Urban Development since 1998, initially as part of the management team that established the Departmental Enforcement Center. They moved to the Federal Housing Administration Office of Housing in 2002, and then returned to the Departmental Enforcement Center as its director in May 2010. They hold a bachelor's degree from Rider University.
References
Rider University alumni
Trump administration cabinet members
United States Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Khn'nr is a fictional alien character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. They were a Skrull sleeper agent posing as the Kree Captain Mar-Vell (also known as Captain Marvel).
The shapeshifting Skrull Khn'nr was bonded with the DNA of Mar-Vell to lock their body into Mar-Vell's form and given technological replicas of the Kree Nega-Bands. However, their mental conditioning was botched, causing Khn'nr's personality to be erased and leaving the Mar-Vell persona dominant. Though part of the Skrull invasion of Earth, this Captain Marvel decides to fight against the invading Skrulls.
Publication history
In 2007, Mar-Vell supposedly returned to the Marvel Universe during Marvel's Civil War crossover storyline. They made their appearance in the "Civil War: The Return" one-shot, in a story written by Paul Jenkins. It was later revealed that this was in fact a Skrull named Khn'nr during the 2008 Captain Marvel mini-series, which spun out of the events of their Civil War appearance.
Fictional character biography
As part of the Skrull Secret Invasion, a shapeshifting Skrull called Khn'nr was locked into the shape of Mar-Vell, the first Captain Marvel and given technological replicas of the Kree Nega-Bands to replicate Captain Marvel's powers. Khn'nr received memory implants to turn them into a sleeper agent making them believe they were Captain Marvel supposedly up until the time of the invasion when a psychological trigger would be activated to return them to their Skrull persona.
The real Mar-Vell died of cancer so to explain their comeback from death, a false memory was implanted in the Skrull Mar-Vell to make them believe they had encountered a wrinkle in space-time in the past, supposedly caused by Tony Stark, Hank Pym, and Reed Richards' construction of a prison within the Negative Zone, which Captain Marvel touched and was transported through time to the Negative Zone in the present day. Initially unsure of how to approach the situation, the Earth's heroes revealed Mar-Vell's history to them but also offered them a place in this new future as a warden for their prison, at least until, as the Sentry implicated, Mar-Vell would return to their past.
 They are later called in to help the pro-registration heroes who revived him, in the final battle of Civil War; however upon seeing the chaos they are causing, they depart, to France, where they spend all of their time observing a painting of Alexander the Great in the Louvre and contemplates Alexander's similarities to himself. This painting is meant to be their psychological trigger, but due to an error in the methods of Skrull scientists, Mar-Vell retains their personality and memories prior to their Skrull captivity in their entirety. Most of Khn'nr's personality had accidentally been erased as a byproduct of the botched mental conditioning. Consequently, the Mar-Vell persona remains defiantly dominant.
When the Skrulls realize what happened, other Skrull agents posing as supervillains Cyclone, Cobalt Man, and a team of Kree soldiers unsuccessfully attempt to capture Captain Marvel.
When they learned the truth and became fully aware of their true identity they decide to embrace Mar-Vell's memories and rebel against the Skrulls and protect Earth from their invasion. However, at the same time that Skrull infiltrators strike S.H.I.E.L.D., S.W.O.R.D., the Baxter Building and a number of Stark Enterprises facilities, Captain Marvel launches an attack on Thunderbolt Mountain, deciding that they can destroy some of the things they see as problems in the world, like the Government sanctioned supervillains Thunderbolts, during the initial strike of the Skrulls' invasion. They defeat the Thunderbolts, leaving Norman Osborn to convince Khn'nr that only they can decide who they really are, which leads Khn'nr to attack the Skrull armada. They destroy many of the fleet but is attacked by a Super-Skrull and it nearly kills him.
Barely alive after their effort, they manage to crash back on Earth, crossing Noh-Varr's path, who briefly mistakes them for the original Mar-Vell. Before dying from their wounds, Khn'nr spurs Noh-Varr into continuing Mar-Vell's legacy as the protector of Earth, branding with their dying words the Skrulls as liars and traitors and asking that Noh-Varr defeat the Skrulls and take on the mantle of Captain Marvel, which Noh-Varr does, joining the Dark Avengers under that name.
Powers and abilities
Though a Skrull, Khn'nr has the memories, knowledge, and skills of the Kree, Mar-Vell; presumably including Mar-Vell's Kree military training giving them mastery of all forms of Kree unarmed combat, as well as extensive knowledge of the technologically advanced vehicles and devices of the Kree Empire. It is unknown if the botched mental conditioning has left Khn'nr any of their previous Skrull knowledge.
The Skrulls also developed technological replicas of the Kree Nega-Bands, though it is unknown if these work in the same fashion as the Kree version which converted Mar-Vell's psionic energy into strength, a high degree of imperviousness to harm, the ability to project force blasts, survive in space and the power to fly at faster-than-light speeds, the bands do give them exactly the same powers. They are also fully compatible with the originals, as seen when Ms. Marvel, armed with the original Nega-Bands is able to banish them in the Negative Zone by clicking their wrist on his.
Collected editions
References
External links
Khn'nr at the Marvel Database Project
Captain Marvel (Marvel Comics)
Characters created by Paul Jenkins (writer)
Comics characters introduced in 2007
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics extraterrestrial superheroes
Skrull
Marvel Comics male superheroes
Cameraria picturatella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Maine in the United States.
The larvae feed on Myrica caroliniensis and "Myrica pensylvanica". They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a brownish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
References
External links
Bug Guide
Cameraria (moth)
Leaf miners
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Ruth Hartley is a British-French author and artist.
Biography
Ruth was born on October 31st 1943 to Alfred Stephen London Hartley and Muriel Mavis Hartley (née Burton) in Salisbury (now Harare) in what was the British colony of Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe. They gained a BA in Fine Arts in Cape Town and an MA in Women's Studies in Cambridge. They spent their childhood in Zimbabwe before moving to South Africa in the early 60s to study art. After contravening apartheid laws they had to leave South Africa and sought sanctuary in London, where they studied sociology at the London School of Economics. In 1972, they moved to Zambia with their first husband, Dr. Mike Bush, where they continued to live with their family for 22 years.
Ruth has held many exhibitions of their art work, starting in Zambia in 1980, and subsequently in the UK and France. Them painting, The Bombing of Chinkumbi Camp, is in the Zambia National Museum. In 1984 Ruth was invited to become Managing Director of the Mpapa Gallery, founded in Lusaka by Joan Pilcher and Heather Montgomerie as the first gallery in Zambia promoting the work of Zambian artists. They returned to the UK in 1994 to practice and teach art.
Since moving to France in 2008 Ruth has concentrated on writing. Them work includes novels, short stories, poetry and memoir, all with an environmental and political flavour.
One of Ruth's daughters, Tanvir Bush, is the academic, activist and author of 'Witchgirl' and 'Cull' and their grandson is the political commentator and associate editor at the Financial Times, Stephen Bush.
As of 2021, they live in a rural village in South-West France with their husband John. They continue to write and paint.
Selected works
Selected exhibitions
(1980), Ruth Bush, One-Woman Show, Exhibition, Mpapa Gallery, Lusaka
(1989) Zambia 25 Years on the Frontline, Catalogue, The Africa Centre, London
(2004), Open Studios, Cambridge, Catalogue, p.9
(2005), RaItz, Leper Chapel, Cambridge
(2007), with Hamera, K., M'Other Art: Fame. God, and Women. Deconstructing Damien Hirst., St Peter's Chapel, Cambridge
(2008), with Hamera, K., Finding Fathers New Hall, Cambridge
(2016), Corpus at Peleyre Gallery, St Lanne, France
Further reading
Borm, P., (November 20, 2005), Ruth Hartley: The Fugitive from Rhodesia, Art Beat, The Weekend Mail, Lusaka.
Bruce, A., (2018), International Contemporaneity and the Third Havana Bienal, What is Critical Curating? / Qu'est-ce que le commissariat engagé?, Revue d'art Canadienne / Canadian Art Revue, Association des universités d'art du Canada / Universities' Art Association of Canada, Arnprior, Ont. 43, 2, pp. 25-33.
Ellison G ., (2004) Art in Zambia, Bookworld Publishers, Lusaka
Guez, N. (ed), (1994) Mpapa Gallery, L'Art Africain Contemporain, Edition 1992-1994, Association Dialogue entre les Cultures, p 235.
Hartley, R., as Bush D. Ruth, (1992), ‘The Necessity of Creativity: Zambian Artists, Tradition, Creativity and the Rest of the World', in Zambian Legislation and Practice in Relation to the Preservation of Cultural Property (ed. Zaucha, G), April 1992, Zambia National Committee of the International Council of Museums, Lusaka, pp. 57-62
MacMillan H., (1997), The Life and Art of Stephen Kappata, African Arts, Los Angeles, Vol. 30, 1, Winter 1997, pp. 20-31
MacMillan, H , and Shapiro, F., (2017) Zion in Africa, IB Tauris, London, pp 275 and 281
Mwenya C, (January 10, 2020), Ruth, Cynthia reflect on Mpapa Gallery, Art Yak,, The Weekend Mail, Lusaka.
New Art from Zambia, (1990) Art from The Frontline, Frontline States/Karia Press, London,
'Obituary: Landeg White,1940-2017', (3 April 2018) Journal of Southern African Studies, 44, pp. 531-535
Vladimir Shubin and Daria Zelenova (eds),Oliver Tambo and Kenneth Kaunda: A brief history, (2018) South Africa: Pages of History and Contemporary Politics (Moscow: Institute for African Studies, Russian Academy of Science), pp. 8-14.
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Living people
1943 births
20th-century British artists
20th-century British writers
Marco Rigamonti, is a writer, essayist, novelist and esotericist, born in Treviso on December 27, 1977.
 They are known to lead as grand master, the controversial and mysterious organization known as Priory of Sion since 2016. The Priory of Sion announced on 12 August 2017 its recent new registration as an association, on the occasion of the donation made to the municipality of Rennes-le-Château, during a press conference that took place in the town hall.
Publications
Il Priorato di Sion - Dalla tradizione all'et à moderna -
La Doctrine du Prieuré de Sion -
Rituals and regulations of the Priory of Sion -
Les dossiers secrets du Prieuré De Sion - Henri Lobineau - Introduction de Marco Rigamonti - Grand Maître du Prieuré de Sion - Ordre de la Rose-Croix Véritas O.D.L.R.C.V. (Francese) - Copertina flessibile – 12 March 2020
Il Priorato di Sion presenta: ai piedi del monte, difendendo la rosa: Parabole tra la rosa e la croce (introduzione)
Links
Prieuré de Sion - Ordre de la Rose-Crooix Véritas O.D.L.R.C.V.
Notes
Par ce geste le Prieuré de Sion embrasse Rennes le Château - La Depeche.Fr
Le Prieuré de Sion aujourd'hui - by Johan Netchacovitch
1977 births
Living people
Esotericists
Italian essayists
Italian novelists
John Tweddell (1769–1799) was an English classical scholar and traveller.
Early life
The son of Francis Tweddell, they were born on 1 June 1769 at Threepwood, near Hexham, Northumberland. They were educated at Hartforth school, near Richmond, Yorkshire, under Matthew Raine (father of Matthew Raine FRS), at Hatton, Warwickshire under Samuel Parr, and at Trinity College, Cambridge. They graduated B.A. and won the second chancellor's medal in 1790, proceeding M.A. in 1793. They gained all the Browne medals in 1788 and two of the three in 1789, and the members' prize in 1791. They were elected Fellow of Trinity in 1792.
Tweddell had been a pupil of the reformer Thomas Jones, who had backed them for the fellowship. In a Latin prize essay read out in a crowded Cambridge Senate House in 1792, on the topic An imperium magnum cum æquâ omnium Libertate constare possit? (Can a great empire exist with equal freedom for all?), Tweddell supported liberty.
London radical
Tweddell entered the Middle Temple in 1792. They had acquired a Whig outlook at Parr's house. At that period Tweddell was involved in radical politics, writing to Parr about the formation of the Society of the Friends of the People. Later, in November 1792, they saw darker trends. They had a high opinion of the radical lawyer Felix Vaughan. From 1793 to 1795 they associated with William Godwin, and a radical circle that included William Frend and James Losh.
When Joseph Priestley emigrated to America in 1793, Tweddell (with Frend, Godfrey Higgins and Losh) presented them with an inkstand. Higgins wrote that Tweddell had written the inscription, and took the substantial piece of silver plate, to which many had subscribed, to Priestley with the other three; Higgins had met Tweddell at a "literary club" that year. In July 1794 Tweddell met Isabel Gunning, daughter of Sir Robert Gunning, 1st Baronet, asked them to marry him, and on being refused because Sir Robert would not consent, started a correspondence.
Tweddell took part in the tea party given by Frend for William Wordsworth, recorded in William Godwin's diary, on 27 February 1795. Jenny Uglow characterises the group gathered there as "outspoken radicals", and Tweddell as a "fierce advocate" of reform. They included also George Dyer and Thomas Holcroft. Henry Gunning found Tweddell free with their views, on the early French Revolution, the Pitt administration and the treason trials of 1794, to the point of indiscretion.
Traveller
Intending to become a diplomat, Tweddell started on a European tour in the autumn of 1795, going first to Hamburg with a companion named Webb. They then visited Germany, Switzerland, Russia, Poland, and the Middle East. They met on the way Madame de Staël, Johann Kaspar Lavater and Jacques Necker in Switzerland; Count Rumford; and Lord Whitworth in Moscow.
Tweddell engaged Michel-François Préaulx, a French artist whom they met at Constantinople, to travel with them in Greece, and to assist them in copying architectural detail in Athens; they also drew for Tweddell on Mount Athos. By 1798 the consequences of the French Revolution had brought them disillusion with their previous political hopes, as they wrote to Thomas Bigge. They have sometimes been considered the inspiration of William Wordsworth's poem Lines left upon a Seat in a Yew-tree.
Death
While engaged in their archæological work at Athens, Tweddell died of fever on 25 July 1799. They were buried at their own request in the Theseum. As the result of efforts of Lord Byron and others, a block of marble from the bas-reliefs of the Parthenon was later erected over their grave, with a Greek inscription written by the Rev. Robert Walpole. Memorial verses were composed in Tweddell's honour by scholars of Oxford and Cambridge universities. The epitaph and stone are thought not to have survived the Greek War of Independence.
Works and legacy
In 1792 Tweddell published Prolusiones Juveniles, prize compositions in Greek, Latin, and English. It includes their political views of the time, on freedom and the rights of man: they had spoken in Trinity College Chapel on liberty in 1789. An earlier version contained also a swipe at William Pearce relating to the occasion when Tweddell was beaten into second place for a Cambridge medal by Francis Wrangham; Tweddell removed it for this edition.
Remains
The fate of John Tweddell's journals, paintings and possessions, in wartime conditions, led to a murky scandal fifteen years later.
Notes
External links
Attribution
1769 births
1799 deaths
English classical scholars
Fellows of Trinity College, Cambridge
Writers from Hexham
No to capitulation! () was a series of protests in Ukraine against the policy of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in eastern Ukraine. Protestors considered implementation of the Minsk Agreements through the "" to be capitulation to Russia in the Russo-Ukrainian War.
Origins
Steinmeier Formula
The is named after former German foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier. In 2016, Steinmeier proposed that elections be held in the separatist-held territories of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which are de facto controlled by Russian-backed separatists and governed as the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). Steinmeier wanted these elections to be held according to Ukrainian law, under the supervision of the OSCE. If the OSCE were to judge the balloting to be free and fair and the result were in favor of remaining within Ukraine, then Ukraine would be returned control of the regions under a special self-governing status.
Ukrainian agreement with Steinmeier Formula
On 1 October 2019, Russian media announced that the Ukrainian delegation had signed the Steinmeier Formula at the regular meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group on Ukraine. A few hours later, the Presidential Office announced an urgent briefing. At the briefing, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that Ukraine had agreed to the plan.
Separatist militants in the occupied Donbass consequently stated that Ukraine signing these agreements was "a victory for the DPR and the LPR over Ukraine". Russia supported the signing of the formula, claiming it was "a positive step in resolving the situation in Donbass."
See also
2014 Ukrainian revolution
References
External links
October 2019 events in Ukraine
November 2019 events in Ukraine
December 2019 events in Ukraine
Protests in Ukraine
2019 in Ukraine
2019 protests
War in Donbas
Hennaya District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Vice-Admiral Charles Andrew Fountaine, CB, DL, JP (25 May 1879 – 24 March 1946) was a Royal Navy officer during the First World War.
Fountaine was born at Narford Hall, Norfolk. They joined the Royal Navy in 1893, and was a Lieutenant when in early 1900 they were posted to the destroyer HMS Fairy, serving in the Devonport Instructional flotilla. They later served with distinction during the First World War, first as a gunnery officer on HMS Lion, and latterly in command of HMS Cambrian. They were Naval Aide de Camp to King George V from 1925–1926. They were appointed High Sheriff of Norfolk in March 1946, just before their death.
They had married Louisa Constance Catherine (31 August 1890 - 28 December 1968) in 1918. They were the younger daughter of Sir Douglas Maclean, of Hawke's Bay in New Zealand. The Neo-Nazi Andrew Fountaine was their son.
References
1879 births
1946 deaths
Military personnel from Norfolk
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy officers of World War I
People from Breckland District
Companions of the Order of the Bath
High Sheriffs of Norfolk
Charles
In X-ray crystallography, wide-angle X-ray scattering (WAXS) or wide-angle X-ray diffraction (WAXD) is the analysis of Bragg peaks scattered to wide angles, which (by Bragg's law) are caused by sub-nanometer-sized structures. It is an X-ray-diffraction method and commonly used to determine a range of information about crystalline materials. The term WAXS is commonly used in polymer sciences to differentiate it from SAXS but many scientists doing "WAXS" would describe the measurements as Bragg/X-ray/powder diffraction or crystallography.
Wide-angle X-ray scattering is similar to small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) but the increasing angle between the sample and detector is probing smaller length scales. This requires samples to be more ordered/crystalline for information to be extracted. In a dedicated SAXS instrument the distance from sample to the detector is longer to increase angular resolution. Most diffractometers can be used to perform both WAXS and limited SAXS in a single run (small- and wide-angle scattering, SWAXS) by adding a beamstop/knife edge.
Applications
The WAXS technique is used to determine the degree of crystallinity of polymer samples. It can also be used to determine the chemical composition or phase composition of a film, the texture of a film (preferred alignment of crystallites), the crystallite size and presence of film stress. As with other diffraction methods, the sample is scanned in a wide-angle X-ray goniometer, and the scattering intensity is plotted as a function of the 2θ angle.
X-ray diffraction is a non destructive method of characterization of solid materials. When X-rays are directed at solids they scatter in predictable patterns based on the internal structure of the solid. A crystalline solid consists of regularly spaced atoms (electrons) that can be described by imaginary planes. The distance between these planes is called the d-spacing.
The intensity of the d-space pattern is directly proportional to the number of electrons (atoms) in the imaginary planes. Every crystalline solid has a unique pattern of d-spacings (known as the powder pattern), which is a fingerprint for that solid. Solids with the same chemical composition but different phases can be identified by their pattern of d-spacings.
References
X-ray scattering
Diffraction
Cubilia fulva is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Karl Jordan in 1903.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1903
Hobo is the second album by British singer-songwriter Charlie Winston. It was released by Real World Records in 2009.
The first single was "Like a Hobo".
Track listing
"In Your Hands" (3:51)
"Like a Hobo" (3:39)
"Kick the Bucket" (2:39)
"I Love Your Smile" (4:39)
"My Life as a Duck" (3:41)
"Boxes" (4:41)
"Calling Me" (4:38)
"Tongue Tied" (4:41)
"Soundtrack to Falling in Love" (4:52)
"Generation Spent" (4:18)
"Every Step" (3:40)
"My Name" (4:28)
Deluxe edition
Disc 1: Hobo
"In Your Hands" (3:51)
"Like a Hobo" (3:39)
"Kick the Bucket" (2:39)
"I Love Your Smile" (4:39)
"My Life as a Duck" (3:41)
"Boxes" (4:41)
"Calling Me" (4:38)
"Tongue Tied" (4:41)
"Soundtrack to Falling in Love" (4:52)
"Generation Spent" (4:18)
"Every Step" (3:40)
"My Name" (4:28)
"Kick the Bucket" (Single Version) (3:06)
"I'm a Man" (5:55)
"I Love Your Smile" (Extended Version) (4:16)
"Boxes" (Live in Rome) (3'37)
Disc 2: DVD
Documentary 40'
"Like a Hobo"
"In Your Hands"
"Kick the Bucket"
Charts and sales
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales
References
External links
The official Charlie Winston website
Charlie Winston's profile on MySpace
2009 albums
Albums produced by Mark Plati
Charlie Winston albums
European Border Breakers Award-winning albums
Rosel may refer to:
People
August Johann Rösel von Rosenhof (1705–1759), German miniature painter and naturalist
Carlos Rosel (born 1995), Mexican football player
Peter Rösel (born 1945), German concert pianist
Rosel George Brown (1926–1967), American science fiction author
Rosel H. Hyde (1900–1992), Americal politician
Rosel Walther (1928–2006), German politician
Rosel Zech, German theater and film actor
Rosel Boycott, also known as Rosie Boycott, Baroness Boycott (born 1951), British journalist and feminist
Places
Rosel, Calvados, commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France
Rosel or Rozelle, a former estate; see Eglinton Castle, Ayrshire, Scotland
Dubautia pauciflorula is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Wahiawa Bog dubautia. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the Wahiawa Mountains on the island of Kauai.
There are fewer than 50 individuals remaining. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1991. Like other Dubautia this plant is called na`ena`e.
This member of the silversword alliance was first collected in 1909, and again in 1911, but it went without a name for many decades. It was not collected again until 1979 and it was finally described as a new species in 1981. It grows in wet rainforest habitat near streams. The area receives up to of precipitation annually. This plant is a shrub growing up to tall by wide, with smooth, oppositely arranged leaves. Yellow flowers are borne in heads of two to four.
Threats to this species and its habitat include feral pigs and invasive plant species such as Melastoma candidum. Conservation efforts include the collection of seeds.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile Dubautia pauciflorula
pauciflorula
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Kauai
Plants described in 1981
Uthaman is a 2001 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Anil - Babu and written by T. A. Razzaq, starring Jayaram, Sindhu Menon, Sangeetha, Babu Antony and Siddique. The music was composed by Johnson.
Plot
Uthaman, an orphan, puts their lives in jeopardy when they accept the blame for a murder committed by a member of the family they are living with. Soon, the siblings of the deceased decide to seek revenge.
Cast
Jayaram as Uthaman
Siddique as S.I Jayaraj
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Jayaraj's Mother
Sindhu Menon as Gouri
Sangeetha as Devika
Innocent as A.S.I Cheriyan
KPAC Lalitha as Gouri's Mother
Nedumudi Venu as Kochantony
Babu Antony as Pulimuttathu Sunny Thomas
Meghanathan as Pulimuttathu Alexi Thomas
Baburaj as Ashokan
CI Paul as Jayaraj's Uncle
Indrans as Head Contable Ismayil
Kochu Preman as Head Constable Pilla
Machan Varghese as Manikandan
Kozhikode Narayanan Nair as Beeranikka
Zeenath as Saramma (Cheriyan's Wife)
Kannur Sreelatha
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains 5 songs, all composed by Johnson and lyrics by Kaithapram.
References
External links
2001 films
Films shot in Palakkad
2000s Malayalam-language films
In Bayesian statistics, a hyperparameter is a parameter of a prior distribution; the term is used to distinguish them from parameters of the model for the underlying system under analysis.
For example, if one is using a beta distribution to model the distribution of the parameter p of a Bernoulli distribution, then:
p is a parameter of the underlying system (Bernoulli distribution), and
α and β are parameters of the prior distribution (beta distribution), hence hyperparameters.
One may take a single value for a given hyperparameter, or one can iterate and take a probability distribution on the hyperparameter itself, called a hyperprior.
Purpose
One often uses a prior which comes from a parametric family of probability distributions – this is done partly for explicitness (so one can write down a distribution, and choose the form by varying the hyperparameter, rather than trying to produce an arbitrary function), and partly so that one can vary the hyperparameter, particularly in the method of conjugate priors, or for sensitivity analysis.
Conjugate priors
When using a conjugate prior, the posterior distribution will be from the same family, but will have different hyperparameters, which reflect the added information from the data: in subjective terms, one's beliefs have been updated. For a general prior distribution, this is computationally very involved, and the posterior may have an unusual or hard to describe form, but with a conjugate prior, there is generally a simple formula relating the values of the hyperparameters of the posterior to those of the prior, and thus the computation of the posterior distribution is very easy.
Sensitivity analysis
A key concern of users of Bayesian statistics, and criticism by critics, is the dependence of the posterior distribution on one's prior. Hyperparameters address this by allowing one to easily vary them and see how the posterior distribution (and various statistics of it, such as credible intervals) vary: one can see how sensitive one's conclusions are to one's prior assumptions, and the process is called sensitivity analysis.
Similarly, one may use a prior distribution with a range for a hyperparameter, perhaps reflecting uncertainty in the correct prior to take, and reflect this in a range for final uncertainty.
Hyperpriors
Instead of using a single value for a given hyperparameter, one can instead consider a probability distribution of the hyperparameter itself; this is called a "hyperprior." In principle, one may iterate this, calling parameters of a hyperprior "hyperhyperparameters," and so forth.
See also
Empirical Bayes method
References
Further reading
Bayesian statistics
Sensitivity analysis
Paul Livingstone is an American sitarist, composer and multi-instrumentalist.  They are one of the few American disciples of Pandit Ravi Shankar, also trained under Rajeev Taranath and Amiya Dasgupta all of the Senia Maihar Gharana.
Career
Paul began their study of sitar and tabla at age 15 living in India. They have performed classical raga music with several of the leading tabla players of India and Nepal including Pandit Swapan Chaudhuri, Abhijit Banerjee, Pandit Shashanka Shekhar Bakshi and Hom Nath Upadhaya. Paul also performs on fretless guitar and Requinto jarocho of their own design. As a composer and director they lead their own Arohi Ensemble plays 'raga jazz chamber music' as well as composing for film, TV, theater and dance They have recorded and or toured with a number of popular artists such as Ozomatli, Alanis Morissette, Beck, HopPo! (Rubén Albarrán of Café Tacvba), and Build an Ark.
Paul has also performed in several music festivals around the world such as the World Festival of Sacred Music and Cumbe Tajin in Mexico. Paul was on the music faculty for 5 years at the California Institute of the Arts, founded the Sangeet School of World music in Los Angeles and has taught creative world music workshops in the US, Mexico Spain & India. Paul also published 'Sitar Talim' a workbook for learning sitar.
Paul has taught Indian and creative music for 3 years inner city teenage youth through the Music LA program with support from the Disney corporation, the City of Los Angeles, Cultural Affairs Department and Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa's office.
Discography
Albums
Arohi CD (2003) – Paul Livingstone and Arohi are a dynamic ensemble blending Classical Indian, Brazilian and Middle Eastern disciplines with a Jazz sensibility, incorporating new & traditional instruments & authentic styles from over 10 different cultures.
Salaam Suite CD (2006) – Combining diverse world music and accessible popular styles these songs pull together cutting edge youth culture and authentic music traditions for a message to call us into positive change for the world. This middle eastern creative world music, features members of American groups Ozomatli, Quetzal & Kan Zaman and includes virtuoso artists from South East Asia performing whirling & humorous fresh protest songs, laments, unity anthems, while world Hip Hop grooves & improvisations of traditional Arabic music flow in and out of the album.
Vinaya CD (2007) – Evening ragas of North Indian classical tradition featuring Paul Livingstone on sitar & Vinayak Netke from Mumbai on tabla. These traditional ragas are made fresh by improvisation and interactive play between the instruments. Features ragas Puriya Dhanashree, Kedar (raga) and Hemant.
Live Classical Raga (2009) – Paul teams up with Abhijit Banerjee one of the leading tabla players of Kolkata, India with a live concert recording featuring ragas, Marwa, Vatchaspati & Anandi Kalyan.
Tilak Shyam (2010) – This new release by Los Angeles-based 'Arohi Ensemble' was produced in celebration of Pandit Ravi Shankar's 90th birthday. Composed for an east/west Indian chamber ensemble, it features a dynamic collaboration of virtuoso artists from India and America. This new work is based on a composite raga which Raviji created in 1954 and features four of Ravi's direct disciples, including sarod player Partho Sarothy, sitarist Paul Livingstone, bansuri player Pedro Eustache and cellist Barry Phillips, along with two of the leading percussionists of India, Abhijit Banerjee (musician) on tabla and Somnath Roy on ghatam. This recording is only presently available via digital download.
Films
Composer
Kavi (short) 2009
Swaroop: Boving Bliss (TV movie) 2001
Turbans (short) 2000
Awards and recognitions
APPEX Fellowship in Ubud, Bali (from UCLA/CIP), 2004
Los Angeles Music Week Award, 2005
Grammy Award, played sitar Ozomatli's 'Street Signs", Street Signs 2005
References
External links
Hindustani instrumentalists
Sitar players
American multi-instrumentalists
Musicians from Los Angeles
Musicians from California
Maihar gharana
Living people
1970 births
Arcesilaus I of Cyrene (; flourished late 7th and early 6th centuries BC), also spelled Arkesilaos I, was the second Greek king of Cyrenaica and the second king of the Battiad dynasty.
Ancestry
Arcesilaus was the son of Battus I, the first king of Cyrenaica and Cyrene. Arcesilaus' paternal grandparents were the Cretan Princess Phronima and the distinguished Therean nobleman called Polymnestus.
Reign
Very little is known on the life and reign of Arcesilaus. They succeeded to the throne after the death of their father in 600 BC. Herodotus says that the number of people in Cyrene during their reign remained equal to the original number of settlers under Battus. Arcesilaus died in 583 BC and was buried near their father.
Offspring
Their son, Battus II, succeeded him. Arcesilaus also had a daughter called Critola.
See also
List of Kings of Cyrene
Cyrene
Cyrenaica
Sources
Herodotus, The Histories, Book 4.
Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology at Google Books
Cyrene in A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography, by William Smith (1873)
7th-century BC Greek people
6th-century BC Greek people
Kings of Cyrene
583 BC deaths
6th-century BC rulers
Year of birth unknown
Tak Fa (, ) is a district (amphoe) in southeastern part of Nakhon Sawan province.
History
When Thai government built the Phahonyothin Highway, the district was formed by territory taken from Takhli district. It became a district on 13 October 1970.
The word "Tak Fa" means "sun drying" or "sunbath" in Thai, because the terrain here is a ground and jungle. The villagers therefore clothed in the sun and called here "Lan Tak Pha" (ลานตากผ้า) and mispronounced to Tak Fa finally.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise): Takhli, Phayuha Khiri, Tha Tako, and Phaisali of Nakhon Sawan Province, and Nong Muang of Lopburi province.
Administration
The district is divided into seven sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 77 villages (mubans). The township (thesaban tambon) of Tak Fa covers parts of the tambon Tak Fa and Suk Samran. There are a further seven tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Tak Fa
Colleen Flynn is an American actor. In 1995, Flynn earned a nomination for Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for their performance in an episode "Love's Labor Lost" of NBC medical drama ER.
Flynn was regular cast member on the short-lived series such as Flipper and To Have & to Hold. They also appeared in a recurring role on China Beach, The Practice, Judging Amy and Nip/Tuck. Flynn guest-starred on television series such as The X-Files, Roswell, Crossing Jordan, Without a Trace, The Drew Carey Show, Everwood, The Closer, Cold Case, House and Grey's Anatomy.
Them film credits include Last Exit to Brooklyn, Serving in Silence: The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story, Two Mothers for Zachary, Clear and Present Danger, Pay It Forward and Project X.
Selected filmography
Film
Last Exit to Brooklyn (1989) as Ruthie
Late for Dinner (1991) as Adult Jessica Husband
The Temp (1993) as Sara Meinhold
Clear and Present Danger (1994) as Coast Guard Captain
Pay It Forward (2000) as Woman on Bridge
Project X (2012) as Mrs. Stillson
Television
China Beach as Dr. Colleen Flaherty Richards (3 episodes, 1990–91)
Equal Justice as Kerry Lynn (3 episodes, 1991)
ER as Jodi O'Brien (episode "Love's Labor Lost", 1995)
Flipper as Dr. Pamela Blondell (series regular, 22 episodes, 1995–96)
Two Mothers for Zachary as Maggie Fergus (1996)
Orleans as Paulette Charbonnet (series regular, 8 episodes, 1997)
The Devil's Child as Ruby Martin (1997)
To Have & to Hold as Carolyn McGrail (series regular, 13 episodes, 1998)
The X Files Colleen Azar / Michele Fazekas (2 episodes, 1997, 2000)
Without a trace as Katherine Kent in episode 'Silent Partner' (Oct, 2002)
The Practice as Wendy Stuart (3 episodes, 2004)
Judging Amy as Lolly Wetzel (7 episodes, 2000–04)
Nip/Tuck as Dr. Allamby (4 episodes, 2005–06)
House as Enid (patient's mother) in episode 'The Jerk' (2007)
Sweet Nothing in My Ear as Priscilla Scott (2008)
Better Call Saul (1 episode, 2018)
References
External links
Actresses from New Jersey
American film actores
American television actores
Living people
21st-century American women
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pikeville is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Pikeville was platted in 1866. A post office called Pikeville was established in 1862, and remained in operation until 1917. Besides the post office, Pikeville contained a church, school, railroad station, and a country store.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Infestissumam (Latin superlative adjective meaning very or most hostile, used by the band as "the most hostile" or "the biggest threat" in reference to the Antichrist) is the second studio album by the Swedish rock band Ghost. It was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee, produced by Nick Raskulinecz and released on April 10, 2013. It was released in North America by Loma Vista Recordings on April 16 in partnership with Republic Records, a division of Universal Music Group, marking the band's major label debut. The album was generally well-received, with several music publications placing it on their list of the best heavy metal albums of the year, and won the 2014 Grammis Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Album. In late 2013, the band released a special edition of the album, called Infestissumam Redux.
Background and recording
All of the album's tracks except "Ghuleh" were written and demoed by the end of summer 2011. The band planned to record the album after their North American tour with Enslaved and Alcest; however Ghost had to pull out of the tour and both the band and Rise Above Records agreed the album should be released on a different label. A Nameless Ghoul said that the band was in a hurry to put out another record.
On signing to a major label for the album, a Ghoul said, "It was Tom Whalley who was interested in the band. [He] was looking to start their own label, which ended up being an imprint of Universal ... We felt that we might be self-conscious about making that move, but knowing their background, having someone like that, having them be an advocate for our band, within a big organization like Universal, felt like the closest thing you can get to being on an independent without being on an independent."
Ghost finally began recording the album in October 2012 in Nashville, Tennessee, with producer Nick Raskulinecz. The band said they chose Raskulinecz because "He's good at working with a band without transforming the band into something else, rather than make them just flower as the band they are ... It turned out they didn't want to change much at all, and that's why they got the job." In 2015 a Nameless Ghoul said they were not 100% satisfied with the album's final production, citing time restraints forcing them to accept last minute mixing and mastering. They did have difficulties in the Nashville area; because of their Satanic lyrics the band could not find a choir to perform on their record. Even individual choristers turned down the work. The band said, "Then we told them what they were supposed to sing, and one of the guys almost cried, they took offense; it was really weird ... So we ended up recording the choir in Hollywood, where people have no problem with worshipping the Devil."
Themes
Commenting on the themes of Infestissumam, a Nameless Ghoul told Decibel that while their debut album, Opus Eponymous, ended with the track "Genesis", about the birth of the Antichrist, Infestissumam continues from the Antichrist's birth onwards. In another interview the band said, "Everything on the first record was about a coming darkness, an impending doom. Whereas the new record is about something present, and literally, the new record deals with the presence of the Anti-Christ, the Devil. But subliminally, the meaning of it is more how humankind-- predominantly men-- what they have deemed to be the presence of the Devil, throughout history and even nowadays. And that's why the record is so fueled with sexual themes and females. That's basically it, the Inquisition was basically men accusing women of being the Devil just because they had a hard-on for them."
Explaining why the record is more musically diverse than their first, a member said, "Being applauded for a few of those things on the first record that according to the rule book of metal would be viewed as a lot of no-no's enticed us to go even deeper, and both downwards and upwards, and just overall make a more colorful record", and "A lot of metal bands have a tendency to come up with a sound and they just mimic that 10 times on a record. [...] Which is fine, but we tried to deliberately have every song have its own signature."
"Per Aspera ad Inferi" translates as "Through Hardships to Hell".
The song "Secular Haze" came about when a Ghoul writer came to the rest of the band saying, "This is a new song. There was this carnival remark, and obviously there is a cabaret element in that organ, but the idea was to actually have a maritime feel. It's supposed to feel like you're on a stormy sea, with waves. The idea was musically inspired by a saying, how someone that has been close to dying by drowning said that the feeling that you get is an enormous, cold, anxiety feeling which is replaced just before you die with a warm acceptance that is supposedly extremely rewarding and orgasmic. The whole song is supposed to feel like it's storming and storming, never ending with a few glimpses of tranquility in the choruses, but where in the end, in the “come mist eternal part”, it's supposed to feel like you've gone over the edge of freezing to that warmth."
"Ghuleh / Zombie Queen" originated from an old piece of music: "The piano part in the beginning is old. It's been lying around for years. But in a Ghost context it needed to become something else, there wasn't a full idea that would sort of materialize, it would have kept the same line throughout the whole song. This record needed an ending to the A-side, after the three first songs, which are all hectic and involve a lot of changes and hysteria, you needed a sort of meadow where you could lie for a little while. That's why we took on that song and transferred it into what turned into 'Ghuleh / Zombie Queen'. Even though it might not be the best song on the record, which I have a hard time deciding which is, it's definitely one of the most interesting parts of the record. It's a good move that we're getting away with. [laughs]" In another interview, a Ghoul said "there are elements of 'Ghuleh' that are very typical of '70s Swedish music." When asked what is "Ghuleh", a Ghoul replied "She is the romanticized idea of either a being or a time being lost. It is about nostalgia. The absence of time or a person or a being or something has a tendency to fog up the idea of what the actual nature of that thing or person is."
Tobias Forge claimed that "Year Zero" and "Zenith" are the only two Ghost songs that they were not the main author of, the two instead being the ideas of guitarist Martin Persner. Although, Forge did write the former's lyrics in addition to revising, arranging and giving instrumentation to both.
Artwork
The album's cover art is part of a single, large piece that was separated into 12 or 13 pictures. These were used as thumbnails for the videos of songs from the album on Ghost's YouTube channel. It was made in collaboration with the band and drawn by Polish artist Zbigniew Bielak and inspired by the album's lyrics and themes. A Nameless Ghoul said that because the album deals with the Antichrist "we knew there was going to be a baby on the front cover. It also represents the paradox of inborn evil, of being very innocent and very vulnerable", and said that it is a pastiche of the film Amadeus.
Infestissumam was originally scheduled to be released on April 9, however the band could not find a manufacturer for the CD in the United States and its release was delayed until April 16. A source close to the band told Spin that Ghost was turned down by four US CD manufacturers because of artwork of the album's deluxe edition, which is a 16th-century illustration of an orgy. The magazine said it was the depiction of Jesus Christ crucified upside down that caused the controversy instead of the Gustave Doré-inspired work's sexual content. However, a Nameless Ghoul said it was indeed because of the sexual content and said it was ironic that "just because we had naked women as well as female body parts shown and exposed, that caused the problem. What about the blasphemy? What about the Satanism? That wasn't the problem. That's exactly what the record is about." Rather than delay the album longer, the band decided to use the CD artwork from the regular edition for the US pressings on the deluxe edition CD. All European copies and the US vinyl version include the controversial artwork as "Vinyl manufacturers don't have a problem with the artwork. Neither does Europe."
Promotion
On December 14, 2012, the website SecularHaze.com was created by Ghost. The website contained a sound clip of a new Ghost song without vocals. On the page was a clock ticking backwards and five candles, each playing one element of the new song when the user hovered over it with the mouse. The next day, the band uploaded a new song to their official YouTube channel, also called "Secular Haze". Later that day, they performed a special concert in their hometown of Linköping, Sweden, performing the entire Opus Eponymous record along with "Secular Haze" and their cover of "I'm a Marionette". Before "Secular Haze" was performed, Papa Emeritus, the band's vocalist, disappeared into the black of the stage to be replaced by Papa Emeritus II. After this concert, SecularHaze.com was updated to include a sixth candle containing the vocal track of the song "Secular Haze". Four days later, the band announced the title of their second album, Infestissumam, along with the webpage Infestissumam.com which showed the album's track list.
"Secular Haze" was the album's first single, given as a free digital download to fans signing up to the band's mailing list from December 15, 2012. A limited pressing of 10" vinyl records of the single was later released. On choosing "Secular Haze" as the first single, a Ghoul said "we wanted to present a song from the new record that sort of stood on its own but without being too far off from the first record". The single's B-side was the cover of ABBA's "I'm a Marionette", which features Dave Grohl of Nirvana and Foo Fighters on drums as well as production. The collaboration happened when, before going to Nashville to record the album, Ghost had a bunch of covers demoed and were discussing if they should squeeze them onto the album. " ... we were at a festival in Europe and Foo Fighters was playing, and we knew that Dave was a fan, and [when we talked to him] after a few handshakes and a few laughs, we were like 'Okay, so you liked the band? So do you want to do something?' And they said yeah, and one month later we were in [his studio in] L.A. doing that." The band recorded their first music video for "Secular Haze" in Linköping, with director Amir Chamdin.
On March 12, 2013, Ghost began providing fans with a free streaming of "Year Zero" if they promoted the band on Facebook, by endorsing its frontman to be elected the next Pope of the Catholic Church. The vinyl version of the single includes the B-side "Orez Raey", which is the A-side played backwards. A music video for the song, again directed by Amir Chamdin, was unveiled on March 25. Loudwire named it the Best Metal Video of 2013, while Revolver named it seventh on their list of the year's best in all genres.
The song "Monstrance Clock" was offered for free streaming on April 8. The following day, the entire Infestissumam album was uploaded for streaming. While including the songs "La Mantra Mori" and "I'm a Marionette" from the deluxe edition, the Japanese version of the album also features a cover of Depeche Mode's "Waiting for the Night". A third music video, for "Monstrance Clock", was released on July 3, 2013. It was directed by Rob Semmer, filmed at Ghost's shows at the El Rey Theatre and Webster Hall, and opens with footage of fans praising the band in a mock-confessional. In late 2013, Ghost released a special edition of the album, called Infestissumam Redux. It includes "La Mantra Mori" and the entirety of the If You Have Ghosted EP, which featured further collaborations with Grohl.
Reception
Critical reception
Infestissumam received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 67, which indicates "generally favorable reviews," based on 11 reviews. James Christopher Monger of AllMusic described the psychedelic and progressive departures from the band's debut as "weirdly effective" and called the album "a hell of a lot of fun." The Village Voice and Entertainment Weekly named Infestissumam the best metal album of 2013, while Loudwire ranked it second on their list. The album was listed by Noisecreep as one of the Best Vinyl Releases of 2013. Both "Secular Haze" and "Year Zero" were named some of the Best Metal Songs of 2013 by Loudwire. Infestissumam won the 2014 Grammis Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Album. It also won the similar P3 Guld award for Best Rock/Metal Album of the Year.
In a less positive review, Jon Hadusek of Consequence of Sound described the album as "pretty tame" and said that "for a band whose songs rely on falsetto and choruses, the absence of memorable melodies on Infestissumam is an eternal sin." In Decibel Magazine, Jeff Treppel wrote that Ghost seems to be consciously avoiding a sophomore slump by "throwing together the most eclectic set of songs they could conjure from the pit", and that this "wildly inconsistent ride ... bodes well for the band's longevity."
Sales
Infestissumam debuted at number one on Sweden's Sverigetopplistan chart, selling nearly five times as many copies as the number two album, Wolves by Miss Li. The album was certified gold by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry in October 2014, for sales of 20,000. Infestissumam Redux reached number 8 on the Sverigetopplistan. In the United States, Infestissumam sold an estimated 14,000 copies in its first week and debuted at number 28 on the Billboard 200 chart. Blabbermouth.net reported that the album had sold nearly 70,000 copies in the US by November 2015.
Track listing
All original songs credited to "A Ghoul Writer" in the booklet; actual writing credits adapted from ASCAP.
1Band members also used aliases for their actual writing credits: Forge is credited as "A Ghoul Writer", and Persner as "Indio Marcato".
Personnel
Ghost
Papa Emeritus II
A Group of Nameless Ghouls
Guests
St. Trident Tenors of Tinseltown – backing vocals
Dave Grohl – drums, percussion and production on "I'm a Marionette" and "Waiting for the Night"
Derek Silverman – organ on "Waiting for the Night"
Additional personnel
Nick Raskulinecz – production
David Richard Campbell – scoring and conducting
Paul Fig, Nathan Yarborough, Ted Jensen, Simon Söderberg, Niels Nielsen, Niklas Berglöf – engineering
Bp. Necropolitus Cracovienses Zbignew Bielak II – artwork
Charts
Certifications
References
2013 albums
Ghost (Swedish band) albums
Albums produced by Nick Raskulinecz
Loma Vista Recordings albums
Maarit Toivanen (previously Toivanen-Koivisto; b. 27 December 1954, Helsinki) is a Finnish business executive and investor, notable for being only the second woman to receive Finland's highest civilian honorary title of Vuorineuvos.
Early life and education
Maarit Toivanen was born as the youngest daughter of the family owning the Finnish building materials wholesaler , which had been set up in 1913 by their great-grandfather, Alfred Onninen.
They were raised in the upmarket Ullanlinna district of Helsinki, and was privately educated, graduating from the Mannerheimintien Yhteiskoulu secondary school in 1973.
Following some post-secondary business studies in Finland, Toivanen went on to study economics and finance at Uppsala University in Sweden, graduating in 1978.
Business career
After their studies, Toivanen joined the family business, and over the years worked in various functions including sales, purchasing, product management, quality and finance.
Following the death in 2000 of their father, Erkki J. Toivanen, who had run the business for 35 years, Maarit Toivanen took on the role of Chairperson of Onninen, as well as CEO of its parent group . They represented the fourth generation of their family to run the business, and continued to do so until the sale of most of the group operations to Kesko in 2016 for a reported EUR 369 million.
In addition to the family business, Toivanen has served in Board roles at several notable Finnish listed companies, including Neste, Itella and Rautaruukki, as well as in a number of cultural and civic organisations such as Sibelius Academy and Alvar Aalto Museum.
Honours
In 2008, Toivanen was granted the honorary title of Vuorineuvos by President Tarja Halonen. They were only the second woman in Finnish history to receive the honour.
In 2011, they were conferred an honorary doctorate in economic sciences by Aalto University.
Controversies
Toivanen caused controversy in 2014, when they announced that they would be moving them and their family's tax domicile to Portugal the following year, in preparation for the impending company sale, in order to avoid Finland's 20% inheritance tax which they considered too high. They returned to Finland in 2018.
In May 2019, Toivanen was issued with a EUR 74,000 speeding tickets, for driving at in a speed limit area. The large amount is due to the Finnish 'day-fine' system whereby speeding tickets are not fixed, but depend instead on the offender's income.
Personal life
Maarit Toivanen has been married twice. They have two children from their first marriage. From their second marriage, to Ilkka Koivisto (m. 1994 — div. 2017), they also have two children, as well as two step-children from Koivisto's earlier marriage.
References
Finnish business executives
Finnish chief executives
Women business executives
Businesspeople from Helsinki
1954 births
Uppsala University alumni
Living people
Bisa Abrewa Museum is a museum with sculptural representations of wood, clay, cement, paintings and photographs in Nkontompo in the Sekondi-Takoradi Metropolis of the Western Region, Ghana. The Museum has about 2,200 artifacts of heroes of Africa struggle. Also sculptural pieces and photographs of the civil rights movement and other Black personalities in French, Portuguese and Spanish Caribbean.
The Museum is believed to be one of the world's largest private collections of artifacts, audio visual and sculptures representing the African story. It was inaugurated by the first lady of Ghana, Rebecca Akuffo Addo, government officials and traditional leaders on July 28, 2019.
History
The Museum was curated by Kwaw Ansah, an award-winning filmmaker, founder and first CEO of TV Africa. The collections of artifacts started 40 years ago.
References
Art museums and galleries in Ghana
Buildings and structures in Kumasi
Max Walter Svanberg (February 21, 1912 – May 28, 1994) was a Swedish surrealist painter, illustrator, and designer. Their most prevalent motifs were of women's bodies merged with elements of flora and fauna.
Born in Malmö, Sweden, Svanberg founded the Swedish artist group Imaginisterna in 1948, but left them soon after. In 1950, they published an album of lithographs. In 1953, they were invited to join a surrealist group in Paris led by André Breton. Svanberg exhibited at the Galerie de l'Etoile Scellee in 1955. In 1958, they illustrated an edition of Arthur Rimbaud's Illuminations.
They were awarded the Prince Eugen Medal for painting in 1965.
Svanberg died in Limhamn, Sweden.
References
Bra Böckers Lexikon, Band 22 (1981)
1912 births
1994 deaths
Recipients of the Prince Eugen Medal
The Merchants Limited, sometimes shortened to Merchants, was a New York, New Haven and Hartford (the "New Haven") passenger train on the Shore Line between Boston and New York City. It was the New Haven's premier passenger train and the last all-parlor car train in the United States. The train entered service in 1903, and survived the turbulent Penn Central merger to become one of Amtrak's Boston–Washington, D.C. services. The name disappeared from Amtrak's timetables in 1995 when most Northeast trains were rebranded "NortheastDirect".
History
The New Haven introduced the Merchants Limited on December 14, 1903. The train offered first class parlor car seating only; amenities included a dining car and private rooms. The trains departed New York and Boston at 5 PM and made the trip between the two cities in five hours. This schedule would be reduced to hours in 1935, hours in 1940, and finally 4 hours flat in 1949. This proved unsustainable as conditions deteriorated on the New Haven and would be raised to hours in 1956.
The New Haven considered the Merchants Limited its premier train and it always ran with the best equipment possible. When it received coaches in May 1949 it was the last all-parlor car train running in the United States. A second section, the Advance Merchants Limited, operated fifteen minutes ahead of the Merchants Limited at various times in the 1950s.
The New Haven was merged on Jan. 1, 1969 into the Penn Central, formed the previous year by the New York Central Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad. The Penn Central went bankrupt in 1970 and divested itself of its passenger trains in 1971. Amtrak, the new national operator, retained the Merchants Limited, although it would soon be extended through to Washington, D.C. Amtrak dropped individual names from its Northeast Corridor trains, save the Metroliners, on October 28, 1995. The Merchants Limited had long lost its individual character, although it continued to offer first class service.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
1949 timetable
Former Amtrak routes
Named passenger trains of the United States
Passenger trains of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Penn Central Transportation
Railway services introduced in 1903
Railway services discontinued in 1995
Passenger rail transportation in Connecticut
Passenger rail transportation in Massachusetts
Passenger rail transportation in New York (state)
Passenger rail transportation in Rhode Island
Luis Gallego Martín is a Spanish engineer and business person who succeeded Willie Walsh as the chief executive officer (CEO) of International Airlines Group in 2020.  They are the former CEO of Iberia.
Early life and education
Martín was born and brought up in Madrid; they originate from Getafe, an industrial area of the city.
They studied at Colegio La Inmaculada – PP. Escolapios (Piarists) of Getafe, holds a degree in aeronautical engineering from the Technical University of Madrid and an Executive Development Programme (PDD) qualification from the IESE Business School (University of Navarra).
Career
They began their career in the Spanish Air Force, and has since worked in Aviaco, INDRA and, between 1997 and 2006, in several positions with the Iberia franchise partner Air Nostrum, where they became technical manager of workshop maintenance until their transfer to Clickair, prior to its merger with Vueling.
At Vueling, they held the post of production manager, with responsibility for flight operations, training, quality, safety, maintenance, and ground operations. With a total of 47 aircraft and more than 1,600 employees under their command, they and their team achieved the highest ratings for punctuality, regularity, and customer satisfaction of any Spanish airline.
They were CEO of Iberia Express from 2012 until they were appointed Iberia's CEO on 27 March 2013. From 1 January 2014 onwards they were also Iberia's chairperson.  They are also a member of International Airlines Group (IAG)'s management committee, a holding made up of Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and British Airways.
At Iberia they were for having lead the transformation and modernization process of the airline. In their first year as CEO, they cut the airline's losses by half, while in their second year in office, they were touted as being able to make Iberia profitable after six years of operating losses. They reached labour agreements with all Iberia's staff groups to reduce labour costs and increase employees' productivity. Since then, Iberia's quality and recommendation indexes of the airline's customers reached a record level and it became one of the world's most punctual airlines.
On 9 January 2020 they were set to replace Willie Walsh as CEO of IAG, but it was announced on 16 March that Walsh intended to delay their retirement to help the airline trade through the outbreak of COVID-19. The date of Walsh's departure was subsequently pushed back to 8 September 2020. The new Iberia CEO became the outgoing chairperson and CEO of Vueling, Javier Sánchez-Prieto.
In one of their first major acts as CEO of IAG, Gallego replaced the CEO of British Airways Álex Cruz with the CEO of Aer Lingus Sean Doyle. Martín was described by BBC News as appearing "keen to make their mark and rebuild bridges with staff".
Personal life
They support Real Madrid CF and lives with their family in London in their capacity as IAG's CEO.
References
Spanish chief executives
Iberia (airline)
People from Madrid
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chief executives in the airline industry
Technical University of Madrid alumni
University of Navarra alumni
The 'B' Assault Brigade RAC/RE. was founded on 5 January 1945, in Italy. The Brigade Headquarters was formed from redesignating the 25th Army Tank Brigade's headquarters to the 25th Armoured Assault Brigade Royal Engineers. Three months later, on 6 April, the formation was redesignated as the 25th Armoured Engineer Brigade Royal Engineers. The brigade served in Italy until the end of the war.
See also
British Armoured formations of World War II
List of British brigades of the Second World War
References
Bibliography
25 Armoured Assault Brigade Royal Engineers
Engineer brigades of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1945
Verleger Point () is a point marking the west side of the entrance to Siniff Bay on the coast of Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant (j.g.) W.F. Verleger, U.S. Navy Reserve, Master of the Jacob Ruppert on the first trip to Bay of Whales (1933) during Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1933–35.
Headlands of Marie Byrd Land
DOS 8 or DOS-8 may refer to:
DR-DOS 8.0, a version of DR-DOS distributed by DeviceLogics in 2004
MS-DOS 8.0, the MS-DOS sub-system bundled in Microsoft Windows ME in 2000
DOS-8 a.k.a. Mir-2, Russian spacecraft project of Salyut program in 2000
Zvezda (ISS module), the final destination of the Russian DOS-8 module
See also
86-DOS
DOS (disambiguation)
DOS 7 (disambiguation)
DOS 10 (disambiguation)
The Donegal Community Stadium is a stalled construction project in Stranorlar, Ireland. The stadium was initially intended to have a capacity of 6,800 spectators, and proposed as an association football venue to replace Finn Park as the home stadium of Finn Harps F.C. Planning permission was granted in June 2007, and groundbreaking was started in May 2008. After intermediate delays, work recommenced in late 2011 with foundations in place. The project was again delayed in October 2012, with "minimal work" undertaken between 2014 and 2020, pending €6.7 million in additional government funding. In April 2021, a "provisional allocation" of government funding was reportedly announced. By May 2022, the development plans were further revised and scaled-back to account for inflation and concerns that "prices for building works have rapidly risen [in 2022]". This scaled-back proposal was reportedly given the "green light" in August 2022.
History
Initial plans (2007)
Initial drawings had the stadium planned as a 7,000 seater stadia, but minor changes were made to make it a 6,600 all-seat stadium. While planning permission was granted in 2007 and ground was broken in 2008, it wasn't until 2014 that significant building work was undertaken on site. Some of these delays were due to financial reasons, as a decline in property values mean that the new stadium was more dependent on state funding.
Updated plans (2017)
Following Finn Harps 2017 AGM in May 2017, Finn Harps announced that following a stall in progress, revised plans would be launched in summer 2017. The expected capacity of this updated proposal was projected to be between 5,500-6,000 with a seated capacity consisting of a main stand with 1,954 seats and another seated stand opposite that seating between 2,000-2,500, combined with terraced ends totaling an extra standing capacity of 1,500.
At the start of July 2018, the Department of Sport announced a €304,000 grant towards the relaunch, redraw of plans, and fees towards the restart of the stadium build in Stranorlar.
By May 2020, the project (which had reputedly seen "virtually no work carried out" since 2014) had stalled, pending a proposed investment of €6.7 million in state funding. While this situation had not changed as of September 2020, in April 2021 the government announced a "provisional allocation" of €3.99m for the development.
Revised plans (2022)
On 18 May 2022, owing to the rapidly increasing cost of supplies and demand on the construction industry, Finn Harps released further revised plans for a 6,130 capacity ground on the site.
These revised plans included a West Stand of 1,930 seats in (as of May 2022) a partially built structure. Together with a proposed East Stand of 1,400 seats, the total seating capacity would be 3,330 alongside both touchlines. This May 2022 plan proposes that the two ends of the ground be developed as terracing, each with a capacity of 1,400. All four sides of the ground are due to be covered, with (as of mid-2022), the construction of spectator facilities expected to complete by September 2023. A new pitch would then be laid, taking a further ten months to mature. These revised plans are expected to cost in the region of €8 million. During August 2022, the Minister of State for Sport and the Gaeltacht reportedly have the "green light" to the updated proposal.
References
Finn Harps F.C.
Association football venues in the Republic of Ireland
Stadiums under construction
Association football venues in County Donegal
The 1947 Tangerine Bowl was an American college football bowl game played after the 1946 season, on January 1, 1947, at Greater Orlando Stadium in Orlando, Florida. The game was the inaugural playing of the Tangerine Bowl, now known as the Citrus Bowl, and saw the Catawba Indians defeat the Maryville Scots, 31–6.
Game summary
The first quarter of the game saw no scoring, while the second quarter saw Catawba find the end zone three times (11-yard pass, 6-yard rush, and a 35-yard interception return), though all three extra point attempts failed and the game went to halftime 18–0 Catawba.
Catawba found the end zone again in the third quarter, on a 10-yard rush. The third quarter ended 25–0.
The fourth quarter saw Catawba find the end zone one last time, on a 20-yard pass. Maryville scored for the first time in the game. Both extra point attempts failed, and the game finished 31–6 to Catawba.
References
Tangerine Bowl
Citrus Bowl (game)
Catawba Indians football bowl games
Maryville Scots football bowl games
Tangerine Bowl
Tangerine Bowl
Peter Pyhrr was a manager at Texas Instruments in Dallas, Texas, who developed the idea of zero-based budgeting (ZBB). They used ZBB successfully at Texas Instruments in the 1960s and authored an influential 1970 article in Harvard Business Review. In 1973, President Jimmy Carter, while governor of Georgia, contracted with Pyhrr to implement a ZBB system for the State of Georgia executive budget process.
Called 'the father of Zero-Based Budgeting', they reportedly "sent an article about the technique to Harvard Business Review and was surprised when they ran it — and even more surprised when they got a call from a staffer for Jimmy Carter, then Democratic governor of Georgia."
References
American business writers
Fibrillation is the rapid, irregular, and unsynchronized contraction of muscle fibers. An important occurrence is with regard to the heart.
Cardiology
There are two major classes of cardiac fibrillation: atrial fibrillation and ventricular fibrillation.
Atrial fibrillation is an irregular and uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of atria. It can be a chronic condition, usually treated with anticoagulation and sometimes with conversion to normal sinus rhythm. In this condition the normal electrical pulses coming from the sinoatrial node are overwhelmed by disorganized electrical impulses usually originating in the roots of the pulmonary veins, leading to irregular conduction of impulses to the ventricles which generate the heartbeat.
Ventricular fibrillation is an irregular and uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of ventricles. It is a common cause of cardiac arrest and is usually fatal if not reversed by defibrillation.
Fibrillation may sometimes be used after heart surgery to stop the heart from beating while any minor leaks are stitched up.
Musculoskeletal
Fibrillation also occurs with individual skeletal muscle fibers. This happens when muscle fibers lose contact with their innervating axon producing a spontaneous action potential, "fibrillation potential" that results in the muscle fiber's contraction. These contractions are not visible under the skin and are detectable through needle electromyography (EMG) and ultrasound. Fibrillations can occur in healthy individuals. If the fibrillations have irregular potentials then they don't have pathological significance. In other cases they are a major symptom in acute and severe peripheral nerve disorders, in myopathies in which muscle fibers are split or inflamed, and in lower motor neuron lesions.
They contrast with fasciculations that are visible spontaneous contractions involving small groups of muscle fibers. Fasciculations can be seen in lower motor neuron lesions as well, but they also do not necessarily denote pathology.
Terminology
The word fibrillation () is related to the word fibril in the sense of muscle fibrils, the proteins that make up each muscle fiber (muscle cell).
References
Cardiac arrhythmia
Symptoms and signs: Nervous system
The FFA 2000, FFT Eurotrainer 2000, Eurotrainer 2000 is a low wing two seat training aircraft developed by Gyroflug. A prototype was tested and displayed throughout Europe, but the project was canceled.
Development
The Eurotrainer 2000 was developed as a modern low-cost trainer for military and civilian pilots developed from AS-202 metal design. The first launch customer was to be Swissair. FFT went out of business in 1992 with one prototype produced.
Design
The aircraft is a four-seat, retractable tricycle gear design. The fuselage and wings are all composite construction. The landing gear uses a trailing link layout.
Operational history
The prototype has been displayed in Paris, France in 1991 at Le Bourget airfield.
Variants
FFA 2000
FFA Flugzeugwerke project developed in 1985 with a Porsche PFM 3200-T03 engine. Production delays of Porsche engine prompted switch to Lycoming AEIO-540-X100 engine in 1989.
FFT 2000
Gesellschaft für Flugzeug- und Faserverbund-Technologie mbH version (no differences)
Eurotrainer 2000A
Renamed product
Specifications (FFT Eurotrainer 2000)
Notes
References
1990s international civil utility aircraft
Gyroflug aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Fatah Masoud (born 24 September 1989) is a Libyan futsal goalkeeper.
Masoud played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.
Honors
Arab Futsal Championship:
2008
References
1989 births
Living people
Futsal goalkeepers
Libyan men's futsal players
Meredith Corporation was an American media conglomerate based in Des Moines, Iowa, that owned magazines, television stations, websites, and radio stations. Its publications had a readership of more than 120 million and paid circulation of more than 40 million, and its websites had nearly 135 million monthly unique visitors. Its broadcast television stations reached 11% of U.S. households.
History
Early years
Edwin Thomas Meredith founded the company in 1902 when they began publishing Successful Farming magazine.
In 1922, Meredith began publishing Fruit, Garden and Home magazine, a home and family service publication. In 1924, the magazine was retitled Better Homes and Gardens, and the first issue cost a dime on the newsstand. In 1930, the company published the first edition of The Better Homes and Gardens Cook Book. In 1946, the company became a public company. In 1987, Meredith Corporation made a deal that they would purchase MMT Sales for $40 million, and would represent national advertising spot time on 60 stations across the entire US country.
In 1994, Meredith and CBS struck an agreement to renew its Kansas City station and affiliate two of the Bay City and Phoenix stations with the network.
2012–2021: Merger with Time Inc.; Gray/Dotdash sale
In March 2012, Meredith acquired allrecipes.com from Reader's Digest Association for $175 million. In February 2013, Meredith and Time Warner held discussions on a possible purchase of Time Inc.; Time Warner at the time elected to spin it out as a separate company instead.
In October 2014, Meredith announced a 10-year licensing agreement with Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia to acquire the rights to Martha Stewart Living, Martha Stewart Weddings and marthastewart.com.
In November 2014, Meredith acquired mywedding.com. In January 2015, the company acquired Selectable Media. Also in January 2015, Meredith acquired Shape, Natural Health and Fit Pregnancy from American Media Inc. Fitness magazine was folded into Shape, while retaining its website.
On September 8, 2015, Media General announced its intent to acquire Meredith in a cash and stock deal valued at $2.4 billion. Pending regulatory and shareholder approval, the deal was expected to be consummated in June 2016. The combined company would have operated under the name Meredith Media General, and be the third-largest owner of television stations in the United States—serving an estimated 30% of households. To comply with FCC ownership limits, the company would have divested and/or swapped stations in six markets. Media General shareholders would have controlled 65% of the company, with Meredith shareholders holding 35%. However, the offer was countered by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, who made a successful, $4.6 billion bid to acquire Media General instead.
In February 2017, it was reported that Meredith and a group of investors led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. were considering another possible purchase of Time Inc. On November 26, 2017, it was announced that Meredith Corporation would acquire Time Inc. in a $2.8 billion deal. $640 million in backing was provided by Koch Equity Development, but the Koch family would not have a board seat or otherwise influence the company's operations.
On January 9, 2018, it was announced that Meredith would launch a Hungry Girl magazine on January 16, expanding from the online brand.
On January 31, 2018, the company completed the acquisition of Time Inc. In March 2018, only six weeks after the closure of the deal, Meredith announced that it would lay off 200 employees, up to 1,000 more over the next 10 months, and explore the sale of Fortune, Money, Sports Illustrated, and Time. Meredith felt that, despite their "strong consumer reach," these brands did not align with its core lifestyle properties. Howard Milstein had announced on February 7, 2018, that they would acquire Golf Magazine from Meredith, and Time Inc. UK was sold to the British private equity group Epiris (later rebranded to TI Media) in late February. In September 2018, Meredith announced the sale of Time to Marc Benioff and their wife Lynne for $190 million. In November 2018, Meredith announced the sale of Fortune to Thai business person Chatchaval Jiaravanon, whose family owns Charoen Pokphand, for $150 million. After failing to find a buyer for Money, Meredith in April 2019 announced that it would cease the magazine's print publication as of July 2019, but would invest in the brand's digital component Money.com. In May 2019, Meredith announced the sale of Sports Illustrated to Authentic Brands Group, for $110 million.
Time Inc. Productions was renamed Four M Studios in May 2018. The studio is under Bruce Gersh, Meredith's president of People, Entertainment Weekly and People en Español and head of Four M Studios.
In October 2019, Meredith Corporation sold the Money brand and website to Ad Practitioners LLC, a media and advertising company based in Puerto Rico. Terms were not disclosed, but sources said the brand went for just over $20 million, that was more than the $10 million Meredith was seeking in early 2019.
In November 2019 the company unloaded one more asset acquired in the Time Inc. acquisition, its 60% equity ownership of digital advertising company Viant Technology Holding Inc. that, among other assets, owns social networking site Myspace. Also in November 2019, the company announced the launch of a new quarterly magazine, called Reveal, in January 2020 in collaboration with Drew and Jonathan Scott from HGTV's Property Brothers.
On May 3, 2021, Meredith announced an agreement with Gray Television for the latter to acquire Meredith's television division. The transaction will be structured as a spin-off of a new (short-lived) Meredith Corporation, containing the magazines division, to existing shareholders, to be immediately followed by the old Meredith (by then consisting solely of its TV stations group) being acquired by Gray for $2.7 billion in cash.
Later that year, on October 6, Meredith announced an agreement whereby the company's remaining magazine and other non-broadcast assets would be acquired by IAC's Dotdash for $2.7 billion, forming a new entity called Dotdash Meredith.
On November 15, Meredith announced it has received regulatory approvals for both the Gray and IAC transactions. Both deals were completed on December 1. On February 9, 2022, it was revealed that six former Meredith Corporation magazines (Entertainment Weekly, InStyle, EatingWell, Health, Parents and People en Espanol) will cease having print circulation and switch to a digital-only format.
Divisions
National media
Magazines
Meredith magazines include the following brands:
25 Beautiful Homes
Ageless Iron
Allrecipes Magazine
American Baby
American Patchwork & Quilting
Better Homes and Gardens
Country Life
Diabetic Living
Do-It-Yourself
Eat This, Not That
EatingWell
Entertainment Weekly (from Time Inc.)
Every Day with Rachael Ray
FamilyFun
Fitness
Food & Wine
Health
InStyle (from Time Inc.)
Living the Country Life
Midwest Living
Parents (and Ser Padres)
People (from Time Inc.)
Practical Boat Owner
Real Simple (from Time Inc.)
Shape
Siempre Mujer
Southern Living
Successful Farming
Travel + Leisure (from Time Inc.)
Wood
Defunct magazines include
Family Circle
Ladies' Home Journal
Money (from Time Inc.)
More
Readymade
Scrapbooks Etc.
Traditional Home
Digital media
Allrecipes.com
mywedding.com
Local media
The broadcasting division owned 15 television stations. Most of the company's stations were affiliated with CBS, Fox, or MyNetworkTV. Meredith's broadcasting division also produced Better from 2007 until 2015, which was originally conceived as a brand extension of BH&G. Since its inception in 2007 the show has placed an increasing emphasis on celebrity interviews and music performances. There were also cooking demonstrations and regular features on health, beauty, fitness and fashion. Local versions of the concept continue to air on Meredith stations.
On December 23, 2013, Meredith announced plans to buy St. Louis CBS affiliate KMOV and Phoenix independent station KTVK for $407.5 million in cash from Gannett Company and Sander Media, LLC to satisfy a federal mandate that Gannett sell KMOV. The purchase of KMOV was completed on February 28, 2014, while the KTVK sale was completed on June 19.
Meredith has also struck deals to acquire ABC affiliate WGGB in Springfield, Massachusetts from Gormally Broadcasting for $53.8 million and Fox affiliate WALA in Mobile, Alabama from LIN Media for $86 million.
The Local Media Division was sold to Gray Television on December 1, 2021.
Television stations
(**) indicates a station that was built and signed on by Meredith.
(‡‡) indicates a station that was owned by First Media prior to its acquisition by Meredith in 1997.
(§§) indicates a station that was owned by Belo prior to its acquisition by Meredith in 2014.
Notes:
1 Owned by SagamoreHill Broadcasting, Meredith operated KASW under a shared services agreement.
2 WCPX was acquired along with KPDX and WHNS when Meredith bought their parent company First Media, but the station was swapped to Post-Newsweek Stations (former name of Graham Media Group) for WFSB a day later. Meredith never held control of the station.
3 Between 2011 and 2017, Meredith operated WPCH through a local marketing agreement when the station was owned by Time Warner subsidiary Turner Broadcasting System. On February 23, 2017, Meredith announced its intention to purchase the station from Time Warner prior to the latter's merging with AT&T.
4 Acquired solely to be traded to Tribune Broadcasting for WGCL.
Radio stations
Four M Studios
Four M Studios (Four M), formerly Time Inc. Productions, is Meredith's in-house production company and is under the oversight of Bruce Gersh, Meredith's president of People, Entertainment Weekly and People en Español.
After attempting a few TV shows in 2014 and 2015, the company formed Time Inc. Productions in 2016 as its in-house production company. It launched its free, ad-supported online video service PeopleTV in 2016, which got a pay TV deal by May 2018 with FuboTV. In November 2017, it launched its first over-the-top subscription service, Sports Illustrated TV, available via Amazon Channels. On October 30, 2017, it announced that Paramount Network was partnering with it on two TV pilots.
Time Inc. Productions was renamed Four M Studios in May 2018. Four M would expand from the Time titles to all Meredith titles and to freestanding lifestyle shows and scripted shows. Four M also announced at that time a deal with Freeform TV channel to develop Meredith magazine stories, including Peoples "Heroes Among Us" franchise, into telefilms.
Four M Studios partnered with Imagine Entertainment's Imagine Kids & Family division. Its first project from the partnership is LIFE for Kids, a children's TV show using LIFE Magazine's photo archive.
Production library Time Inc. ProductionsPeople Magazine Investigates (Investigation Discovery)
The Mars Generation (Netflix)
The Making of SI Swimsuit 2017 (DirecTV Now)
Puppy Bowl: Where Are They Now (Animal Planet)
The Story of Diana (ABC) 2017 documentary miniseries, 2 nights 2 hours each
A Year in Space (PBS) Emmy-winning
Cultureshock (A&E) pop culture docuseries from Entertainment Weekly
89 Blocks (Fox) East St. Louis high school football team documentary from Sports Illustrated, which was nominated for a Sports Emmy AwardTime Inc. Productions/Four M StudiosSports Illustrated: True Crime pilot working title (Paramount Network) Jerry Bruckheimer TV
Entertainment Weekly: The Bullseye pilot (Paramount Network) Conveyor MediaFour M Studios'''Home (Apple) 10 one-hour episodesPeople Magazine Investigates: Cults (Investigation Discovery)People Magazine Investigates: Crimes of Fashion (Investigation Discovery)The Story of the Royals'' (ABC) documentary miniseries
See also
New Media Strategies
List of United States magazines
References
Further reading
External links
Agriculture.com portal by Successful Farming
Better Homes and Gardens main website
Gray Television
IAC (company)
Defunct publishing companies of the United States
Defunct broadcasting companies of the United States
Defunct mass media companies of the United States
Companies based in Des Moines, Iowa
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Defunct companies based in Iowa
Mass media in Des Moines, Iowa
American companies established in 1902
Publishing companies established in 1902
Mass media companies disestablished in 2021
1902 establishments in Iowa
2021 disestablishments in Iowa
2021 mergers and acquisitions
Orhei County may refer to:
Orhei County (Moldova)
Orhei County (Romania)
"I Could Not Love You More" is a song by the Bee Gees. It was the second single issued from their multi-platinum album, Still Waters, released in 1997. The song is a pop ballad written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb and recorded in Los Angeles in March 1996. The track was produced by the Gibb brothers and David Foster. The track was a moderate hit worldwide, peaking at #14 in the UK and appearing in serious charts all over Europe.
Critical reception
British magazine Music Week rated the song three out of five, writing, "The Gibb brothers tremble through a gentle ballad. It's sweet, but unlikely to match the success of Alone."
Music video
The song's accompanying music video for "I Could Not Love You More" shows the band singing in a black background and on a street, intercut with scenes of a relationship between a man and a woman. It also features two young kids, a boy and a girl, on a pier.
Track listings
UK CD single 1
"I Could Not Love You More" - 3:43
"Love Never Dies" - 4:05 (An exclusive brand-new song for the single)
BRIT Awards Medley - 7:26 (Recorded on 24 February 1997 at the BRIT Awards Ceremony in London, including the songs "To Love Somebody", "Massachusetts", "Words", "How Deep Is Your Love", "Jive Talkin'", "Stayin' Alive", and "You Should Be Dancing")
UK CD single 2
"I Could Not Love You More" - 3:43
"Jive Talkin'" - 2:50 (Recorded on 25 November 1996 at Coral Gables, in a special performance for the VH1 Storytellers Specials)
"To Love Somebody" - 3:09 (Also from VH1 Storytellers)
"Stayin' Alive" (1996) - 4:06 (A re-recording of "Stayin' Alive")
Charts
Cover versions
The Brazilian group KLB recorded a version in Portuguese entitled "Te Amar Ainda Mais", recorded the album "KLB 2001" and released as a second single, reaching # 2 in Brazil.
References
Bee Gees songs
Songs written by Barry Gibb
Songs written by Robin Gibb
Songs written by Maurice Gibb
1997 singles
Song recordings produced by David Foster
The Life of John the Baptist is a book from the New Testament apocrypha, allegedly written in Greek by Serapion, Bishop of Thmuis in 390 AD. The text is an expanded biography of the biblical John the Baptist.
Contents
Tony Burke, Associate Professor of Early Christianity, at York University describes the vita as:
begins with a harmony of details about John's birth taken from the Gospel of Luke and the Infancy Gospel of James, finishing with the death of Zechariah and Elizabeth fleeing from Herod's soldiers into the desert. After five years, when John is seven years and six months old, Elizabeth dies, portentously on the same day as Herod the Great. Jesus, “whose eyes see heaven and earth” (7:3), sees John grieving and spirits themselves and Mary to the desert on a cloud. They bury Elizabeth and then Jesus and Mary remain with John for seven days, teaching them how to live in the desert. Then Mary and Jesus return to Nazareth, leaving John under the protection of Gabriel and watched by the souls of their parents. The text then shifts to John's adult career and the story of Herod Antipas and their affair with Philip's wife Herodias.
References
External links
Complete text
New Testament apocrypha
John the Baptist
Koko: A Red Dog Story is a 2019 Australian family documentary film directed by Aaron McCann and Dominic Pearce, written by Aaron McCann and Dominic Pearce, and starring Jason Isaacs, Felix Williamson and Sarah Woods. It is a spin-off to the 2011 film Red Dog, detailing the life of Koko, who was cast as Red Dog in the original film.
Cast
Jason Isaacs as narrator
Felix Williamson as Nelson Woss
Sarah Woods as Carol Hobday
Toby Truslove as Kriv Stenders
Kriv Stenders as themselves
Carol Hobday as themselves
Koko as themselves
Nelson Woss as themselves
Production
Filming began in 2018 in Perth, Western Australia.
Reception
Koko: A Red Dog Story received mostly positive reviews from critics.
Andrew Peirce at The Curb called the film "a genuine dogsterpiece of a film". Out in Perth writer, Leigh Andrew Hill, referred to the film as "a heart-warming celebration of all dogs". While Jonathan Spiroff of The Mono Report, referred to the film as "a charming, crowd-pleasing documentary that is essential for dog-lovers".
Conversely, Luke Buckmaster at The Guardian said "What should be a delightful romp about a famous dog blends fact and fiction so thoroughly it may end up breaking your brain."
See also
Red Dog: True Blue, a 2016 prequel to Red Dog.
References
External links
Koko: A Red Dog Story at Screenwest
Koko: A Red Dog Story at Internet Movie Database
Koko: A Red Dog Story at Rotten Tomatoes
2019 films
Australian comedy-drama films
Films about dogs
Australian films based on actual events
Films set in the 2000s
Films set in Western Australia
Films produced by Nelson Woss
Films scored by Cezary Skubiszewski
Films set in the 21st century
2010s English-language films
Screen Australia films
Roadshow Entertainment films
Family policy in Hungary refers to the government measures that have been passed increase Hungary's birthrate and to stop the decline of the country's population. Hungary has family policy that seeks to subsidize childcare for new parents.
History
Hungary's population has been declining since 1980, when the country's population peaked at 10.7 million, and it is the country in Europe whose population gas been shrinking for the longest time. The main cause is that women on average do not have at least 2.1 or more children, which is needed to keep the population stable (see TFR). No governments have changes the trend since 1980, but there were several visible alterations during the last decades. It fell from 2.17 in 1977 to 1.23 in 2011. The Bokros package, the financial crisis of 2007–2008, and the European debt crisis all accelerated the downward trend.
Current situation
The Second Orbán Government made saving the nation from the demographic abyss a key aspect and therefore has introduced generous breaks for large families and greatly increased social benefits for all families. Those with three or more children pay virtually no taxes. In just a couple years, Hungary went from being one of the countries spending the least on families in the OECD to being one of those spending the most. In 2015, it was almost 4% of GDP.
Annual number of live births
Fertility rate
Support in salaries
The Orbán Government kept the earlier existed family allowance () and beside that introduced the family tax benefit ().
Marriage support
The government introduced the discount for first married couples (): newly-married couples receive together 5,000 HUF per month for 24 months after marriage.
Housing support
Since 2015, the CSOK (családi otthonteremtési kedvezmény, ) can be required by married couples for used or newly-built houses and apartments if they promise to have one, two, three or four children. The size of support depends on the number of children that the couple plans to have. At least one of the parents must be under 40 years old. They also have to meet the following requirements: unpunished life and 180 days social security payment before the request (in case of one or two children) or 2 years social security payment (in case of 3 or more children). The children - who could be of blood or adoptee - have to live with the parents to fulfill the criteria. They can get CSOK as a fixex sum of money or as preferential mortgage rates on housing. The sum can be calculated as follows:
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! style="width:5%;"| Number of children
! style="width:10%;"| Buying new apartment or house Area
! style="width:10%;"| Buying new apartment or house Preferential mortgage rate
! style="width:10%;"| Buying used apartment or house Area
! style="width:10%;"| Buying used apartment or house Preferential mortgage rate
|-
| 1 child
| Minimum 40 m2 apartment or 70 m2 houses
| 600,000 HUF
| Minimum 40 m2 apartment or house
| 600,000 HUF
|-
| 2 children
| Minimum 50 m2 apartment or 80 m2 houses
| 2,600,000 HUF
| Minimum 50 m2 apartment or house
| 1,430,000 HUF
|-
| 3 children
| Minimum 60 m2 apartment or 90 m2 houses
| 10,000,000 HUF + 10,000,000 HUF fix payment
| Minimum 60 m2 apartment or house
| 2,200,000 HUF
|-
| 4 or more children
| Minimum 60 m2 apartment or 90 m2 houses
| 10,000,000 HUF + 10,000,000 HUF fix payment
| Minimum 70 m2 apartment or house
| 2,750,000 HUF
|}
Families can also refund most of their taxes up to 5 million HUF that they pay for house and building material purchases. Finally, they need to pay only 5% in VAT.
Maternity benefit
The amount of the maternity benefit is equal to the 225% of the minimal pension at the time of birth of the child (64,125 HUF in 2017); in case of twins, it is 300% (85,500 HUF in 2017). It is a one-off support.
Child care allowance
The child care allowance is paid monthly from the child is bien IT is aged 2. The amount is equal to 70% of either the mother's or father's salary up 140% of the current minimum wage, which was 138,000 HUF in 2018.
Free or reduced cost services for children
Several measures were introduced since 2010 that made services free or cheaper for families with children.
Vaccinations against the following diseases are free and obligatory in Hungary: tuberculosis, diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, poliomyelitis, haemophilus influenzae, measles, mumps, rubella, hepatitis, streptococcus pneumoniae. The government made vaccinations for other diseases free, chicken pox, both types of meningitis and rotavirus, in 2018.
Children in the first nine years get free textbooks in school since 2017. Those in higher years but living in disadvantaged conditions, suffering from long-term illness, receiving child protection benefit, or living in a large family with three or more children are also entitled to free textbooks. However, the government plans to provide free textbooks for every pupil and students until the final exam.
Children who live in disadvantaged conditions, suffer from long-term illness, get child protection benefit, or live in a large family with three or more children get also free or half-priced meals in nurseries, kindergartens and schools. Meanwhile, others get them on reduced prices.
Those younger than 20 who willget a European driving licence in Category B (motor vehicles) may both take a course on the KRESZ (similar to the British Highway Code) for free and try the test for the first time at no charge.
For those getti g successful language exam at the B2 or the C1 level, the price of the exam is refunded by the state if the examinee is under 35 years old.
Children may use public transport free if they are accompanied by an adult and do not attend school yet. Pupils, students and undergraduates may use public transport at half price by showing their student card.
Support for parents
Parents of one child have 2 days extra paid vacation. Parents of two children get 4 days. Parents of three or more children receive seven extra paid vacation days, compared to the average Hungarian.
Support for grandmothers
The Women 40 () program makes it possible for women who have worked 40 years to retire to get more time to spend with grandchildren or with their own parents.
Support of Hungarians outside of Hungary
Maternity benefit (outside of Hungary)
Maternity benefit is a one-off support to Hungarian mothers living abroad and amounts to 64,125 HUF per child. In the case of twins, the amount is 85,500 HUF together.
Baby bond (outside of Hungary)
Every Hungarian parent living outside of Hungary may have a 42,500 HUF account per child. The money stays in the bank and bears interest until the child reach the age of 18, When the person may get the final amount.
See also
Demographics of Hungary
References
Further reading
Demographics of Hungary
Hungary
Politics of Hungary
Ili 5 minuta ispred tebe (If Not 5 Minutes Before You) is the fourth studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Tarcus, as well as PGP RTS in 1996.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Obojeni Program.
Personnel
The band
Branislav Babić "Kebra" — vocals
Danica Milovanov "Daca" — vocals, backing vocals
Jovanka Ilić — vocals, backing vocals
Dragan Knežević — guitar, backing vocals
Vladimir Cinkocki "Cina" — drums
Ljubomir Pejić "Ljuba" — bass guitar
Additional personnel
Slobodan Stojšić — executive producer
Branislav Đerić — recorded by
Mileta Grujić — recorded by
Miloš Romić "Šomi" — sampler
Zoran Erkman "Zerkman" — trumpet
Ivana Vince — backing vocals
Jelena Ilić — backing vocals
References
Ili 5 Minuta Ispred Tebe at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
NS rockopedija, novosadska rock scena 1963-2003, Mijatović Bogomir, SWITCH, 2005
Obojeni Program albums
1996 albums
Al Liwa (Arabic: The Standard) was an Arabic language newspaper which was published in Cairo, Egypt, in the period 1900–1912. It was the first mass circulation newspaper in the country. The paper was founded by Mustafa Kamil Pasha. From its start in 1900 to the death of its founder in 1908 Al Liwa adopted a nationalist political stance. Between 1907 and 1910 it was the official organ of the Watani Party which was also established by Mustafa Kamil Pasha. The paper adopted a pan-Islamist political stance between 1908 and 1910. Al Liwa was not affiliated with the Watani Party from 1910 to August 1912 when it was closed down.
History and profile
Mustafa Kamil Pasha launched Al Liwa in 1900 when Al Muayyad, a newspaper in which they published articles, was shut down by the British. The first issue appeared on 2 January that year. The paper had a biweekly supplement entitled Majallat Al Liwa. Al Liwa became popular among young men and one of the most read newspapers in the country. It had the largest readership of 14,000 in the period 1900–1908.
Kamil's articles published in the paper mostly contained their call to resist British existence in Egypt. In 1906 the paper harshly criticized the appointment of Saad Zaghloul as education minister due to their pro-British tendency. In March 1907 the French and English language editions of Al Liwa were launched, namely L'Etendard Egyptien and The Standard Egyptian, respectively. All of these publications were financed by Khedive Abbas Hilmi. In 1908 one of the contributors of the paper was Salama Moussa.
Kamil established a political party, al-Hizb al-Watani (mostly known as Watani party; the National Party or Patriotic Party), in Alexandria on 22 October 1907, and Al Liwa became its official organ. Following the death of Mustafa Kamil on 10 February 1908 Mohammad Farid took over the leadership of the party and reshaped the ideological approach of the paper. Farid fired Mahmud Izzat who had been the executive director of Al Liwa and who was close to Ali Fahmi Kamil, brother of the Mustafa Kamil. In addition, Farid appointed a new editor-in-chief to the paper, Abdulaziz Jawish, who was a religious conservative figure. In 1909 the French and English editions of Al Liwa ceased publication.
Jawish published articles in the paper, criticising the Khedive and their Coptic Prime Minister Boutros Ghali. They supported radical conservative views which led to their arrest and imprisonment in 1909. However, Jawish's writings produced much more significant consequences for both Muslims and Copts in that Prime Minister Boutros Ghali was assassinated by Ibrahim Al Wardani on 21 February 1910. Wardani was close to the Watani party. The British authorities demanded that the paper should change its editorial stance, but Farid denied their request. Instead, they announced that Al Liwa was not affiliated to the Watani party anymore. Farid and other party members established another paper, Al Alam, which was made the official organ of the Watani party. The last issue of Al Liwa was published on 31 August 1912.
References
1900 establishments in Egypt
1912 disestablishments in Egypt
Arabic-language newspapers
Arab nationalism in Egypt
Defunct newspapers published in Egypt
Newspapers published in Cairo
Newspapers established in 1900
Publications disestablished in 1912
Pan-Islamism
Oak Orchard Light was a lighthouse that operated on the shores of Lake Ontario, in New York, United States, at Point Breeze from 1871 to 1916. In 2010 a local community group built a historically accurate replica of the lighthouse near the original site on the east side of Oak Orchard Creek. Originally it had been built at the end of a long wooden pier on the west side.
References
Further reading
Oleszewski, Wes. Great Lakes Lighthouses, American and Canadian: A Comprehensive Directory/Guide to Great Lakes Lighthouses, (Gwinn, Michigan: Avery Color Studios, Inc., 1998) .
U.S. Coast Guard. Historically Famous Lighthouses (Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, 1957).
Wright, Larry and Wright, Patricia. Great Lakes Lighthouses Encyclopedia Hardback (Erin: Boston Mills Press, 2006)
External links
Oak Orchard Lighthouse Museum
US-Lighthouses.com
Lighthouses completed in 1871
Lighthouses in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in Orleans County, New York
Museums in Orleans County, New York
Transportation in Orleans County, New York
Lighthouses of the Great Lakes
Ali Baba International Center is located in Amman, Jordan. The center has full accreditation from the Ministry of Education in Jordan to teach Arabic language to speakers of other languages. The center is also approved to grant US college credit to any eligible students through Brookhaven College in the USA. All courses are taught at Ali Baba International Center by experienced multilingual Jordanian teachers with solid teaching experience . The center offers immersion programs throughout the year. A typical program consist of a language courses, comfortable accommodation and rich extracurricular activities. The language courses are supplemented by cultural and social activities, and guided-tours to the major tourist attractions of Jordan. Participants in the programs will also be encouraged to meet and interact with people everywhere, immersing them in the every fabric of the Jordanian society, gaining for themselves an insider's view of Jordanians lives.
Arabic Programs Description
Program Types Ali Baba International Center offers two types of programs: regular programs and special programs. A short description of each program is given in what follows.
I . Regular programs are offered throughout the year. Two types of regular programs are offered; 1-month group programs, and private programs. A 1-month group program is a package consisting of the followings: a 1-month long intensive Arabic language course, a comfortable accommodation, airport pickup, and an optional tour to a touristic site in Jordan. In the 1-month group program a student takes 80 hours of Arabic language instruction; 5 times a week, 4-hours each time, for a period of 4 weeks. The 80-hour program is equal to a 4-credit course in most universities. Students wishing to study for longer periods can cover consecutive levels of Arabic. Private regular programs are offered anytime of the year. These programs are more flexible since students can take as many hours as they wish and for the duration they need. For both types of regular programs students may request the type of Arabic language they wish to learn; MSA (Modern Standard Arabic), Media Arabic, or Colloquial Arabic. Elementary, intermediate and advanced classes are opened in each month to meet the demands of people having different backgrounds in Arabic. A placement test will be given to the registered students before the start of the course to determine the level and accordingly the appropriate class they should enroll in.
II. Special Programs: a special program is a package consisting of a specialized course in Arabic or a middle eastern or Islamic field, accommodation, and tours around Jordan if desired. The specialized courses are tailored to meet the needs of individuals or groups working in fields like diplomacy, business, culture and others, and therefore may vary in their contents, durations, time of offering, and cost. The following possible special courses can be offered:
Special Arabic Courses : individuals or groups may request specialized Arabic courses in certain fields such diplomacy and political science, economics and business, sports or other professional fields.
Academic Courses: university students may request undergraduate level courses in Archaeology, Islamic Culture, Arabic Culture or Middle Eastern Studies. Courses will be taught in English at the center. Of courses, Arabic language may be offered with the courses, if requested.
German Courses Description
Ali Baba International Center offers two types of programs: regular group programs and individual programs. A short description of each program is given in what follows.
Regular programs are offered throughout the year (from January to December).
Our courses are intensive (16 teaching units weekly, each unit 45 minutes), semi-intensive (12 teaching units weekly) and extensive (9 teaching units weekly) for a period of 4 to 6 weeks. In the group program a student takes 48-60 teaching units of German language instruction for each level.
A placement test will be given to the registered students before the start of the course to determine the level and accordingly the appropriate class they should enroll in.
Individual programs are offered throughout the year (from January to December).
Our individual courses are tailored to meet the needs of individuals or small groups working in fields like medicine, diplomacy, business, and others, and therefore may vary in their contents, durations, time of offering, and cost.
The center cooperates with the Goethe Institute in Amman. All courses are taught at Ali Baba International Center. Experienced multilingual German, Austrian and Jordanian instructors with solid teaching experience and training will be responsible for teaching the German courses. The language courses are supplemented by cultural and social activities. Participants in the programs will also be encouraged to meet and interact with German speaking people in Jordan and everywhere.
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Amman
Education in Amman
Educational organisations based in Jordan
Peperomia argyreia, the watermelon peperomia, is a species of flowering plant in the family Piperaceae, native to northern South America, including Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, and Venezuela. The plant is not closely related to either watermelons or begonias. These terms relate to the shape, markings and texture of the leaves. Growing to tall and broad, it is a perennial with asymmetrical oval green leaves, slightly fleshy, strikingly marked with curved silver stripes, and red stems. Tiny green flower spikes appear in summer.
The Latin specific epithet argyreia means “silvery”.
This decorative plant is valued in cultivation, and in temperate areas is generally grown as a houseplant at a minimum temperature of , in bright light but not direct sun. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
External links
The Internet Peperomia Reference
argyreia
Wayne Dennis (born July 22, 1940) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers #63 and BC Lions #52. They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964. They played college football at University of Montana-Missoula for the Montana Grizzlies.
References
1940 births
BC Lions players
Canadian players of American football
Living people
University of Montana alumni
Montana Grizzlies football players
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Vancouver
The 2015–16 Odense Bulldogs season is the 25th season in the Danish Hockey League since the team was promoted in 1990.
They finished in 5th place in the league with the record 24–18–3 and were picked by 4th-placed Herning Blue Fox for the quarter-finals.
Regular season
League table
Schedule and results
Regular season
Playoffs
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
References
Sport in Odense
Koedfoltos hackeri is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in China (Jiangxi, Fujian).
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
C18 is an untarred road in the Hardap Region of central Namibia. It starts off at the M39 on the Namibia–Botswana border by the Nossob River. It then ends later when it joins the B1. The town of Gibeon and the Fish River can then be accessed by driving down the D1089.
References
Roads in Namibia
Hardap Region
Christopher Blagden (born 26 September 1971) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Quartet San Francisco is a non-traditional and eclectic string quartet led by violinist and String Masters co-founder Jeremy Cohen. The group played their first concert in 2001 and has recorded five albums. Playing a wide range of music genres including jazz, blues, tango, swing, funk, and pop, the group challenges the traditional classical music foundation of the string quartet.
Quartet San Francisco won a tango music competition in New York in 2004, and their albums have been nominated five times for Grammy Awards: three in the Best Classical Crossover Album category and two for Best Engineered Albums, Classical.
Members
Quartet leader and violinist Jeremy Cohen founded the Quartet San Francisco as a forum to explore a multitude of musical styles that were important to them but were not being exercised in their work with other ensembles such as Turtle Island Quartet. Cohen produces the quartet's albums on their label, Violin Jazz. Classically trained under Itzhak Perlman and Anne Crowden, their playing style shows influences of violinists Fritz Kreisler, Joe Venuti, and Eddie South.
A native of Maine, Matthew Szemela joined the quartet in 2012. They have toured and recorded with singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia, recorded with Sufjan Stevens, and in 2006 served as concertmaster of the Hustla Symphony Orchestra for Jay-Z's Reasonable Doubt 10th Anniversary Concert at Radio City Music Hall in New York. They have collaborated with tap dancer, actor, and choreographer Savion Glover on their production Classical Savion, and they have appeared with Sting, Dave Stewart, Lana Del Rey, Cassandra Wilson, the Bill T. Jones/Arnie Zane Dance Company, guitarist Vernon Reid of Living Colour, Susan Sarandon, Beyoncé Knowles, and Olivia Newton-John.
Chad Kaltinger, violist with QSF since 2012, grew up in Chicago and moved to San Francisco in 1997. They have been Principal Violist for Opera San Jose and the Santa Cruz Symphony and has toured in the US and Europe as a multi-instrumentalist with several singer-songwriters and bands. They studied privately at Northwestern University with Peter Slowik, at the University of Illinois with Emanuel Vardi, and at the Aspen Music Festival as a fellowship recipient with Heidi Castleman and Victoria Chiang.
Andrés Vera, a native of Puerto Rico, began playing with the quartet in 2015. At 17 they were invited to join the Miami Symphony Orchestra as a section cellist. They hold a B.A. degree from the University of Miami and an M.M. degree and post-graduate Professional Studies Diploma from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music. They studied with Ross Harbaugh, Jean-Michel Fonteneau, and Jennifer Culp.  They are a founding member of the Cello Street Quartet, with whom they traveled in 2014 to Russia, Kosovo, and Hungary for the U.S. State Department.
Past members
Kelley Maulbetsch played cello for the quartet from 2011 to 2015. Kelley is a freelance performer and teacher in the Bay Area.  They are a member of the Santa Cruz, Monterey, Napa, and Modesto symphonies.  They are also a member of the Sarasota Opera Festival and the Utah Festival Opera. Kelley has participated in music festivals such as Tanglewood, the National Repertory Orchestra, and AIMS in Graz, Austria.  They are a member of Duo Cantando and Tango Porteno. They were a string ensemble coach at the Nueva School, a private teacher, and a faculty member of the Community Music Center in San Francisco.  They are also a certified Suzuki instructor. Kelley received their BM in Cello Performance from the Cleveland Institute of Music, where they studied under Richard Aaron. They have also studied with Irene Sharp.
Alisa Rose played violin for Quartet San Francisco from 2009 to 2012. Born in Wisconsin, they have played in bluegrass bands and at festivals such as Hardly Strictly Bluegrass in San Francisco and the Strawberry Music Festival in Yosemite.  They are director of a San Francisco Conservatory of Music program at a city elementary school and has written an instructional book aimed at music students aged seven to ten years old.
Keith Lawrence, member from March 2008 to 2012, began learning viola in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, at the age of 11, then pursued undergraduate study at Oberlin Conservatory, taking instruction from Peter Slowik and Roger Chase. They attended the Henry Mancini Institute three years during their time at Oberlin. Until 2007, they studied at the DePaul University School of Music with Rami Solomonow.
Michelle Djokic, cellist for the quartet, was a founder of Concordia Chamber Players in New Hope, Pennsylvania, and has lived in the San Francisco Bay Area since 2004. They served as assistant principal cellist of the San Francisco Symphony for two seasons. They joined the New Century Chamber Orchestra in 2008. They have appeared on stage and in the studio many times as a cello soloist, including Carnegie Hall with the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, and as accompanist to violinist Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg. They married professional squash athlete Mark Talbott.
Joel Cohen, Jeremy Cohen's brother, played cello in the group from its inception on Whirled Chamber Music in 2007 and into 2008. Cohen served as co-principal cellist with the Oakland East Bay Symphony from 1979 to 1985, after which they lived in Vienna to perform as principal cellist of the Vienna Chamber Orchestra. Cohen moved to Boston in 1997 and has been involved in various orchestras and chamber music groups including the Boston Symphony Orchestra.  They are a member of the faculty of the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Emily Onderdonk, a San Francisco native, played viola in the group from its first recording in 2002 to early 2008. Onderdonk studied at Manhattan School of Music, earning their bachelor's and master's degrees, after which they enrolled in post-graduate studies at Boston University and the New England Conservatory of Music. They have served as principal violinist for the New York City Opera National Company, the Santa Fe Pro Musica Chamber Orchestra, the Berkeley Symphony Orchestra, the Reno Philharmonic Orchestra, the Opéra National de Lyon touring Europe, and the Sacramento Philharmonic Orchestra.
Kayo Miki helped Quartet San Francisco win the Grand Prize at a tango music competition in May 2004 at the auditorium of the Consulate General of Argentina in New York City. The prize included a trip to Buenos Aires where the quartet performed at Cafe Tortoni and other classic tango dance venues. Born in Nanaimo, British Columbia, they studied violin at the Hochschule Mozarteum in Salzburg and earned bachelor's and master's degrees from the Eastman School of Music.
Dawn Harms, a cousin of musician Tom Waits, played violin in the group from 2002 until 2004. Harms has collaborated with a number of ensembles, including ten years as first violinist of the Harrington String Quartet and five years with the Santa Fe Opera.  They are co-concertmaster of the Oakland East Bay Symphony and concertmaster with the Santa Fe Pro Musica Chamber Orchestra.  They are on the faculty of the Music Department at Stanford University.
James "Jim" Shallenberger, a founding member of the Kronos Quartet, played violin on the 2002 recording Quartet San Francisco. Shallenberger is a member of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra and the San Francisco Opera and Ballet Orchestras.  They are one of the extended faculty of the San Francisco Conservatory of Music.
Albums
Pacific Premieres, the group's fifth album, was released in 2013. The album consists of compositions by four California based composers; Gordon Goodwin, Vince Mendoza, Patrick Williams and Jeremy Cohen. Gordon Goodwin and Vince Mendoza were both nominated for Grammy Awards in the Best New Instrumental Composition category for their tracks on the album. The album was recorded at Skywalker Sound in August 2013.
QSF Plays Brubeck was released in 2009, and became the group's third consecutive nomination for Best Classical Crossover Album. The Dave Brubeck-inspired recording was also nominated for Best Engineered Album, Classical, honoring Judy Kirschner who recorded and mastered the album at Skywalker Sound. The album is the first all-Brubeck string quartet recording.
The group released Whirled Chamber Music as a "mixture of American genres – blues, funk, jazz, tango, and rock." Among the 18 tunes are 7 composed by Raymond Scott. The album was recorded June 12–15, 2007 at Skywalker Sound with veteran audio engineer Leslie Ann Jones. Whirled Chamber Music was nominated for Best Classical Crossover Album.
Látigo, their 2006 CD which featured a number of tangos and Latin-inspired compositions, was nominated for Best Classical Crossover Album and Best Engineered Album, Classical. It was recorded August 22–24, 2005 at Skywalker Sound, with Jones as audio engineer, Kirschner as mixing engineer, and Bernie Grundman as mastering engineer.
Quartet San Francisco, the group's initial self-titled album, debuted in 2002. Cohen was joined by James Shallenberger on violin, Emily Onderdonk on viola, Joel Cohen on cello, and three tracks included James Kerwin on bass violin. Cohen included compositions by Scott and Brubeck, four Argentine tangos, and selections by Henry Mancini and Stevie Wonder.
References
Musical groups established in 2001
American jazz ensembles from California
San Francisco Quartet
2001 establishments in California
Bandits is a 1997 German road movie directed by Katja von Garnier. The film stars Katja Riemann, Jasmin Tabatabai, Nicolette Krebitz and Jutta Hoffmann. Both the film and soundtrack album were commercially successful in Germany, but Bandits grossed less than $25,000 in the United States. Much of the soundtrack was written and performed by the actores themselves. The soundtrack reached number one in the German album charts.
Plot
As part of socio-professional reintegration in a German prison, four women form a band named Bandits. Drummer Emma Moor, a former member of a Jazz group, was abused by the bandleader and shot him. Angelika Angel Kleinschmidt is imprisoned for marriage fraud, they play the bass. Singer and guitarist Ludmilla Luna Nabiba was arrested for aggravated robbery. Marie Irrgang poisoned their husband, is schizoid and suicidal, they play the piano.
On the way to a performance at a prom the band manages to escape from custody. On their way towards Hamburg they hear one of their own songs on the radio, which they sent to record producer Michael Gold. Due to the media attention the Bandits gained, Gold senses profitable business. The four women trick them into paying them without signing the contract they offer, financially securing their escape.
In light of their growing fanbase, the Bandits play a spontaneous concert in a club, however they are interrupted by the police. To evade arrest, they take the American tourist West hostage. The good-looking male causes faction within the group, as they seduce both Angel and Luna. The Bandits leave them behind soon after.
With the police led by Kommissar Schwarz still chasing them, they get surrounded on a bridge. Marie dies of a natural death, and the other bandmembers set the car on fire. Luna and Angel jump into the river, while Emma gets arrested. Soon after, they are freed by the other musicians. With the help of a contact Marie had, they concoct a plan play a gig on a cruise liner and thereby leave the country.
Prior to their departure the Bandits play a farewell show on a rooftop in the harbor. As the police is informed about this, Kommissar Schwarz and a Sondereinsatzkommando rush to the scene. Constrained by the audience and makeshift barriers, the SEK reaches the rooftop only to see the band stage dive down. While Luna, Angel and Emma run towards the cruise liner, Marie appears to be standing behind the guard rail, wearing a red evening dress. Meanwhile, police snipers get into position.
As the Bandits reach the gangway, Kommissar Schwarz addresses them with a bullhorn.
Facing the police, they draw their weapons and throw them away. Kommissar Schwarz, however, misinterprets the move and orders the police snipers to shoot. Realizing their mistake, they look shocked, while shots are heard. The film ends with Marie's hand reaching down to the hands of Luna, Angel and Emma.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes reports 88% approval of Bandits among eight critics.
Attempted remake
Warner Bros. Pictures purchased the rights for an American remake of the film in 1998. Bill Gerber and John Wells were signed on to produce. von Garnier was also attached as producer and was even considered to direct, but they declined, claiming that they already had their dream casting for the movie. Several other directors, such as Joel Schumacher, were considered before music video director Nancy Bardawil was attached to direct in 2002, while Susan Skoog wrote the script. No further development was reported afterwards.
Awards
1998 Bavarian Film Award for best music.
1998 German Film Award Best Actress (Katja Riemann)
1999 Grand Prize at the 10th Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival
References
External links
1997 films
1990s musical films
German musical films
1990s German-language films
1990s English-language films
Films set in Hamburg
Films about musical groups
1990s chase films
Films directed by Katja von Garnier
1990s German films
Birkdale railway station serves the Birkdale suburb of Southport, England. The station is located on the Southport branch of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line.
History
The first Birkdale station opened on the then new, single track Liverpool, Crosby and Southport Railway. This station was located at " Gilbert's Crossing", over half a mile nearer Liverpool than the present station. The line was subsequently developed rapidly, being doubled and completed through to Liverpool. In 1851 this station was replaced by a wholly new, two platform station called "Birkdale Park" which formed the basis of the present day station. By 1910 it had been renamed plain "Birkdale". Both the later station and the original station building at what had evolved to be mapped as "Gilbert's Crossing" can be seen on the Edwardian OS 6" map. The old station building was not demolished until 1965. By 2012 Gilbert's Crossing was obliterated by housing. It was just south of the junction of Dunkirk and Dover roads.
The line became part of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (LYR), on 14 June 1855. who took over from the (LCSR). The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway amalgamated with the London and North Western Railway on 1 January 1922 and in turn was Grouped into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923. Nationalisation followed in 1948 and in 1978 the station became part of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line (operated by British Rail until privatisation in 1995).
The signal box adjacent to the station, built in 1905, is a Grade II listed building.
Facilities
The station is staffed, during all opening hours, and has platform CCTV. There is a booking office and live departure and arrival screens, for passenger information. There is car parking for 90 cars, secure cycle storage for 24 cycles and cycle racks for a further 26 cycles. A subway links both platforms but both platforms can be accessed without steps via the level crossing.
Services
Trains operate every 20 minutes throughout the day from Monday to Saturday and on summer Sundays to Southport to the north, and to Hunts Cross via Liverpool Central to the south. Winter Sunday services are every 30 minutes in each direction.
References
Bibliography
External links
Railway stations in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton
Former Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1848
Railway stations served by Merseyrail
Buildings and structures in Southport
Scott Douglas MacIntyre (born June 22, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, and pianist, and the eighth place finalist on the eighth season of American Idol. MacIntyre is visually impaired, and while not completely blind, they have tunnel vision and has only a two-percent field of vision, both due to Leber's congenital amaurosis.
Early life
MacIntyre was born in Redondo Beach, California to Douglas R. and Carole C. (Williams) MacIntyre and has a younger brother, Todd (born 1988) and a younger sister, Katelyn (born 1991). MacIntyre started playing the piano by ear when they were three years old. They were taught by a neighborhood piano teacher near their home in Redondo Beach, California. At six years of age, they began training in classical music. When Scott turned 10, the family moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They lived there for four years, and in that time Scott studied at the Royal Conservatory of Music. The MacIntyre family then relocated to Arizona and Scott studied under Walter Cosand, a university professor of Arizona State University. They were home-schooled until the age of 14, when they were admitted into Arizona State University's Barrett Honors College and Herberger College of the Arts. Scott won the 2004 Arizona Young Artists Competition at Herberger Theater in the vocal division. In 2005, USA Today named them one of its twenty College Academic All-Stars. In 2005, MacIntyre performed as a guest soloist with the Phoenix Symphony. The same year, MacIntyre was diagnosed with kidney disease and in November 2006, they had to spend ten months undergoing dialysis, severely hampering their capacity to perform and travel. In 2007 on August 22, Walter Cosand's wife Patricia donated their kidney to MacIntyre, which saved their lives. They graduated from ASU in 2005, and they were received in the White House by Laura Bush as one of the RFB&D (Recording for the Blind and Dyslexic) scholarship winners in 2006. They obtained their master's degree at Royal Holloway, University of London and the Royal College of Music, where they studied on a Marshall Scholarship, one of the most competitive scholarships in the United States, awarded to only 40 American students each year.
After their successful run on American Idol, they began dating childhood friend Christina Teich at the end of 2009. In February 2011, the two announced their engagement in People magazine and were married on August 18, 2011, in Scottsdale, Arizona.
American Idol
Overview
MacIntyre auditioned for the eighth season of American Idol in Phoenix, Arizona.  They are the first visually impaired finalist on the show. MacIntyre was eliminated on April 8, 2009, and came in eighth place. MacIntyre was scheduled to perform during the Season 8 Finale with special guest Billy Joel, but the performance was scrapped after Joel unexpectedly cancelled. They performed on the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009 featuring the Top 10 finalists.
Performances and results
MacIntyre was saved first from elimination.
Career
MacIntyre released many albums before becoming a finalist of American Idol. They produced their first CD when they were eleven, and they have recorded five more CDs since then. The first three CDs were classical. The fourth was a Christian pop-rock CD titled "My Guarantee". The fifth CD was recorded with their family. In 2000, at the age of 15, they made their orchestral debut as they performed with the Phoenix Symphony as a guest piano soloist. In 2002 they competed in, and won, the Butterfield Young Artist Competition at ASU. They won the VSA Arts 2008 Young Soloists Award. Scott MacIntyre also plays guitar, drums, percussion, and bass on all of their brother Todd's songs. They released a post-Idol Christmas EP "Christmas Angel" to iTunes in 2009.
Their first full-length post-Idol album, Heartstrings was released on March 11, 2010, to MacIntyre's web site and to digital retailers. Scott performed on American Idol on March 11 to promote their album. The album sold 1,000 copies a week after its release. This album was re-released in 2012 with new original bonus tracks including "I Am Hope" and "Bottom of the Well."
In April 2012 Scott released their first book, By Faith, Not By Sight, with Nashville-based publisher Thomas Nelson. The memoir chronicles the challenges of growing up blind, learning to play the piano, and dealing with an unexpected illness that almost took their life before they ever competed on the popular reality show. The book is available on Amazon, Walmart, and Barnes and Noble.
In August 2013 Scott launched a Kickstarter campaign that raised almost 40k for a new album that will drop in 2014.
In November 2013 Scott released their first full-length Christmas album, Christmas in Paris. The album features twelve tracks including ten arrangements of traditional holiday songs and two original songs, "Christmas Angel," written by MacIntyre and "Christmas in Paris," written by MacIntyre, Aaron Steenhoven and Ryan Hydro.
In November 2014, seven years after their first kidney transplant, MacIntyre announced that they are again experiencing kidney failure. They presently have 18% kidney function, is on the waiting list for a transplant from a deceased donor, and will face dialysis unless a live donor can be found. They released their new inspirational album Lighthouse.
Discography
Classical albums
1997 – Seeing Through Sound at Eleven
1999 – Brothers for all Seasons
2000 – Grand Classics
Pop albums
2003 – My Guarantee
2006 – Somewhere Else
2010 – Heartstrings
2012 – Heartstrings w/ bonus tracks
2013 – Christmas in Paris
2014 – Lighthouse
2021 – Enduring Hope
Collaborations
2005 – MacIntyre Family Singers (with the MacIntyre family)
2008 – Ripped (with brother Todd in the band "The Glutes")
EPs
2009 – View From Above
2009 – Christmas Angel
2017 – Hope Is Rising
Singles
2011 – I Wanna Be There
2016 – Emmanuel
2018 – Look Up!
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Scott MacIntyre – Season 8 Contestants at the American Idol website (owned by Fox Interactive Media)
Scott Douglas MacIntyre Official Website
The Glutes Scott and Todd's band
American expatriates in Canada
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
American Idol participants
American pop keyboardists
American male singer-songwriters
American multi-instrumentalists
Arizona State University alumni
Blind musicians
Marshall Scholars
Musicians from Scottsdale, Arizona
The Royal Conservatory of Music alumni
1985 births
Living people
Musicians from Redondo Beach, California
Alumni of the University of London
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
Singer-songwriters from California
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
20th-century American pianists
Guitarists from Arizona
Guitarists from California
American male pianists
American male guitarists
20th-century American male singers
21st-century American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Arizona
A Vocational Education Committee (VEC) () was a statutory local education body in Ireland that administered some secondary education, most adult education and a very small amount of primary education in the state. Before 1992 VECs had authority over the Dublin Institute of Technology and the Regional Technical Colleges. They existed from 1930 to 2013, when they were replaced by Education and Training Boards.
Establishment
VECs were originally created by the Vocational Education Act 1930, as successors to the Technical Instruction Committees established by the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Act 1899. The original purpose of the committees was to administer continuation and technical education for 14- to 16-year-olds. Continuation education was defined as "general and practical training in preparation for employment in trades", while technical education was described as "pertaining to trades, manufacturers, commerce and other industrial pursuits". To this end the VECs were charged with the duty of setting up and maintaining vocational schools.
Duties
Over time the duties of VECs increased, in particular in the area of adult education. These included:
Post-primary (secondary) education
Vocational Schools
Community Colleges
Further and adult education
Post-Leaving Certificate courses (PLCs)
Youthreach Services
Vocational Training Opportunities Scheme (VTOS)
Community Education
Adult Literacy and Basic Education
Back To Education Initiative (BTEI)
Adult Refugee Programme (ARP)
VECs also administered maintenance grants and bursaries for third-level education until 2012.
In September 2008, County Dublin VEC opened the first Community National School, in Porterstown, Dublin 15. This marked the first time a VEC had become involved in primary school education.
Organisation
VECs were originally established in each administrative county and county borough in the then Irish Free State. In addition, a VEC was formed in those municipal boroughs and urban districts which had a separate Technical Instruction Committee under the 1899 legislation (namely Bray, Drogheda, Sligo, Tralee and Wexford) and in the newly created Borough of Dún Laoghaire.
The number of VECs was reduced to the final number of thirty-three when five town committees were amalgamated with the adjacent county committees, leaving Dún Laoghaire as the only VEC area not consisting of a city or county.
Committees
Each Vocational Education Committee was elected by the county, borough or urban district council and consisted partly of councillors and partly of persons with an "interest and experience in education" and who could be recommended by bodies "interested in manufacture or trades".
The Vocational Education (Amendment) Act 2001 changed the composition of the committees, and parents of students under 18 and members of the staff were also entitled to elect committee members. Members could also be appointed to represent the interests of students, voluntary organisations, community organisations, Irish language interests and business.
List of Vocational Education Committees 1997–2013
Amalgamations and abolition
In October 2010 the Department of Education and Skills announced that the number of VECs was to be reduced from 33 to 16 by amalgamation In 2011 the new government confirmed that scale of reduction but revised the scheme of amalgamations It subsequently announced the establishment of SOLAS, a new steering and funding agency to cover the further education provision of the VECs, which also absorbed the training activities formerly carried out by FÁS.
Under the terms of the Education and Training Boards Act 2013 the VECS were dissolved, being replaced by 16 Education and Training Boards (ETBs) on 1 July 2013:
County Dublin VEC and Dún Laoghaire VEC replaced by Dublin & Dún Laoghaire ETB
City of Dublin VEC replaced by City of Dublin ETB
City of Galway VEC, County Galway VEC and County Roscommon VEC replaced by Galway & Roscommon ETB
County Cork VEC and City of Cork VEC replaced by Cork ETB
County Kerry VEC replaced by Kerry ETB
City of Limerick VEC, County Limerick VEC and County Clare VEC replaced by Limerick & Clare ETB
City of Waterford VEC, County Waterford VEC and County Wexford VEC replaced by Waterford & Wexford ETB
North Tipperary VEC and South Tipperary VEC replaced by Tipperary ETB
County Donegal VEC replaced by Donegal ETB
County Kildare VEC and County Wicklow VEC replaced by Kildare & Wicklow ETB
County Mayo VEC, County Sligo VEC and County Leitrim VEC replaced by Mayo, Sligo & Leitrim ETB
County Cavan VEC and County Monaghan VEC replaced by Cavan & Monaghan ETB
County Laois VEC and County Offaly VEC replaced by Laois & Offaly ETB
County Carlow VEC and County Kilkenny VEC replaced by Kilkenny & Carlow ETB
County Longford VEC and County Westmeath VEC replaced by Longford & Westmeath ETB
County Meath VEC and County Louth VEC replaced by Louth & Meath ETB
References
External links
Irish Vocational Education Association
Education in the Republic of Ireland
Secondary education in Ireland
Adrian Smiseth Sejersted (born 16 July 1994) is a Norwegian World Cup alpine ski racer, and specializes in the speed events of downhill and super-G.
At the Junior World Championships, they finished eighth and ninth in 2012, followed by a bronze medal in super-G in 2013. In 2014 they improved further, first to a silver medal in super combined before they won the downhill.
Sejersted made their World Cup debut in March 2014 in Lenzerheide, where they also collected their first World Cup points with a 14th-place finish. Their first top ten came in December 2016, and first podium in December 2020.
They represent the sports club Stabæk IF, and is the younger brother of retired ski racer, Lotte Smiseth Sejersted.
World Cup results
Season standings
Race podiums
2 podiums - (2 SG)
World Championship results
Olympic results
References
External links
Adrian Smiseth Sejersted World Cup standings at the International Ski Federation
Atomic Skis – athletes – Adrian Sejersted
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bærum
Norwegian male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Norway
Stimulator may refer to:
something that provides stimulation
Medicine
Spinal cord stimulator, an implantable neuromodulation device
Sacral nerve stimulator, for bladder and/or bowel control
Sacral anterior root stimulator
Thalamic stimulator, to suppress tremors
Vagus nerve stimulator, for epilepsy and treatment-resistant depression
Music
Stimulator (band), an American alternative rock band
The Stimulators, an American punk rock band
Other uses
Stimulator (dry fly), an artificial fly for fishing
Stimulator (gastropod), a genus of molusc
See also
Matthew Holm is an American writer, web developer and artist.  They are the illustrator of the children's storybook "Babymouse" series.
Personal life
Holm was raised in Audubon, Pennsylvania with their three brothers and one sister. Their father was a pediatrician, and their mother was a pediatric nurse. Holm attended Penn State University where they were the political cartoonist for Penn State University newspaper. After graduation from college they joined their sister Jennifer Holm in New York, creating artwork to self-publish on the internet. Holm and their wife moved from New York's Hudson Valley in 2007 to Northeast Portland, Oregon.
Career
Holm started their career as an editor at the Hearst Corporation's Country Living Magazine. They wrote about topics including homebuilding, architecture, and historic preservation to food, travel, and current events for eight years.
Holm is a web creative director and business consultant at Hot Knife Design Incorporation, where they aid in developing user-friendly web interfaces. Matt has been the Vice Chair of the Computer-Human Interaction Forum of Oregon (CHIFOO).
Holm is also an illustrator. They team up with their sister Jennifer Holm (Jenni) in creating comic books for children. Jenni and Matt grew up playing with stuffed mice which gave Jenni the idea of writing a comic book about a female mouse that has a girly, sassy attitude, and a passion for pink. Jenni writes the series of comic books, and Matt illustrates them. They named this comic book Babymouse. With the help of editor Shana Corey and director Cathy Goldsmith, Babymouse became an award-winning comic book where more than a million copies are currently in print and selling as of 2013. They have also created Babymouse T-shirts and messenger bags.
The Holm siblings collaborate over a distance (Jenni lives in Maryland) through the Internet and by courier, expanding on their series of comic books. They have created a second comic book series, released in 2011, called "Squish" . A novel called Middle School Is Worse Than Meatloaf, with more detailed illustrations, has also been released. There are several other books, written by other writers, that Matt has illustrated: Suburbageddon (1999), I Fooled You: Ten Stories of Tricks, Jokes and Switcheroos (2010), Gray Highway: An American UFO Journey (2010), and Marty Gray ( Ebook) (2010).
Notable works
Babymouse series
Queen of the World (2005)
Our Hero (2005)
Beach Babe (2006)
Rockstar (2006)
Heartbreaker (2006)
Camp Babymouse (2007)
Skater Girl (2007)
Puppy Love (2007)
Monster Mash (2008)
The Musical (2009)
Dragonslayer (2009)
Burns Rubber (2010)
Cupcake Tycoon (2010)
Mad Scientist (2011)
A Very Babymouse Christmas (2011)
Extreme Babymouse (2012)
Happy Birthday, Babymouse.
Squish series
Super Amoeba (2011)
Brave New Pond (2011)
Other works
Suburbageddon (1999)
Middle School Is Worse Than Meatloaf: A Year Told Through Stuff (2007)
I Fooled You: Ten Stories of Tricks, Jokes and Switcheroos (2010)
Gray Highway: An American UFO Journey (2010)
Marty Gray ( Ebook) (2010)
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male writers
The pecten or pecten oculi is a comb-like structure of blood vessels belonging to the choroid in the eye of a bird. It is a non-sensory, pigmented structure that projects into the vitreous humor from the point where the optic nerve enters the eyeball. The pecten is believed to both nourish the retina and control the pH of the vitreous body. High level of enzyme alkaline phosphatase activity in pecten oculi has been linked to transport of nutrient molecules from highly vascularized pecten oculi into vitreous and then into retinal cells for nourishment. It is present in all birds and some reptiles.
In the vertebrate eye, blood vessels lie in front of the retina, partially obscuring the image. The pecten helps to solve this problem by greatly reducing the number of blood vessels in the retina and leading to the extremely sharp eyesight of birds such as hawks. The pigmentation of the pecten is believed to protect the blood vessels against damage from ultraviolet light. Stray light absorption by melanin granules of pecten oculi is also considered to give rise to small increments in temperature of pecten and eye; this may offer increased metabolic rate to optimize eye physiology in low temperatures at high-altitude flights. The structure varies across bird species and is conical in the kiwi, vaned in the ostrich and pleated in most other birds.
See also
Conus papillaris, a similar structure found in reptiles
References
Birds
The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II.
The tournament consists of two parts, the qualification phase and the final phase (officially called the World Cup Finals). The qualification phase, which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals, is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals. The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title, at venues within the host nation (or nations) over a period of about a month. The World Cup Finals is the most widely viewed sporting event in the world, with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final.
Paraguay have appeared in the finals of the World Cup on eight occasions, the first being at the very first finals in 1930, where they finished in 9th position. Their last participation in the tournament was in 2010, where they reached the quarter-finals for the first time.
Overall record
*Denotes draws including knockout matches decided via penalty shoot-out.
By match
Record by opponent
The results
Paraguay competed at three World Cups by 1958, and after a long gap they re-appeared in 1986. Later, they achieved a streak of four participations: South Africa 2010 was Paraguay's fourth consecutive trip to the World Cup final tournament, having previously qualified for the final in 1998, 2002 and 2006. After a poor qualifying campaign, however, Paraguay failed to qualify for the tournament in 2014, missing out on the chance to play in a World Cup hosted on their own continent, in Brazil. Three times they survived the first round of the international football tournament, with the summit being in 2010 where reached the quarter-finals.
1930 FIFA World Cup
In the first round, Paraguay debuted and lost to the United States (0–3), to then defeat Belgium (1–0) with a goal by Luis Vargas Peña. Only one team was to advance from the group stage, and the U.S. left Paraguay behind.
Linesmen:
Martin Aphesteguy (Uruguay)
Anibal Tejada (Uruguay)
Linesmen:
José Macías (Argentina)
Domingo Lombardi (Uruguay)
1950 FIFA World Cup
In their return to the World Cup, Paraguay faced Sweden and Italy in Group 3. Paraguay failed to advance to the next round after a 2–2 draw against Sweden and a 2–0 loss against Italy.
1958 FIFA World Cup
For the 1958 World Cup, Paraguay surprisingly qualified ahead of Uruguay (beating them 5–0 in the decisive game) with a team that contained a formidable attacking lineup with stars such as Juan Bautista Agüero, José Parodi, Juan Romero, Cayetano Ré and Florencio Amarilla. In their first game in Sweden, Paraguay were 3–2 up against France in a game they lost 7–3. A 3–2 win over Scotland and a 3–3 draw with Yugoslavia saw Paraguay finish third in their group.
1986 FIFA World Cup
Paraguay ended a 28-year absence from the World Cup in 1986 with a team starring Roberto Fernández in goal; Cesar Zabala, Rogelio Delgado and Juan Bautista Torales in defense; Jorge Amado Nunes and Vladimiro Schettina in midfield; midfield playmaker Julio César Romero and strikers Roberto Cabañas, Ramón Hicks and Rolando Chilavert (older brother of José Luis Chilavert). In first round matches, Paraguay defeated Iraq (1–0, goal Romerito) and then tied Mexico (1–1, goal Romerito) and Belgium (2–2, both goals Roberto Cabañas). They reached the second round where they were beaten 3–0 by England.
1998 FIFA World Cup
A new generation of players helped end the World Cup drought in grand fashion, as the Albirroja reached the 1998 World Cup in France by qualifying in second place in South America, behind Argentina. The first round matches were against Bulgaria (0–0), Spain (0–0), and Nigeria (3–1; goals Celso Ayala, Miguel Ángel Benítez and José Cardozo). Paraguay qualified to the second round (Round of 16) to be defeated in a thrilling match against hosts and eventual World Champions France. France only scored through Laurent Blanc in the 114th minute, during the second half of overtime (making it the first golden goal scored in a World Cup). Paraguay's central defending duo (Carlos Gamarra and Celso Ayala) and goalkeeper José Luis Chilavert were selected for the all-star World Cup team.
Assistant referees:
Achmat Salie (South Africa)
Hussain Ghadanfari (Kuwait)
Fourth official:
Nikolai Levnikov (Russia)
Assistant referees:
Aristidis Chris Soldatos (South Africa)
Owen Powell (Jamaica)
Fourth official:
Esse Baharmast (United States)
Assistant referees:
Mohamed Al Musawi (Oman)
Mikael Milsson (Sweden)
Fourth official:
Masayoshi Okada (Japan)
Assistant referees:
Nimal Wickeramatunge (Sri Lanka)
Lencie Fred (Vanuatu)
Fourth official:
Esse Baharmast (United States)
2002 FIFA World Cup
Paraguay returned to the world's greatest stage once more in the 2002 World Cup. In their first match, Paraguay tied South Africa 2–2 (goals: Roque Santa Cruz and Francisco Arce). Paraguay lost to Spain in the second game (1–3) and finally defeated Slovenia (3–1; goals Nelson Cuevas, twice, and Jorge Luis Campos) to qualify for the second round. Germany ended Paraguay's dreams in the World Cup with an 88-minute goal.
All times local (UTC+9)
Man of the Match:
Francisco Arce (Paraguay)
Assistant referees:
Igor Šramka (Slovakia)
Curtis Charles (Antigua and Barbuda)
Fourth official:
Hugh Dallas (Scotland)
Man of the Match:
Fernando Morientes (Spain)
Assistant referees:
Wagih Farag (Egypt)
Brighton Mudzamiri (Zimbabwe)
Fourth official:
Mohamed Guezzaz (Morocco)
Man of the Match:
Nelson Cuevas (Paraguay)
Assistant referees:
Leif Lindberg (Sweden)
Visva Krishnan (Singapore)
Fourth official:
Kim Young-joo (South Korea)
Man of the Match:
Jens Jeremies (Germany)
Assistant referees:
Curtis Charles (Antigua and Barbuda)
Dramane Dante (Mali)
Fourth official:
Hugh Dallas (Scotland)
2006 FIFA World Cup
In 2006, Paraguay qualified for its third World Cup in a row. This time, two early defeats against England and Sweden (both 0–1) sent the team home early. The only consolation was defeating Trinidad and Tobago during the last and final group game by 2–0.
All times local (CEST/UTC+2)
Man of the Match:
Frank Lampard (England)
Assistant referees:
José Luis Camargo (Mexico)
Leonel Leal (Costa Rica)
Fourth official:
Coffi Codjia (Benin)
Fifth official:
Celestin Ntagungira (Rwanda)
Man of the Match:
Freddie Ljungberg (Sweden)
Assistant referees:
Roman Slysko (Slovakia)
Martin Balko (Slovakia)
Fourth official:
Jerome Damon (South Africa)
Fifth official:
Enock Molefe (South Africa)
Man of the Match:
Julio dos Santos (Paraguay)
Assistant referees:
Cristiano Copelli (Italy)
Alessandro Stagnelli (Italy)
Fourth official:
Frank De Bleeckere (Belgium)
Fifth official:
Peter Hermans (Belgium)
2010 FIFA World Cup
In their fourth consecutive World Cup appearance, Paraguay eventually reached the quarter-finals. Drawn into Group F along with defending champions Italy, Slovakia and New Zealand, they opened their tournament with a draw against the Italians, holding them 1–1 thanks to a first-half goal from Antolín Alcaraz. In their second match, they beat Slovakia 2–0 with goals from Enrique Vera and Christian Riveros. Their final group match saw a goalless draw with New Zealand, clinching first place in Group F and setting up a date with Japan. Another goalless draw with the Japanese after 120 minutes went to penalties, which Paraguay won 5–3, advancing them for the first time in their history to the World Cup round of eight. In the quarter-finals, they met powerhouses Spain, to whom they lost 1–0 in a game where a goal by Nelson Valdez was controversially called an offside by the referee. The game also featured each team being awarded a penalty, both of which were contained, first by Spain's Iker Casillas and then Paraguay's Justo Villar (both were also team captains for the game).
The Albirroja arrived back from South Africa on Monday, July 5 at 3:30 AM. Upon arrival, they were greeted by over 3,000 fans at the airport and were decorated by the President of Paraguay. Gerardo Martino announced that they would take some time to decide their future, although the Paraguayan Football Association has offered them a four-year contract to continue at the helm. Roque Santa Cruz also announced that this would be their last World Cup, but that they may play one more tournament, the Copa América in Argentina in 2011.
All times local (UTC+02)
Man of the Match:
Antolín Alcaraz (Paraguay)
Assistant referees:
Héctor Vergara (Canada)
Marvin Torrentera (Mexico)
Fourth official:
Joel Aguilar (El Salvador)
Fifth official:
Juan Zumba (El Salvador)
Man of the Match:
Enrique Vera (Paraguay)
Assistant referees:
Evarist Menkouande (Cameroon)
Bechir Hassani (Tunisia)
Fourth official:
Joel Aguilar (El Salvador)
Fifth official:
Juan Zumba (El Salvador)
Man of the Match:
Roque Santa Cruz (Paraguay)
Assistant referees:
Toru Sagara (Japan)
Jeong Hae-sang (South Korea)
Fourth official:
Koman Coulibaly (Mali)
Fifth official:
Inacio Manuel Candido (Angola)
Paraguay and Japan met at the Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria on 29 June 2010. The match was decided by a penalty shootout after the score was locked at 0–0 for 120 minutes. Paraguay won the shootout and progressed to its first ever World Cup quarter-final. The match was a generally unexciting affair, as Japan adopted a defensive posture while Paraguay itself maintained a solid defence. The first half produced the occasional chance on goal with Lucas Barrios having a shot saved shortly before a long distance shot from Daisuke Matsui hit the crossbar of Paraguay's goal. The second half was similar, with either side producing occasional chances to score rather than periods of dominance. The result of the deadlock was extra time, which continued goalless. A penalty shootout ensued, in which Yūichi Komano missed a spot kick for Japan. Paraguay scored all five of its penalties, clinching the win and passage to the quarter-finals. After the match, Japan head coach Takeshi Okada resigned and Shunsuke Nakamura retired from international football.
Man of the Match:
Keisuke Honda (Japan)
Assistant referees:
Peter Hermans (Belgium)
Walter Vromans (Belgium)
Fourth official:
Peter O'Leary (New Zealand)
Fifth official:
Matthew Taro (Solomon Islands)
On 3 July 2010, Spain defeated Paraguay 1–0 to secure entry to the semi-finals where they would meet Germany. It was the first time that Spain had progressed to the semi-final of a World Cup since 1950; while for the defeated Paraguay, the quarter-final appearance was also the country's best ever performance.
The first half of the match finished goalless, although both sides had chances to score and Paraguay's Nelson Valdez had a goal ruled out as offside. The match suddenly became eventful in the second half due to a string of penalty kicks. First, Óscar Cardozo was pulled down by Gerard Piqué in Spain's penalty area and Paraguay was awarded a penalty. Cardozo took the penalty themselves but it was saved by Spain's goalkeeper Iker Casillas. Spain soon after launched an attack at the other end of the field, in which David Villa was ruled by the referee to have been brought down by Antolín Alcaraz. Xabi Alonso stepped up to take the penalty kick and seemed to have scored, only for the referee to order it be retaken because of encroachment by a Spanish player into the penalty area before the kick was taken. Xabi Alonso's retake was saved by Paraguayan goalkeeper Justo Villar. As a result, the score remained 0–0 after the three penalty kicks. Spain, however, ultimately managed to take the lead in the 82nd minute: David Villa collected a rebounded shot off the post from Pedro, to score themselves off the post. The goal turned out to be the winner for Spain. After the match, Spain coach Vicente del Bosque conceded that their side were not playing at their best and were starved of possession. They also noted their view that Spain's next opponents Germany were the best team at the World Cup. Paraguay coach Gerardo Martino stated they would be leaving their position at the end of their contract.
Man of the Match:
Andrés Iniesta (Spain)
Assistant referees:
Leonel Leal (Costa Rica)
Carlos Pastrana (Honduras)
Fourth official:
Benito Archundia (Mexico)
Fifth official:
Héctor Vergara (Canada)
Record players
World Cup goalscorers
References
External links
Paraguay at FIFA
World Cup Finals Statistics
Paraguay national football team
Countries at the FIFA World Cup
The 1902 Columbia Blue and White football team was an American football team that represented Columbia University as an independent during the 1902 college football season. In its first season under head coach Bill Morley, the team compiled a 6–4–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of including six shutouts.
Halfback Harold Weekes was the team captain. They also received second-team honors from Caspar Whitney on the 1902 All-America team.
Columbia's sports teams were commonly called the "Blue and White" in this era, but had no official nickname. The name "Lions" would not be adopted until 1910.
The team played its seven home games at the Polo Grounds in Upper Manhattan.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
Columbia Blue and White football
The Status Civilization is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert Sheckley, first published in 1960.
The Status Civilization concerns Will Barrent, a man who finds himself, without memory of any crime or, indeed, of their previous life, being shipped across space to the planet Omega.
Omega, used to imprison extreme offenders, has a hierarchical society of extreme brutality, where the only way to advance (and avoid dying) is to commit an endless series of crimes. The average life expectancy from time of arrival on Omega is three years. The story concerns Barrent's attempt to survive, escape, and return to Earth to clear themselves of the accusations against him.
Plot summary
Earth is a uniform, weakly structured, utopian society based on the mutual trust and conformity of its citizens. It is sleepy and stagnant, developing neither socially nor technologically. Its striking social stability is maintained by robots brainwashing children in "closed classes." The ideologies of both Earth and Omega resemble one another, differing only in words. On Omega, the citizens worship Evil (always capitalized) in a cult dedicated to an entity called The Black One. On Earth, the world religion is an amalgam of all the "good" aspects of previous Earth religions. Its institution is the Church of the Spirit of Mankind Incarnate.
As Barrent comes closer to the truth about the reasons for their incarceration, their Omegan consciousness conflicts with their subconsciousness which was programmed in the closed classes by the robots when they were a child. The subsequent psychological struggle is played out by repeating all of the previous fights and battles which Barrent experienced throughout the book, eventually making clear the vision (or "skrenning") which the mutant girl on Omega foresaw of Barrent's death.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed The Status Civilization for White Dwarf #80, and stated that "unsubtle, action-packed fun with satirical touches, set on a world where crime is the law and the hero soon gets into trouble for non-drug addiction."
Reviews
Review by Alfred Bester (1960) in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, December 1960
Review by Frederik Pohl (1961) in If, #8 [UK]
Review by John Carnell (1961) in New Worlds Science Fiction, #104 March
Review by P. Schuyler Miller (1961) in Analog Science Fact and Fiction, July 1961
Review by Joseph Nicholas (1979) in Paperback Parlour, August 1979
Review by Chris Morgan (1979) in Vector 95
Review by Martyn Taylor (1986) in Paperback Inferno, #62
References
External links
Official site of Robert Sheckley
1960 American novels
1960 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Dystopian novels
Novels by Robert Sheckley
Social science fiction
Signet Books books
The chestnut piculet (Picumnus cinnamomeus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in northern Colombia and north western Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
chestnut piculet
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of Venezuela
chestnut piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Clouds Over Hellesta (Swedish: Moln över Hellesta) is a 1954 Swedish thriller novel by Margit Söderholm. A young woman arrives at their future husband's country estate, and is disturbed by the mysterious death of their first wife.
Film adaptation
In 1956 it was made into the film Moon Over Hellesta directed by Rolf Husberg and starring Anita Björk.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Gaster, Adrian. The International Authors and Writers Who's Who. International Biographical Centre, 1977.
1954 Swedish novels
Swedish novels adapted into films
Swedish thriller novels
Novels by Margit Söderholm
The Princess and the Marine are a 2001 American made-for-television romantic drama film based on the true story of American Marine Jason Johnson and Bahraini Princess Meriam Al-Khalifa, with stars Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Marisol Nichols in the roles of Jason and Meriam.
Plot
Meriam Al Khalifa (Marisol Nichols) is a Bahraini royal who is not content to be in an arranged marriage, even though their strict Muslim parents would never allow a union with a non-Muslim. In the movie, Meriam is allowed to go to the local mall and watch and listen to American pop culture.
One day, they desperately make some random calls to strangers, including a Marine stationed at the U.S. embassy named Jason Johnson (Mark-Paul Gosselaar). After meeting, the two become friends and later fall in love, but Meriam doesn't tell anyone because of their parents. After being caught kissing at the Tree of Life, their mother forbids any more contact between the two. Meriam and Jason exchange letters with the help of a jeweler in the mall, and plan to run away to America with a fake passport for Meriam and pass them off as a fellow Marine.
Once in America, Meriam is taken in by the local authorities for being an illegal immigrant and is separated from Jason. Meriam is released after asking for asylum, saying she'd be disowned or even killed if they returned to Bahrain. Meriam and Jason marry in Las Vegas, and they are stripped of their insignia and rank to Private in the Marines.
The film concludes with Meriam and Jason stationed at a base, looking outside at an American flag, while a Marine holding a copy of the Quran salutes. It is then that Meriam tells Jason that this is what they believe in (America - freedom).
Cast
Mark-Paul Gosselaar as Jason Johnson
Marisol Nichols as Meriam Al-Khalifa
Luck Hari as Meriam's mother
Alexis Lopes as Latifa
Keith Robinson as Trucker
Sheetal Sheth as Layla
Awards/Nominations
Marisol Nichols was nominated for ALMA Awards-Outstanding Actress for their role in this movie.
See also
Meriam Al Khalifa
House of Khalifa
Bahrain
Tree of Life, Bahrain
References
External links
Interview with Meriam Al Khalifa
Meriam Al Khalifa on Twitter
2000s American films
2000s English-language films
2001 films
2001 romantic drama films
2001 television films
American interfaith romance films
American romantic drama films
American television films
Fictional couples
Films about princesses
Films about the United States Marine Corps
Films directed by Mike Robe
Films set in Bahrain
Films set in the Las Vegas Valley
Films shot in California
Romance films based on actual events
Romance television films
Lija Athletic Football Club (Commonly referred to as Lija Athletic) is a football team originating from the village of Lija, Malta. The present club was founded in 1949 and has competed in the Maltese Premier League five times. During the 2021–22 Maltese Challenge League campaign, Lija Athletic finished in 7th place and although finishing in mid table, well-known striker Lydon Micallef finished as the league top scorer with 18 goals to their name.
History
Although the first team in Lija is believed to have been formed in the 1930s, the first team to take part in the competitions organised by the Malta Football Association were Lija Amateurs. Lija Amateurs were founded in 1944 and in season 1944–45, they took part in the Second Division. The team was disbanded after three years.
In 1948–49, the present club, Lija Athletic were founded. The club joined the MFA and played in Division Three. The team was gaining momentum, until during a Third Division league match against Qormi Youngsters in March 1957, the referee abandoned the game due to fighting between the players. The MFA suspended the club from all football activities. However this decision was reviewed and the team was back in 1958.
The club tasted its first success when winning the Third Division Championship in 1962–63. The team was relegated in 1968–69 and it took Lija Athletic nine years to regain promotion to the Second Division, once again winning the Third Division title. The introduction of the Premier Division by the MFA in 1980 meant that all clubs were promoted by one division. Lija Athletic found themselves in the First Division. After a rather good performance during the first season in Division One, Lija were relegated in 1981–82.
The club won promotion to the First Division in 1987–88, but after one year they were back to Division Two. In 1990–91, Lija Athletic were relegated to the Third Division. After three years in Division Three, the Athletic won three consecutive promotions way up to the Premier League after winning the championships of Divisions Three and Two and placing second in Division One. In the Premier League for the first time ever, during the season of 1996–97, Lija Athletic had a very hard time with the big guns of local football, and were relegated after placing last.
Lija Athletic regained Premiership status after placing second in season 2001–02, and after a quick return to Division One, they managed to regain promotion thanks to the runner-up position obtained in season 2003–04. Once again the Premier Division challenge was too much, and with 3 wins, 2 draws and 19 lost games, Lija finished in last place. In 2005–06 Lija Athletic continued the habit of leaving their division after one year, but this time the destination was the Second Division, after finishing 9th with 18 points in 18 games. In 2006–07 the team obtained a position in mid-table, finishing 7th place. In spite of a poorer record, the team climbed to 6th place the following season.
In 2008–09 Lija Athletic were able to challenge for promotion, although they had to settle for third place behind Melita FC and local rivals Balzan Youths, thereby just missing out.
The 2009–10 season saw Lija Athletic strengthening the squad with several experienced players and some talented youngsters. From the early stages it was obvious the team would again be challengers for promotion, and with 48 points Lija Athletic won the Second Division championship and secured promotion to the First Division.
In Season 2013–14, Lija Athletic reached a new milestone when qualifying for the FA Trophy Semi-finals for the first time in the club's history, following exceptional wins including one against Premier giants, Floriana F.C. Lija Athletic were eliminated from the competition with a narrow 0–1 loss to Qormi F.C. in the FA Trophy Semi-final.
Following seven (7) seasons in the First Division, Lija Athletic regained promotion to the top flight, the Premier League, for the fourth time in the club's history, this time winning the First Division League with a total of 54 points. This is the first time in the club's history that Lija Athletic won the First Division Championship, with a relatively young squad.
Players
Current squad (2022–23)
Current Staff (2021-22)
Technical Team (2022-23)
Administration (2021–22)
Records
Club Top Scorers
History (2000's Era)
External links
Official website
Official website
Football clubs in Malta
Association football clubs established in 1949
1949 establishments in Malta
Vidal Rock is a rock west of Ferrer Point in southern Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. It was named by the first Chilean Antarctic Expedition (1947) for mariner Osvaldo Vidal, in charge of echo sounding on the frigate Iquique.
Rock formations of Antarctica
Kristin Demann (born 7 April 1993) is a German football defender, currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg.
Club career
In May 2022, Demann signed to join VfL Wolfsburg.
International career
They were a member of the German Under-19 national team that won the 2011 U-19 European Championship.
Career statistics
International
International goal
Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first:
Honours
Club
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam
Bundesliga: Winner 2010–11, 2011–12
Bayern Munich
Frauen-Bundesliga: Winner 2020-21
International
UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship: Winner 2011
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
German women's footballers
People from Gehrden
Women's association football defenders
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam players
Germany women's international footballers
FC Bayern Munich (women) players
2. Frauen-Bundesliga players
Frauen-Bundesliga players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim (women) players
Footballers from Lower Saxony
1. FC Köln (women) players
VfL Wolfsburg (women) players
UEFA Women's Euro 2017 players
Hrenovice (; ) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography
Hrenovice stands in the lower part of the Pivka Basin. The compactly built-up main part of the village lies along a side rode on the east slope of Kres Hill (). The hamlet of Pri Bolku lies to the south, along the old main road from Razdrto to Postojna. The hamlet of Fara (also known as Pri Fara or Na Hribu) lies to the west. The two main springs in the settlement, named Bajer na Loki (literally, 'the pond in the flood meadow') and Grilova ograda (literally, 'Gril's enclosure'), are located in Pri Bolku. At the northeast edge of the village, spruce-covered Pugled Hill () rises above the Nanoščica River, which is subject to frequent flooding.
History
Partisan units were often active in the area during the Second World War. German forces shelled Partisan forces in Fara on April 23, 1944. The attack burned several houses and damaged the church tower, but the church, which also caught fire, was saved.
Church
The parish church, built about 1 km west of the main village in the hamlet of Fara, is dedicated to Saint Martin and belongs to the Koper Diocese. It was built in the Middle Ages and then reworked several times. It contains sculptures by Michael Cussa (1657–1699), Alojzij Goetzl (1820–1905), and Franc Ksaver Tončič (1865–1919), and paintings created in 1942/43 by Tone Kralj and their wife Mara Kralj.
References
External links
Hrenovice on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Brigitte Jordan was a German-American professor, scientist, and consultant who was described as the midwife to the "Anthropology of Birth". They attended Sacramento State College where they received their bachelor's and master's degrees, and later attended the University of California, Irvine where they completed their PhD.
Early life and education
Brigitte "Gitti" Jordan was born in Passau, Germany, in 1937. Them parents were Gertrude Frank Muller, who died in 1944 when Jordan was seven, and Josef Karl Muller.
Jordan earned their B.A. and M.A. degrees in anthropology at California State University at Sacramento, and their Ph.D. in social science/anthropology from University of California at Irvine in 1975.
Career and later life
Jordan spent much of their early career studying obstetrical anthropology and cross-cultural birth practices. Rayna Rapp praised Jordan for their authoritative knowledge of childbirth: "Jordan uses their exquisite sense of description to birth a theoretical framework." Jordan's theoretical concept of authoritative knowledge has been employed by countless scholars to account for the subsuming of some ways of knowing by others and also to show how knowledge can be laterally distributed.
In 1988, Jordan began working as a corporate anthropologist, and their research and consulting interests evolved to include the changing nature of work under the impact of new communication and information technologies and the consequent transformation of ways of life, societal institutions, and global economies.
Jordan later opened their own consulting practice where they held appointments as the Principal Scientist at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center and as Senior Research Scientist at the Institute for Research on Learning. This led to them receiving the Excellence in Science and Technology Award from the Xerox Corporation for innovative work.
Jordan's research on the relationship between humans and technology has influenced organizations outside of the field of anthropology, such as the Special Interest Group on Computer-Human Interaction (SIGCHI).  They are also credited with the development of corporate anthropology.
Personal life
After marrying Richard Jordan, an American soldier stationed in Germany, in 1958, Jordan came to the United States. There, they gave birth to three children: Wayne, Susan, and Kimsey. The couple divorced in 1968 and Jordan and married Robert Irwin.
Later life and death
Jordan died of pancreatic cancer in their home on May 24, 2016. They lived to be 78, leaving behind their husband, three children, six grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren. Although Jordan had pancreatic cancer, they made it known to others that they did not want to be treated as incapable because of their condition. They refused medication and remained mentally and intellectually active until the end of their life. They continued to live life in a normalized manner, and helped form them obituary.
Career honors
Jordan received the Margaret Mead Award in 1980 for their 1978 book Birth in Four Cultures: A Crosscultural Investigation of Childbirth in Yucatan, Holland, Sweden, and the United States. Them work is credited with inspiring a range of responses within the field of reproductive anthropology that integrated their approaches to their examinations of the social, cultural and biological implications of birth around the world.  They are known for showing how knowledge can be "laterally distributed," shared by all, and understood by all.
In 2015, Jordan was inducted into the American Anthropological Association's (AAA) Distinguished Member program which honors members who have loyally supported the Association for 50 years or more.
Works
Die Bedeutung der Fernröntgen-Profil-Aufnahme für die Indikation der kieferorthopädischen Extraktionstherapie (1966) [in German]
Untersuchung zur einfachen radioimmunologischen Testosteronbestimmung mit einer Kieselgelmikrosäule (1977) [in German]
Birth in Four Cultures: A Crosscultural Investigation of Childbirth in Yucatan, Holland, Sweden, and the United States (1978) Montreal: Eden Press Women's Publications
Technology Transfer in Obstetrics: Theory and Practice in Developing Countries (1986) East Lansing, MI: Michigan State University
Modes of Teaching and Learning: Questions Raised by the Training of Traditional Birth Attendants (1987) Palo Alto, Calif.: Institute for Research on Learning
Knowing by Doing: Lessons Traditional Midwives Taught Me (1988) East Lansing, MI: Michigan State University
Successful Home Birth and Midwifery: The Dutch Model (1993) Westport, Conn.: Bergin & Garvey
Advancing Ethnography in Corporate Environments: Challenges and Emerging Opportunities (2012) Walnut Creek, CA: Left Coast
References
External links
Brigitte Jordan papers at the Sophia Smith Collection, Smith College Special Collections
1938 births
2016 deaths
American anthropologists
American women scientists
American women writers
California State University, Sacramento alumni
German emigrants to the United States
University of California, Irvine alumni
Xerox people
21st-century American women
Hacıosmanoğlu, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Kaztal (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Kaztal. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
Circolo Sportivo Italiano is a Peruvian football club, playing in the department of Pueblo Libre, Lima.
History
The club have played at the highest level of Peruvian football on nine occasions, from 1926 Peruvian Primera División until 1934 Peruvian Primera División when was relegated.
Year-by-year
Notable players
Tulio Quiñones
Jorge Pardón García
Honours
National
Peruvian Primera División: 0
Runner-up (1): 1929
Regional
Liga Distrital de San Isidro:
Runner-up (3): 2013, 2015, 2022
Women's volleyball
Liga Nacional Superior de Voleibol:
Winners (2): 2003, 2008–09
Runner-up (1): 2018–19
See also
List of football clubs in Peru
Peruvian football league system
References
RSSSF
Football clubs in Peru
East End Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building at 2609 Sixth Avenue South in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in 1947 in a style that can be described as Romanesque Revival, but has been well described by Jay Price as mid-century traditional. It added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. During the Civil Rights Movement it was led by the Reverend Calvin W. Woods.
References
African-American history in Birmingham, Alabama
Baptist churches in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Renaissance Revival architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1947
Baptist churches in Birmingham, Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
1947 establishments in Alabama
Iroij Namo Hermios (died 27 March 1981) was a Marshallese chief and politician. They served as a member of the House of Representatives of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands between 1965 and 1968, and as a member of the Marshall Islands Legislature until their death.
Biography
Hermios worked for the Marshall Islands Import-Export Company. They became Iroij of the northern islands of the Ratak Chain, and served in the House of Iroij, the upper house of the Marshallese legislature.
In 1965 they were elected to the new House of Delegates of the TTPI Congress representing the Marshalls 4th District. They were re-elected in 1966, serving until the 1968 elections. They later became a member of the Marshallese Legislature and was elected Vice President in 1975. They were re-elected from the First District in 1978 and then from the Maloelap Atoll constituency in 1979.
They died in March 1981 shortly after returning from a trip to Hawaii for a check on their leukaemia.
References
Marshallese chiefs
Members of the Congress of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands
Members of the Legislature of the Marshall Islands
1981 deaths
Year of birth missing
(Franz) Peter Utzelmann (1 May 1896-1972) was German communist. They were a founding member of the Communist Workers' Party of Germany (KAPD). They were the coordinator of the strike committee at the Leuna works.
Over 25,000 workers at the plant went on strike during the March Action in 1921.
References
1896 births
1972 deaths
German communists
Chaos Break -Episode from "Chaos Heat"- is a third-person shooter survival horror brawler game that was released for the Sony PlayStation in 2000.
Chaos Break is the sequel to the 1998 arcade game Chaos Heat.
Plot
Chaos Break is essentially a third-person beat 'em up shooter game just like its arcade predecessor, with echoes of survival horror action and areas with similarities to games such as Dino Crisis and Half-Life. Set in an abandoned, contaminated biochemical laboratory; Fluxus Biomateril Industries Lab 7, a civilian research facility set on an isolated island. The two playable characters; Mitsuki and Rick, who are D.E.F agents, an investigatory and cleansing task force that are sent out to check the facility, and retrieve the research data. Find the cause of an 'anomalous thermal reaction and find out what happened to the missing D.E.F agent that HQ lost contact with two days ago.
Progress through the game is made by defeating the enemies, which in this case are alien parasitic lifeforms, mutated staff members and the laboratory's robotic security drones, collect level-clearance pass cards and data which are CD discs. Looting the corpses and lockers for health, ammo and key items to progress through the facility and with a in-game 24-hour clock that affect some of the doors' access window. An element of survival horror is introduced at the computer terminals, where the player can save their game and read the E-Mails that explain some of the back-story of those who worked at the civilian research facility before the outbreak.
Gameplay
Chaos Break is a third person, survival horror game.
References
2000 video games
Horror video games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation (console)-only games
Taito games
Third-person shooters
Video games set on islands
Video games developed in Japan
Lettuce is a leafy vegetable. The name is also applied to other related and unrelated plants. Including the leafy vegetable these are
the cultivated lettuce, Lactuca sativa
other species of the genus Lactuca
wall lettuce, Mycelis muralis or Lactuca muralis
miner's lettuce, Claytonia perfoliata
lamb's lettuce, Valerianella locusta
chalk lettuce, Dudleya pulverulenta
Lettuce may also refer to:
Lettuce (band), American funk band
Fresh Lettuce (band), American rap band
Lettuce sandwich
Hedda Lettuce, American drag performer
Lettuce Lake, a body of water in Lettuce Lake Park
See also
Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises, a restaurant consortium
Lettice (disambiguation)
Procinonide (developmental code RS-2362; also known as fluocinolone acetonide propionate) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Acetonides
Secondary alcohols
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Corticosteroid esters
Organofluorides
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Propionate esters
Diketones
Abandoned drugs
David Odlum is an Irish music producer, engineer, guitarist, and drummer who has worked and played with Academy Award winners and Mercury Prize nominees. Originally a member of Kíla, a band which was founded during their schooldays at Coláiste Eoin, they left them and joined rock group The Frames, fronted by the Academy Award-winner Glen Hansard, and with whom they played guitar from 1990 until 2002. Since leaving the band, they have pursued a career as a music producer. Odlum has established a long running association with singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes, producing their Mercury Prize-nominated debut album Night on My Side, as well as later albums The Hollow of Morning, Let It Break and an as-yet untitled fifth album due in 2014. Odlum also played briefly with them (along with their brother, Karl Odlum).
Other musicians for whom Odlum has produced albums include The Frames, with whom they worked on the album Burn the Maps after they had left the band, dEUS, Nina Hynes, Josh Ritter, Eoin Coughlan, Ham Sandwich (Carry the Meek), Luka Bloom (Eleven Songs) and Miriam Ingram (Trampoline). In late January 2012 Odlum travelled to Australia to record Australian indie band Blackchords.
Career
Odlum began their musical career as one of a series of about twenty buskers on the streets of Dublin. They joined Kíla, a band made up of a group of these buskers, where they played in the city's live venues. Colm Mac Con Iomaire featured alongside Odlum in Kíla and the two later formed The Frames alongside fellow busker Glen Hansard. The buskers' sense of camaraderie led to them raising enough money between them to make a record "on a shoestring budget". They enlisted ex-Boomtown Rats member Pete Briquette to produce their record. The Frames were soon being recognised by the renowned producer Trevor Horn and a string of MTV Europe Music Awards nominations followed for the song "Revelate". Odlum co-produced the band's album Dance the Devil and also For the Birds with Steve Albini and Craig Ward which led to the band achieving acclaim at home and internationally. Having been a founding member of the band in 1990 Odlum left in November 2001/February 2002. Upon leaving The Frames soon afterwards they set about producing for other musical ensembles. They played guitar on Mic Christopher's 'Heyday' EP. Christopher was another close friend of Odlum's and a member of the original Dublin street buskers. They also played drums and electric guitar on Mark Geary's 2004 album Ghosts. and produced Raining Down Arrows by Mundy. Odlum also gave a talk at The Music Show on 5 October 2008.
Bands
Kíla (1987–1990)
The Frames (1990 – 2001, 2002)
Personal life
Odlum previously dated Gemma Hayes, having first met the singer in the Irish Film Centre's coffee shop. Hayes had called Odlum to ask them about making a demo and then invited them to one of their shows to hear them songs. They started recording at Mic Christopher's house as Odlum was living there at the time. When Christopher had a motorbike accident which led to broken ribs, a leg and a lengthy stay in hospital, the duo finished one of their songs and sang it to them in their hospital ward.
Selected production work
References
External links
David Odlum at Hot Press
namespace:David Odlum
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Irish buskers
Irish record producers
Lead guitarists
People educated at Coláiste Eoin
Irish rock guitarists
The Frames members
This is a list of films that reflect the criteria of the Deaf cinema movement: written, produced or directed by deaf people with leading deaf actors. All these works have a tendency to nurture and develop the culture's self image and to reflect correctly the core of the Deaf culture and language.
List of films
List of documentaries
See also
List of films featuring the deaf and hard of hearing
References
Bibliography
Deaf culture
Films about deaf people
The Simpson County School District is a public school district based in Mendenhall, Mississippi, USA. The district's boundaries parallel those of Simpson County.
Schools
Magee High School
Mendenhall High School
Magee Middle School
Mendenhall Junior High School
Magee Elementary School
Mendenhall Elementary School
Simpson Central School
In 2022 the district plans to consolidate the two high schools into a single school. The two were previously athletic rivals. Mac Gordon, a former newspaper employee from McComb, Mississippi who wrote an editorial for The Clarion Ledger, described the consolidation as "stunning news" considering that it involves two high schools with "sound" performance in academic parameters, in "progressive communities with much pride" in these institutions. The consolidated facility will be known as Simpson County High School. In February 2022 the district proposed a bond for $39 million for the new high school; if passed, the art and sports facilities would open at the same time the new high school opens. Voters rejected the bond.
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 4,292 students enrolled in the Simpson County School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 52.40% African American, 46.44% White, 0.89% Hispanic, 0.16% Native American, and 0.12% Asian. 67.1% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
Further reading
https://www.simpsoncounty.ms:443/local-news/school-district-proceeding-consolidation
https://www.simpsoncounty.ms/front-page-slideshow-news/consolidated-high-school-proposal-be-presented#sthash.AQVxGgdq.dpbs
External links
Education in Simpson County, Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
School districts in the Jackson metropolitan area, Mississippi
The Women's 400 metre individual medley competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 25 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 09:00.
Final
The final was held at 19:01.
References
Women's 400 metre individual medley
39th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 27, 1974
(announced January 3, 1974)
Best Picture:
Day for Night
The 39th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, 27 January 1974, honored the best filmmaking of 1973.
Winners
Best Actor:
Marlon Brando - Last Tango in Paris (Ultimo tango a Parigi)
Runner-up: Al Pacino - Serpico
Best Actress:
Joanne Woodward - Summer Wishes, Winter Dreams
Runner-up: Glenda Jackson - A Touch of Class
Best Director:
François Truffaut - Day for Night (La nuit américaine)
Runner-up: Costa-Gavras - State of Siege (État de siège)
Best Film:
Day for Night (La nuit américaine)
Runners-up: American Graffiti and Last Tango in Paris (Ultimo tango a Parigi)
Best Screenplay:
George Lucas, Gloria Katz and Willard Huyck - American Graffiti
Best Supporting Actor:
Robert De Niro - Mean Streets
Runner-up: John Houseman - The Paper Chase
Best Supporting Actress:
Valentina Cortese - Day for Night (La nuit américaine)
References
External links
1973 Awards
1973
New York Film Critics Circle Awards, 1973
1973 in American cinema
1973 in New York City
1973 awards in the United States
Billy Anderson may refer to:
Broncho Billy Anderson (1880–1971), American actor and filmmaker
Billy Anderson (running back) (born 1929), American football player
Billy Anderson (quarterback) (1941–1996), American football player
Billy Anderson (Australian footballer) (1892–1954), Australian rules footballer
Billy Dean Anderson (1934–1979), armed robber on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list
Billy Anderson (producer), American record producer and musician active since 1988
See also
William Anderson (disambiguation)
Wil Anderson (born 1974), Australian comedian, performing stand-up, as well as on television and radio
Bill Andersen (1924–2005), New Zealand Communist and trade union leader
Bill Andersen (politician) (born 1936)
Steven Charles Witkoff (born March 15, 1957) is an American real estate investor and landlord based in New York City, and founder of the Witkoff Group.
Early life and education
Witkoff was born to a Jewish family in the Bronx and raised in Baldwin Harbor, New York and Old Westbury, New York, the son of Martin and Lois Witkoff. Their father was a manufacturer of ladies' coats in New York City. They earned a J.D. from Hofstra University. After school they worked for the real estate law firm Dreyer & Traub, where one of their clients was Donald Trump.
Career
In 1985, they partnered with fellow Dreyer & Traub attorney Laurence Gluck and founded Stellar Management (the name Stellar is derived from Steve and Larry) and purchased cheap buildings in Washington Heights, Manhattan. They accumulated a small portfolio of buildings and in 1995, they expanded into lower Manhattan, buying several cheap office buildings. In 1996, they were able to secure financing from Credit Suisse First Boston for the purchase of 33 Maiden Lane, a 27-story tower designed by Philip Johnson. A close relationship with Credit Suisse First Boston soon developed and Witkoff was able to purchase additional properties - typically using very little of their own money - including the landmark News Building.
In 1998, they and partner Rubin Schron purchased the Woolworth Building for $137.5 million and they expanded their portfolio to include real estate purchases in Chicago, Dallas and Philadelphia. In 1998, the planned IPO of their company was cancelled due to the collapse of the real estate market and Witkoff and Gluck dissolved their partnership with Gluck taking the residential properties and Witkoff the office buildings. Witkoff founded the Witkoff Group and expanded into residential construction and rehab.
As of 2013, Witkoff owns about 30 properties in the United States and London. In November 2013, the Witkoff Group announced their purchase of the Helmsley Park Lane Hotel (New York).
In August 2017, Witkoff purchased the unfinished Fontainebleau Resort Las Vegas in Las Vegas.
In February 2018, Witkoff announced the former Fontainebleau will be developed and open in 2020 as The Drew Las Vegas, named after Witkoff's son, Andrew (nicknamed "Drew"), who died of a drug overdose in 2011. The Drew Las Vegas will open in partnership with Marriott International Inc., and will be the first JW Marriott on the Las Vegas Strip.
In April 2019, Witkoff announced that the Drew's opening will be pushed back to the second quarter of 2022 to allow more certainty about their construction project. The property was previously scheduled to open in late 2020.
Personal life
Witkoff lives on the Upper East Side in Manhattan. In 1987, they married Lauren Rappoport. They have three sons. In 2011, their son Andrew died of an OxyContin overdose at the now-closed Sunset Plaza Drive sober living facility in California.
References
1957 births
American real estate businesspeople
20th-century American Jews
Businesspeople from New York City
People from the Bronx
Maurice A. Deane School of Law alumni
Living people
People from Hempstead (town), New York
People from Old Westbury, New York
People from the Upper East Side
American landlords
21st-century American Jews
Cass Township may refer to:
Illinois
Cass Township, Fulton County, Illinois
Indiana
Cass Township, Clay County, Indiana
Cass Township, Dubois County, Indiana
Cass Township, Greene County, Indiana
Cass Township, LaPorte County, Indiana
Cass Township, Ohio County, Indiana
Cass Township, Pulaski County, Indiana
Cass Township, Sullivan County, Indiana
Cass Township, White County, Indiana
Iowa
Cass Township, Boone County, Iowa
Cass Township, Cass County, Iowa
Cass Township, Cedar County, Iowa
Cass Township, Clayton County, Iowa
Cass Township, Guthrie County, Iowa
Cass Township, Hamilton County, Iowa
Cass Township, Harrison County, Iowa
Cass Township, Jones County, Iowa
Cass Township, Shelby County, Iowa
Cass Township, Wapello County, Iowa
Missouri
Cass Township, Douglas County, Missouri, in Douglas County, Missouri
Cass Township, Greene County, Missouri
Cass Township, Stone County, Missouri, in Stone County, Missouri
Cass Township, Texas County, Missouri
Ohio
Cass Township, Hancock County, Ohio
Cass Township, Muskingum County, Ohio
Cass Township, Richland County, Ohio
Pennsylvania
Cass Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
Cass Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Township name disambiguation pages
Claremont School of Theology (CST) is an American graduate school focused on religion and theology and located in Claremont, California. CST is fully recognized and approved as one of thirteen official theological schools of the United Methodist Church.
History
Founded as the Maclay School of Theology in San Fernando, California, in 1885, (and thus Claremont Lincoln University) the Methodist seminary was founded by Charles Maclay, founder of the town of San Fernando, former Methodist minister and state senator. The school became affiliated with the University of Southern California (USC) from 1900 to 1957, staying on the USC campus until it moved to its present location in Claremont. The school is one of thirteen seminaries affiliated with the United Methodist Church, though usually more than forty different denominations are represented in the student body in any given school term.
In a 2008 meeting, the board of trustees sets in motion the Claremont University Project by approving the following mission statement: "As an ecumenical and inter-religious institution, Claremont School of Theology seeks to instill students with the ethical integrity, religious intelligence, and intercultural understanding necessary to become effective in thought and action as leaders in the increasingly diverse, multireligious world of the 21st century." On May 16, 2011, the University Project was officially named Claremont Lincoln University. In doing so, CST became a founding member of a new multireligious consortium - this was the original intent for Claremont Lincoln University (CLU). On April 21, 2014, CST's board of trustees announced an official end to the relationship with Claremont Lincoln University. The mutual split resulted from an acknowledgement that both institutions' "fundamental philosophies have diverged" when "Claremont Lincoln decided to move away from its interreligious roots and become a secular-focused university" after CLU announced "a decision to discontinue several of its programs". In the same announcement, CST's board of trustees affirmed a commitment to maintaining relationships with its partner schools (the Academy for Jewish Religion (California) and Bayan Claremont).
In July 2017, after failing to reach agreement with Claremont Graduate University about a land deal, CST began negotiations to merge with Willamette University in Salem, Oregon. After the signing of a memorandum of understanding in May 2019, in July 2020, the school began the 2-3 year process of moving to and embedding with Willamette. In 2021, following years of legal battles between the Claremont Consortium, the Claremont School of Theology decided to "maintain its presence in Southern California with its main campus located in Claremont, while also retaining a partnership in Salem with Willamette".
CST is home to the Ancient Biblical Manuscript Center (ABMC), a research center devoted to the documentary history of Judaism and Christianity. It also houses the Center for Process Studies (CPS), a joint faculty center of Claremont School of Theology and the Claremont Graduate University. The CPS promotes a "relational approach" found in process thought, specifically process theology. CST also has a strong representation of students and faculty from all along the Pacific Rim. It houses the Center for Pacific and Asian-American Ministries (CPAAM), which provides ministerial education and other services to enhance ministry to Pacific and Asian American constituencies of all denominations.
Among the non-Methodist institutions sharing the CST campus are the Episcopal Theological School at Claremont and the Disciples Seminary Foundation.
Accreditation
, the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) Senior College and University Commission had the Claremont School of Theology listed as "Accredited with Notice of Concern" related to a commission action from February 2020. However, the school is accredited by the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada (ATS).
Notable faculty
Jon Berquist
Philip Clayton
John B. Cobb (emeritus)
Monica Coleman (emerita)
Roland Faber
David Ray Griffin (emeritus)
Rolf Knierim (emeritus)
Burton L. Mack (emeritus)
Dennis R. MacDonald
James M. Robinson (emeritus)
Rosemary Radford Ruether
James A. Sanders (emeritus)
Deepak Shimkhada (adjunct)
Marjorie Hewitt Suchocki (emerita)
Marvin A. Sweeney
Notable alumni
David Augsburger
Michel Weber
Thomas Jay Oord
Robert B. "Bobs" Watson
Rosemary Radford Ruether
Mary Elizabeth Moore
Tripp Fuller
References
External links
Accreditation information at Western Association of Schools and Colleges
United Methodist seminaries
Seminaries and theological colleges in California
Schools accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Educational institutions established in 1885
Claremont, California
San Gabriel Valley
1885 establishments in California
Pallacanestro Mantovana, known for sponsorship reasons as Dinamica Mantova, is an Italian professional basketball team based in Mantua, Lombardy. Founded in 2004, the side plays in the second division Serie A2 as of the 2015–16 season.
The team is also known as Stings Mantova, because the bee is its historic corporate symbol.
History
In 2004, with an agreement between Pallacanestro Mirandola and Polisportiva Poggese Basket, the A.D. Pallacanestro Primavera Mirandola was born.
In 2010–11 it achieved the historic promotion to Serie B.
In 2013–14 Mantova was relegated to DNA Silver. At the beginning of this season, the name of the team was changed to Pallacanestro Mantova.
After a great season it achieved the promotion in DNA Gold. In the 2014–15 season, it returned to the Serie A2 Basket.
References
External links
Official website
2004 establishments in Italy
Basketball teams established in 2004
Basketball teams in Lombardy
Rimebrekka Slope () is a crevassed ice slope 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Rimekalvane Nunataks in the Weyprecht Mountains of Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Rimebrekka (the frost slope).
Ice slopes of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Maria Manuela Conceição Carvalho Margarido (1925 Roça Olímpia, Príncipe Island - March 10, 2007 in Lisbon) was a São Tomé and Príncipe (or Santomean) poet.
Biography
They were born in 1925 to a judge David Guedes de Carvalho, a Portuguese Jew from Porto and a mother of Goa Portuguese, and Angolan origin. They attended a Franciscan school at Valença and later studied at Colégio do Sagrado Coração de Maria in Lisbon.
Manuela Margarido embraced the cause for the fight against colonialism, even in the 1950s, the affirmed the independence of the archipelago. In 1953, they rose their voice against the Batepá massacre perpetrated by Portuguese colonialism. Margarido regularly visited Casa dos Estudantes do Império, the Imperial House of Students, a facility that became the center of liberation movements in the Portuguese colonies of Africa. There, they met Alfredo Margarido, Edmundo Bettencourt, Cândido da Costa Pinto and Manuel de Castro.
They denounced in poetry and against colonial oppression and the misery that Santomeans lived and worked in coffee and cocoa plantations.
They studied religious studies, sociology, ethnology and film at École Pratique de Hautes Études (Practical School of High Studies) and at Sorbonne in Paris where they were exiled. They were later a librarian and secretary there.
After the Carnation Revolution in Portugal in April 1974 where the Estado Novo fascist regime ended, they returned to São Tomé and Príncipe where they were later ambassador of their country in Brussels and took part in different international organizations. They also worked in the theatre and work for the Portuguese review "Estudos Ultramarinos" ("Overseas Studies")
In Lisbon, where they later lived, Margarido took part in the dissemination of their country's culture, having considered by Alda Espírito Santo, Caetano da Costa Alegre and Francisco José Tenreiro, one of the greatest names in Santomean poetry.
In other works, they were consecutive council member of the Atalaia review, of the Interdisciplinary Science, Technolocy and Society Centre at the University of Lisbon (Centro Interdisciplinar de Ciência, Tecnologia e Sociedade da Universidade de Lisboa (CICTSUL)).
They later died in the former imperial capital of Lisbon that they fought at the age of 83 at Hospital São Francisco Xavier, where they were hospitalized. Them funeral took place at the headquarters of the Grande Oriente Lusitano.
Works
Them the greatest work was Alto como o silêncio, published in 1957.
References
Further reading
Inocência Mata: Manuela Margarido: uma poetisa lírica entre o cânone e a margem (Manuela Margarido: A Lyric Poetess in Canon and Edge); SCRIPTA, Belo Horizonte, v. 8, n. 15, p. 240–252, 2. 2004
External links
Memory from the island of Príncipe , (Principean Creole)
1925 births
2007 deaths
São Tomé and Príncipe poets
São Tomé and Príncipe women poets
People from Príncipe
Ambassadors of São Tomé and Príncipe
20th-century poets
20th-century women writers
Sanqiao 三锹话 (三橇) is a mixed Dong–Miao language spoken in Liping County and Jinping County, Guizhou, China by about 6,000 people.
The Sanqiao people sing traditional songs using the Suantang language (酸汤话), a Sinitic language that is similar to New Xiang.
Classification
Sanqiao vocabulary is about 30–40% Miao (Hmu) and 40%-50% Dong (Kam), with the remainder consisting of Chinese words. Sanqiao speakers can understand the local Dong and Miao dialects, but the Dong and Miao cannot understand the Sanqiao language.
Distribution
In Liping County and Jinping County, Guizhou, the Sanqiao live in just over 20 villages, with over 6,000 people (Yu 2017).
Sanqiao in a broader sense, however, is a grouping of about 30,000 people who speak unrelated languages, who are spread across Jingzhou, Huitong, Tongdao, and Suining counties of Hunan, and Liping, Jinping, and Tianzhu counties of Guizhou. In Hunan, they are also known as the Flowery Miao 花苗 or Flowery-clothed Miao 花衣苗, while in Guizhou they are known as the Sanqiao people 三撬人.
The Sanqiao are distributed in the following locations of Qiandongnan Prefecture, Guizhou (Deng 2010). There are 22 villages in total.
Liping County
Pingdi Township 平底乡, Shangchong District 尚重区: Cendun 岑趸, Wushan 乌山, Bijie 俾嗟, Yanpi 眼批, Dongweng 董翁, Guidou 归斗, Guiya 归雅, Wule 乌勒, Pingdi 平底, Wupeng 乌碰, Tangtu 塘途, Gaoliang 高练, Biyazhai 俾雅寨
Dajia Township 大稼乡: Cennuzhai 岑努寨
Jinping County
Pinglüe 平略 and Qimeng 启蒙 townships: Zhaizao 寨早, Wendou 文斗, Shengli 胜利, Guben 固本, Xinming 新明, Dicha 地茶, Qimeng 启蒙, Yuhe 裕河
References
Yu Dazhong [余达忠]. 2017. "Ethnic Interactions and the Formation of the Sanqiu People in the Borderland of Modern Hunan, Guizhou and Guangxi Provinces [近代湘黔桂边区的族群互动和“三锹人”的形成]". In Journal of Guizhou Education University [贵州师范学院学报], Vol. 33, No. 1 (Jan 2017).
External links
“锹人”释考
Chinese-based pidgins and creoles
Languages of China
Mixed languages
Hmongic languages
Kam–Sui languages
The year 718 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 36 Ab urbe condita . The denomination 718 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Events
Gyges becomes the ruler of Lydia.
Births
Deaths
References
710s BC
Prince Eugene Jean of Savoy (Eugene Jean François; 23 September 1714 – 23 November 1734) was the last Count of Soissons of the House of Savoy.
Life
The only son of Emmanuel Thomas, Count of Soissons (a member of the House of Savoy-Carignano), and Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein, they succeeded to their father's titles, Count of Soissons and Duke of Troppau, when the latter died in 1729. In 1731, Eugene Jean became a Knight in the Austrian Order of the Golden Fleece, like their father.
In Massa on 10 November 1734 they were married by proxy to Princess Maria Teresa Cybo-Malaspina (1725–1790), Duchess of Massa and Princess of Carrara in their own right. As the bridegroom died thirteen days later in Mannheim, however, the marriage was annulled on the basis that it was never consummated. Maria Teresa would later marry Ercole III d'Este, Duke of Modena.
With their death, the title "Count of Soissons" became extinct and reverted to the French crown. The title "Duke of Troppau" returned to their mother, whose estates passed to Franz Joseph I, Prince of Liechtenstein, when they died in 1772.
Ancestry
1714 births
1734 deaths
Princes of Savoy
Eugene Jean of Savoy-Carignan
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Generals of the Holy Roman Empire
A suit is a set of garments with matching pieces, typically a jacket and trousers.
Suit or suits may also refer to:
Suit (cards), one of four groups into which a deck of cards is divided
Lawsuit, an action brought before a court to recover a right or redress a grievance
Arts and media
Suit (album), a 2004 album by Nelly
Suits (album), a 1994 album by Fish
Suits (film), a 1999 American comedy film
Suits (American TV series), a 2011 series on the USA Network
Suits (South Korean TV series), a Korean remake of the U.S. series
Suits (Japanese TV series), a Japanese remake of the U.S. series
Suits (Arabic TV series), an Arabic remake of the U.S. series
"Suit & Tie", a song by Justin Timberlake
Clothing
Beekeeping suit, worn by an apiarist to prevent stings when handling honeybees
Boilersuit, or coverall, a loose-fitting one-piece clothing
Diving suit, for use underwater
Dry suit, for use in colder water, or where hazardous chemicals may be encountered
Wetsuit, for use in warmer water
Environmental suit, a clothing used for a particular activity or environment
Jumpsuit, a one-piece clothing with sleeves and legs
Leisure suit
Racing suit, a special clothing worn by racing drivers during races
Ski suit, for skiing
Space suit, for use in outer space
Swimsuit, a clothing for use in water sports or sunbathing
See also
Suite (disambiguation)
fr:Combinaison
Annette McCarthy is an American actor who is best known for their role as Evelyn Marsh in the second season of Twin Peaks, and as Dr. Wendy Oliver in the cult movie Creature (1985). They also appeared in several TV movies and series, including Baywatch and noteworthy episodes of Night Court and Riptide.
Career
They were stage trained in both New York City and Los Angeles and continues to work in theatre. They have also been in several commercials.
Television series
They had roles in a variety of major TV shows of the day, including: St. Elsewhere, The Twilight Zone, Happy Days, Beauty and the Beast, Magnum, P.I., The Fall Guy, and played a lesbian character in an episode of Night Court called "Passion Plundered" that has been noted by critics. They also played wealthy heiress Kathleen Huntington on Baywatch.
Twin Peaks
They were hired by David Lynch for their role in Twin Peaks. Them character Evelyn Marsh was a controversial addition, appearing in a string of episodes in a storyline that was meant to emulate film noir movies during a weak stretch of the show's second season, shortly after the conclusion of its main plotline (the reveal of Laura Palmer's killer) when the writers were struggling to come up with new storylines. One episode was one of the rare directorial projects of actor Diane Keaton's, which McCarthy found memorable.
Riptide
They also played "Rosalind Grant", the name derived from Rosalind Russell and Cary Grant but the character itself a parody of Cybill Shepherd's character Maddie Hayes in Moonlighting, in the penultimate episode of Riptide called "If You Can't Beat Em, Join Em" shortly before its cancellation, in part due to being beaten in the ratings by Moonlighting. This episode drew a lot of press attention at the time, with both Entertainment Tonight and the Los Angeles Times running features on it.
Films
They made their feature film debut in Second Thoughts (1983) and played Dr. Wendy Oliver in Creature (1985).
Under contract to ABC, McCarthy starred in several made-for-TV movies, including Crazy Times (1981), Fugitive Among Us (1992), and A Cry For Love (1980).
Personal life
 They are the niece of actor Joan Hackett.
References
External links
Living people
American film actores
American television actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The Kaituna River is in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand. It is the outflow from Lakes Rotorua and Rotoiti, and flows northwards for , emptying into the Bay of Plenty near Te Puke. It was the subject of a claim concerning the effluent flowing down the river from Lake Rotorua, which resulted in movement to a land treatment system.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "eat eels" for Kaituna.
The upper section of the Kaituna, also referred to as Okere River, offers some of the best whitewater kayaking and rafting in the world, with the Okere Falls area containing the highest commercially rafted waterfall, , in the world. It is also famous for its trout fishing.
Cultural claim
During the 1970s Lake Rotorua was becoming eutrophic under heavy nutrient loadings, leading the Ministry of Works to propose diverting some sewage flow into the Kaituna River. Local iwi objected however, and filed a claim with the Waitangi Tribunal. Their objections included the insult to other iwi (leading to loss of mana) and destruction of the rivers mauri (life force or essence) which they believed would destroy its ability to sustain aquatic life. The Ministry of Works report however stated that the mauri concept was essentially religious in nature and not scientifically verifiable, while on the other hand diluting the waste would help prevent excess pollution and keep costs at a reasonable level. In Māori culture religion and science are not treated separately as they tend to be in Western culture.
In 1990 however, the Rotorua Land Treatment Scheme saw an upgrade to treatment facilities to remove 80% of nitrogen and phosphorus from the effluent, and land application to reduce eutrophication and satisfy Māori cultural wishes. This has led to better environmental, economic and cultural outcomes for all parties.
Power generation
The upper reaches of the Kaituna river was the site of a small power station which was in operation from 1901 to 1936, the first generating plant built by the New Zealand government. Several proposals for a larger power station have been considered, however the high cost of these projects has meant that none has been built to date.
In 2008 there was a consultation regarding the installation of a new hydro electric power dam below the river at the end of Trout Pool Road. This would involve the creation of a man made dam and the flooding of some land, destroying a section of river known as "Awesome Gorge" and leaving the section known as "Gnarly Gorge" with a highly reduced flow. Kayaking and rafting groups and local iwi raised objections. The Department of Conservation granted a concession for the project in December 2007.
Whitewater
The Kaituna River is a world-famous white-water destination. The river has been run regularly by rafting and kayak since 1991. It is used for recreational kayaking, commercial tandem kayaking, rafting and sledging. It is a winter destination for paddlers from the northern hemisphere. The entrance to the upper gorge contains a slalom course that has been used by international teams for their off-season training prior to world championships and Olympic competition. The upper gorge contains a number of play features, including the famous "bottom hole". The entire river has been run. The temperate rainforest, warm water, and its unusual character means the river is well known in international whitewater kayak videos.
Notable waterfalls in the upper gorge are Okere Falls, Tutea Falls (the highest commercially rafted waterfall), and Trout Pool Falls, all of which are accessible via the Okere Falls track.
References
Treaty of Waitangi
Rivers of the Bay of Plenty Region
Rivers of New Zealand
This is a list of Brazilian television related events from 1969.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Births
16 January - Daniela Escobar, actor & TV host
6 November - Leona Cavalli, actor
Deaths
See also
1969 in Brazil
The Siemens E40 AG-V1 is a type of electric locomotive built by Siemens Mobility for use in Queensland, Australia.
History
The design is based on the Queensland Railways 3700 class electric locomotive, rebuilt by UGL Rail from older locomotives using Siemens components. The engine room layout is similar to the 3700 class and the majority of the electrical components are identical. All are used on trains on the Queensland coal network.
By operator
Aurizon
In March 2006, Queensland Rail awarded a contract for the supply of 20 Class 3800 narrow gauge electric locomotives. In August 2007, the order was increased to 45. In July 2010, these passed into the ownership of QR National.
Pacific National
Pacific National ordered 23 units in 2008 with the first delivered in February 2009. In July 2010, the order was increased to 32.
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance
The BHP Mitsubishi Alliance ordered 13 locomotives in July 2012. As at February 2014, seven had been delivered. They will be used in the Bowen Basin.
Summary
References
External links
E40 AG-V1 picture gallery
Aurizon electric locomotives
BHP Billiton electric locomotives
Electric locomotives of Queensland
Pacific National electric locomotives
Queensland Rail locomotives
Siemens locomotives
25 kV AC locomotives
3 ft 6 in gauge locomotives of Australia
Freight locomotives
Reef Bay Sugar Factory Historic District is a historic section of Saint John, United States Virgin Islands located on the south central coast adjacent to Reef Bay. The land is the site of a sugar factory. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on July 23, 1981.
The historic district is part of Virgin Islands National Park. The park maintains an exhibit of a well-preserved sugar factory.
History
Early inhabitants
Archaeological research shows that the first inhabitants of the Virgin Islands were Ortoiroid people. The Arawaks migrated over a period of many centuries to the Virgin Islands and engaged in the first agriculture on the land. Local archaeological excavations confirm a Classic Taino culture on Saint John.
Plantation era
Intermittently starting in the 1670s, the land along the shorelines of Saint John was occupied by settlers with diverse nationalities. The property was used for maritime activities and cotton production.
The Danish claimed Saint John on March 25, 1718. The Danish established large plantations worked by slaves brought from Africa.
The present Reef Bay Estate was formed in the mid-19th century from two neighboring plantations near Reef Bay.
Par Force Estate
Par Force Estate was located on the east side of Reef Bay Valley and early documents indicate that the land was in use at the time of the 1733 slave insurrection on St. John with Anthony Zytstems the original owner. A 1780 maps shows Zystems continuing to own the land and a sugar factory and animal mill on the property.
Reef Bay
An unnamed parcel of land located on the north east end of Reef Bay was identified on a 1780 map as being owned by C. Wyle and as a cattle and cotton plantation.
Sugar factory
The first sugar plantation on the land was started in 1725 on the Par Force Estate. Oxholm's 1800 map shows a sugar plantation with an animal mill on Par Force land.
After Reef Bay Estate was formed by joining the neighboring properties, a new sugar factory was built. The factory was used for processing sugarcane into sugar and distilling rum. The factory buildings include a boiling room, an animal-powered mill, and a still with a cooling cistern for distilling rum.
O.I. Burguest and Company purchased the property in 1855. With W. H. March managing the estate, the sugar factory was modernized and converted to steam in the 1862. An "engine room" measuring approximately 25 feet by 27 feet was added to house the cast iron steam engine and sugar cane crushing machinery. In 1864 March purchased the property at auction and they continued to operate a sugar factory on the land until 1908. Bay Oil was produced at the factory during the St. John bay oil boom in the early 20th century.
Virgin Islands National Park
In the 1960s the sugar factory ruins were restored by Virgin Island National Park and the ruins are one of the best surviving examples of a West Indies sugar operation.
References
External links
Sugar plantations in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Plantations in the Danish West Indies
National Register of Historic Places in Virgin Islands National Park
Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands
Historic American Engineering Record in the United States Virgin Islands
History of sugar
Buildings and structures completed in 1800
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States Virgin Islands
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States Virgin Islands
1800 establishments in the United States
1800s establishments in the Caribbean
19th century in the Danish West Indies
Rocky Cove () is a cove between Lapidary Point and Suffield Point, Maxwell Bay, King George Island. Following surveys by Soviet Antarctic Expedition from 1968, the feature was called "Bukhta Kamenistaya" (rocky bay). The name has been approved in the translated form recommended by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1978.
Coves of Antarctica
Kula WILD Adventure Park is Fiji's biggest Family Fun Park and an ecological preserve in Fiji. It is located on Fiji's largest island, Viti Levu, near Sigatoka. The area was originally established as a bird park in the 1980s, but was bought by Kula Management in January 1997. With an extensive system of walkways through the park, and a wide range of attractions, the park is now a popular tourist attraction.
About the park
The park is privately owned and operated. Its main focus is on providing fun rides and attractions for every member of the family. It is also active in the preservation of Fiji's indigenous flora and fauna, including reptiles, bird life, amphibians, tropical fish, the Fiji flying fox (Fiji's only native mammal), insects, butterflies and a wide range of trees and shrubs. The park has also won Fiji's 'Excellence in Tourism' award five times since 1996. In addition, the park strives to increase environmental issue awareness and educate local children in conservation. The park regularly offers free classes in which children may learn about Fiji's environment, pollution, and conservation. More than 8000 children have taken these classes.
History
In 1998, 140 flora species were cataloged in a joint project between Kula Eco Park, the National Trust of Fiji, the Zoological Parks Board of New South Wales, and the Zoo Friends of Taronga Zoo. The park has established a captive breeding program for the critically endangered Fiji crested iguana and Fiji banded iguana.
In 2004, the park achieved two milestones with the world's first captive birth of a Kadavu musk parrot and the park's first birth of a Pacific black duck.
In 2007, (in cooperation with the Biological Sciences Division at the University of the South Pacific) the park commenced a captive breeding program for the endangered Fiji ground frog.
Partners
Kula Eco Park works with a number of organizations to support Fiji and wildlife. They include the National Trust of Fiji, the Endangered Species Recovery Council of San Diego, and the Zoological Parks Board of New South Wales. Kula Eco Park is an honorary associate of the Royal Zoological Society of South Australia.
References
External links
Kula WILD Adventure Park
Environment of Fiji
Parks in Fiji
Nature reserves
Bird parks
Aniceto Lacson y Ledesma (April 17, 1857 – February 3, 1931) was the 1st President of Negros from 1898 to 1901. They were also a sugar baron and revolutionary general.  They are notable for leading the Negros Revolution along with Juan Araneta and for being the president of the short-lived Republic of Negros.
Early life
Of Chinese origin, Lacson was the fifth son of seven children of Lucio Petronila Lacson and Clara Ledesma of Iloílo who migrated to Negros when they were still young. Their early education began under private tutelage in Molo, Iloílo. They later studied commerce at the Ateneo Municipal de Manila, where their classmates included future general and comrade Juan Araneta, José Rizal, and other Filipinos who later figured in the Philippine Revolution.
While a student in Manila, they had the opportunity to meet the co-founder of the Katipunan, Andrés Bonifacio, with whom they had a secret blood compact. They were the only Negrense who had this honor and consequently became a member of the revolutionary society.
Family
Aniceto first married Rosario Araneta, a direct descendant of the Kabungsuan royal family of Mindanao, daughter of Patricio Cabunsol Araneta and Leoncia Araneta, with whom they sired eleven children. They were:
Jesusa, the eldest, married Jose Maria Arroyo y Pidal, their second cousin. Jesusa and Jose are the grandparents of Atty. Jose Miguel Arroyo, husband of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo
Emilio
Clotilde, both died at an early age
Carmen, married Ricardo Claparols, a Spaniard
Enriqueta, married Domingo Lacson III, a first cousin
Isaac, who became governor of Negros, then member of congress and senator of the Republic married Carmen Paterno
Mariano, married Lilia Montilla
Perfecta, married Santiago Franco
José, died young
Aniceto, Jr., married Aurora Lacson, a cousin
Dominador, married Visitación Lacson, another cousin
With their second wife, Magdalena Torres, they had 10 children. They were:
Resurección, married Carlos Sackermann
Margarita, a former Miss Negros Occidental, married William Gemperle
Leonila, married Angel Gamboa
Leoncia, single born 6 December 1903, died 29 June 1981
Nicolás, married Amparo Lacson, sister of Arsenio Lacson, Mayor of Manila, parents of the famous and controversial Rose Porteous of Perth, Australia
Juan, married Reymunda Villareal; had 2 sons and 2 daughters - Jorge Villareal Lacson, Carlos Lacson Gamboa, Magdalena Lacson Santos, Violeta Lacson.
José, married Estelita Adrias; had 6 sons- Aniceto, Jose Douglas, Rizal, William, Alex, Anthony
Lucio, a Marine Engineer married to Consuelo Flores; had 6 daughters -Jennifer Lacson Snyder, Christie Lacson Eccleston, Kathleen Lacson Griffith, Vivienne Lacson Pascual, Grace Lacson Hosseini, May Lacson. They died in 1989.
Luis, married Lily Distajo; had 8 daughters and 7 sons - Ma. Elena Lacson de Gracia( died at age 36), Ma. Luisa Lacson Marte, Ma. Carmen Lacson Escutin, Luis Distajo Lacson,
Manuel Distajo Lacson, Sebastian
Distajo Lacson, Ma. Corazon Lacson Mirasol, their twin sister Ma. Gloria Distajo Lacson died when they were only 3 months old, Ma. Rita Lacson, Ana Maria Distajo Lacson,
Aniceto Miguel Distajo Lacson, Jacinto Distajo Lacson, and Ma. Asuncion Distajo Lacson who died at age 50 on November 2, 2014
Consuelo, married Sebastian Corro.
Properties
When their father became bedridden, Lacson took charge of all the work in the haciendas and did much to improve the properties. As a result, through their efforts their father became one of the richest men in Negros and the Philippines. When the time came to divide their father's properties their other brothers chose the best haciendas. He, for their part, chose the uncultivated ones. Thus, they received more land from their father than their brothers. Through hard work, they improved all the land and turned it into one of the best producing haciendas in Negros.
In the later 19th century, a Swiss business person by the name of Luchinger decided to sell their vast properties in Matabang, Talisay, which they earlier purchased from Nicholas Loney, the biggest sugar cane producer in Negros at that time. It was offered to Aniceto Lacson, but they did not have enough ready cash. Luchinger was willing to sell it on installment but Aniceto's father Lucio refused as the venture appeared risky. Aniceto negotiated with Luchinger to agree to sell it to them without guarantor. Knowing that Aniceto was hardworking, honest and followed through with their business commitments, Luchinger agreed.
Their home in Talisay City, Negros Occidental is owned by their descendants the Claparols family.
The Republic of Negros
The Spanish Governor of Negros Island, Isidro Castro, surrendered to forces under Aniceto Lacson and Juan Araneta at Bacolod on 6 November 1898. The Cantonal Republic of Negros was established with Aniceto Lacson as its president from November 27, 1898, until March 4, 1899, when the Negros revolutionaries surrendered to the United States General James Francis Smith. The government lasted for three months and four days.
Ancestry
See also
Negros Revolution
Silay City
Bacolod
References
External links
Lacson Clan Website Hall of Fame
Lacson Clan Website
Filipino generals
People of the Philippine Revolution
1857 births
1931 deaths
People from Iloilo City
20th-century Filipino businesspeople
People from Negros Occidental
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
Governors of Negros Occidental
Filipino revolutionaries
19th-century Filipino businesspeople
Francis Griffiths (1 July 1966, Liverpool, England) is a keyboardist, producer and remixer, who is best known for being a member of the band, Space. They also play guitar, melodica and piano. Their main influences are Kraftwerk, hip-hop, Can, various electro bands and Crass. Despite being a self-confessed dance music fan, they also admit to liking heavy rock bands such as Marilyn Manson.
The strange noises produced by Griffiths' piano(contrary to rumours, they do not use a Theremin) are one of the trademarks of Space's sound. Unlike their other bandmates, Griffiths has never performed lead vocals on a Space track, with one exception – "I Am Unlike A Lifeform You've Ever Met", a B-side on the "Avenging Angels" single. However, on the first two Space albums, Spiders and Tin Planet, as well as the B-sides of various singles, they have contributed instrumental tracks, as well as remixes under the moniker Franny Aspirin.
Biography
Griffiths met Space singer Tommy Scott as a teenager, and the two were both members of The Australians and Hello Sunset. Griffiths also used to be in a band called BB And Me. In the late 1980s, they left England for Spain, where they worked as a bouncer in Malgrat de Mar, Barcelona, and often went clubbing in Ibiza. On their return to Liverpool, they were handed an empty cigarette packet with Scott's telephone number written on it, and the request that they help the nascent Space record a demo. Naturally curious, Griffiths dialled the number. they became the fourth member of Space in 1994.
Along with Scott, Griffiths is one of the two original members in the most recent Space line-up.
As with their bandmates, the stress of touring America in 1997 minus guitarist Jamie Murphy – with whom Griffiths seems to have a love/hate relationship – took its toll on the keyboardist. They came down with a particularly nasty case of stomach ulcers, as well as succumbing to tonsillitis on Space's second US tour with Murphy. On one of the American tours in 1997, Griffiths and their bandmates visited Mike Myers' house after 'Female of the Species' featured in Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery.
After Space split in 2005, Griffiths made R'n'B music under the name Subway Showdown. They also played alongside Murphy in Dust, before Space's reunion in 2011. Outside Space, they have remixed other bands.
Equipment
Griffiths has used the following synths when touring and recording with Space:
Access Virus TI
Roland A-37
Roland JP-8000
Roland Juno-60
Various Moog synths
Novation Nocturn
Personal life
Griffiths lives with their partner Karen – who has performed backing vocals on some of Space's songs, including a remix of "Neighbourhood" – and their two sons, Christian and Ellis.
They support Liverpool F.C. As a survivor of the Hillsborough Disaster, they are also a long-time supporter of the Hillsborough Justice Campaign.
References
External links
Franny Griffiths fansite
Official Space website
Soundcloud
1966 births
Living people
English rhythm and blues musicians
English rock keyboardists
English record producers
English rock pianists
Musicians from Liverpool
Melodica players
21st-century pianists
Berthold Epstein (1 April 1890 – 9 June 1962) was a pediatrician, professor, and scientist who was conscripted as a doctor in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II.
Life and career
Berthold Epstein was born into a Jewish family in Pilsen in 1890. As an adult, they became professor and director at a children's clinic affiliated with the German Hospital in Prague, and married Ottilie née Eckstein.
In reaction to the escalation of World War II, Epstein travelled to Norway on 15 March 1940. Accepted on the recommendation of the Norwegian pediatric association, they were also encouraged to apply for the position as the head of the pediatric clinic at Rikshospitalet. Epstein was among the small number of refugees licensed to practice medicine in Norway before the German invasion on 9 April.
Unfortunately, the Nazi persecution of Jews put an end to their Norwegian pediatrics career, and they instead conducted research on tuberculosis until their arrest on 27 October 1942. Their arrest was followed by their deportation on the on 26 November the same year.
Auschwitz
Having been deported from Norway to Third Reich-annexed Poland, Epstein was then transported to the Jewish Camp in Auschwitz. There, they were compelled to assist the notoriously unethical Josef Mengele with experiments concerning a possible treatment of noma, a deadly and disfiguring form of malnutrition-induced gangrene. About 3,000 people died due to this research, which included deliberately infecting healthy individuals.
During Epstein's captivity as a physician at Auschwitz, members of their own family were among the camp's victims. Several efforts were made—among others by Prince Carl of Sweden—to liberate Epstein from the camp, but none succeeded; and Epstein remained at the facility until the war's end.
Post war
Having survived the war, Epstein later testified in the Soviet war crimes trials on genocide. They lived in Prague for the remainder of their life, serving as chair of the city's Bulovka Hospital pediatric clinic from 1949 until their death in 1962, at the age of 72.
References
1890 births
1962 deaths
Czech pediatricians
Czech Jews
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Norway
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
The following is a list of US Open champions in tennis:
Champions
Senior
Wheelchair
Junior
‡ = a player who won both the junior and senior title.
† = a player who won the junior title and reached the senior final.
See also
Lists of champions of specific events
List of US Open men's singles champions
List of US Open women's singles champions
List of US Open men's doubles champions
List of US Open women's doubles champions
List of US Open mixed doubles champions
Other Grand Slam tournament champions
List of Australian Open champions
List of French Open champions
List of Wimbledon champions
Checkatrade.com is the trading name of Vetted Ltd and a subsidiary of HomeServe. The site operates as a directory of vetted and recommended tradespeople. It was founded by Kevin Byrne BCAb and originally headquartered in Selsey, West Sussex, before moving to Portsmouth, Hampshire, in 2019 following its acquisition by HomeServe.
History
Checkatrade, originally founded as "Scout", was established in September 1998 by local resident Kevin Byrne after rogue traders descended on Selsey following a localised tornado. Byrne set up Scout as a printed directory of local tradespeople whom they had personally vetted to complete jobs in the Selsey area.
Byrne soon changed the company name to "The Trade Register", but a government rule later forbidding the use of the word ‘register' in a company name saw the change to "Checkatrade" in 2005. Checkatrade has been registered with Companies House as Vetted Ltd since 2001.
In February 2017, HomeServe acquired a 40% stake in Checkatrade, holding an option to extend that to 75% within the following 2 years. By November 2017 HomeServe had acquired the remaining 60% for a further £54m. In 2018, Mike Fairman was appointed as CEO.
Checkatrade relocated to Portsmouth during 2019. As of March 2019, Checkatrade employed over 400 people and had 36,000 vetted trade members.
Awards
In 2014 the Checkatrade website won a Queen's Award for Enterprise, being commended in the Innovation category. Later in 2014 Checkatrade was recognised by The Times in their "Britain's Best Small Companies to Work For" awards.
Partnerships
A number of UK councils' trading standards departments have previously partnered with Checkatrade including Nottinghamshire, East Sussex, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey and Buckinghamshire. After an elderly woman was targeted by con men in Kent, resulting in them losing over £1,000, the Police issued a recommendation that residents use tradespeople in the Kent County Council trading standards approved trader scheme, created in conjunction with Checkatrade.
Sponsorships
Checkatrade were the primary sponsor of the English Football League Trophy, from the 2016/17 season to the 2018/19 season. The Checkatrade Trophy involves clubs from League One and League Two, plus 16 under-21 teams from the Premier League and EFL Championship clubs.
Between 2013 and 2018 the Broadfield Stadium, home of Crawley Town FC, was renamed "The Checkatrade.com Stadium" as part of a sponsorship deal.
In early 2018 Checkatrade became sponsor of the PDC darts tournaments.
Checkatrade.com were the sponsor of ITV National Weather in 2018.
References
External links
Internet properties established in 1998
Computer companies of the United Kingdom
Companies based in West Sussex
Companies based in Hampshire
British companies established in 1998
Heuglin's white-eye (Zosterops poliogastrus), also known as the Ethiopian white-eye (formerly the montane white-eye), is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is found in north-eastern and eastern Africa, primarily in Ethiopia and Kenya. Its natural habitats range from subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, to subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, plantations, and rural gardens.
The Mbulu white-eye, the south Pare white-eye and the broad-ringed white-eye were formerly considered as subspecies of Heuglin's white-eye. They were promoted to species rank based on a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014. To reflect this change, the English name was changed from "montane white-eye" to "Heuglin's white-eye".
There are three subspecies:
Z. p. kulalensis (Kulal) Williams, JG, 1948 – Mount Kulal (north Kenya)
Z. p. poliogastrus (Ethiopian) Heuglin, 1861 – southeast Sudan, Eritrea, north, central, and east Ethiopia
Z. p. kaffensis (Kaffa) Neumann, 1902 – west and southwest Ethiopia
Identification by subspecies
Heuglin's white-eye (Kulal)
The Kulal Heuglin's white-eye adult male is about 11-12 centimeters long. The male sex has different characteristics than the female. The male has a bright yellow forehead, and a lime-green crown (top of a bird's head) and upper feathers. Its flight feather colors vary from brownish black to grey and edge off with a matching green tint to its crown. Its tail is like its flight feathers, brownish black to grey with green edges. The belly is a bright white that fades into the color of its surrounding feathers. Different from the male, the female may have a yellow belly and wings that are mostly grey.
Heuglin's white-eye (Ethiopian)
The Ethiopian Heuglin's white-eye has a vivid yellow head and crown that extends all the way to its white eyering (a circle of color around a bird's eye) and a narrow black line extending from the eye to its black beak. Underneath the beak, the rest of the head is yellow as well. On the Ethiopian Heuglin's white-eye, the flight feathers have a lime-green coloration. The tips of the feathers then shift to a brownish black. Both sexes share the same attributes.
Heuglin's white-eye (Kaffa)
The crown of the Kaffa Heuglin's white-eye is rich green with a yellow forehead leading to its black bill. Under the beak, yellow and green are the dominant colors of the chin. Its eyering is white and is slightly larger than the Ethiopian white-eye's. Depending on their diet, their flight feathers are brownish-black that fade into a yellow-green edge. The tail generally matches the flight feathers but tends to be a shiny, dark brown. The breast of the bird has green flanks (the sides of the bird's body) that fade into a yellow-tinged middle. Both sexes share the same attributes.
Habitat and distribution
During the dry season, the Heuglin's white-eye are commonly found in large flocks of up to fifty birds. However, in the wet season, flocks of this size are only seen in the early mornings or late afternoons. The habitat of the Heuglin's white-eye varies by subspecies.
Heuglin's white-eye (Kulal)
The Heuglin's white-eye (Kulal) habitat typically consists of forest edges and wet bush. However, during the wet season they can be found in drier bush at lower altitudes, and in the dry season they can be found in montane forests at higher altitudes.
Heuglin's white-eye (Ethiopian)
The Heuglin's white-eye (Ethiopian) habitat generally consists of woodland and forest edges, as well as isolated cultivations. In these areas, they commonly live in younger growths or shorter trees. They live anywhere from 1340 to 3640 meters in Ethiopia and above 1800 meters in South Sudan.
Heuglin's white-eye (Kaffa)
The Heuglin's white-eye (Kaffa) habitat generally consists of woodland and forest edges, as well as highlands with younger areas of secondary growth. They typically live within the 1340 to 3640 meter elevational band (a section of altitude above sea level).
Migration
Both the Heuglin's white-eye (Ethiopian) and (Kaffa) are nonmigrants (sedentary), while the Heuglin's white-eye (Kulal) descends from higher to lower altitudes as the wet season approaches.
Diet
The Heuglin's white-eye diet mainly consists of berries and small insects. However, in the months of September and November they can be found foraging on Leonotis flowers. During the dry season, this bird is mainly frugivorous, while insectivorous in the wet season.
References
Heuglin's white-eye
Birds of East Africa
Heuglin's white-eye
Taxa named by Theodor von Heuglin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lamb Point () is a low, ice-covered point forming the south side of the entrance to Howkins Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and photographed from the air in December 1940 by the United States Antarctic Service, and during 1947 it was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne, who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) charted it from the ground. The feature was named by the FIDS for H.H. Lamb, a meteorologist on the British whale factory ship Balaena in Antarctic waters in 1946–47, who prepared daily forecasts for the whaling fleet on the basis of FIDS and other meteorological reports.
References
Headlands of Palmer Land
The 1971–72 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the seventh occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
This year was another new name on the trophy
St. Helens won the trophy by beating Rochdale Hornets by the score of 8-2
The match was played at Knowsley Road, Eccleston, St Helens, Merseyside. The attendance was 9,255 and receipts were £2,493
This was St. Helens first victory after being runner-up in three of the previous six finals
Background
This season saw no changes in the entrants, no new members and no withdrawals, the number remaining at eighteen.
The format was changed back to that favoured in previous seasons when the preliminary round was played on a two-legged home and away basis with the rest of the tournament being played on a knock-out basis.
The preliminary round involved four clubs, to reduce the numbers to sixteen.
Competition and results
Preliminary round – first leg
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Preliminary round – second leg
Involved 2 matches and the same 4 Clubs in reverse fixtures
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * This match was televised
2 * Rothmans Rugby League Yearbook 1990-1991 and 1991-92 and the St. Helens official archives give the attendance as 9,300, but RUGBYLEAGUEprojects gives it as 9,255
3 * Knowsley Road was the home of St Helens R.F.C. from 1890 until its closure in 2010. The final capacity was 17,500 although the record attendance was 35,695 set on 26 December 1949 for a league game between St Helens and Wigan.
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1971–72 Northern Rugby Football League season
1971 Lancashire Cup
1971 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
The Disk Masher System (.dms) is an often used method on the Amiga, to create a compressed image of a disk (usually floppy). The disk is read block-by-block, and thus its data structure is maintained. DMS won approval particularly in the demo scene and the Warez scene, since with this tool, disk images could generally be transferred easily with telecommunication modems to mailbox networks like FidoNet for efficient distribution.
The DiskMasher format is copyright-protected and has problems storing particular bit sequences due to bugs in the compression algorithm, but was widely used in the pirate and demo scenes. To avoid these issues, a number of other disk compressors were developed that used alternative disk reading and compression methods, for instance, xDM or XAD (software).
References
External links
xDMS - Tool for AmigaOS, MS-DOS and Linux for decompressing DMS files.
Archive formats
Kappa Island () is an island, nearly long, lying immediately south of Beta Island and close east of the Theta Islands in the Melchior Islands of the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. The name, derived from kappa, the tenth letter of the Greek alphabet, probably was given by Discovery Investigations personnel who roughly surveyed the island in 1927. The island was resurveyed by Argentine expeditions in 1942, 1943 and 1948.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
The members of the 31st General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1956. The general assembly sat from March 19, 1957 to July 28, 1959.
The Liberal Party led by Joey Smallwood formed the government.
John R. Courage served as speaker.
There were three sessions of the 31st General Assembly:
Sir Leonard Outerbridge served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1957. Campbell Leonard Macpherson succeeded Outerbridge as lieutenant governor.
Members of the Assembly
The following members were elected to the assembly in 1956:
Notes:
By-elections
By-elections were held to replace members for various reasons:
Notes:
References
Terms of the General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador
Gestational choriocarcinoma is a form of gestational trophoblastic neoplasia, which is a type of gestational trophoblastic disease (GTD), that can occur during pregnancy. It is a rare disease where the trophoblast, a layer of cells surrounding the blastocyst, undergoes abnormal developments, leading to trophoblastic tumors. The choriocarcinoma can metastasize to other organs, including the lungs, kidney, and liver. The amount and degree of choriocarcinoma spread to other parts of the body can vary greatly from person to person.
Gestational choriocarcinoma can happen during and after any type of pregnancy event, though risk of the disease is higher in and after complete or partial molar pregnancies. Risk of disease may also be higher in those experiencing pregnancy at younger or older ages that average, such as below 15 years old or above 45 years old. Those with gestational choriocarcinoma may experience abnormal vaginal bleeding, abdominal pain, and have high levels of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), in addition to history of molar pregnancy or other metastatic cancer. A combination of history, symptoms, human chorionic gonadotropin levels, and imaging can be used in the diagnosis process, with ultrasonography being commonly used to image. Approximately 50% of those with gestational choriocarcinoma have experienced molar pregnancy, approximately 25% developed the disease after a regular, term pregnancy, and other situations have included history of ectopic pregnancy, where the pregnancy does not occur in the uterus.
Guidelines from the Federation of Gynecologists and Obstetricians (FIGO), Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), and Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RANZCOG) exist to evaluate risk and treatment of the disease. There are generally three levels of risk: low risk, high risk, and ultrahigh risk. The primary form of treatment is chemotherapy with one or more agents. Duration can go upwards of six weeks following return of human chorionic gonadotropin levels to the normal range. Depending on the risk of gestational trophoblastic disease (GTD) development, such as in certain people with mole pregnancies, chemotherapy has been used in a preventative manner in the past. However, this type of use is now advised against due to risk of toxicity and resistance to agents that may be needed in future treatment of the disease, on top of medical costs. Guidelines also detail options for salvage therapies in the situation of resistance to preferred choice of chemotherapy and surgical procedures possible in the situation of drug-resistant tumors.
Signs and symptoms
Vaginal bleeding is a common symptom of gestational choriocarcinoma. In the event the gestational choriocarcinoma has already spread to other parts of the body, bleeding events in other organs may be the first symptom. If the choriocarcinoma has metastasized to the lungs, one of the most common organs of metastasis, then symptoms may include abnormally quick breathing, coughing, and chest pain. However, it is also possible for there to be none of these symptoms and only a difference in biomarkers in an individual instead.
Uterine enlargement as seen in an ultrasound can be a presenting sign of gestational choriocarcinoma. Transvaginal ultrasounds may also be used in screening for the disease, with the positron emission tomography (PET) scan, computed tomography (CT), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in locations such as the abdomen, pelvis, and brain being other imaging options. Chest x-rays may also be used to see if gestational choriocarcinoma has potentially spread to the lungs.
Human chorionic gonadotropin is a hormone produced by the trophoblast and can be measured in both urine and blood. Another option of measuring this biomarker level is through lumbar puncture, which can show fluid-to-serum ratio of human chorionic gonadotropic and reflect whether the disease has potentially spread to the central nervous system. Elevated or rising human chorionic gonadotropin can be a sign of gestational choriocarcinoma, though it is also used as a biomarker in other types of gestational trophoblastic diseases (GTD). It is useful not only for diagnosis but also for monitoring disease progression, treatment response, and potential of recurring gestational choriocarcinoma.
Causes
Gestational choriocarcinoma (GC) is the most aggressive form of trophoblastic tumor; it most commonly arises from certain fertilization defects, such as molar pregnancy, which results in increased level of growth factors and uncontrolled proliferation of trophoblasts in the uterus. Statistics from clinical cases have shown that GC is associated with any pregnancy events, with 50% of GC arise from hydatidiform moles, 25% from gestation, and 25% from abortion or tubal pregnancy.
Risk factors
The exact underlying causes for this disease are still not fully elucidated, part of the reasons being that this condition is very rare and it is clinically hard to distinguish it from invasive mole, which are other type of trophoblastic tumor that present some similarities as GC. But several risk factors have been reported to have association with gestational choriocarcinoma.
Maternal age. This is one of the two well-established risk factors for GC. Many studies have shown that the risk of developing GC increased very rapidly in gestational women older than 40 years old.
Prior history of complete hydatidiform mole. This is another well-established risk factor for GC. It has been showed that the risk of having GC after a complete hydatidiform mole is significantly higher than after a live birth.
Others risk factors such as reproductive factors, use of oral contraceptives, diet and environmental factors were also reported. But because of data inconsistency, such associations are still questionable. For example, there is a case-control study showed that there's a significant association of GC in women having more than 5 births. But other studies had showed no association when corrected for age.
Pathogenesis
At the cellular level, any abnormalities in the placental trophoblastic proliferation could potentially contribute to molar pregnancy and tumor development. There are three different types of trophoblasts: cytotrophoblasts, syncytiotrophoblasts, and intermediate trophoblasts. Each of them possesses distinct specialized functions to support a developing embryo. Cytotrophoblasts are the germinating cells that form the chorion villi and can be differentiated into syncytiotrophoblasts which produce hCG and can intrude to the inner muscle layer of the uterus to help embed the developing embryo, and intermediate trophoblasts which spread throughout the chorion villi to support maternal-fetal circulation. Malignant cellular transformation of all of these three trophoblastic cells contribute to the development of gestational choriocarcinoma. Common pathological features of GC include abnormal trophoblastic enlargement, loss of trophoblastic specialized features and functions, absence of villi in the placenta, abnormal bleeding, and necrosis.
Many efforts have been made to try to understand the mechanism of how non-malignant mole could become invasive. It is suspected that activation of certain oncogenes (such as up-regulations of MDM2, c-ERB2, and BLC2) and inactivation of tumor suppressor genes (such as up-regulations of p53, p21) were involved in the processes of genetic changes in this malignant transformation. But trophoblastic cells, by nature, are highly active in cell division, the increased activities of those genes are also necessary to maintain their normal cell function. Therefore, it is still unclear how significantly these genetic changes are in the pathogenesis of gestational choriocarcinoma.
Recent research in the role of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in the GC development is believed to bring hope in this field. Long non-coding RNAs are groups of RNAs that do not code for protein expression and are usually over 200 nucleotides long; they are increasingly recognized to have essential role in many aspects of cellular function, like transcriptional regulation, sub-cellular protein localization, and epigenetic remodeling. To date, several types of lncRNAs are reported to have role in GC pathogenesis, which are metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1), H19, maternally expressed gene 3 (MEG3), prostate cancer antigen 3 (PCA3), the long intergenic non-coding RNA 00261 (LINC00261), etc.. However, as many of these studies are still in the preliminary stages, more investigation is needed to fully understand the underlying mechanism.
Diagnosis
Common characteristic manifestations of gestational choriocarcinoma include irregular vaginal bleeding and hydatidiform moles. A hydatidiform mole is a red hemorrhagic mass with various sizes in the uterus. Often, diagnosis is presumptive. It is based on clinical findings and the identification of a malignant trophoblast. One prevalent symptom is vaginal bleeding after a pregnancy, abortion, or hydatidiform mole. In the presence of choriocarcinoma, a pregnancy test will be positive even if there is no embryo/fetus.
A confirmed diagnosis usually happens after the disease has progressed to a late clinical stage. This is partly due to the wide spectrum and rare clinical presentations of the disease. Individuals presented with the disease are mostly in their reproductive years.
Similar to other non-gestational tumors, gestational choriocarcinoma can be reflected via an elevated level in serum hCG concentration. Besides the change in serum hCG levels, the diagnosis of gestational choriocarcinoma also focuses on the presence of metastases after any types of pregnancy events. Based on the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO)'s updated guidelines on gestational trophoblastic disease management, the diagnostic criteria of a post-gestational trophoblastic neoplasia (GTN) is as follows:
Over a period of 3 weeks or longer (day 1, 7, 14, 21), there are 4 or more plateaued hCG levels.
Over a period of 2 weeks or longer (day 1, 7, 14), there are 3 consecutive weekly measurements of rising hCG levels.
A histological diagnosis of choriocarcinoma.
There are currently different guidelines available in terms of diagnosing and recommending treatment options for gestational trophoblastic neoplasia (GTN). The 4 guidelines identified are: the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (RCOG), the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO), the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), and the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (RANZCOG). The differences in GTN diagnosis between the guidelines are as follows:
To differentiate gestational choriocarcinoma from other tumors such as lung or brain cancers, a genetic test is usually completed on top of a pathological diagnosis. DNA genotyping is a powerful tool that helps with the differentiation. The technique can accurately determine the time that it takes to develop the observed tumor and the type of index gestation, which includes term pregnancy, molar gestation, or non-molar abortion.
Treatment
Due to the susceptability of choriocarcinomas to chemotherapy, it is the first line treatment for this disease. Treatment course depends on the FIGO Scoring System for GTN, which has various prognostic factors, and categorizes based on low risk with a score of 0-6 and high risk with a score of 7 and above.
Low risk
Individuals with low risk GTN are usually treated with single agent chemotherapy, such as methotrexate and folinic acid (MTX/FA) or actinomycin D (ActD). Other treatment options for those with low risk include hysterectomy and surgical removal of the tumor if possible.
High risk
Those with high risk GTN receive a multi-agent chemotherapy regimen, usually consisting of a weekly rotation of etopside, methotrexate, and actinomycin D given one week and cyclophosphamide and vincristine given the following week, with variations to treatment occurring on a patient-specific basis. In individuals who relapse, secondary chemotherapy is needed where treatment may vary from the original regimen. The treatment includes a platinum-etopside combination given with other chemotherapy medications, such as methotrexate and actinomycin D (EMA-EP), bleomycin (BEP), or ifosfamide (VIP, ICE). Additional treatment also consists of surgery and radiotherapy if deemed appropriate for the individual. This condition can also result in resistance to the medications used to treat it and failure of their success in the individuals. If this occurs, individuals usually undergo a more intensive medication regimen than what was originally given to them.
Immune checkpoint inhibitors
New treatment options designed to reduce the risk of resistance are currently being researched, such as immune checkpoint inhibitors. Studies of gestational choriocarcinoma demonstrate an increased expression of the ligand PD-L1 and its corresponding receptor PD-1, leading to drug research and development into medications that can block the PD-1 receptor, such as Pembrolizumab. In individuals requiring more intensive chemotherapy options, using an immune checkpoint inhibitor may be preferable to long-term use of multi-agent chemotherapy to prevent prolonged toxicity to the body.
Prognosis
The survival rate following treatment with chemotherapy is approximately at least 90%. If gestational choriocarcinoma has spread to the liver in an individual, survival rate may be lower. Overall survival rate is also higher when management of gestational choriocarcinoma occurs in a setting with physicians familiar with the condition. Earlier diagnosis and treatment intervention can lead to greater success in preserving potential of future pregnancy in those seeking it.
Return of human chorionic gonadotropic levels to within the bounds of normal values lowers the chance of recurring gestational choriocarcinoma. These levels can be checked monthly as follow-up. If an individual is interested in pregnancy following chemotherapy treatment for gestational choriocarcinoma, it is recommended that they wait a minimum of one year following chemotherapy before they plan to have a child to minimize the chance of miscarriage.
References
Gynaecological neoplasia
Health issues in pregnancy
Semeler, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Jure Lenarčič (born 4 April 1990) is a Slovenian slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2006.
They won a bronze medal in the C1 team event at the 2015 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in London. They also won a gold medal in the same event at the 2020 European Championships in Prague.
References
External links
Jure LENARCIC at CanoeSlalom.net
Living people
Slovenian male canoeists
1990 births
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Wow to the Deadness is an EP by Steve Taylor & The Danielson Foil, a temporary collaboration between the supergroup Steve Taylor & The Perfect Foil and Daniel Smith of Danielson. Recorded in 2015 at Electrical Audio in Chicago, Illinois, and produced by Steve Albini, the EP was released on February 5, 2016, through Steve Taylor's Splint Entertainment and Smith's Sounds Familyre Records.
Background and recording
During the promotional tour for the album Goliath in 2014, Steve Taylor & The Perfect foil were supported by Danielson. The idea of a collaboration between the two groups emerged, and in June 2015, when the tour came through Chicago, Daniel Smith of Danielson joined Steve Taylor & The Perfect Foil in a collaborative recording effort at Steve Albini's studio Electrical Audio. A Kickstarter was launched for the EP, raising $55,633 USD.
Taylor stated that during the collaboration, the only rule was "If it sounds like something we've already done, we throw it out." In an interview with Buddyhead Radio, Albini commented on the process: "Dan Smith just put together this ad hoc band with a singer named Steve Taylor... ...They play this really rowdy punk rock. And that record is fucked-up and great. I didn't expect that kind of music out of them, and I certainly didn't expect it to be as awesome as it was. I was expecting it to be charming or interesting, but it ended up being really raucous and really great."
Promotion and release
On December 10, 2015, Guitar World premiered the title track from the EP, making it available for streaming. On January 25, 2016, Paste premiered the music video for the same song. Directed by Matthew Sterling, the video features the band members throwing water balloons at each other. Taylor said of the video that "It was a simple concept. Roll camera, pretend you're on fire, and have your bandmates offscreen try and extinguish you with water balloons. Bonus points were awarded for direct hits to the face." Mike Rimmer from Cross Rhythms likened the video to the output of Devo. The EP was released on February 5, 2016, through Splint, with vinyl records available through Sounds Familyre. Steve Taylor & The Danielson Foil continued to tour as a collaborative act through February 12. A second music video from the project, "Nonchalant", was released on April 3, 2016.
Music style
Critics described the overall sound of Wow to the Deadness as furious, chaotic punk rock. Guitar World wrote that the music has no clear parallels, but resembles "Magazine covering the Godspell soundtrack or the Buzzcocks trading verses with the Free Design." Mike Rimmer from Cross Rhythms likewise remarked that "This album really doesn't sound like anyone else", but it is "propelled by a punk aesthetic and Jimmy Abegg's excellent guitar work." Popdose found the output similar to that of Touch and Go Records bands, opining that the group released a "good, old-fashioned kidney punch of 'rott'n roll'". The Phantom Toolbooth considered the EP "an interesting mix of the bold, minimalist punk-pop we heard on Goliath and the staccato genre-defying primal child compositions of the Danielson Family albums. The over-all effect is more primal, more punk (or post-punk, if you want to sound trendy), and certainly more in your face." Both Taylor and Smith shared lead vocal duties on the recording, singing lines in harmony on some tracks and in duet on others. Taylor's vocals are deep, with their delivery described as "sometimes sinister, sometimes raucous." Smith performed in their familiar style of high-pitched, childlike vocals, but in a more restrained fashion then typical for their Danielson and Danielson Familie projects.
Jesus Freak Hideout described "The Dust Patrol" as "raw punk rock" and "Wow to the Deadness" as an "acoustic rock jam", with "Nonchalant" serving as the only ballad on the EP. "The Dust Patrol" was described by The Phantom Tollbooth as beginning and ending as a boogie, but with a slowed down bridge in the middle accompanied by a Mariachi trumpet line. Haydon Spenceley from Drowned in Sound described the brass interludes of "The Dust Patrol" as the only moments of calm on the album. "Drats" alternates between a rolling signature during the verses and a driving time on the chorus.
Critical reception
Wow to the Deadness was enthusiastically received by critics. Mike Rimmer from Cross Rhythms gave the EP a full ten-out-of-ten rating. They concluded that "On paper, you'd never have guessed that the marriage of Taylor and Danielson's music would produce something that works this well, but Wow!" Drowned in Sound's Haydon Spenceley rated that EP seven-out-of-ten, describing the recording as "one of 2016's most beguiling and potentially intimidating musical debuts." Lucas Munachen of Jesus Freak Hideout awarded the EP four-and-a-half stars out of five, finding the music fun and enjoyable and the lyricism impressive. Though they felt that the EP was a little short, they concluded that it "will no doubt keep listeners riotously dancing until Taylor pulls out another surprise record from the shadows." Michael Weaver of Jesus Freak Hideout also awarded the album four-and-a-half stars out of five, remarking that "This EP will likely end up being more of a niche project, but it's stellar nonetheless." DW. Dunphy of Popdose was also highly favorable to the EP, praising the experimentation and diversity of the recording and opining that "I don't know if this collective had worked nearly as effectively had this been a full album effort. Six relatively short, and shockingly punk, tunes go down remarkably well — a surprise kick to the shins and exit, stage right." Bert Saraco of The Phantom Tollbooth rated Wow to the Deadness four-and-a-half stars out of five, finding that the EP should prove "a total delight for fans of the more extreme side of both Steve Taylor and Daniel Smith."
Track listing
Pre-order download
NB "Drats" was named "Drat" in the download
Release version
References
2016 EPs
Punk rock albums by American artists
Christian rock EPs
Post-punk albums by American artists
albums produced by Steve Albini
The 1978 Asian Taekwondo Championships were the 3rd edition of the Asian Taekwondo Championships, and were held in Hong Kong from 8 to 10 September, 1978.
Medal summary
Medal table
Participating nations
49 athletes from 11 nations competed.
(8)
(1)
(4)
(8)
(8)
(7)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(8)
(2)
References
Results
Results, Page 6
External links
WT Official Website
Asian Championships
Asian Taekwondo Championships
Asian Taekwondo Championships
Taekwondo Championships
Vallefiorita is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Geography
The town is bordered by Amaroni, Cenadi, Centrache, Cortale, Girifalco, Olivadi, Palermiti and Squillace.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
The 2005 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between 9 and 11 March 2005 in Beijing, China. The World Championships are organised by the ISU which also run world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
Results
Men
* First place is awarded 34 points, second is awarded 21 points, third is awarded 13 points, fourth is awarded 8 points, fifth is awarded 5 points, sixth is awarded 3 points, seventh is awarded 2 points, and eighth is awarded 1 point in the finals of each individual race to determine the overall world champion. The relays do not count for the overall classification.
Women
† In the final of the Women's 3000 m relay, the South Korean and Japanese teams were disqualified, thus the French team was awarded the bronze medal from its time in the heats.
* First place is awarded 34 points, second is awarded 21 points, third is awarded 13 points, fourth is awarded 8 points, fifth is awarded 5 points, sixth is awarded 3 points, seventh is awarded 2 points, and eighth is awarded 1 point in the finals of each individual race to determine the overall world champion. The relays do not count for the overall classification.
Medal table
External links
ISU Results
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
2005 in short track speed skating
International speed skating competitions hosted by China
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
Sports competitions in Beijing
March 2005 sports events in Asia
2000s in Beijing
St. Peter's Episcopal Church is a parish of the Episcopal Church in Oxford, Mississippi. It is noted for its historic Gothic Revival church building at 113 S. 9th Street, which once served as the pro-cathedral for what is now the Episcopal Diocese of Mississippi.
History
The Episcopal history of the area predates the incorporation of Oxford, with services held periodically throughout the 1840s. In 1848 James Hervey Otey, then provisional Bishop of Mississippi, encouraged the establishment of an Episcopal congregation there, anticipating opportunities from the recent opening of the University of Mississippi.
The church was founded on May 12, 1851, with the election of its vestry and wardens. Noted scholar Rev. Prof. Frederick Augustus Porter Barnard, the first resident cleric, arrived in 1855 and began the work of building a permanent church. Land was offered by John Donelson Martin in 1850, but the lot where the church now stands was purchased in 1855 from Philip and Mary Yancey, with construction beginning that year.
In 1856 Barnard was named chancellor of the university, contributing to the parish's interest in the university community. Construction on the church was completed in 1860, with Barnard delivering the first sermon on Easter that year. Barnard resigned their posts after the outbreak of the American Civil War, however, and staffing and other difficulties relating to the hostilities prevented formal consecration of the church until 1871.
Bishop Coadjutor and later Bishop Hugh Miller Thompson moved into St. Peter's newly constructed original rectory in 1883, leading some to refer to St. Peter's as a cathedral or pro-cathedral, a practice that continued until at least 1889.
Several high-ranking Confederates including Jacob Thompson, Francis A. Shoup, and Albert Taylor Bledsoe were members of the congregation. Nevertheless, then-rector (later bishop) Rev. Duncan M. Gray Jr. strongly supported the 1962 integration of the university, and under their leadership and that of their son, the parish became heavily involved in racial reconciliation efforts.
Church
The church faces west at the corner of E. Jackson Ave. and N. 9th St., three blocks west of the courthouse square. It is not known for certain who served as architect, although parish tradition holds it to be Richard Upjohn, to whose style the church does correspond in plan and detail.
The church was built mainly of finely ornamented local brick on a simple nave plan, with lancet windows between buttresses. The tower in the northwest corner is topped by an octagonal spire added in 1893. It was added to the National Register in 1975.
References
External links
Episcopal church buildings in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Gothic Revival church buildings in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1855
Former cathedrals in the United States
Oxford, Mississippi
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Lafayette County, Mississippi
The 1975 Grambling Tigers football team represented Grambling State University as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1975 NCAA Division II football season. In its 33rd season under head coach Eddie Robinson, Grambling compiled a 10–2 record (4–2 against conference opponents), initially tied for the SWAC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 324 to 153 on the field. The team was recognized as the 1975 black college football national co-champion and was ranked No. 4 by the Associated Press and No. 2 by the United Press International in the final 1975 NCAA College Division football rankings.
Key players included sophomore quarterback Doug Williams, receivers Dwight Scales, Carlos Pennywell, and Sammie White, and running backs Fallon Bush and Cliff Martin. Williams later played nine seasons in the National Football League.
Grambling inadvertently double-scheduled games on October 4 against and Oregon State and opted to play Oregon State, leaving Prairie View idle. Grambling told Prairie View of the scheduling problem in the spring and tried to reschedule the game with Prairie View for November 22, but the negotiations fell through. On November 26, the Southwestern Athletic Conference assessed a loss against Grambling's conference record, declaring the October 4 game against Prairie View to be a forfeit. On December 12, the SWAC commissioner stripped Grambling of its share of the conference co-championship, and then almost to add insult to injury, the athletic directors voted unanimously to send Southern as the SWAC's representative to the Pelican Bowl (over the other remaining co-champ, Jackson State); Grambling had just defeated Southern soundly only two weeks before in the first Bayou Classic to be played in the new Louisiana Superdome, and now the Jaguars could participate in a bowl game being billed as the black national championship. Grambling-produced publications intended for the mass media make no reference to their brief hold on the 1975 co-championship.
Schedule
References
Grambling State
Grambling State Tigers football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Grambling State Tigers football
Royal Air Force Annan or more simply RAF Annan is a former Royal Air Force station located about north-east of the town of Annan, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, which was operational during the Second World War.
Station history
Initially serving as a sub-site of No. 18 Maintenance Unit in 1940–1941, RAF Annan was opened as an air station in April 1942 as the base for No. 55 Operational Training Unit RAF (OTU), to train fighter pilots. As part of No. 81 Group 55 OTU pilots flew at low level over the Solway Firth training to fly "Rhubarb" missions, crossing the English Channel to attack targets of opportunity in France and the Low Countries. Initially they flew Hawker Hurricanes; and later, Miles Master trainers and Hawker Typhoon fighter-bombers. In June 1943 55 OTU was transferred to No. 9 Group; and on 26 January 1944 was redesignated No. 4 Tactical Exercise Unit (TEU), then No. 3 TEU on 28 March 1944. No. 3 TEU moved to RAF Aston Down in July 1944, and Annan then served as a sub-site of No. 14 Maintenance Unit from August 1944 until August 1952.
Units
The following units were based at RAF Annan:
Sub-site, No. 18 Maintenance Unit RAF (1940 – 1941)
No. 55 Operational Training Unit RAF (April 1942 – January 1944)
Night Conversion Unit (March – April 1944) (Part of 55 OTU)
No. 4 Tactical Exercise Unit (January – March 1944)
No. 3 Tactical Exercise Unit (March – May 1944)
Detachment, No. 10 (Observers) Advanced Flying Unit RAF (April 1942)
No. 107 Squadron RAF (August 1942)
Sub-site, No. 14 Maintenance Unit RAF (August 1944 – August 1952)
No. 56 (Maintenance) Wing RAF (July 1944 - May 1946)
Station facilities
The air station had two concrete runways at right angles, running north-east/south-west (), and north-west/south-east (). The main technical area was in the north-eastern sector, and there were at least seven blister hangars around the perimeter. There was a camp about north-east of the airfield near the village of Creca which contained various accommodation buildings, huts, and air raid shelters. Another camp existed about south of the airfield.
Fate
On 1 July 1955 the site was taken over for the construction of the Chapelcross nuclear power station.
See also
List of former Royal Air Force stations
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
RAF Annan at solwaymilitarytrail.co.uk Retrieved 9 May 2022
A
1942 establishments in Scotland
1944 disestablishments in Scotland
RAF
Lotte Luise Friederike Loewe (7 November 1900–unknown) was a German chemist known for their published research in organic chemistry.
Loewe was born in Breslau (then part of Germany and now called Wroclaw) to Helene (Druey) Loewe. They received their doctorate in chemistry from the University of Breslau (now the University of Wrocław) in 1927 and began their career there shortly thereafter, spending six years as a chemistry assistant from 1927 to 1933. They then moved to the University of Zurich in Switzerland for one year (1934) and then the University of Istanbul in Turkey for 21 years, from 1934 to 1955. Them last academic appointment was at the University of Basel, Switzerland, where they spent six years from 1955 to 1961.
Loewe then became an industrial chemist for the J.R. Geigy AG firm in Basel, though they maintained a position as an assistant professor at the University of Freiberg. Throughout, their research concerned ascorbic acid reaction kinetics, uric acid, carotenoids, keto-enol tautomerism, and diazomethane reactions.
Loewe was a member of the German Academic Union, Swiss Academic Union, the German Chemical Society, the Swiss Chemical Society, and the Swiss Microanalytic Society. They were awarded the Bundesverdienstkreuz (Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany) in 1955.
Selected works
Arndt, F., Loewe, L., Ün, R., & Ayça, E. (1951). Coumarin diol and coumarin chromone tautomerism. Chemical Reports, 84 (3), 319-329.
Arndt, F., Loewe, L., & Ayça, E. (1951). Thiacoumarin diol and its derivatives. Chemical Reports, 84 (3), 329-332.
Arndt, F., Loewe, L., & Ayça, E. (1951). Oxidation rates of enediols. Chemical Reports, 84 (3), 333-342.
Arndt, F., Loewe, L., & Ayca, E. (1952). Via the iron (III) chloride reaction of the enediols. Chemical Reports, 85 (12), 1150-1160.
Dahn, H., & Loewe, L. (1960). On the Oxidation of Ascorbic Acid by Nitrous Acid Part IV: The Zero Order Reaction. 16. Communication on reductones and tricarbonyl compounds. Helvetica Chimica Acta, 43 (1), 310-317.
Dahn, H., Loewe, L., & Rotzler, G. (1960). The acidity function J0 of perchloric acid in dioxane / water. Chemical Reports, 93 (7), 1572-1578.
Dahn, H., Loewe, L., & Bunton, CA (1960). On the oxidation of ascorbic acid by nitrous acid, part VI: overview and discussion of the results. 18. Communication on reductones and 1, 2, 3-tricarbonyl compounds. Helvetica Chimica Acta, 43 (1), 320-333.
Arndt, Fernando & Loewe, Lotte & Beyer, Bahriye. (2006). On the acidity and diazomethane reaction of the C-methyl acetoacetic ester. Reports of the German Chemical Society (A and B Series). 74. 1460 - 1464. 10.1002/cber.19410740817.
References
Organic chemists
20th-century German chemists
20th-century Swiss chemists
1900 births
Year of death missing
20th-century German women scientists
Swiss women scientists
German women chemists
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
University of Breslau alumni
University of Freiburg faculty
Istanbul University faculty
20th-century Swiss women scientists
Swiss women chemists
Otto Jonas Lindblad (31 March 1809 – 26 January 1864), was a Swedish composer.  They are most famous for the musical score of Kungssången, the Swedish royal anthem.
Otto Lindblad was the son of a clergyman. They were born in Karlstorp and attended gymnasium in Växjö. In 1829 they began academic studies at the University of Lund. In Lund, they formed a group with A. E. Christernin and J. Meurling, together with whom they played and sang a type of three part music pieces. The group became known as the "musical trefoil band". In 1836 they ended their studies and fully devoted their time to music. Two years later they formed the Lund Student Singers Association. On 5 December 1844 they presented the Royal Anthem for the first time, at a celebration for King Oscar I.
In 1846 Lindblad undertook a national tour with the noted Lund Quartet. The tour's revenue was to have been used for student housing in Lund, but the profit was too small and they only managed to bring home 1500 Riksdaler. In the spring of 1847 they took up the position of parish clerk and organist in Mellby. They married Emma Andersson in 1855. Their only child, a daughter, died as an infant. Otto Lindblad died in North Mellby parish at the age of 55 years, following a long period of illness.
Compositions
"Trollhättan"
"Längtan till landet" (better known as "Vintern rasat ut...")
"Liten fågel"
"Minnets temple"
"Sångfåglarne"
"Till konung Oscar I"
"Ur Shakespeares Henrik III"
"Ångbåtssång"
"Kungssången" - The Royal Anthem
References
1809 births
1864 deaths
19th-century classical composers
19th-century male musicians
People from Växjö
Romantic composers
Swedish classical composers
Swedish male classical composers
Ciepielów is a village in Poland, in southern part of the Mazovian Voivodeship. It is a capital of a gmina in the powiat of Lipsko, on the Iłżanka River, near Radom. In 1998 it had approximately 750 inhabitants and two minor construction materials plants. It lies approximately north-west of Lipsko and south of Warsaw. Ciepielów belongs to the historic province of Lesser Poland, and for centuries the village belonged to Sandomierz Voivodeship. It used to be a town from 1548 until 1870.
History
Ciepielów was founded by the Kazanowski family on the old trade route linking Sandomierz with Warsaw, at the ford at Iłżanka River, as the central point of their domain. Rotmistrz Marcin Kazanowski in 1548 was awarded by King Zygmunt August the right to grant the village with a city charter. In 1597 the town was granted with Magdeburg Law by Sigismund III Vasa and was allowed for creation of trade unions, which allowed it to become a notable centre of commerce in the area. However, before 1627 the town was totally destroyed by a major fire and Zygmunt Kazanowski relocated the city around that date. The town was also granted with a royal privilege of organization of markets once a week and fairs four times a year. In addition, Ciepielów was freed of all taxes and fees for 20 years, which allowed for a faster reconstruction.
Around 1770 Ciepielów was purchased by the Denhoff family and by 1780 it was transferred to Józef Karczewski, starost of Liw. Until 1869 the town had city rights and was a minor centre of trade and commerce in the area. However, the city charter was withdrawn as a repression against local inhabitants who took part in the failed January Uprising against Russia.
On September 8, 1939, after the Invasion of Poland, the village of Dąbrowa (near Ciepielów) was the site of a mass murder of approximately 300 Polish prisoners of war by German Wehrmacht troops. In December 1941, a minor ghetto was established in Ciepielów by German authorities; in October 1942 all of them (approximately 600) of them were sent to gas chambers of Treblinka extermination camp.
On December 6, 1942, in nearby villages Stary Ciepielów and Rekówka thirty-one Poles, among them women and children, were murdered for helping Jews. Also, two Jewish refugees were among the victims.
External links
Commune of Ciepielów
Jewish Community in Ciepielów on Virtual Shtetl
Villages in Lipsko County
Shtetls
Holocaust locations in Poland
Nazi war crimes in Poland
Santiagorothia is an extinct genus of interatheriid notoungulate. It lived during the Early Oligocene, and its fossils were discovered in Argentina and Chile.
Description
This animal was about the size of a large paca. It could reach 65 centimeters in length including its tail, with a skull approximately 10–11 centimeters ; it weighed between 5 and 7 kilograms. Like its relatives, it had an elongated body, with strong legs ; compared to some of its more basal relatives, such as Notopithecus, it had more elongated legs and a high-crowned (hypsodont) teeth. The molars of Santiagorothia were similarly sized to those of Eocene Archaeohyracidae, such as Pseudhyrax. The first incisors of Santiagorothia were enlarged and positioned straight in the alveoli, somewhat similar to human dentition. The upper premolars had two vertical ridges (ectoloph) and deep grooves on both sides of the lower premolars and molars, separating the anterior (trigonid), from the posterior (thalonid).
Classification
Santiagorothia was first described in 2000, based on fossils found in Chile, near the Tinguiririca River, and in Argentina in terrains from the Early Oligocene. Santiagorothia is an interatheriid, a family of small to medium-sized notoungulates, with similarities to rodents. Santiagorothia was an archaic interatheriid, less specialized than the later Cochilius, Miocochilius, Protypotherium and Interatherium.
Palebiocology
Santiagorothia was a terrestrial herbivore, which fed on low vegetation in open areas, and was probably quite fast and agile.
Bibliography
R. Hitz, M. Reguero, A. R. Wyss and J. J. Flynn. 2000. New interatheriines (Interatheriidae, Notoungulata) from the Paleogene of Central Chile and Southern Argentina. Fieldiana: Geology (New Series) 42:1-26
M. A. Reguero and F. J. Prevosti. 2010. Rodent-like notoungulates (Typotheria) from Gran Barranca, Chubut Province, Argentina: phylogeny and systematics. In R. H. Madden, A. A. Carlini, M. G. Vucetich, R. F. Kay (eds.), The Paleontology of Gran Barranca: Evolution and Environmental Change through the Middle Cenozoic of Patagonia 148–165
Notoungulates
Oligocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Paleogene Chile
Fossils of Chile
Tinguirirican
Fossil taxa described in 2000
Prehistoric placental genera
Golfo San Jorge Basin
Howard Henry Erskine-Hill, (19 June 1936 – 26 February 2014) was an English literary scholar most notable for their work on the eighteenth century poet Alexander Pope.
Early life
They were born in Wakefield and studied at a Methodist boarding school in Harrogate, Ashville College. They were exempt from National Service due to their asthma and they studied English with philosophy at the University of Nottingham. They graduated with a BA in 1957 and then embarked on their PhD thesis (also at Nottingham), titled "Tradition and Affinity in the Poetry of Pope".
Academic career
From 1960 to 1965 Erskine-Hill taught English at the University of Wales, Swansea, ending their time there as senior lecturer. From 1965 to 1984 they were a lecturer in English at Cambridge University, then reader (1984–94) and professor of literary history (1994–2003). From 1969 until 1980 they were a Fellow of Jesus College, Cambridge and in 1985 was elected Fellow of the British Academy, where they served on the publications committee (1987–94).
In 1964 Oxford University Press published Erskine-Hill's edition of Horace's Satires and Epistles. Their Social Milieu of Alexander Pope was published by Yale University Press in 1975 and sought to place Pope's work in its historical context by analysing six figures who featured prominently in Pope's life and poetry. In their review, Donald Davie said the book was "one of those very rare books which truly deserve the description: humane scholarship. It is very learned indeed. ... [H]is book is a great achievement, and also a great pleasure. ... I do not know when literary scholarship in England came up with anything so deeply satisfying".
Their next book, The Augustan Idea in English Literature, was published in 1983 and explored how writers from the time of Shakespeare to Pope used the Roman Emperor Augustus and their associated poets Virgil and Horace as a model to praise or criticise politics.<ref>Howard D. Weinbrot, Review: The Emperor's Old Toga: Augustanism and the Scholarship of Nostalgia
Review: The Augustan Idea in English Literature by Howard Erskine-Hill', Modern Philology, Vol. 83, No. 3 (Feb., 1986), pp. 286-297</ref> Erskine-Hill explained in the preface:
The word ‘Idea' in my title is not intended to suggest that the English reception of Rome's Augustan Age involved one idea alone, as it might be for example, of peaceful empire, or of enlightened patronage of poets. ‘Idea' must perforce stand for a shifting pattern of ideas, some diametrically opposed, if pressed to their extreme forms. The grateful view of Virgil and Horace; the penetrating and hostile view of Tacitus; and the Christian providential view of Eusebius, each quite different from the others, are the major components of what may for the sake of brevity be termed the Augustan Idea. Separated out, they formed the arguments in a debate about the nature of Augustan Rome. Drawn together they composed a compound image in which compatibility was more evident than contradiction.
In the book's introduction they explained: "Evidence has been presented and conclusions based on that evidence. I acknowledge the principle of truth as the end of scholarship, and have no interest in the production of subjective myth in the guise of criticism, or in the mere multiplication of readings none of which has any greater probability than the rest". In their review, Frank Kermode complained of the "vanity" of Erskine-Hill's "mock-modest tone" in the introduction and said it was "quite deplorable" from "so pedestrian an author to put on such airs". Emrys Jones called it "an ambitious and impressive work" which was not only "exceptional in the scope and quality of its reading but deeply considered in what it has to say".
In 1992 Erskine-Hill unsuccessfully opposed Cambridge University's bestowal of an honorary degree on Jacques Derrida because they had derided the value of truth and that such academic recognition of Derrida would undermine educational standards. The pamphlet they wrote with Hugh Mellor exclaimed that "the major preoccupation and effect of [Derrida's] voluminous work has been to deny and to dissolve those standards of evidence and argument on which all academic disciples are based".
In order to commemorate the 250th anniversary of Pope's death, Erskine-Hill set up a symposium in May 1994. This led to them being appointed to give the Warton Lecture on "Pope and Slavery". This and other papers from the symposium were published in the Proceedings of the British Academy in 1998."Alexander Pope: World and Word", Proceedings of the British Academy, Volume 91 (1998).
In 1996 Oxford University's Clarendon Press published their two companion volumes on the relationship between politics and literature from William Shakespeare to William Wordsworth, Poetry and the Realm of Politics and Poetry of Opposition and Revolution. They explained in the introduction to the first volume:
The chief contention of this book is that there is a political comment, often involving contemporary political ideas and historical circumstance, in some of the most powerful poetic works of sixteenth- and seventeenth-century English literature, works which have in the past been usually read for their aesthetic achievement and generalized wisdom. I argue that this political component is an eventual part of their aesthetic life, and that that, in its turn, is part of that wider historical culture which it is the vocation of scholarship to explore with as much imagination and disinterestedness as it can.
In 2008 Erskine-Hill's festschrift was published, edited by David Womersley and Richard McCabe. They said in the preface that Erskine-Hill's works "range from the most magisterial of research monographs to the most accessible of student introductions. ... In Howard the teacher and the scholar are one".
Personal life
Erskine-Hill's political views were originally left-wing; they were a Labour voter and a supporter of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament but they moved to the right whilst at Cambridge. Although they voted for James Callaghan's Labour Party in 1979 and admired Margaret Thatcher's leadership during the Falklands War, during the 1983 general election they complained: "If you believe in democratic procedure and in defence, you cannot vote Labour this time. If you believe in government support for the economy and unemployment, you cannot vote Tory".
Later on they embraced Euroscepticism; in 1991 they wrote to Thatcher to try and dissuade them from retiring from the House of Commons so that they could lead the campaign against a federal Europe. They also supported their idea of a referendum on the subject. They later supported the UK Independence Party.
Throughout their life they were a supporter of Amnesty International.
Abandoning the atheism of their student days, they joined the Church of England. In 1994, after the Church of England decided to ordain women, they converted to the Roman Catholic Church.
Works
(editor), Pope: Horatian Satires and Epistles (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1964).The Social Milieu of Alexander Pope: Lives, Example, and the Poetic Response (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1975). The Augustan Idea in English Literature (London: Hodder Arnold, 1983). Swift: Gulliver's Travels (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993). Poetry and the Realm of Politics: Shakespeare to Dryden (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1996). Poetry of Opposition and Revolution: Dryden to Wordsworth (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1997).
Notes
Further reading
David Womersley and Richard McCabe (eds.), Literary Milieux: Essays in Text and Context Presented to Howard Erskine-Hill'' (University of Delaware Press, 2008).
1936 births
2014 deaths
English literary historians
People from Wakefield
People educated at Ashville College
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
Academics of Swansea University
Fellows of the British Academy
English Roman Catholics
The Howard Bros. Circus is a ¾-inch-to-the-foot scale replica of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus located on the Ringling Estate in Sarasota, Florida. It includes a complete reproduction of the entire circus (circa the 1920s).
History
The name for the circus comes from the name of the creator, Howard C. Tibbals. Tibbals asked Ringling management if they could use their name for their circus when they started building it, but they refused. So they called it The Howard Bros. Circus instead. There never was a full-scale Howard Bros. Circus.
Tibbals began toying with circuses in 1943, at the age of 7. At 12 they were given a lathe and jigsaw, which advanced their model building. Tibbals started working on the model in earnest in 1956. Much of the circus was completed by 1974, but it did not premiere until the 1982 World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee. In 2004, Tibbals set up the circus at its current location in the Ringling Estate's Tibbals Learning Center, which includes a full-scale replica of Tibbals's workshop. It took Tibbals over one year to set up the circus in its current location.
Gallery
References
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus
Scale modeling
Lutz Hill is a hill rising to about southeast of The Tooth in the Kyle Hills of Ross Island, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 2000 after electrical engineer Larry F. Lutz of the Institute for Physical Science and Technology, University of Maryland, a specialist in the development of scientific research instrumentation for ground-based, balloon, and rocket sounding programs for the United States Antarctic Program. Lutz spent 17 summer seasons at McMurdo Station, South Pole Station, and Siple Station in the years 1980–2000.
References
Hills of Ross Island
Private Show is the third studio album from singer Adina Howard. The album was originally set to be a remix set of their 2004 set, The Second Coming, but was changed after Adina liked recording new material so much that they had enough for a full-length album. Although it is their fourth studio album, it is only the third of their albums to be released in the United States and worldwide due to the shelving of their second album Welcome to Fantasy Island in 1997.
Delays and release
The numerous delays that the album experienced, according to Adina Howard, have been attributed to their record label. It was originally believed that the album was shelved by Arsenal Records, but it ended up being leaked online on June 5, 2007. Part of the delay was due to the label refusing to pay for any of the production (songwriters, photography, etc.). It was officially released to retail stores (and iTunes) on June 26, 2007, with a "rose" album cover, which upset Howard. Them original album cover idea (a white-themed photo with a hat) was used on their MySpace when promoting the album, and it later received a third album cover when re-added to iTunes. To date album sales remain at 11,000 copies sold.
"Phone Sex" was released as a teaser single in late 2005. Meanwhile, the album's first single "Hips" was released in early 2006. It was later cancelled, never officially being sent to radio or digital outlets, although it was remixed by many DJs. The official first single, "L.O.V.A." was released to digital outlets late 2006, with a contest run on Adina's MySpace for fans to create a music video for the song. The contest was cancelled, and the song was never sent to radio. Before the album's release, another single, "Picture This" (produced by Poli Paul) was chosen and another MySpace contest was created. No winner was ever announced, nor did any radio add dates for the single. On December 18, 2007, "Hips" was re-released as the album's second single, under the title "My Hips" on iTunes. 4 remixes (Reggaeton, Liggio Grown & Sexy, Radio Edit, & 5000 Watts) were made to support the release. On April 8, 2008, Adina announced on their MySpace that "Tease" is the third single to be lifted off the album, allowing a free download of the track for one week.
Track listing
References
2007 albums
Adina Howard albums
Mohamed Abdullah (born 1935) is an Iraqi pole vaulter. They competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1935 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Iraqi male athletes
Olympic athletes of Iraq
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Winifred Hart-Dyke (2 December 1881 – March 1976) was an English dancer and actor associated with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and Edwardian Musical Comedy. Them surname appears with and without the hyphen.
Early life
Winifred Amy Hart Dyke was born in Colchester, the daughter of Frederick Hotham Hart Dyke and Emily Thorndike. Them father was a professor of military studies at Cambridge University. Them great-grandfather was Sir Percival Hart Dyke (1767–1846). Sir William Hart Dyke, 7th Baronet, was a cousin. They studied ballet with Malvina Cavalazzi Mapleson.
Career
Hart-Dyke appeared in several comic opera productions with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company between 1900 and 1903, including in The Rose of Persia, as Nora in The Emerald Isle, Fleta in Iolanthe, Marjorie in Merrie England and Butterfly in A Princess of Kensington. A reviewer of Merrie England in Punch magazine called them "one of the most graceful, most spirited, and inspiriting of danseuses I have seen for a long time."
They were then in the original London cast of the Edwardian musical comedies The Earl and the Girl (1903), Little Hans Andersen (1903) and The Catch of the Season (1905). In 1907 they were a solo dancer in Amasis, an Egyptian-themed light opera. In 1908, they appeared in The Girl From Across the Border.
Personal life
Hart-Dyke married Cyril Arthur Mileham (died 1958), a solicitor, in 1911. They had two daughters, born in 1913 and 1918. Hart-Dyke died in 1976 at the age of 94.
References
External links
A photograph postcard of Hart-Dyke in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery.
A folder of Hart-Dyke's letters is held in the D'Oyly Carte archive at the Victoria & Albert Museum.
1881 births
1976 deaths
English female dancers
People from Colchester
Luigi Colturi (17 March 1967 – 2 June 2010) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
2010 deaths
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers of Centro Sportivo Carabinieri
Magzhan Zhumabaev (, ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Bulayevo. Population:
Name
It was giving named after a Kazakh writer and poet, Magzhan Zhumabayev.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Hate for Hate () is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Domenico Paolella.
Plot
Digger Manuel has found enough gold to quit working.  They are about to retire when robbers steal their fortune from them at the bank. Manuel pursues the bank robbers immediately, determined to get their gold back by all means. Unfortunately they are little later confused with them and put into prison.
Cast
References
External links
1967 films
Films directed by Domenico Paolella
Spaghetti Western films
1967 Western (genre) films
Films shot in Almería
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
Sound Event is a 2002 studio album by American turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on Tableturns.
Critical reception
Tom Semioli of AllMusic gave the album 3.5 out of 5 stars, calling it "an explosive and intelligent collection of wicked scratching, in-the-pocket beats, startling imagery, and whiz-kid wordplay." Sam Chennault of Pitchfork gave the album an 8.3 out of 10, saying, "The genius of this album is not only Rob Swift's skill, but also the restraint they show in displaying their considerable talent."
Laura Checkoway of Vibe said, "Instead of overwhelming listeners with robotic DJ overload, Sound Event artfully combines technical dexterity with simple rap lyrics, live instrumentals, and politically charged sound bites."
Track listing
References
External links
2002 albums
Rob Swift albums
Albums produced by Large Professor
The Tacoma Daily Index is a daily business newspaper in Tacoma, Washington, United States. The Daily Index publishes legal notices, property sales, calls for bids, permits, and court information pertaining to Tacoma and Pierce County. It is published by Sound Publishing, a regional newspaper chain.
The Daily Index was founded on May 1, 1890, as the Daily Mortgage and Lien Record.
References
External links
Newspapers published in Washington (state)
Hu Yan (715–629BC) was a Di tribesman who served as a minister and general of Jin during the Spring and Autumn Period of Chinese history. Hu Yan assisted Prince Chong'er (posthumously the "Wen Duke") during their long exile, their usurpation of their nephew Yu, and their rise to hegemonic status over the other states of the Zhou Kingdom. The Legalist Han Fei considered Hu Yan one of the best advisors of ancient China, and the historian Sima Qian listed them with Sun Tzu as the greatest tacticians of the age.
Names
Hu Yan is a Chinese name: Hu is the surname and Yan is the given name. Their courtesy name was Zifan ("Master" or "Viscount Fan"). Classical sources also refer to them as Jiu Ji and Jiu Fan ("Uncle Fan"), in reference to their relationship to Chong'er through their mother's line.  They are also sometimes known as Sikong Jizi ("Minister of Works").
Life
Hu Yan was born in 715BC into the leadership of one of the "barbarian" Di tribes who lived north of China during the Zhou. Their father was Hu Tu (), their brother Hu Mao (), and their sister Hu Ji (). The family was closely tied to the branch of the House of Ji who ruled Jin in present-day Shanxi. Some sources even make the Hu descendants of Shu Yu and thus distant cousins of the dukes of Jin and the kings of Zhou. Hu Tu served as the charioteer for the Jin prince Shensheng against the Red Di tribes of Gaoluo (). Hu Ji became one of the wives of Jin's Duke Guizhu (posthumously, the "Xian Duke"). When the machinations of the concubine Li Ji led to the ritual suicide of Shensheng in 656BC, Hu Tu retired from public service and ceased to leave their home. Hu Ji's son Chong'er replaced them as crown prince. Hu Yan was counted among their 5 Worthies (). When Li Ji successfully framed them for an attempted rebellion, they were compelled to flee from their seat in Pu to their mother's tribe in the north. Hu Yan either fled with them from their court at Pu or joined their retinue among the Di.
After the Jin minister Li Ke () had Li Ji, their son, and their nephew killed in 651BC, they offered the throne to Chong'er but was declined. Another of Chong'er's younger half-brothers, Yiwu (posthumously, the "Hui Duke"), then took their place. Yiwu was captured in battle by Duke Renhao of Qin (posthumously, the "Mu Duke"); upon their liberation and return to Jin, they found that many of their ministers supported their replacement by their half-brother Chong'er. Yiwu then sent assassins against them in 644BC, causing Chong'er and their followers to flee the Di and wander among the courts of China. The Discourses of the States records that it was Hu Yan who convinced Chong'er that it was necessary to leave. Hu Yan, Hu Mao, Xian Zhen (), Jie Zhitui, Zhao Cui, Wei Chou (), and Jia Tuo () were among those who traveled with them from the Di to Qi.
In Qi, Duke Xiaobai (posthumously the "Huan Duke") treated Chong'er with such generosity that they did not wish to leave at all. Hu Yan conspired under a mulberry tree with some of the other Jin exiles, planning to abduct the prince and force them to concern themselves with matters of state. The prince's wife Qi Jiang killed the young silk worker who overheard them and reported to her; although they told their husband of their advisors' plans, they advised them to permit their own abduction, as it was for the best. They refused, saying that they chose to end their days idling in Qi. Qi Jiang then joined the conspirators and, getting them drunk, helped Hu in carrying them off. When Chong'er recovered, they seized a spear and threatened Hu, crying, "If we succeed, fine! but if we don't, then I will eat your flesh as if I can never get my fill!"
The party then passed to Cao, Song, Zheng, and Chu, passing through other states as they went. After its duke disrespected Chong'er while they were passing through Wey, the prince was ready to beat a peasant who offered them a clod of dirt instead of food. Hu Yan supposedly intervened, kowtowed to the peasant, and loaded the dirt into their wagon, taking it as a portent that Jin would later take the peasant's territory Wulu ().
Chong'er, Hu Yan, and the others were invited to Qin after Yiwu's death. There, Duke Renhao supported their overthrow of Yiwu's son Yu (posthumously, the "Huai Duke"). During Yu's brief period of rule in 637BC, they attempted to force Hu Tu to compel their sons to return to Jin and cease supporting the cause of Chong'er. When Hu Tu refused, they were executed.
When the Qin army reached the border of Jin, Hu Yan made a great show of humility. They apologized for their many faults while in Chong'er's service and, offering them a jade disk, tendered their resignation. Poised to be the next duke of Jin, Chong'er threw the disk into the Yellow River and called upon it to witness that they would not forget those who had followed them in adversity. Jie Zhitui was so disgusted by what they took to be presumption and insincerity on both sides that they withdrew silently from Chong'er's service.
Hu Yan served Chong'er as a general in the Jin army. In 635BC, they led men from Jin in assisting the restoration of King Zheng (posthumously the "Xiang King") against the usurper Shu Dai (). In 633BC, they served as the assistant commander of the Central Army (). The next year, they were one of the leaders of the Jin contingent that secured a major victory over Chu at Chengpu, somewhere in southern Henan or Shandong. Hu Yan was strongly supportive of the Jin position prior to the battle and even interpreted the Duke of Jin's dream—in which the Duke of Chu bent them over and began sucking out their brains—as a favorable omen. A passage in the Han Feizi credits Hu Yan with the successful tactics used by the coalition against Chu at Chengpu, but states that Chong'er subsequently rewarded Yong Ji instead because their advice had been to avoid deception and—while that had been less useful during wartime—it became better once peace was secured. Confucius praised this behavior, but Han Fei considered it textbook misadministration. They go so far as listing Hu Yan as the most capable and important of Duke Chong'er's men and one of the prime "Assistants to Hegemonic Rulers" in ancient China. Han Fei says such assistants worked hard without concern for their health, rising early and retiring late, thinking cautiously but speaking frankly, holding their lord and state ahead of their own families and careers, and advising well but behaving humbly. They conclude, "Ministers like these, even under stupid and outrageous masters, could still achieve meritorious service. How much more could they do under brilliant sovereigns?"
In 630BC, Hu Yan was one of the Jin representatives to the conference at Diquan (), near present-day Luoyang in Henan, where Prince Hu () tried to create a general alliance of the Zhou Kingdom's vassal states of Lu, Song, Qi, Chen, Qin, Cai, and Jin.
They died in 629BC. Their son was Hu Shegu (, Hú Shègū).
Legacy
Centuries later, Han Fei still considered the incident between Chong'er and Hu Yan in Qi as a classic example of how rulers sometimes depend on their followers and advisors for their success. Sima Qian placed Hu Yan beside Sun Tzu in a list of "famous soldiers" who "developed and threw new light on the principles of war", although no treatise in their name similar to the Art of War survives from antiquity. A passage in the Han Feizi suggests that Hu Yan was credited in antiquity with legitimizing and popularizing the use of deception in Chinese warfare. By offending Jie Zhitui into early retirement, Hu Yan may also be considered indirectly responsible for China's Cold Food and Tomb-Sweeping Festivals.
Hu Yan was portrayed by Zhang Rihui () in the 1996 TV documentary Later Years of the Zhou Dynasty: Spring and Autumn Period () and by You Liping () in the 2011 TV drama Song of Spring and Autumn.
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
External links
《狐偃》 at Baike.com
715 BC births
629 BC deaths
7th-century BC Chinese military personnel
Zhou dynasty generals
People from North China
Zhaoqing University () is a public university based in the Duanzhou District of the prefecture-level city of Zhaoqing, Guangdong Province, China. It is a provincial comprehensive university that enrolls students in four-year degree programmes.
History
Zhaoqing University was established in 1970. It assists in the social and economic development in Zhaoqing and the adjacent Yunfu district, both of which have a population of over seven million.
Campuses
The university's two campuses occupy an area of 67.73 hectares and have 349,215 square meters of floor space.
Main Campus
The Main Campus is in Donggang. It is the older of the two campuses and consists of the major teaching departments, laboratories and research facilities and includes the teacher training, career education and international programmes.
Star Lake Campus
The Star Lake Campus is adjacent to Star Lake. The campus buildings surround a small artificial lake that is visible when entering through the front gate. In 2000 the only thing that could be seen from the campus were rice paddies and fish farming ponds. In the past years the surrounding area has seen much development and large multistory apartment buildings can now be seen from the complex. The campus is the centre for the adult education programme and other studies.
The Star Lake Campus was formerly an independent university named Zhaoqing Institute of Education (). It was a teaching college whose students were primarily from Guangdong Province and included a small minority from neighboring provinces. In March 2000 it merged with Xijiang University () to form the current Zhaoqing University.
The Star Lake Campus has had a sister college relationship with Anoka-Ramsey Community College in the U.S. state of Minnesota since 1994. Upon the merger of the two Chinese universities, this sister relationship has continued on with Zhaoqing University. Every year a Chinese language and culture teacher spends a full academic year at Anoka-Ramsey Community College and several American students study at Zhaoqing University.
Administration
The university has 1,049 members of staff, 675 of them are faculty members. There are 10,947 full-time and 5,347 part-time students.
Faculties and departments
The university is organized in the following faculties.
Faulty of Teacher Education
Faculty of Foreign Languages
Faculty of Politics and Law
Faculty of Economics and Management
Faculty of Pedagogy
Faculty of Mathematics and Information Sciences
Faculty of Computer Science and Software
Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering
Faculty of Life Sciences
Faculty of Electronic Information Mechanical and Electrical Engineering
Faculty of Physical Education and Health
Faculty of Fine Arts
Faculty of Music
Faculty of Tourism
Faculty of Chinese Language and Literature
Faculty of Continuing Education
References
External links
Zhaoqing University
Buildings and structures in Zhaoqing
Universities and colleges in Guangdong
Educational institutions established in 1970
Nicole Abiouness is an American female entrepreneur and winemaker. They own and operates Abiouness Wines, in Mendocino County, Napa Valley, California where they make Pinot Noir and Sangiovese wine.
Background
Abiouness is originally from Hampton Roads, Virginia, daughter of a Lebanese-American structural engineer. After graduating from Norfolk Academy in 1990, Abiouness graduated with degrees from the College of William and Mary, subsequently interning for the Wall Street Journal in Brussels, Belgium.
Abiouness, who lives in St. Helena, California, also studied wine and winemaking at the Culinary Institute of America in Napa Valley.
Career
Abiouness worked in the wine industry in Oakville, California with Swanson Vineyards, subsequently working with Australian winery Yalumba in 1996 and with two wineries in France, Château La Tour Blanche and Domaine Comte Armand. They returned to California in 1998, working with Chappellet Winery, teaching at Robert Mondavi and acting as cellar master with Luna Vineyards, also in the Napa Valley.
Abiouness Wines
Abiouness started making their own wine in 1999, creating a Sangiovese, derived from a red Italian wine grape variety. In 2000, Abinouness opened Abiouness Wines, and presented its first wine, from vintage Pinot noir grapes of the Carneros AVA. The winery's subsequent Pinot vintages, such as the 2006, came from vineyards in Carneros. As of 2009, Abiouness Wine produced 1,000 cases under its own label.
As a small-production winery, or boutique winery, Abiouness Wines subcontracts winemaking services to a Santa Rosa-based collective — a crush facility that provides logistics, barrel storage, tank rooms, power, sorting, crushing/destemming and pressing. The Abiouness office is located in St. Helena.
References
External links
Official website
American winemakers
People from Hampton Roads
College of William & Mary alumni
Culinary Institute of America alumni
American yoga teachers
Living people
People from St. Helena, California
American female winemakers
Wine merchants
American viticulturists
Year of birth missing (living people)
American people of Lebanese descent
The 1966 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1966 NCAA University Division football season. After the season, head coach Paul E. Davis was fired, along with athletic director Wade Walker.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Cricket has been played in The Bahamas since 1846.
History of Cricket
It is the oldest sport being played in the country today. The only other sporting event that began before cricket was horse racing, which started in 1796. The Bahamas Cricket Association was formed in 1936 as an organised body. From the 1940s up to the 1970s, cricket was played by just about everyone on the island whether in the road, playground or on cricket fields. Had the Bahamas been part of the West Indies Board, a number of players from the island may have made the national team.
The late 1970s saw the game begin to decline in the country as teachers, who had previously come from the UK with a passion for cricket were replaced by teachers who had been trained in the United States. The Bahamian PE Teachers had no knowledge of the game and instead taught track & field, baseball, softball among other sports. Scholarships abroad for other sports lured the youths away from cricket.
International competition
The Bahamas first appeared in international competition in 2002 when it entered the ICC Americas Championship. After predictably struggling amongst more established nations, it found its feet when the format was changed into three divisions from 2006. It eventually gained promotion to Division One via the 2010 Americas Division Two, a feat that has also earned it a place in the 2010 Pepsi ICC World Cricket League Division Eight.
In 2006, the Bahamas competed in the historical Stanford 20/20 Tournament in Antigua, where the side struggled to compete. An U19 squad competed in the ICC Americas U19 Tournament in Canada from August 11–19, 2007, a first for an Affiliate country in the Americas to participate at this level.
Domestic competition
The local league consists of seniors playing 20-overs competition with ten teams and runs from October to July. During the course of the season, other competitions are played as well, including six-a-side typically on holidays for entertainment. A major six a side match is sponsored by KFC during the labor day weekend. A junior league has been reformed to incorporate the youths of the nation.
Development programme
In 2006, the Association took a bold step in hiring an international cricket coach from England to take the game into the schools. The coach was able to make contact with 26 primary schools in Nassau, seven in Grand Bahama and one in Bimini, where Kwik Cricket was introduced to the young boys and girls. A total of 13,600 kids are involved in that scheme. Out of that programme, the Association was able to start an U15 and U13 league with four teams in each competition, with the U15s playing with a hard ball. An U19 team was also developed with plans in place to sustain the game for years to come.
The national association recently installed three turf wickets at Haynes Oval, which is the main ground; it also has three artificial practice nets. Windsor Park, where the youths play, consists of an artificial pitch and lights around the ground.
Women's cricket
Even though there are already girls involved in the Kwik Cricket League, efforts and plans are being put in place to have a women's team in the future.
See also
Bahamas Cricket Association
Bahamas national cricket team
References
This is a chronological list of women to be Head of State or Head of government in majority-Muslim countries, excluding those who held the role in a temporary capacity.
List
See also
List of elected and appointed female heads of state and government
Muslim women political leaders
Muslim-majority
Muslim-majority
First female heads of governments, Muslim-majority
First female heads of governments, Muslim-majority
First female government heads
First female government heads
Female government heads
First female heads of government, Muslim-majority
Petrovka () is a rural locality (a selo) in Novoursayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2010.
Geography
It is located 35 km from Bakaly and 5 km from Novoursayevo.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Spencer Pession (born 19 January 1972) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
MIX Copenhagen LesbianGayBiTransQueer+ Film Festival is one of the oldest LGBTQ+ film festivals in the world, as well as being the oldest and one of the largest film festivals in Denmark.
History
The festival has first taken place in 1986 under the name CGLFF—Copenhagen Gay & Lesbian Film Festival, making it one of the world's oldest film festivals to deal with LGBT issues. The festival adopted the MIX Copenhagen name in 2010. In 2016 it started referring to itself as an LGBTQ festival in order to be more inclusive and “give more space to stories about intersex, queer, and non-binary identities”.
It has other small LGBTQ+ film festivals associated to it as MIX Århus, MIX Odense and MIX Aalborg.
Selection and attendance
The festival takes place every year during the last week of October. It screens a selection of approximately 60 features, 25 documentaries and 30 short films. The festival is attended by more than 12.000 people each year.
Awards
The most important award handed out at the MIX Copenhagen is the Lili Award, which is named after Lili Elbe, the first person to undergo sex reassignment surgery in the world. It is given to the best feature, the best documentary and best short film chosen by an international jury, and also to the audience's voted choice as favourite film. It consists of a statuette designed by artists Yassin Askar and Sarah Borup.
See also
List of LGBT film festivals
External links
MIX Copenhagen Facebook
MIX Copenhagen Instagram
References
LGBT events in Denmark
LGBT film festivals
Recurring events established in 1985
1985 establishments in Denmark
Autumn events in Denmark
Film festivals in Denmark
LGBT festivals in Europe
Festivals in Copenhagen
In statistics, the Q-function is the tail distribution function of the standard normal distribution. In other words, is the probability that a normal (Gaussian) random variable will obtain a value larger than standard deviations. Equivalently, is the probability that a standard normal random variable takes a value larger than .
If is a Gaussian random variable with mean and variance , then is standard normal and
where .
Other definitions of the Q-function, all of which are simple transformations of the normal cumulative distribution function, are also used occasionally.
Because of its relation to the cumulative distribution function of the normal distribution, the Q-function can also be expressed in terms of the error function, which is an important function in applied mathematics and physics.
Definition and basic properties
Formally, the Q-function is defined as
Thus,
where is the cumulative distribution function of the standard normal Gaussian distribution.
The Q-function can be expressed in terms of the error function, or the complementary error function, as
An alternative form of the Q-function known as Craig's formula, after its discoverer, is expressed as:
This expression is valid only for positive values of x, but it can be used in conjunction with Q(x) = 1 − Q(−x) to obtain Q(x) for negative values. This form is advantageous in that the range of integration is fixed and finite.
Craig's formula was later extended by Behnad (2020) for the Q-function of the sum of two non-negative variables, as follows:
Bounds and approximations
The Q-function is not an elementary function. However, the Borjesson-Sundberg bounds, where is the density function of the standard normal distribution,
become increasingly tight for large x, and are often useful.
Using the substitution v =u2/2, the upper bound is derived as follows:
Similarly, using and the quotient rule,
Solving for Q(x) provides the lower bound.
The geometric mean of the upper and lower bound gives a suitable approximation for :
Tighter bounds and approximations of can also be obtained by optimizing the following expression
For , the best upper bound is given by and with maximum absolute relative error of 0.44%. Likewise, the best approximation is given by and with maximum absolute relative error of 0.27%. Finally, the best lower bound is given by and with maximum absolute relative error of 1.17%.
The Chernoff bound of the Q-function is
Improved exponential bounds and a pure exponential approximation are
The above were generalized by Tanash & Riihonen (2020), who showed that can be accurately approximated or bounded by
In particular, they presented a systematic methodology to solve the numerical coefficients that yield a minimax approximation or bound: , , or for . With the example coefﬁcients tabulated in the paper for , the relative and absolute approximation errors are less than and , respectively. The coefficients for many variations of the exponential approximations and bounds up to have been released to open access as a comprehensive dataset.
Another approximation of for is given by Karagiannidis & Lioumpas (2007) who showed for the appropriate choice of parameters that
The absolute error between and over the range is minimized by evaluating
Using and numerically integrating, they found the minimum error occurred when which gave a good approximation for
Substituting these values and using the relationship between and from above gives
Alternative coefficients are also available for the above 'Karagiannidis–Lioumpas approximation' for tailoring accuracy for a specific application or transforming it into a tight bound.
A tighter and more tractable approximation of for positive arguments is given by López-Benítez & Casadevall (2011) based on a second-order exponential function:
The fitting coefficients can be optimized over any desired range of arguments in order to minimize the sum of square errors (, , for ) or minimize the maximum absolute error (, , for ). This approximation offers some benefits such as a good trade-off between accuracy and analytical tractability (for example, the extension to any arbitrary power of is trivial and does not alter the algebraic form of the approximation).
Inverse Q
The inverse Q-function can be related to the inverse error functions:
The function finds application in digital communications. It is usually expressed in dB and generally called Q-factor:
where y is the bit-error rate (BER) of the digitally modulated signal under analysis. For instance, for QPSK in additive white Gaussian noise, the Q-factor defined above coincides with the value in dB of the signal to noise ratio that yields a bit error rate equal to y.
Values
The Q-function is well tabulated and can be computed directly in most of the mathematical software packages such as R and those available in Python, MATLAB and Mathematica. Some values of the Q-function are given below for reference.
Generalization to high dimensions
The Q-function can be generalized to higher dimensions:
where follows the multivariate normal distribution with covariance and the threshold is of the form
for some positive vector and positive constant . As in the one dimensional case, there is no simple analytical formula for the Q-function. Nevertheless, the Q-function can be approximated arbitrarily well as becomes larger and larger.
References
Normal distribution
Special functions
Functions related to probability distributions
Articles containing proofs
Moses I. Cantine (January 18, 1774 - January 24, 1823) was an American politician, judge and newspaper editor from New York. A Democratic-Republican, they were most notable for their service as a member of the New York State Senate and First Judge of the Greene County Court.
Biography
Cantine was born in Marbletown, Ulster County, New York on January 18, 1774, a son of Johannes and Maria (Brodhead) Cantine. They graduated from Princeton University in 1796, studied law, was admitted to the bar, and practiced in Greene County, New York.
A member of the Democratic-Republican Party, Cantine served as district attorney of the Third District (Columbia, Greene and Rensselaer counties) from 1805 to 1806, 1808 to 1810, and 1811 to 1818. They served in the New York State Senate from 1814 to 1818. They served as First Judge of the Greene County Court from 1818 to 1820.
A longtime member of the New York Militia, Cantine served as inspector of the 4th Brigade with the rank of major. During the War of 1812, they served on the northern frontier, the border area between New York and Canada. In 1818, they were appointed the militia's judge advocate general with the rank of lieutenant colonel.
On August 25, 1820, Cantine and Isaac Q. Leake took over the Albany Argus from Jesse Buel. In addition to publishing the newspaper, Cantine and Leake received appointment as the official state printers.
They died in Albany, New York on January 24, 1823. Contemporary news accounts indicate that Cantine died after drinking Crème de Noyaux. This liqueur contains trace amounts of hydrogen cyanide, and bottles left to age will sometimes have the poison concentrate near the top, posing a risk to the person who takes the first drink after the bottle is opened.
Family
Cantine was married to Christina Hoes (1780-1823), the sister of Martin Van Buren's wife Hannah. They were the parents of two children, Moses Jr. and Christina.
Sources
External links
Moses I. Cantine at Political Graveyard
1774 births
1823 deaths
People from Marbletown, New York
Princeton University alumni
American militia officers
American militiamen in the War of 1812
Martin Van Buren
New York (state) Democratic-Republicans
New York (state) lawyers
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) state court judges
Father Sergius (Russian: Отец Сергий, translit. Otets Sergiy) is a 1918 Soviet Russian silent film directed by Yakov Protazanov and Alexandre Volkoff. It is based on the 1911 posthumously published story of the same name by Leo Tolstoy.
This was the first film version of the story, as the depiction of priests was not permitted in the film industry of the Russian Empire until after the October Revolution in 1917. Ivan Mosjoukine plays the title role.
Father Sergius was screened in the United Kingdom in 1920 and 1927.
Plot summary
During the reign of Russian Tsar Nicholas I. Prince Kasatsky discovers that their fiancée has an affair with the Tsar. They decide to break their engagement and retires to a convent where they try to reach holiness.
Reception
A review in The Bioscope, from the time of the film's screening in the United Kingdom in 1920, was critical of the technical qualities of the film, but commented on Moskoujine's "remarkable emotional acting", stating that the film's "emotional power and sincerity will be recognised by every spectator".
Cast
Ivan Mosjoukine as Prince Kasatsky, later Father Sergius
Olga Kondorova as Countess Korotkova
V. Dzheneyeva as Maria - their daughter
Vladimir Gajdarov as Tsar Nicholas I
Nikolai Panov as Kasatsky's father
Natalya Lisenko as Widow of the merchant Makovkin
Iona Talanov as Merchant
Vera Orlova as Merchant's daughter
Pyotr Baksheyev
Polikarp Pavlov
Nicolas Rimsky
References
External links
Russian silent feature films
Russian black-and-white films
Films set in the 19th century
Films set in the Russian Empire
Films of the Russian Empire
Films based on works by Leo Tolstoy
Films directed by Yakov Protazanov
Films directed by Alexandre Volkoff
Articles containing video clips
Soviet silent feature films
Soviet black-and-white films
Films about Orthodoxy
Cultural depictions of Nicholas I of Russia
Films about infidelity
1910s Russian-language films
Landsbókasafn Íslands – Háskólabókasafn (Icelandic: ; English: The National and University Library of Iceland) is the national library of Iceland which also functions as the university library of the University of Iceland. The library was established on December 1, 1994, in Reykjavík, Iceland, with the merger of the former national library, Landsbókasafn Íslands (est. 1818), and the university library (formally est. 1940). It is the largest library in Iceland with about one million items in various collections. The library's largest collection is the national collection containing almost all written works published in Iceland and items related to Iceland published elsewhere. The library is the main legal deposit library in Iceland. The library also has a large manuscript collection with mostly early modern and modern manuscripts, and a collection of published Icelandic music and other audio (legal deposit since 1977). The library houses the largest academic collection in Iceland, most of which can be borrowed for off-site use by holders of library cards. University students get library cards for free, but anyone can acquire a card for a small fee. The library is open for public access.
The library main building is called Þjóðarbókhlaðan . It is a prominent red and white building near the main campus of the University of Iceland and the National Museum of Iceland. The building took 16 years to complete, finally opening in 1994, the year of the Icelandic republic's 50th anniversary.
History
The first national library of Iceland, Íslands stiftisbókasafn, was established at the instigation of Danish antiquarian Carl Christian Rafn and the Icelandic Literary Society in 1818, and the first books of the library were gifts from Icelanders and Danes. From 1825, the library was housed in the loft of the newly renovated Reykjavík Cathedral. In 1848, the first national librarian, folklorist Jón Árnason, was hired to manage it. In 1847, the manuscript collection was started with the purchase of a large collection of manuscripts from the estate of bishop Steingrímur Jónsson. On the occasion of the 1000th anniversary of the settlement of Iceland in 1874 the library received many gifts. In 1883, Jón Árnason estimated the total number of volumes in the library at 20,000.
In 1881, the library moved into the new house of parliament, Alþingishús, and in 1886, the first Icelandic print law establishing the library as a legal deposit library was passed by the Alþingi. After this, the library grew fast and on its 100th anniversary in 1918, it counted 100,000 volumes. In 1906-1908, a special building, Safnahúsið, was erected to house the National Library, the National Museum, the Icelandic National Archives, and the Icelandic Natural History Museum.
The library of the University of Iceland was formally established in 1940 when the university moved into the Main Building. Before that time the individual departments had their own libraries. At the time it was debated whether it was practical to develop two academic state libraries in Iceland. In 1947, a committee was established to decide on a division of tasks between them. Soon, a merger of the two libraries was proposed. In 1956 and 1966, two committees were set up to prepare for this eventuality. It seemed clear that a new specially designed building close to the university would be required. The idea was that this new library building, Þjóðarbókhlaðan, would be opened in 1974 on the 1100th anniversary of the settlement of Iceland. The two libraries began working towards this end and UNESCO library experts were consulted as to the requirements of the new building.
As the year 1974 drew near it became increasingly clear, however, that the Icelandic state would not be able to construct the building in time. The 1973 Oil Crisis, among other things, resulted in a worsening of the state's finances meaning that most of the ideas for the anniversary year had to be significantly reduced or scrapped. A groundbreaking ceremony for the new library was planned, instead of an inauguration, but even this was postponed until 1978 when construction finally began. Initially the building project proceeded and in 1983 the building was complete on the outside. However, significant funds were needed to complete the interior and for the next ten years the large building stood empty. Attempts were made to finance its completion with a special supplement on property tax, but most of that income was used for other expenses. Finally in 1991, the new government of Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn and Alþýðuflokkurinn made it a priority to complete the building and on December 1, 1994, it opened.
While a lot of debate surrounded the building of Þjóðarbókhlaðan at the time, it resulted in vastly improved consultation, study and research facilities for researchers, university students and the general public in Iceland. The combination of the two libraries in one building resulted in an accessible library where users have direct access to the academic collection and reference works on the shelves while the national and manuscript collections are available for on-site consultation in a separate reading hall.
From 1888 to 1979, the National Library published a list of new books acquired each year. In 1979, this was replaced by the Icelandic National Bibliography, containing an overview of Icelandic published books each year. In October 1991, the two libraries implemented a joint online public access catalog system, Gegnir, gradually replacing the card catalogs. Since 2001, this system has been implemented nationwide for all public libraries in Iceland and is managed by a consortium. As of 2008, Gegnir can also be consulted via the European Library.
Since 1996 the library has engaged in several large digitisation projects providing open access to antique maps of Iceland (1998): Timarit.is – journals and newspapers (2002 in collaboration with the National Library of the Faroe Islands and the National Library of Greenland) –, Handrit.is – a catalog and digital library of manuscripts (in collaboration with the Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies and the Arnamagnæan Institute) –, and the online Icelandic National Bibliography (2008) among others.
The library signed the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities in September 2012.
Administration and roles
The roles of the National and University Library are defined with a special law dating from 2011 and related regulations. The library is defined as an independent higher education institution under the Icelandic Ministry of Education, Science and Culture which commissions the library board, consisting of seven members, and the National Librarian.
Administratively the library is divided into five sections; conservation, services, communication, acquisitions and administration. The section heads form the library executive board, along with the National Librarian.
The library has the duty to collect and catalog all published Icelandic print, electronic and audio material for preservation and continued access. It is to manage its extensive manuscript collection and ensure the continued conservation of all the materials it collects. The library collects materials partly through receiving the legal deposit from publishers and partly through acquisitions and gifts.
The legal deposit is defined in a special law dating from 2001 where the collection of electronic material published on the World Wide Web is defined as being one of the tasks of the library. Currently, the library collects snapshots of all web pages within the Icelandic top-level domain .is using the Heritrix web crawler.
The library is the ISBN and ISSN national center in Iceland. It is also the national center for interlibrary loans. It has the role of coordinator for the national OPAC, Gegnir.
The library has the duty to provide information and library service to the general public. It has a special duty to support the needs of teaching and research at the University of Iceland. The library manages subscriptions to scientific databases and electronic journals for the university and administers the office for national access to bibliographic databases and electronic journals, hvar.is, jointly financed by the Icelandic state and a consortium of Icelandic libraries, schools and research institutions and companies.
Collections
Reference section
The reference section of the library contains reference works, manuals, encyclopedias, dictionaries and bibliographic registries etc. for on-site consultation. Within the reference section there are also computers for consulting the OPAC and for general use by guests. As these are part of the Internet of the University of Iceland, they have access to all electronic reference works that the university subscribes to in addition to the library subscriptions. The same applies to the wireless Internet hotspot available in the whole building. Part of the collection of reference works is available in the reading hall of the national and manuscript collections.
National collection
The national collection comprises all Icelandic published material in print, electronic or audiographic form collected through the legal deposit or acquired by other means. The library actively collects materials relating to Iceland published elsewhere and not subject to the Icelandic law on legal deposit. This equally applies to materials published online. This way, the library has created the most complete collection of Icelandic materials available anywhere in the world which it conserves, stores and makes available for on-site use in a special reading hall it shares with the manuscript collections. Access to highly valuable and rare items is restricted, but the library usually tries to make these available through its digital imaging production line. Within the national collection there are some private collections of individuals that are stored separately.
Manuscript collections
The library manuscript collections contain some 15,000 items, the oldest vellum manuscripts dating from around 1100 and are among the earliest examples of written Icelandic. Most of the collections are paper manuscripts, the oldest ones dating from the end of the 16th century. The youngest items are collections of manuscripts and letters, including electronic materials, from contemporary people which include some of Iceland's most prominent literary figures such as Halldór Laxness. The manuscript collections of the library can be consulted in a separate reading hall where the items are provided by request for on-site use. Some of the manuscripts are cataloged in registers which are available in digital form on the library website. The library is currently working on creating an online catalog for manuscripts jointly with the Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies in Reykjavík and the Arnamagnæan Institute in Copenhagen.
Audiovisual collection
The audiovisual collection of the library is available for on-site use using special facilities, screens and headphones, provided by the library. The collection includes materials that are part of the national collection as well as a large collection of international materials, records, films, television programs etc. The main emphasis of the collection, however, is to collect all Icelandic material and make it available to library guests.
Academic collection
The bulk of the academic collection consists of materials from the original library of the University of Iceland. It contains international scientific works and textbooks along with literary works in many languages, including a large collection of translations of Icelandic literature. By request, the library reserves textbooks used in courses taught at the University of Iceland to ensure that they are available for on-site study. Most of the academic collection, however, can be borrowed for off-site use by holders of library cards issued by the library. Students at the University of Iceland get such cards for free. Parts of the collection are available in two library branches on campus.
See also
Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies
Handrit.is
Timarit.is
University of Iceland
Skemman.is
References
External links
The National and University Library of Iceland
Gegnir – catalog of Icelandic libraries
Libraries in Iceland
Iceland
Iceland
University of Iceland
1994 establishments in Iceland
Buildings and structures in Reykjavík
Culture in Reykjavík
Libraries established in 1994
Deposit libraries
Library buildings completed in 1983
Basilica di Santa Maria del Colle (Italian for Basilica of Santa Maria del Colle) is a Renaissance basilica in Pescocostanzo, Province of L'Aquila (Abruzzo).
History
The first temple dates back to the 11th century. In 1456 the church was destroyed by an earthquake but was rebuilt as early as 1466, in the new and larger town, becoming a parish church and linking the entire village to the diocese of Cassino .
Architecture
References
External links
Maria del Colle
Maria del Colle
Pescocostanzo
Robert Bruce Salter (December 15, 1924 – May 10, 2010) was a Canadian surgeon and a pioneer in the field of pediatric orthopaedic surgery.
Born in Stratford, Ontario, they graduated in medicine from the University of Toronto in 1947, worked for two years at the Grenfell Medical Mission in Newfoundland, and spent one year as the McLaughlin Fellow in Oxford, England. Salter then returned to join the medical staff at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto in 1955. They were later appointed surgeon-in-chief.
Salter developed a procedure to correct congenital dislocation of the hip, pioneered continuous passive motion for the treatment of joint injuries, and co- developed a classification of growth plate injuries in children, commonly known as the Salter–Harris fractures classification system. They also developed the supraacetabular innominate osteotomy (i.e. the Salter osteotomy) to treat operatively congenital dislocation of hip. Their textbook of orthopaedic surgery, Disorders and Injuries of the Musculoskeletal System, is used throughout the world.
They were made an officer of the Order of Canada in 1977 and was promoted to companion in 1997. In 1988, they were awarded the Order of Ontario. In 1995 they were inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame. They were also a fellow of the Academy of Science of the Royal Society of Canada, and received the Gairdner Foundation International Award for medical science, the FNG Starr Medal of the Canadian Medical Association and the Bristol-Myers Squibb-Zimmer Award for Distinguished Achievement in Orthopaedic Research.
Salter died on May 10, 2010.
References
External links
Robert Bruce Salter at The Canadian Encyclopedia
Biography
1924 births
2010 deaths
University of Toronto alumni
Canadian medical researchers
Canadian orthopedic surgeons
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Companions of the Order of Canada
Members of the Order of Ontario
People from Stratford, Ontario
Fellows of the Royal Heraldry Society of Canada
Alanköy is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Kuruthykkalam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. K. Sahadevan. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Sheela and Shobha in the lead roles. The film had musical score by Jaya Vijaya.
Cast
Sathyan
Madhu
Sheela
Shobha
Abbas
Ambili
Bahadoor
Kottayam Chellappan
Nithya
K. S. Parvathy
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Jaya Vijaya and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Cape Ross () is a granite headland 8 nautical miles (15 km) north of Cape Archer on the coast of Victoria Land. First charted by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) which named this feature for Sir James Clark Ross, the discoverer of the Ross Sea and Victoria Land.
Headlands of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Desert Flower is an opera in three acts composed by William Vincent Wallace. The libretto was an English translation and adaptation by A. Harris and Thomas J. Williams of the libretto by Henri Saint-Georges and Adolphe de Leuven for Halévy's Jaguarita l'Indienne. The Desert Flower premiered on 12 October 1863 in London at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden in a performance by the Pyne and Harrison English Opera Company with Louisa Pyne in the title role.
Background and performance history
Both Halevy's Jaguarita l'Indienne and The Desert Flower probably owe their origins to the factual account by Captain John Gabriel Stedman of their adventures in Surinam/Dutch Guiana, titled The Narrative of a Five Years Expedition against the Revolted Negroes of Surinam (1796). The last opera to be completed by Wallace, its premiere on 12 October 1863 at Covent Garden opened the 8th and final season of Louisa Pyne and William Harrison's English Opera Company. The Prince of Wales was in the audience, and Louisa Pyne themselves sang the role of Oanita, with Harrison as Captain Maurice. A contemporary review pronounced the songs "pretty" and the music "pleasing" but noted that "there are no passages which, by their brilliancy and sweetnesss, raise the work to the heights which the composer has achieved in some of their former operas."
The opera was not a particular success with audiences either, and was withdrawn after two weeks. The Desert Flower received its US premiere at New York's Academy of Music on 12 January 1868 with Caroline Richings as Oanita and William Castle as Captain Maurice. Wallace's opera is all but forgotten now, but the overture is occasionally played in concerts. Wilhelm Kuhe composed a Fantasia for piano based on its score, and in 1867 its main arias and duets were published as parlour songs in The Vocal Gems of William Vincent Wallace's Romantic Opera The Desert Flower.
Principal roles and premiere cast
Synopsis
Although based on Halévy's Jaguarita l'Indienne, some of the plot details were altered by Harris & Williams. The opera is based in Surinam/Dutch Guiana, where the Dutch settlers are under attack by the local Anakawtas Indian tribe, led by their beautiful queen, Oanita, and their henchman and admirer, Casgan. The settlement is protected by two Dutch officers, the brave Captain Maurice and a reluctant new arrival, Major Hector Van Pumpernickle (who provides the comic relief). Matters become complicated when Oanita and Captain Maurice fall in love. This leads to the enmity of Casgan, and a tryst by the lovers is interrupted by him, and results in the capture of Maurice, who refuses Casgan's request to betray their comrades and countrymen. Oanita however allows Maurice to escape, and is, in turn, about to be put to death by their enraged tribe when they are rescued by Maurice and their soldier band, resulting in the death of their rival Casgan. Thus all ends happily with the lovers reunited, leading to the restoration of peace between settlers and Indians.
Main arias and duets
'Through the pathless forests drear'
'Swift as dart'
'The wood bird's song'
'The pangs of unrequited love'
'Why did I leave my country dear'
'Though born in woods'
'Dance ye lithely'
'Why throbs this heart'
'Ah! Happy hour' (duet)
'The desert waste, the rocky steep'
'I make thee king'
'My loved home I never shall see more'
'No joy can e'er the bliss exceed'
Recordings
There is no recording of the complete opera. Only one aria with piano accompaniment has so far been recorded:
Through the Pathless Forest Drear, performed by Sally Silver (soprano) and Richard Bonynge (piano), on the album Songs by William Vincent Wallace, Somm Célèste SOMMCD 0131, CD (2013).
References
Sources
Brown, T. Allston, A history of the New York stage from the first performance in 1732 to 1901, Dodd, Mead and Co., 1903, Vol. 2, p. 59.
Flood, W. H. Grattan, William Vincent Wallace: A Memoir, Published at the offices of The Waterford News, 1912.
The Rose, the Shamrock and the Thistle, a Magazine, "October 12 — Royal English Opera, Covent Garden", Vol. 4, November 1863 April 1864, pp. 223–224.
Wallace, William Vincent, The Desert Flower: An Opera, in Three Acts, libretto published by the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden and sold in the theatre, 1863.
Wyndham, Henry Saxe, The annals of Covent Garden theatre from 1732 to 1897, Chatto & Windus, 1906, Vol. 2, p. 243.
Operas
English-language operas
1863 operas
Operas by William Vincent Wallace
Operas set in North America
Stanislav Vladimirovich Zakharov (; born 31 August 1981) is a Russian former pair skater.  They are the 2002 World Junior champion with partner Elena Riabchuk. In the summer of 2000, their blade struck Riabchuk during a side-by-side spin, putting them in hospital for a couple of weeks.
Results
With Riabchuk
With Potanina
Programs
(with Riabchuk)
References
External links
Pairs on Ice profile
Navigation
Russian male pair skaters
Living people
1981 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
People from Odintsovo
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Kanthi railway station is a railway station on the Tamluk–Digha branch line of South Eastern Railway zone of Indian Railways. The railway station is situated beside Kanthi Bypass Road at Contai in Purba Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal. The distance between Howrah and this railway station is approximately 152 km. Number of Express and passengers trains stop at Kanthi railway station.
History
The Tamluk–Digha line was sanctioned in 1984–85 Railway Budget at an estimated cost of around Rs 74 crore. Finally this line was opened in 2004. This track including Kanthi railway station was electrified in 2012–13.
References
Railway stations in Purba Medinipur district
Kharagpur railway division
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
Andy or Andrew Lloyd may refer to:
Andy Lloyd (cricketer) (born 1956), English cricketer for Warwickshire
Andy Lloyd (rugby union) (born 1981), Welsh international rugby union player
Andrew Lloyd (athlete) (born 1959), English-born Australian runner and 1990 Commonwealth Champion
Andrew Lloyd (tennis), American tennis player in the 1960s
Andrew Lloyd (MP), Member for Shropshire (UK Parliament constituency) in 1658-59
See also
Andrew Lloyd Webber (born 1948), British composer and impresario
Yıldırımçatak is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Democratic Republic of the Congo–Rwanda border is a border between the two countries of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Crossing Lake Kivu in its entirety through the Virunga Mountains down to Mount Karisimbi, it is 221 kilometers long, dividing the cities of Goma/Gisenyi and Bukavu/Cyangugu.
There was a brief border clash between the two countries in 2012, which resulted in a few soldiers being killed. Additional alleged cross-border shellings happened during a period of heightened tensions between the two countries.
References
Paisley Lions were a motorcycle speedway team that participated in the British National League in 1975 and 1976. The team was based at Love Street in Paisley, Scotland, home of St Mirren F.C.
History
The club's colours were red and gold with a Rampant Lion. The first meeting (during which the Lions raced against Birmingham Brummies) was held on 5 April 1975 in front of a crowd of over six thousand people. Sid Sheldrick led the parade on the first meet leading a lion cub called Leo on a chain.
The Lions did not enjoy a great deal of success, finishing fifteenth out of twenty clubs in the 1975 New National League season and sixteenth out of eighteen clubs in the 1976 National League season. Despite a brave effort by their supporters at the end of the 1976 season, the final meeting at Love Street was held on 25 September 1976 when the Lions beat Boston Barracudas 52–25.
The Paisley riders in that final meeting were: Stuart Mountford, Alan Bridgett, Mike Fishwick, Mike Fullerton, Mick Sheldrick, Colin Caffrey and Malcolm Chambers.
Season summary
Notable riders
Sid Sheldrick
Mick Sheldrick
Alan Bridgett
Mike Fullerton
Colin Caffrey
Stuart Mountford
Bernie Foot
Tommy Davie
References
Defunct British speedway teams
Sport in Paisley, Renfrewshire
Modern Husbands (Spanish:Maridos modernos) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and starring Olinda Bozán, Francisco Álvarez and Oscar Valicelli.
The film's art direction was by Juan Manuel Concado.
Cast
Olinda Bozán
Francisco Álvarez
Oscar Valicelli
Aída Alberti
Raimundo Pastore
Pepita Muñoz
Betty Lagos
Juan José Porta
Nelly Scheila
Marino Seré
References
Bibliography
Roberto Blanco Pazos & Raúl Clemente. Diccionario de actrices del cine argentino, 1933-1997. Corregidor, 1997.
External links
1948 comedy films
Argentine comedy films
1948 films
1940s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Luis Bayón Herrera
Argentine black-and-white films
1940s Argentine films
Chia Chih-ta () is the dean of the College of Science at National Taiwan Normal University, NTNU, and teaches at the Department of Physics. To promote the education of physics and its popularity among high school students in Taiwan, Chia participates in many tournaments for physicists. They have led high school students in Taiwan to win three silver medals at the International Young Physicists' Tournament. They have also held physicists' tournaments for college students in Taiwan and has invited students from China to join such summits and competitions. Meanwhile, they have long been dedicated to integrating industrial practicum with the education of the College of Science at NTNU.
Education
B.S., the Department of Physics, National Taiwan Normal University
M.S., the Department of Physics, National Taiwan Normal University
D.S., the Department of Physics, Arizona State University
Position
Commission Member of IUPAP C14: Physics Education 2021-
Chair of the "Research Center of Science Teachers", 2016-2020
Founder and Host of Taipei Science Fair (Science Taipei having Fun), 2014-2018
Dean, the School of Science, National Taiwan Normal University. August 2013 –2016
Executive Committee Member, the International Youth Physicists' Tournament. September 2012-September 2014
International Advisory Committee Member, Microwave Materials and their Application. September 2008-June 2014
Chairman of the Subject of Physics, College Entrance Examination Center, Taiwan. May–July, 2008; May–July, 2009, May–July, 2011.
President, Physics Education Society, Taiwan. September 2008-August 2012.
Council Member, The Physical Society of the Republic of China. January 2007-January 2009.
Leader, the Project of Cultivating Talents for the International Physics Olympiad, Taiwan. September 2011-August 2016
Committee Member of the Second Examination, the Physics Research Promotion Center, Ministry of Science and Technology, Taiwan. (March 2008-June 2011)
Assessment Member, Higher Education Evaluation and Accreditation Council of Taiwan. January 2009-December 2010.
Consultant, Material and Chemical Research Laboratories, Industrial Technology Research Institute. (January 2005-December 2013)
Chairman, the Department of Physics, National Taiwan Normal University (June 2008-July 2009)
President, the Alumni Society of Department of Physics, NTNU. (July 2009-June 2011)
Member of the Admission Committee, the Training Course for Teachers of Middle Education, the Ministry of Education, Taiwan. (January 2006-December 2008).
References
Taiwanese physicists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
National Taiwan Normal University faculty
Kienberg () is the name of several places:
Kienberg (Gärten der Welt) (Berlin U-Bahn), a railway station
Kienberg, Bavaria, Germany
Kienberg, Switzerland
Loučovice, a village in South Bohemia, known as Kienberg in German
Jim in Bold is a documentary about Jim Wheeler, a gay high school student in Lebanon, Pennsylvania, who committed suicide in 1997 because of constant harassment at school. The film was created by the Equality Forum and directed by Glenn Holsten. The original music was composed by Michael Aharon.
Synopsis
The film, titled after a poem by Wheeler, details the abuse they received at the hands of their classmates because of their homosexuality. It also presents interviews and a cross-nation road-trip with members of Young Gay America, an online teen organization for gays, and compares the teasing and physical abuse Jim suffered to the increasingly open attitudes towards homosexuality six years later when the film was first shown.
Screenings and reactions
The film premiered at the Equality Forum 2003 on May 1 at The Kimmel Center in Philadelphia. A later showing, held September 28, 2003 at the Pennsylvania State Museum in Harrisburg as a fundraiser for Common Roads, a local gay youth support group, was protested by 10 members of the Westboro Baptist Church, a religious institution well known for their extreme anti-gay views. Because they announced their intention to protest in advance, they were overwhelmed by over 800 counter-protesters who declared the day "Unity Day". The counter-protest was organized by the Pride Festival of Central Pennsylvania led by community organizer Reynaldo Lacaba.
References
External links
Jim in Bold official website
2003 films
Documentary films about violence against LGBT people
American LGBT-related films
Films about bullying
Documentary films about suicide
LGBT youth
LGBT and education
2003 documentary films
2003 LGBT-related films
Documentary films about Pennsylvania
Lebanon, Pennsylvania
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Northern Cook Islands is one of the two chains of atolls which make up the Cook Islands. Lying in a horizontal band between 9° and 13°30' south of the Equator, the chain consists of the atolls of Manihiki, Nassau, Penrhyn, Pukapuka, Rakahanga and Suwarrow, along with the submerged Tema Reef.
Geography
The chain forms a roughly inverted triangular shape, stretching from Penrhyn in the northeast to Pukapuka in the northwest and to Suwarrow in the south. The Northern Cook Islands are separated from the Southern Cook Islands by a wide stretch of the Pacific Ocean, with the nearest part of the Southern chain being Palmerston Island, due south of Suwarrow.
With an area of just 21 sq. km. and a population of 1,041 (according to the 2016 census), the islands only account for some 6% of the Cooks' population and 9% of the land area. Almost all of this population is on the three islands of Pukapuka, Manihiki, and Penrhyn.
The two chains are also geographically different: although both chains are formed from coral atolls which grew around volcanoes, the northern islands are far older, and the volcanic cones have sunk. As such, the northern chain is much lower lying than the southern chain. The two island chains are also parts of different marine ecoregions, with the Northern Cooks regarded as Central Polynesian and the Southern Cooks as Eastern Polynesian. Similarly, the land ecoregion in the Northern Cooks is Central Polynesian tropical moist forest whereas that of the southern chain is Cook Islands tropical moist forest.
History
The islands were settled by Polynesians for several centuries before the first European visitors, Spanish explorer Alvaro de Mendana, navigator Pedro Fernandez de Quiros, and their crew reached and named the island of San Bernardo in 1595, now widely believed to have been Pukapuka. De Quiros returned to the region in 1606 in charge of their own vessel, making landfall at Rakahanga.
The population of the chain was decimated by blackbirding during the 19th century, with the island of Tongareva (now more widely known as Penrhyn) being almost completely depopulated. At the end of the century, the chain became part of the Cook Islands Protectorate before the entire protectorate was annexed to New Zealand in 1900.
From the 1850s until 1980, the United States laid claim to much of the northern chain under the Guano Islands Act. Despite this, the United States military acknowledged New Zealand sovereignty during World War II operations. The Cook Islands became a self-governing island nation in free association with New Zealand in 1965, and the US relinquished any last claims to the islands when it signed the 1980 Cook Islands–United States Maritime Boundary Treaty.
Economy
In general terms, the northern group is the less well economically developed of the two chains, having far less connection with the rest of the world than the southern chain. A compounding factor is the limited economic resources of the islands; though fishing is important to the group, the coral soil is of poor fertility and fresh water is generally in poor supply. The population is in decline, having reduced from over 2000 in the early 1960s.
The higher susceptibility of the chain to tropical cyclones (and the propensity for greater damage due to its low-lying nature) has also caused considerable hardship, with severe damage being recorded after Cyclone Percy in 2005. The vulnerability of the chain to global warming (for the same reason) has also not encouraged economic development of the islands.
References
Further reading
Wheeler, T., and Keller, N. J., (1994) Rarotonga and the Cook Islands. Hawthorn, VIC, Australia: Lonely Planet.
Landforms of the Cook Islands
Archipelagoes of the Pacific Ocean
Cook Islands
Islands of the Cook Islands
Langtry is an English surname of habitational origin which derives from three settlements in Devon, Oxfordshire, and Lancashire called Langtree, from the Old English lang, long ‘long', ‘tall' + treow ‘tree'.
Notable Langtrys include:
Albert P. Langtry (1860–1939), Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A.
Brian Langtry (born 1976), lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth and the Denver Outlaws
Henry Langtry (1841–1892), English cavalry colonel
Henry V.M. Langtry (1869–1935), British Army lieutenant-colonel
James I. Langtry (1939–2021), government official and educator
James MacKay Langtry (1894–1971), British footballer and technical adviser on shipbuilding
John Langtry (1834–1906), M.A., D.C.L., member of the Anglican Church in Canada
Joe Langtry (1880–1951), Australian politician
Joseph Langtry (1805–1862), Royal Navy captain
Lillie Langtry (1853–1929), born Emilie Charlotte Le Breton, renowned British actor
Jeanne Marie Langtry Malcolm (1881–1964), illegitimate daughter of Lillie Langtry
Roberta Langtry (1916–2005), Canadian philanthropist
Arthur Langtry (the Merlin), a fictional character in Jim Butcher's novel series The Dresden Files
References
See also
Langtry (disambiguation)
English toponymic surnames
Franziska Liebing (6 February 1899 – 3 January 1993) also known as Franziska Liebig, was a Swedish-born German film and later US film actor.
Biography
Liebling was born in Ersnas, Sweden, although many sources state they were born in Munich, where they spent their working life.
They were active on screen between 1953 and 1979, appearing in TV series and made for TV films, although their most notable role was Grandma Josephine (Charlie Bucket's grandmother) in the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. Them final on-screen role came in Der Ruepp in 1979.
They were married to Inez Liebing and had no children. They died on 3 January 1993, from natural causes, at the age of 93, at a nursing facility in Munich.
Selected filmography
External links
1899 births
1993 deaths
Swedish expatriates in Germany
20th-century Swedish actores
Buchholz in der Nordheide (Northern Low Saxon: Bookholt) is the largest town in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 25 km southwest of Hamburg.
Geography
Buchholz is home to the Brunsberg, at 129m the highest mountain in the region. It is on the northern edge of the Lüneburg Heath (Lüneburger Heide), hence the suffix to the name.
History
In 1958, Buchholz received its city charter.
In 1992, Buchholz was struck by a small tornado which destroyed many trees and damaged numerous houses. In 2002, the temperature in Buchholz rose above 38 degrees celsius, marking an all-time high for its region.
In 2006, Buchholz tried to set a new world record by placing a crowd of 2000 people in the form of a large heart near the local swimming pool. The attempt ultimately failed because 39 people did not show up.
Division of the town
The districts of Steinbeck, Dibbersen, Seppensen, Holm-Seppensen, Sprötze and Trelde belong to Buchholz.
Districts sort by population:
Buchholz (nucleated town)
District Reindorf
District Vaensen
District Buensen
Holm-Seppensen
District Seppensen
District Holm-Seppensen
District Holm
Steinbeck
District Steinbeck
District Meilsen
Sprötze
Trelde
District Trelde
District Suerhop
Dibbersen
District Dibbersen
District Dangersen
Number of inhabitants
1821 – 178
1871 – 350
1905 – 1,220
1925 – 2,138
1939 – 3,110
1945 – ca. 5,000
1946 – 6,003
1958 – 7,523
1963 – 10,364
1968 – 13,590
1972 – 15,273
After incorporations:
1972 – 22,620
1975 – 26,393
1998 – 35,264
1999 – 35,603
2000 – 35,916
2002 – 36,483
2004 – 38,556
2006 - 38,167
2010 - 40,234
2012 - 40,790
Twin towns – sister cities
Buchholz in der Nordheide is twinned with:
Canteleu, France
Järvenpää, Finland
Wołów, Poland
Notable people
Matthias Wolfes (born 1961), protestant theologian and church historian
Bettina Walter (born 1971), documentary film producer
Alexander Meier (born 1983), footballer
Nikias Arndt (born 1991), cyclist
Anton Stach (born 1998), footballer
Living in Buchholz
Dieter Kottysch (born 1943), boxer, Olympic winner 1972
Christel Wegner (born 1947), politician (DKP, Die Linke), deputy for the Landtag
Wilhelm Leber (born 1947), mathematician, until 2013 Chief Apostle of the New Apostolic Church
References
External links
Towns in Lower Saxony
Harburg (district)
Case Closed: The Mirapolis Investigation, known in Japan as , is a video game for the Wii. It is based upon the popular anime and manga series Case Closed by Gosho Aoyama. Players use the Wii Remote to find clues and solve the cases.
Gameplay
Characters are designed in 3D models. During gameplay, the Wii Remote is used to solve cases in a point and click fashion (similar to games like Sam & Max and the Monkey Island series). There are times when Conan may be controlled as an actual character. There is an arcade mode where Conan travels around in an arcade where the players are able to play minigames.
Plot
The game follows Conan, Mouri, Ran, and The Junior Detective League as they are invited to the opening of a new hotel called The Mirapolis. But on the first day, someone is murdered. Now Conan must find out who did it.
References
External links
2007 video games
Mirapolis Investigation, The
Video games based on anime and manga
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in hotels
Detective video games
Mystery video games
Wii games
Wii-only games
Rumble is an online video platform and cloud services business headquartered in Longboat Key, Florida and Toronto, Ontario. It was founded in October 2013 by Chris Pavlovski, a technology entrepreneur from Canada. The cloud services business is known for hosting Truth Social and the video platform is popular among American right, and far-right users, and has been described as part of "alt-tech".
Users and content
Rumble promotes itself as being "immune to cancel culture." For its first seven years, content on Rumble largely consisted of viral videos and news from mainstream media sources as well as videos of children and animals. In August 2020, however, Representative Devin Nunes accused YouTube of overly censuring their channel and began posting their videos on Rumble. Other prominent conservatives, such as Dinesh D'Souza, Dan Bongino, Sean Hannity, and Representative Jim Jordan, soon followed. Former US President Donald Trump officially joined Rumble on June 26, 2021, in preparation for recording their Ohio campaign rally.
As of August 15, 2022, Rumble has 44 million monthly active users (MAU). A lot of Rumble's traffic is referred from Parler. Using data from February 2021, researchers studying conspiracy theories and misinformation about COVID-19 noted that several content creators have gained a receptive audience on Rumble after their productions have been pulled from YouTube or Facebook. They include Del Bigtree, Sherri Tenpenny, and Simone Gold. According to a June 2021 article from Slate, "Pavlovski has recently become more outspoken in accusing Big Tech of censorship and now actively courts prominent conservatives and intellectual dark web figures to join Rumble."
Other channels on Rumble include America's Funniest Home Videos, Jimmy Dore, Alex Jones of InfoWars, American broadcasting company E. W. Scripps Company, Truly, Hodgetwins, cable news channels Newsmax and One America News Network (OAN), Russian state-controlled international television network RT and news agency organization Reuters. According to Reuters, Rumble is a customer of Reuters which pays to host the agency's content. In August 2021, Rumble announced deals with former Democratic Representative Tulsi Gabbard and The Intercept founder Glenn Greenwald to start posting their videos to the site. After being banned from most other platforms for hate speech and harmful conduct, boxer and social media personality Andrew Tate began posting on Rumble in August 2022. Tate's move coincided with a significant increase in downloads of the Rumble app.
According to a August 2022 Reuters article, Rumble is a better-funded and more mainstream direct competitor to video hosting site BitChute and Odysee, as all three include misinformation and conspiracy theories, with Rumble moderating more content. Unlike BitChute and Odysee, Rumble does suppress results when searching for some keywords associated with hate speech or extremism, although the content itself is still accessible.
Design and restrictions
Along with four other tabs in its main interface, Rumble features "recommended channels" to follow and an "Earnings" tab in its interface.
Rumble also allows its users to generate revenue from their videos. Users upload videos that are licensed to Rumble's partners, such as Yahoo! and Microsoft News, after which money made from those videos is directly deposited into the Rumble account of the user.
The platform forbids pornography, harassment, racism, antisemitism, copyright infringement, and illegal content. Rumble's policies have drawn criticism from alt-tech platforms for not allowing anti-semitism and racism.
Rumble has built its own cloud service infrastructure and video streaming capacity.
Financials
Rumble received investment from venture capitalists Peter Thiel and J. D. Vance in May 2021, with that round of funding valuing Rumble at around $500 million.
In the first nine months of 2021, Rumble generated more than $6.5 million in revenue, mostly from advertisements, but was not profitable.
Rumble acquired Locals in October 2021.
Rumble has announced plans to trade publicly as soon as the middle of 2022 after merging with a special purpose acquisition company.
Partnerships
On December 14, 2021, Trump Media & Technology Group (TMTG) announced that it entered a "wide-ranging technology and cloud services agreement" with Rumble in a statement which also stated that Rumble would operate part of Truth Social as well as TMTG. In August 2022, Rumble announced plans to provide an online advertising platform known as Rumble Ads, with Truth Social as its first publisher.
Google lawsuit
On January 11, 2021, Rumble filed an antitrust lawsuit against Google over its search results, seeking damages exceeding $2 billion. Rumble claimed that Google manipulates its algorithm so as to favor Google's YouTube over Rumble in Google search results. Rumble alleges that this reduces its viewership and results in lower advertising revenues. As of August 2022, the case was ongoing.
See also
Comparison of video hosting services
List of online video platforms
References
External links
Alt-tech
Canadian entertainment websites
Internet properties established in 2013
Video hosting
Video on demand services
German name of Bóbr river
Bober (surname)
Johann von Böber (1746-1820), German teacher, entomologist and botanist
See also
The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23, 24 and 25 August. 106.7 cm (3'6) (senior implement) hurdles were used.
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Wind: +1.8 m/s
Semifinals
24 August
Semifinal 1
Wind: +0.3 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: -1.1 m/s
Semifinal 3
Wind: -1.5 m/s
Heats
23 August
Heat 1
Wind: +0.9 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: -0.6 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: +1.1 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: -0.6 m/s
Heat 5
Wind: +0.2 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 34 athletes from 26 countries participated in the event.
References
110 metres hurdles
Sprint hurdles at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Jewel's Reward (March 10, 1955 – September 16, 1959) was a Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. They were voted the American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt of 1957 by the Thoroughbred Racing Association and Turf & Sports Digest magazine. The rival Daily Racing Form poll was topped by Nadir. Owned by the Maine Chance Farm of "Cosmetics Queen" Elizabeth Arden, Jewel's Reward was trained by National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee Ivan Parke.
Following their championship year, in which they won more money than any other two-year-old in history, at age three Jewels Reward was ranked a top contender for the U.S. Triple Crown series after winning the Wood Memorial Stakes at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. However, an injury during a workout hampered the colt and after being sent off as the betting favorite, they ran fourth in the Kentucky Derby and seventh in the Preakness Stakes. Later that year, Jewel's Reward was sent to race in California, where they were trained by Bill Molter.
Returned to the East Coast, in August 1959 the four-year-old Jewel's Reward came down with colic and died on September 16 in their barn at Belmont Park.
References
1955 racehorse births
1959 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
American Champion racehorses
Thoroughbred family A11
Dereköy is a village in the Karamanlı district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Karamanlı District
Comprehensive Technologies International, Inc. v. Software Artisans, Inc., 3 F.3d 730 (4th Cir. 1993) was a case in which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit discussed legal tests for software copyright infringement, and ruled that trade secret misappropriation requires more than circumstantial evidence. The case also ruled on what terms may be reasonable and enforceable in non-compete agreements.
Background
Virginia-based Comprehensive Technologies International (CTI) primarily dealt with defense-related services. In 1988, they created a software group and expanded into Electronic Data Interchange with Claims Express, targeted at the medical industries, and EDI Link, designed to make and use a range of forms.
In February 1991, with EDI Link incomplete, seven CTI employees left the company and formed Software Artisans, Inc. (SA) in April 1991. Software Artisans created a program called Transend which also used EDI transmission to send forms. Transend was developed and marketed by July 1991.
CTI sued Software Artisans and its former employees Marshall Dean Hawkes, Igor Filippides, Randall Sterba, Richard Hennig, David Bixler, Alvan Bixler, and Mark Hawkes for copyright infringement, trade secret misappropriation, breach of confidentiality, and breach of contract. CTI also alleged that Dean Hawkes violated their non-compete agreement.
The district court ruled for the defendants on all counts. CTI appealed, and the case was argued in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals on March 30, 1993.
Copyright infringement
The district court ruled against CTI's claims of copyright infringement, due to findings that Transend was not a literal copy of either of CTI's software programs, nor was it substantially similar to either in structure, sequence, and organization. CTI argued that the court should instead have compared with the “abstraction-flitration-comparison” test used by the Second Circuit. The Fourth Circuit ruled that CTI did not meet their burden of proof because they did not indicate evidence from the trial that would have proven their point, therefore the district court's finding on copyright infringement claims were affirmed for the defendant.
Trade secret misappropriation
CTI's claims of trade secret misappropriation were also denied by the district court due to insufficient evidence. The district court found that CTI's claimed trade secrets did not fulfill the requirements of deriving independent economic value from not generally being known and not being readily ascertainable. In addition, the court concluded that there was no evidence that Software Artisans had copied CTI's claimed secret, which the court equated with misappropriation's requirement of "use" of the secret.
Presented evidence of misappropriation was circumstantial: short development time and no documentation of the software design. Software Artisans' programmers testified that they preferred to work on a whiteboard and annotate their code rather than produce formal documentation, and an expert witnesses testified that it was common for small software companies to neglect formal documentation. This testimony was sufficient for the court to deny the circumstantial evidence that is common in such cases.
Non-compete agreement
The district court declined to enforce Dean Hawkes' covenant not to compete, reasoning that it was broader than necessary according to Virginia's three-part test for assessing whether such restrictive covenants are reasonable: no greater restraint than is necessary from the employer's perspective, not unduly harsh from the employee's perspective, and reasonable in terms of sound public policy. On appeal, the court cited similar restrictions that were not deemed unreasonable in scope, and noted Hawkes' thorough knowledge of CTI's confidential information. With that ruling vacated, the decision on whether Hawkes breached their agreement was remanded to the district court.
See also
Uniform Trade Secrets Act
References
External links
United States computer case law
United States copyright case law
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit cases
1993 in United States case law
Trade secret case law
"Hip Hop Bommi Bop" is a parody hip hop version of the Die Toten Hosen song "Eisgekühlter Bommerlunder". The song was born with the cooperation with Fab Five Freddy.
A remix of the song ("Tap into America-Mix") was released on Auf dem Kreuzzug ins Glück. It features a more aggressive part for Die Toten Hosen. This version was also added to the greatest hits album Reich & sexy.
Music video
The video depicts the band and Fab Five Freddy in a situation, where the band members are cannibalistic natives and Freddy is in their cauldron, being cooked and singing the song.
Track listing
"Hip Hop Bommi Bop" (Breitkopf, Frege, von Holst, Meurer, Trimpop/Meurer, Trimpop) − 4:25
"Hip Hop Bommi Bop Bop" − 6:47
1983 singles
1983 songs
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Fab Five Freddy
Songs written by Michael Breitkopf
David Ng Lap Seng (; born June 1948) is a Macau-based Chinese billionaire real estate business person, chairperson of the Sun Kian Ip Group (新建业集团).  They are a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).
Criminal investigation
Ng Lap Seng is the subject of an American investigation, and faces bribery, money laundering and other charges, as they allegedly that they paid bribes via intermediaries totalling US$500,000 to former UN General Assembly president John William Ashe.
According to Farrukh Khan, the Program Manager on Climate Finance at the UN Secretary General's Office, Ashe played a central role in the negotiations for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). On 22 September 2014 Ashe launched the Global Sustainable Development Foundation to support the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and the SDGs. It was to "support the UN's mission and accelerate the achievement of the MDGs and SDGs".
According to a 2021 report by IPS News, “John William Ashe skillfully set the stage for the SDGs by working with larger countries to create a process for the SDGs that truly had global buy in."
On the 7 March 2015 Ng's Sun Kian Ip Group signed a "cooperation agreement" with the Director of the United Nations Office for South-South Cooperation (UNOSSC), Yiping Zhou. In April 2015 the Deputy Director of the UNOSSC, Inyang Ebong-Harstrup, met with Ng in Macau.In August 2015 the Sun Kian Ip Group sponsored a High-Level Strategy Forum for the UNOSSC. The Forum was also attended by former President of the UN General Assembly, John William Ashe. Ashe was arrested, along with Ng and others, in October 2015 by the FBI.
Since October 2015, they have been confined to their New York City apartment on US$50 million bail, with very tight restrictions. As of January 2016, two suspects have pleaded guilty. In March 2016, a third suspect, Francis Lorenzo, deputy ambassador to the United Nations from the Dominican Republic, pleaded guilty.
US prosecutors estimate that Ng's net worth is in excess of US$1 billion.
Ng Lap Seng was also part of a Democratic fund-raising scandal when Bill Clinton was president, and is mentioned in the Panama Papers.
In July 2017, the U.S. District Court in Manhattan found Ng guilty of all charges they faced, following a month-long trial.
The Supreme Court of the United States rejected an attempt by Ng in 2019 to argue that U.N. officials do not fall under the purview of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).
On 16 March 2020 a Petition for Writ of Certiorari was submitted to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The Second Circuit affirmed Ng's conviction under 18 U.S.C. SS666, “which criminalises bribery of any agent”, and under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).
On 1 June 2020 “The court held that the word ‘organization' as used in section 666, and defined by 1 U.S.C. 1 and 18 U.S.C. 18, applies to all non‐government legal persons, including public international organizations such as the U.N. The court also held that the ‘official act' quid pro quo for bribery as proscribed by 18 U.S.C. 201(b)(1), defined by id. section 201(a)(3), and explained in McDonnell v. United States, does not delimit bribery as proscribed by section 666 and the FCPA.”
On 17 March 2021 a U.S. judge ordered Ng Lap Seng's release from prison on "compassionate release" saying they would be safer in Macau than in a prison during the coronavirus pandemic. Ng had served 34 months of their four-year prison sentence following their 2017 conviction for bribing two United Nations ambassadors.
On 21 April 2021 Ng Lap Seng returned to Macau. They spent three weeks in a quarantine hotel. Ng had been scheduled to be released from prison on 23 December 2021.
References
Further reading
Liétar, Pauline (2017). ONU: la grande imposture, Albin Michel. ISBN 9782226393913
Kwok, Sharon I., Lo, T. Wing, Siegel, Dina (2019). Organized Crime and Corruption Across Borders: Exploring the Belt and Road Initiative, Routledge. ISBN 9780429632235
South-South Cooperation and Chinese Sun Kian Ip Group signs cooperation agreement, 7 March 2015, USA News Online
On Petition for Writ of Certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, Supreme Court of the United States, March 16, 2020
One of China's Richest Men Convicted in United Nations Bribery Case: Ng Lap Seng, a Chinese billionaire who wanted to build a U.N. facility in China that would be as big as the one in New York, was convicted of bribery, conspiracy and money laundering charges on Thursday, NBC News, July 27, 2017
Chinese billionaire Ng Lap Seng convicted in UN bribery case: Tycoon paid inducements to promote ‘Geneva of Asia' project in Macau, FT, July 28, 2017
Chairman of Macau Real Estate Development Company Sentenced to Prison for Role in Scheme to Bribe United Nations Ambassadors to Build A Multi-Billion Dollar Conference Center, The United States Department of Justice, May 11, 2018
U.N. Team Had Cleared Group at Center of Bribery Case: Officials met in April with Ng Lap Seng, didn't detect any problems
1948 births
Living people
Billionaires from Guangdong
Macau billionaires
Macau businesspeople
Businesspeople from Guangdong
Chinese company founders
Chinese real estate businesspeople
Members of the 9th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
People named in the Panama Papers
Chinese billionaires
Locicortolone (developmental code name RU-24476), or locicortone, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Primary alcohols
Organochlorides
Diketones
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Sandwich Bay is a long sweeping inlet of the sea between Ramsgate and Deal, on the east coast of Kent, England. The coastal area consists of sand flats with their associated salt marshes and coastal sand dunes. The Sandwich Flats stretch for about five miles (8 km) along the coast. The coastal habitats are of high ecological importance.
Most of the bay bears national and international nature conservation designations. These include the Sandwich Bay to Hacklinge Marshes Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), the Sandwich Bay Special Area of Conservation (SAC), the Thanet Coast and Sandwich Bay Special Protection Area for birds (SPA), and the Thanet Coast and Sandwich Bay Ramsar Site. The southern emerald damselfly (Lestes barbarus) was found here in 2003, only the second site in Great Britain at which this vagrant species had occurred. There are several Geological Conservation Review sites within the SSSI. The bay is also home to the Sandwich Bay Bird Observatory Trust and the Monk's Wall nature reserve.
The sand dunes at the top of the beach give way to the private road leading through Sandwich Bay estate. There is a 24-hour toll on this road for non-resident motorists of £7.00 per car or £4.00 per motorcycle (2020) but cyclists and pedestrians pass for free. Charges apply 24 hours a day and you buy a ticket at the toll house, or online via the Sandwich Bay website when the toll house is closed. The bay closes to visitors half an hour after sun set and re-opens half an hour before sunrise. However, night fishing is allowed if a ticket is bought in advance. Security patrol the estate and seafront 24 hours a day. The road itself runs along on the top of a concealed sea wall separating the beach from the golf courses which back onto it. Via the toll road the beach is only 3–5 minutes from the historic Cinque port town of Sandwich. There are also scenic footpaths leading from the quay in Sandwich, along the river and over the golf course on the dunes to the bay, which can take anything from 30 minutes to 1 hour to walk. Cycling over this route is not advisable due to the length of the path situated upon the dunes and golf-course, but the road route takes only 10 minutes by bicycle.
The beach at Sandwich Bay is largely shingle, and relatively steep in profile at points along its width, but the receding tide reveals some areas of sand. Towards the northern end of the beach Sandwich Bay is separated from the Isle of Thanet by the River Stour estuary, where the Pegwell Bay nature reserve and salt marsh can be found. The only facilities on the beach are a small toilet block and areas at the edges of the dunes for parking. Sandwich bay also has a sea wall, which has a road built on top to stop the waves from reaching the low-lying land behind. Every spring, beach replenishment is carried out, taking materials from the north of the bay, which has travelled up due to long shore drift, and is piled up against this wall to prevent any damage that may be caused by the waves.
The northernmost end of the beach is frequently used as an unofficial naturist beach.
References
Bays of Kent
Beaches of Kent
Bird observatories in England
Nature Conservation Review sites
Populated coastal places in Kent
Ramsar sites in England
Special Areas of Conservation in England
Victor Édouard Milliard (19 December 1844 – 9 May 1921) was a French politician who was Minister of Justice for a few months in 1897–98.
Early career (1844–90)
Victor Édouard Milliard was born on 19 December 1844 in les Andelys, Eure.
Their father was an advocate in les Andelys.
They became a lawyer.
They were secretary of the Paris Bar Conference in 1867–1868.
They acted as secretary of Jules Favre (1809–80).
They ran unsuccessfully for election to the National Assembly on 8 February 1871 as Republican candidate for the department of Eure, and failed again in the election of 14 October 1877.
They were elected deputy for the Eure on 14 October 1887 in a by-election.
They sat with the Left.
They failed to be reelected in 1889.
Senator (1890–1921)
Milliard ran for the Senate in a by-election and was elected on 13 April 1890.
They took a moderate Republican position.
In 1891 they declared that the liberty of the press must be accompanied by a law against defamation.
Without giving up their Senate seat, they ran for election as a deputy in 1893 but failed.
They were reelected to the Senate on 7 January 1894.
In April 1895 they were elected president of the general council of the Eure.
In the Senate Milliard joined the group of the Republican Left and Republican Union.
They were Minister of Justice in the cabinet of Jules Méline from 2 December 1897 to 28 June 1898.
As Minister they were primarily concerned with maintaining order.
They were firmly opposed to reviewing the trial of Alfred Dreyfus, but also authorized the preventative arrest of the antisemitic agitator Max Régis in Algiers.
In 1899 they were Méline's lieutenant as head of the Alliance of Progressive Republicans.
They retained their Senate seat in the elections of 1903, 1912 and 1921.
Milliard died on 9 May 1921 in Paris aged 76.
Notes
Sources
1844 births
1921 deaths
People from Les Andelys
Politicians from Normandy
Progressive Republicans (France)
French Ministers of Justice and Religious Affairs
Members of the 4th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French Senators of the Third Republic
Senators of Eure
13 jours en France is a documentary about the 1968 Winter Olympic Games in Grenoble.
Details
Directors: Claude Lelouch and François Reichenbach
Music : Francis Lai
Awards
Official selection of the Cannes Film Festival 1968—but the screening was cancelled due to the May 1968 events, and the film did not premiere in France until December.
References
External links
1968 films
Films directed by Claude Lelouch
Documentary films about the Olympics
1960s sports films
Films about the 1968 Winter Olympics
French sports films
1960s French films
Nemacerota cinerea is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Warren in 1888. It is found in India (Himachal Pradesh).
The wingspan is about 40 mm. The forewings are dull grey, with a slight pink tinge and rather sparsely scaled. There are two or three short black dashes from the base. Before and beyond the middle is a double black transverse line, the former forms an angle on the median vein pointing towards the base of the wing, the latter an angle pointing outwards. The part above the angle forms a single curve which is concave outwards. The part below the angle forms a double curve. There is an indistinct pale submarginal line and the veins are varied with black and white. The hindwings are pale dull grey with a rounded margin.
References
Moths described in 1888
Thyatirinae
is a freelance Japanese voice actor previously affiliated with Mausu Promotion. They were born in Osaka Prefecture and raised in Adachi, Tokyo.
Filmography
Television animation
2000s
Hand Maid May (Mika, Miyuki Zin, Woman)
Go! Go! Itsutsugo Land (Karin)
Super GALS! (Girl)
Star Ocean EX (Cecil)
Hanaukyo Maid Team (Ringo)
Aquarian Age: Sign for Evolution (EGO Girl)
Secret of Cerulean Sand (Jane Buxton)
Inuyasha (Girl)
Wolf's Rain (Girl)
Kimi ga Nozomu Eien (Female Salesperson)
Chrono Crusade (Nelly, Sister Mary)
Mermaid Melody: Pichi Pichi Pitch (Caren, Meru)
R.O.D -The TV- (Newscaster)
Gilgamesh (Quinque)
Naruto (Naruto Uzumaki's Sexy Technique)
Sasami: Magical Girls Club (Ryo-Ohki)
Night Wizard The Animation (Akari Himuro, Anzelotte)
2010s
Princess Jellyfish (Emcee)
Naruto Shippuden (Naruto Uzumaki's Sexy Technique)
Aokana: Four Rhythm Across the Blue (Arika Okoze)
OVA
Fushigi Yūgi Eikoden (Saori Kawai)
To Heart 2 (Waitress of Mystery)
Video games
Aokana: Four Rhythm Across the Blue (Arika Okoze)
Atelier Annie: Alchemists of Sera Island (Fitz Erberlin)
Bloody Roar 4 (Mana the Ninetails)
Boktai series (Lita, Carmilla)
Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex (Coco Bandicoot)
Crash Nitro Kart (Coco Bandicoot)
Crash Twinsanity (Coco Bandicoot)
Di Gi Charat Fantasy (Hinagiku)
Galaxy Angel series (Almo)
Shinobido: Way of the Ninja (Princess)
Lunar Knights (Carmilla)
Way of the Samurai (Suzu)
Princess Maker 5 (Michiru Kobayakawa)
Drama CDs
Mix Mix Chocolate (Schoolgirl 1)
Dubbing roles
Live-action
H2O: Just Add Water (Charlotte Watsford)
ER Season 12, Episode 252 (Sidney)
Animation
Codename: Kids Next Door (Numbuh 3)
Invader Zim (Tak)
Little Robots (Rusty)
References
External links
Ema Kogure at Ryu's Seiyuu Info
1976 births
Living people
Japanese video game actores
Japanese voice actores
Mausu Promotion voice actors
Voice actores from Osaka Prefecture
Voice actores from Tokyo
People from Adachi, Tokyo
20th-century Japanese actores
21st-century Japanese actores
Thomas Allin, known as Tom Allin (5 April 1862 – Unknown) was a professional footballer who played for Notts County in their first season in the Football League. The English National Football Archive state that Tom Allin died in 1945. The BMD database for England & Wales records an Tom Allin passing away in 1945 in Devon but they were aged 79, too young for a man born in April 1862. Assuming that the footballer Allin was born in Boston, Lincolnshire in 1862 then there is no record of their death in England & Wales according to BMD database.
Playing career
Tom Allin was signed by Boston Football Club in 1887 although 'Garth Dykes' states they came to Notts County from Accrington. As Allin was a Boston man it is more likely that they played for Boston. There is no clear record of when they signed for Notts County but, at the latest, it would have been 1888.
Season 1888–1889
Tom Allin was given a run out leading the Notts County attack during the first League season, a term when no player emerged as the undisputed centre–forward. Tom Allin, playing at centre–forward, made their League and Notts County debut on 6 October 1888 at Trent Bridge, the then home of Notts County. The visitors were Blackburn Rovers and the match ended as a 3–3 draw. Allin scored their debut League goals on 20 October 1888 at Stoney Lane, the then home of West Bromwich Albion. All the goals were scored in the first–half. Allin' first levelled the scores at 1–1. Their second, reduced West Bromwich Albion' lead to 4–2, and that was the final score. Allin appeared in six of the 22 League matches played by Notts County in season 1888–89 and scored two League goals. Allin played at centre–forward (six appearances) in a Notts County forward–line that scored three–League–goals–or–more on three separate occasions.
1889 onwards
In the following season, 1889-90 Football League the signing of the Scottish international Jimmy Oswald from Third Lanark proved to be an unqualified success, as the luxuriantly mustachioed attack leader topped the scoring lists in their first three seasons with the club so there was no place for Tom Allin. It appears that Allin left Notts County in 1889. Their passing away has not been recorded.
References
1862 births
People from Boston, Lincolnshire
English footballers
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Year of death unknown
Dorcadion subinterruptum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1900. It is known from Turkey.
Varietas
Dorcadion subinterruptum var. exiguum Breuning, 1946
Dorcadion subinterruptum var. indivisum Pic, 1900
Dorcadion subinterruptum var. interruptevittatum Breuning, 1946
Dorcadion subinterruptum var. posticeconjunctum Breuning, 1946
References
subinterruptum
Beetles described in 1900
Bang Bang You're Dead is a 2002 American drama thriller film directed by Guy Ferland and written by William Mastrosimone. It stars Tom Cavanagh, Ben Foster, Randy Harrison, and Janel Moloney. Based on Mastrosimone's 1999 play of the same name, the film is not a direct adaptation; it follows a troubled high school student played by Foster who participates in their school's production of the play while attempting to avoid going down the same path as the play's lead character.
The film premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival in June 2002.
Plot
16-year-old Trevor Adams (Ben Foster) attends an American high school where they are one of the outcasts harassed and humiliated by the school's jocks. They made a false threat to bomb the school a few months ago, narrowly escaping expulsion. Since then, Trevor has been trying to fit back in to normal high school life. They joined a theater group and has been chosen to star in a school play about school shootings called Bang Bang You're Dead as the main character, Josh. After parents and the community hear of the play and its lead actor, they call for it to be canceled.
But Trevor's theater activity, alone, is not sufficient to let off the steam of their boiling resentment. Using their video camera, they have been documenting bullying at school, creating a "diary of violence".
Trevor and their friends Sean, Mark and Kurt, make plans to storm the school with guns and kill as many of the hated athletes as possible. Trevor meets Jenny, also 16, who stays by them and stands up for him. Through her, Trevor begins to doubt whether the act they plan is right.
In the end, they are the only one to realize that bloodshed only fuels more violence and hatred, and evacuates the school with their art teacher, Mr. Duncan (Tom Cavanagh). At the last minute, Trevor prevents bloodshed by overwhelming Kurt, Sean and Mark.
The film ends with the play premiering successfully, despite the initial protests of the students' parents.
Cast
Tom Cavanagh as Mr. Val Duncan
Ben Foster as Trevor Adams
Randy Harrison as Sean
Janel Moloney as Ellie Milford
Jane McGregor as Jenny Dahlquist
David Paetkau as Brad Larkin
Garry Chalk as Chief Bud McGee
Eric Johnson as Mark Kentworth
Kristian Ayre as Kurt
Brent Glenen as Zach
Gillian Barber as Principal Meyer
Eric Keenleyside as Bob Adams
Glynis Davies as Karen Adams
Fred Henderson as Dan Dahlquist
P. Lynn Johnson as Tanya Dahlquist
Richard de Klerk as Jessie
Steven Grayhm as Michael
Mark Holden as Officer Willow
Promotion
The song "Runaway Train" by post-grunge band Oleander was featured in the film. A music video for the song was then shot and incorporated footage from the movie. On November 19, 2002 the band released their Runaway Train EP. The film was released on DVD on January 27, 2004 without any special features.
Awards
References
External links
2002 television films
2002 films
2000s teen drama films
American teen drama films
Works about the Columbine High School massacre
Films directed by Guy Ferland
Films about school violence
American films based on plays
Films shot in Vancouver
Films about bullying
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
Films scored by Reinhold Heil
Films scored by Johnny Klimek
American drama television films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
In early August 1972, the President of Uganda, Idi Amin, ordered the racist expulsion of their country's Asian minority, giving them 90 days to leave the country. At the time of the expulsion, there were about 80,000 individuals of Indian descent in Uganda, of whom 23,000 had their applications for citizenship both processed and accepted. The expulsion took place against the backdrop of Anti-Indian sentiment in Uganda, with Amin accusing a minority of the Asians of disloyalty, nonintegration, and commercial malpractice, claims that Indian leaders disputed. Amin defended the expulsion by arguing that they were "giving Uganda back to ethnic Ugandans".
Many of those who were expelled were citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies and 27,200 emigrated to the United Kingdom. Of the other refugees who were accounted for, 6,000 went to Canada, 4,500 refugees ended up in India and 2,500 went to nearby Kenya or to Pakistan. In total, some 5,655 firms, ranches, farms, and agricultural estates were expropriated, along with cars, homes and other household goods.
Background
The presence of South Asians in Uganda was the result of deliberate choices by the British administration (1894–1962). They were brought to the Uganda Protectorate by the British to "serve as a buffer between Europeans and Africans in the middle rungs of commerce and administration". In addition, in the 1890s, 32,000 labourers from British India were brought to Southeast Africa under indentured labour contracts to work on the construction of the Uganda Railway. Most of the surviving Indians returned home, but 6,724 individuals decided to remain in the African Great Lakes after the line's completion. At the time of the expulsion, there were approximately 80,000 individuals of South Asian descent in Uganda, of whom 23,000 had had their applications for citizenship both processed and accepted. A further 50,000 were British passport holders, though Amin themselves used the apparently exaggerated figure of 80,000 British passport holders in their initial expulsion speech.
The British had invested in the education of the Asian minority, in preference to that of indigenous Ugandans. By the early 1970s, many Indians in Southeast Africa and Uganda were employed in the sartorial and banking businesses and Indophobia was already engrained by the start of Amin's rule in February 1971. While not all Ugandan Asians were well off, they were on average better off than the indigenous communities, constituting 1% of the population while earning a fifth of the national income. Indians were stereotyped as "merely traders" and labelled as "dukawallas" (an occupational term that degenerated into an anti-Indian slur during Amin's time), who tried to cheat unsuspecting purchasers and looked out only for their own families. Racial segregation was institutionalised. Gated ethnic communities served elite healthcare and schooling services. Additionally, the tariff system in Uganda had historically been oriented toward the economic interests of South Asian traders.
Milton Obote's government had pursued a policy of "Africanisation" which included policies targeted at Ugandan Asians. The 1968 Committee on the "Africanisation in Commerce and Industry", for example, had made far-reaching Indophobic proposals and a system of work permits and trade licenses was introduced in 1969 to restrict the role of non-citizen Indians in economic and professional activities. Nevertheless, Amin's policies represented a significant acceleration. In August 1971, Amin announced a review of the citizenship status awarded to Uganda's Asian community, followed by the declaration of a census of Uganda's Asian population in October that year. In order to resolve the "misunderstandings" regarding the role of Uganda's Asian minority in society, they then convened an Indian 'conference' for 7–8 December. In a memorandum presented on the second day of the conference, they set out their hope that "the wide gap" between Ugandan Asians and Africans would narrow. While paying tribute to Indians' contribution to the economy and the professions, they accused a minority of the Asian population of disloyalty, non-integration and commercial malpractice, claims Indian leaders disputed. On the vexed question of citizenship, they said their government would recognise citizenship rights already granted, but all outstanding applications for citizenship (which by this point were thought to number more than 12,000) would be cancelled.
This expulsion of an ethnic minority was not the first in Uganda's history as the country's Kenyan minority, numbering approximately 30,000, had been expelled in 1969–70.
The expulsion
On 4 August 1972, Amin declared that Britain would need to take on the responsibility for caring for British subjects who were of Asian origin, accusing them of "sabotaging Uganda's economy and encouraging corruption". The deadline for British subjects to leave was confirmed as three months, which came to mean 8 November. On 9 August, the policy was expanded to include citizens of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. The position of the 23,000 Asians who had been granted Ugandan citizenship (and in particular those who held no other citizenship) was less clear. Not originally included, on 19 August, they were seemingly added to the list, before being re-exempted three days later following international protest. Many chose to leave rather than endure further intimidation, with only 4,000 knowns to have stayed. Exemptions for certain professions were added, then later removed.
The precise motivation for the expulsion remains unclear. Some of their former supporters suggest that it followed a dream in which, they claimed, Allah had told them to expel them, as well as plot vengeance against the British government for refusing to provide them with arms to invade Tanzania. Although it is not confirmed, there was a rumour circulating around the Ugandan Asians that Amin fell in love with a married Indian woman. Them family sent them away to India to get away from them and this made Amin so angry that they wanted to expel every Indian from the country in retaliation. Amin defended the expulsion by arguing that they were giving Uganda back to the ethnic Ugandans:
The expulsion and redistribution of property were officially termed "Operation Mafuta Mingi". Ugandan soldiers during this period engaged in theft and physical and sexual violence against the Asians with impunity. Restrictions were imposed on the sale or transfer of private businesses by Ugandan Asians and on 16 August Amin made it clear that after they were done with Indian-owned business, European-owned businesses would be next.
Impact
Amin's decrees drew immediate worldwide condemnation, including from India. The Indian government warned Uganda of dire consequences, but took no action when Amin's government ignored the ultimatum. Initially, India maintained diplomatic ties with Uganda but later severed diplomatic relations with Amin's regime. The United Kingdom froze a £10.4 million loan which had been arranged the previous year; Amin simply ignored this. Journalists Tony Avirgan and Martha Honey described the expulsion as "the most explicitly racist policy ever adopted in black Africa."
Many of the Indians were citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies and 27,200 refugees subsequently emigrated to the United Kingdom. Of the other refugees who were accounted for, 6,000 went to Canada, 4,500 ended up in India and 2,500 went to nearby Kenya. Malawi, Pakistan, West Germany and the United States took 1,000 refugees each, with smaller numbers emigrating to Australia, Austria, Sweden, Norway, Mauritius and New Zealand. About 20,000 refugees were unaccounted for. Only a few hundred remained behind.
Reluctant to expand its newly introduced immigration quota, the British government had sought agreement from some of its remaining overseas territories (including Bermuda, the Virgin Islands, British Honduras, Hong Kong, Seychelles and the Solomon Islands) to resettle them; however, only the Falkland Islands responded positively. Kenya and Tanzania similarly closed their borders with Uganda to prevent an influx of refugees.
Some of those expelled were Nizari Ismaili Muslims. The Aga Khan IV, the Imam of Nizari Ismailis phoned their acquaintance Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. Trudeau's government agreed to allow thousands of Nizari Ismailis to emigrate to Canada. The exodus of Ugandan Asians took on a new level of urgency in the September following a telegram from Amin to the UN Secretary General Kurt Waldheim, in which it appeared that Amin was sympathetic to Hitler's treatment of Jews and an airlift was organised. The UN dispatched the Executive Secretary of the Economic Commission for Africa, Robert K. A. Gardiner, who attempted in vain to convince Amin to reverse their decision.
Before the expulsion, Asians owned many large businesses in Uganda but the purge of Asians from Uganda's economy was virtually total. A military committee was made responsible for the reallocation of the confiscated property, though Amin also personally redirected some material. In total, some 5,655 firms, ranches, farms, and agricultural estates were reallocated, along with cars, homes and other household goods. For political reasons, most (5,443) were reallocated to individuals, with 176 going to government bodies, 33 being reallocated to semi-state organisations and 2 going to charities. Possibly the biggest winner was the state-owned Uganda Development Corporation, which gained control over some of the largest enterprises, though both the rapid nature of the growth and the sudden lack of experienced technicians and managers proved a challenge for the corporation, resulting in a restructuring of the sector in 1974–75. Though some of the property fell into the hands of Uganda's traditional business people, most of the direct beneficiaries were soldiers and government officials. While the expulsion was initially popular in Uganda, mismanagement of the resources resulted in economic difficulties. By the time Amin's regime collapsed in 1979, it was rumoured that there were no more than 50 Asians in Uganda.
Return
Thousands of Indians returned to Uganda starting in 1986 when Yoweri Museveni assumed power. Museveni criticized Amin's policies and invited the Indians to return. According to Museveni, "Gujaratis have played a lead role in Uganda's social and industrial development. I knew that this community can do wonders for my country and they have been doing it for last many decades." The Indians resurfacing in Uganda have helped rebuild the economy of Uganda, and are financially well settled.
In popular culture
1976: Bollywood movie Charas has a pilot plot about the expulsion of Indians from Uganda.
1981: Sharad Patel's film Rise and Fall of Idi Amin portrays the actual events leading to the expulsion of Ugandan Asians to other countries.
1991: Mira Nair's film Mississippi Masala portrays the story of an Indian family which flees Uganda during the turmoil and settles in Mississippi.
1998: The expulsion was portrayed in the novel The Last King of Scotland and the subsequent 2006 film of the book.
2001: The Feast of the Nine Virgins, published by Bogle L'Ouverture, London was a satirical novel about the Uganda Expulsion by a former expellee, Jameela Siddiqi
2006: Bombay Gardens, a second novel by Jameela Siddiqi focusing on the Uganda Expulsion
2006: The aftermath of the exile provides the backdrop for episode 2.6 of Life on Mars.
2008: It is the main focus of the young adult novel Child of Dandelions by Shenaaz Nanji, which was a finalist for Canada's Governor General's Award.
2012: The memoir Shattered Lives: Sitting on Fire by Azim P H Somani, which was the main feature of the ITV Documentary marking the 40th anniversary.
2020: Tanmay Srivastava's short documentary '90 Days To Leave' talks about the history of the Asians in Uganda, the expulsion and the hardships they faced in the aftermath.
See also
Non-resident Indian
Indian diaspora in Southeast Africa
Notes
Bibliography
1972 in Uganda
Anti-immigration politics in Africa
Anti-Indian racism in Africa
Asian diaspora in Uganda
Ethnic cleansing in Africa
Forced migration
History of Uganda
Persecution
Political history of Uganda
Xenophobia in Africa
Indian diaspora in Africa
Pakistan–Uganda relations
The Székelys of Bukovina are a small Hungarian ethnic community with a complex history. They live today in the Tolna and Baranya counties of Hungary, in Hunedoara County in Romania and in the Serbian province of Vojvodina.
Origins
Some Székely groups migrated from Transylvania to the province of Bukovina in the second half of the 18th century and established new villages, where they retained their distinctive culture and folk traditions into the 20th century. The migration was a reaction to the organization by the Habsburg monarchy of the Székely Frontier Zone, which jeopardized certain of the Székelys' ancient privileges and rights. The Székelys protested specifically against the forced military conscription at a gathering at Madéfalva (today Siculeni), which was forcibly dispersed by the Austrian General Josef Siskovics on 7 January 1764, in what came to be known as the Siculicidium or Massacre of the Székelys. More than 400 Székelys died. Thereafter about 1,000 Székelys migrated to Bukovina, then part of Moldavia and still under the suzerainty of the Ottoman Empire.
The occupation of northern Bukovina by Austria in 1774 brought a further wave of Székely immigration: another 100 families settled in the still sparsely populated territory in 1776, followed by a further 200 in 1784 and 1786, with assistance from Emperor Joseph II of Austria and Count András Hadik, governor of Transylvania. The new Bukovina Székely villages were named Istensegíts ("God help us", now Ţibeni), Fogadjisten ("God, welcome us!", now ), Józseffalva (now Vornicenii Mari), Hadikfalva (now Dornești) and Andrásfalva (now Măneuţi).
Cultural tradition
The Székelys of Bukovina maintained an archaic Hungarian folklore because of their isolation.
Language
Overpopulation
The population of the Bukovina Székelys tripled during the 19th century, reaching 9,887 in 1880 and about 16,000 by the end of the 1930s. This caused an acute shortage of farmland and a sharp fall in standards of living. Many Bukovina Székelys left the villages temporarily or permanently, some with official assistance. The Hungarian government settled 4,000 of these impoverished Székelys along the Lower Danube in the new villages of Hertelendyfalva, Sándoregyháza and Székelykeve in 1883, in a part of the Banat that was annexed by Yugoslavia in 1918 (nowadays belonging to Serbia). Other Székely families emigrated in that period to Canada, USA, Brazil, or cities in southern Transylvania.
Resettlements
Bukovina became part of Romania under the 1920 Treaty of Trianon, and the impoverished Székelys soon found themselves oppressed culturally as well as economically, with no teaching in or of Hungarian in their schools. There was a general expectation of assistance from the "mother country" and increasing urgency after the Second Vienna Award of 1940 had caused widespread anti-Hungarian feeling in Bukovina. Hungary's 1941 invasion of Bačka (Bácska) in northwestern Vojvodina was followed quickly by the expulsion of postwar Serbian settlers and other measures of forced Magyarization, including resettlement of the Bukovina Székelys to the region. The whole community of 13,200 people left Romania under a treaty concluded between Hungary and Romania, by which the Bukovina Székelys lost their Romanian citizenship and almost all their possessions, receiving the confiscated possessions of displaced Serbs in Bačka and some charitable assistance in exchange. They were not resettled in their original village communities as they had expected, but spread about in small groups among 14 villages and hamlets. Those from Andrásfalva, for example, belonged to the Reformed Church, while the others were Roman Catholics.
The resettlement was short-lived. The tide of war turned and Hungary hurriedly evacuated Bačka on 8 October 1944. Most of the Bukovina Székelys managed to flee to Transdanubia before the vengeful Yugoslav partisan forces arrived, but again, they lost all of their property. Most were resettled in 1945–46 in the homes of expelled Germans (Danube Swabians) in villages in the Völgység district of Tolna and adjacent counties. Tensions between them and the residual German population have eased over the decades. The Székelys of Tolna remain proud of their history and folk customs.
See also
Székelys
Bukovina
Székelykeve
References
Sources
Andrásfalvy Bertalan: A bukovinai székelyek kultúrájáról (The culture of the Bukovina Székelys). In: Népi kultúra népi társadalom (Folk culture, folk society). A MTA Néprajzi Kutató Csoportjának yearbook, ed. Gyula Ortutay (Budapest: Akadémiai Kiadó, 1973), pp. 7–23.
Enikő A. Sajti: Hungarians in the Voivodina 1918–1947 (Boulder, CO/Highland Lakes, NJ: Social Science Monographs/Atlantic Research and Publications, 2003), pp. 250–297 passim.
Sebestyén Ádám: A bukovinai andrásfalvi székelyek élete és története Madéfalvától napjainkig (Life and history of the Bukovina Székelys of Andrásfalva from Madéfalva to the present day) (Szekszárd: Tolna Megyei Tanács VB. Művelődésügyi Osztálya, 1972).
Sebestyén Ádám: A bukovinai székelység tegnap és ma (The Bukovina Székelys past and present). Szekszárd: Tolna Megyei Könyvtár, 1989.
Bukovina
Ethnic groups in Hungary
Ethnic groups in Serbia
Ethnic groups in Vojvodina
Ethnic groups in Romania
Hungarian minorities in Europe
Bukovina
Keys Glacier () is a glacier flowing northeast from Jenkins Heights between Ellis Ridge and Mount Bray on the Bakutis Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Surveyfrom surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1959–67, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1977 after Keith W. Keys, U.S. Navy, an air controller at Williams Field, McMurdo Sound, 1975–76.
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
In number theory, Waring's problem asks whether each natural number k has an associated positive integer s such that every natural number is the sum of at most s natural numbers raised to the power k. For example, every natural number is the sum of at most 4 squares, 9 cubes, or 19 fourth powers. Waring's problem was proposed in 1770 by Edward Waring, after whom it is named. Its affirmative answer, known as the Hilbert–Waring theorem, was provided by Hilbert in 1909. Waring's problem has its own Mathematics Subject Classification, 11P05, "Waring's problem and variants".
Relationship with Lagrange's four-square theorem
Long before Waring posed their problem, Diophantus had asked whether every positive integer could be represented as the sum of four perfect squares greater than or equal to zero. This question later became known as Bachet's conjecture, after the 1621 translation of Diophantus by Claude Gaspard Bachet de Méziriac, and it was solved by Joseph-Louis Lagrange in their four-square theorem in 1770, the same year Waring made their conjecture. Waring sought to generalize this problem by trying to represent all positive integers as the sum of cubes, integers to the fourth power, and so forth, to show that any positive integer may be represented as the sum of other integers raised to a specific exponent, and that there was always a maximum number of integers raised to a certain exponent required to represent all positive integers in this way.
The number g(k)
For every , let denote the minimum number of th powers of naturals needed to represent all positive integers. Every positive integer is the sum of one first power, itself, so . Some simple computations show that 7 requires 4 squares, 23 requires 9 cubes, and 79 requires 19 fourth powers; these examples show that , , and . Waring conjectured that these lower bounds were in fact exact values.
Lagrange's four-square theorem of 1770 states that every natural number is the sum of at most four squares. Since three squares are not enough, this theorem establishes . Lagrange's four-square theorem was conjectured in Bachet's 1621 edition of Diophantus's Arithmetica; Fermat claimed to have a proof, but did not publish it.
Over the years various bounds were established, using increasingly sophisticated and complex proof techniques. For example, Liouville showed that is at most 53. Hardy and Littlewood showed that all sufficiently large numbers are the sum of at most 19 fourth powers.
That was established from 1909 to 1912 by Wieferich and A. J. Kempner, in 1986 by R. Balasubramanian, F. Dress, and J.-M. Deshouillers, in 1964 by Chen Jingrun, and in 1940 by Pillai.
Let and respectively denote the integral and fractional part of a positive real number . Given the number , only and can be used to represent ; the most economical representation requires
terms of and terms of . It follows that is at least as large as . This was noted by J. A. Euler, the son of Leonhard Euler, in about 1772. Later work by Dickson, Pillai, Rubugunday, Niven and many others has proved that
No value of is known for which . Mahler proved that there can only be a finite number of such , and Kubina and Wunderlich have shown that any such must satisfy . Thus it is conjectured that this never happens, that is, for every positive integer .
The first few values of are:
1, 4, 9, 19, 37, 73, 143, 279, 548, 1079, 2132, 4223, 8384, 16673, 33203, 66190, 132055, 263619, 526502, 1051899, ... .
The number G(k)
From the work of Hardy and Littlewood, the related quantity G(k) was studied with g(k). G(k) is defined to be the least positive integer s such that every sufficiently large integer (i.e. every integer greater than some constant) can be represented as a sum of at most s positive integers to the power of k. Clearly, G(1) = 1. Since squares are congruent to 0, 1, or 4 (mod 8), no integer congruent to 7 (mod 8) can be represented as a sum of three squares, implying that . Since for all k, this shows that . Davenport showed that in 1939, by demonstrating that any sufficiently large number congruent to 1 through 14 mod 16 could be written as a sum of 14 fourth powers (Vaughan in 1985 and 1989 reduced the 14 successively to 13 and 12). The exact value of G(k) is unknown for any other k, but there exist bounds.
Lower bounds for G(k)
The number G(k) is greater than or equal to
{|
| 2r+2 || if k = 2r with r ≥ 2, or k = 3 × 2r;
|-
| pr+1 || if p is a prime greater than 2 and k = pr(p − 1);
|-
| (pr+1 − 1)/2 || if p is a prime greater than 2 and k = pr(p − 1)/2;
|-
| k + 1 || for all integers k greater than 1.
|}
In the absence of congruence restrictions, a density argument suggests that G(k) should equal .
Upper bounds for G(k)
G(3) is at least 4 (since cubes are congruent to 0, 1 or −1 mod 9); for numbers less than 1.3, is the last to require 6 cubes, and the number of numbers between N and 2N requiring 5 cubes drops off with increasing N at sufficient speed to have people believe that ; the largest number now known not to be a sum of 4 cubes is , and the authors give reasonable arguments there that this may be the largest possible. The upper bound is due to Linnik in 1943. (All nonnegative integers require at most 9 cubes, and the largest integers requiring 9, 8, 7, 6 and 5 cubes are conjectured to be 239, 454, 8042, and , respectively.)
is the largest number to require 17 fourth powers (Deshouillers, Hennecart and Landreau showed in 2000 that every number between and 10245 required at most 16, and Kawada, Wooley and Deshouillers extended Davenport's 1939 result to show that every number above 10220 required no more than 16). Numbers of the form 31·16n always require 16 fourth powers.
is the last number less than 1.3 that requires 10 fifth powers, and is the last number less than 1.3 that requires 11.
The upper bounds on the right with are due to Vaughan and Wooley.
Using their improved Hardy-Littlewood method, I. M. Vinogradov published numerous refinements leading to
in 1947 and, ultimately,
for an unspecified constant C and sufficiently large k in 1959.
Applying their p-adic form of the Hardy–Littlewood–Ramanujan–Vinogradov method to estimating trigonometric sums, in which the summation is taken over numbers with small prime divisors, Anatolii Alexeevitch Karatsuba obtained (1985) a new estimate of the Hardy function (for ):
Further refinements were obtained by Vaughan in 1989.
Wooley then established that for some constant C,
Vaughan and Wooley have written a comprehensive survey article.
See also
Fermat polygonal number theorem, that every positive integer is a sum of at most n of the n-gonal numbers
Waring–Goldbach problem, the problem of representing numbers as sums of powers of primes
Subset sum problem, an algorithmic problem that can be used to find the shortest representation of a given number as a sum of powers
Sums of three cubes, discusses what numbers are the sum of three not necessarily positive cubes
Sums of four cubes problem, discusses whether every rational integer is the sum of four cubes of rational integers
Notes
References
G. I. Arkhipov, V. N. Chubarikov, A. A. Karatsuba, "Trigonometric sums in number theory and analysis". Berlin–New-York: Walter de Gruyter, (2004).
G. I. Arkhipov, A. A. Karatsuba, V. N. Chubarikov, "Theory of multiple trigonometric sums". Moscow: Nauka, (1987).
Yu. V. Linnik, "An elementary solution of the problem of Waring by Schnirelman's method". Mat. Sb., N. Ser. 12 (54), 225–230 (1943).
R. C. Vaughan, "A new iterative method in Waring's problem". Acta Mathematica (162), 1–71 (1989).
I. M. Vinogradov, "The method of trigonometrical sums in the theory of numbers". Trav. Inst. Math. Stekloff (23), 109 pp. (1947).
I. M. Vinogradov, "On an upper bound for G(n)". Izv. Akad. Nauk SSSR Ser. Mat. (23), 637–642 (1959).
I. M. Vinogradov, A. A. Karatsuba, "The method of trigonometric sums in number theory", Proc. Steklov Inst. Math., 168, 3–30 (1986); translation from Trudy Mat. Inst. Steklova, 168, 4–30 (1984).
Survey, contains the precise formula for G(k), a simplified version of Hilbert's proof and a wealth of references.
Has an elementary proof of the existence of G(k) using Schnirelmann density.
Has proofs of Lagrange's theorem, the polygonal number theorem, Hilbert's proof of Waring's conjecture and the Hardy–Littlewood proof of the asymptotic formula for the number of ways to represent N as the sum of s kth powers.
Hans Rademacher and Otto Toeplitz, The Enjoyment of Mathematics (1933) (). Has a proof of the Lagrange theorem, accessible to high-school students.
External links
Additive number theory
Mathematical problems
Unsolved problems in number theory
Squares in number theory
Nathaniel "Mack" Burton (born c. 1939 - May 16, 2017) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. They played college football at the San Jose State University. Burton was inducted into the San Jose State University Sports Hall of Fame. Burton was selected in the fifth round of the 1962 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears, but did not play in the league.
References
1930s births
BC Lions players
Players of Canadian football from San Francisco
San Jose State Spartans football players
2017 deaths
Players of American football from San Francisco
Eğerlialören, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Colossus of the North is a name for the United States typically used by those who view the country as oppressive to its southern neighbors. Popular Hispanic sentiment grew against this perceived Colossus in the early 20th century, particularly after American interference in Nicaragua and Panama for economic purposes.
The Mexican–American War and the subsequent Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, in which Mexico lost roughly half of its pre-war territory to the United States, was an event that alarmed Latin America in general. While the world was well aware of the United States' rapidly growing population and economy, it was unaware that the U.S. could win such a decisive and overwhelming military victory, especially given the nation's relatively small standing army.
Notably, Great Britain, the preeminent world power of the era, was relieved that it had chosen to settle the Oregon boundary dispute with the U.S. through diplomacy. Prior to the Mexican–American War, the U.S. president at the time, James K. Polk, had pressed for expansive American claims in the Oregon Country. In hindsight, it is clear that Polk's threat of war was hardly an exaggeration. During the course of the war, some of the more aggressive expansionists in Congress called for the U.S. to annex all of Mexico, which was within feasibility from a military standpoint but objectionable politically, primarily due to the unsettled question of slavery in the annexed territories. If war broke out with Great Britain and a decisive military breakthrough was achieved by the U.S. to a similar extent that occurred in the Mexican War, a movement to annex "all of Canada" could very well have been pursued.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt attempted to combat this negative perception of the U.S. by implementing their Good Neighbor policy toward Latin America, particularly Central America and the Caribbean.
Anti-Americanism
United States–Central American relations
United States–Caribbean relations
Nicknames
Brea () is a village in Cornwall, England, UK, between the towns of Camborne and Redruth. It is in the civil parish of Carn Brea and consists of Brea, Lower Brea, and Higher Brea. A small stream, the Red River, flows through the village and a hill, Carn Brea dominates the landscape to the east, along with its monument to Francis Basset.
References
Villages in Cornwall
Robin Heights () is a cluster of high rock summits between Hei Glacier and Kvitsvodene Valley in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. It was photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59), and was named for Gordon de Q. Robin, third in command and a physicist with the NBSAE.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Alexandr Yemelyanov (born January 1, 1984) is a Kazakhstani sprint canoeist. They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the Canoeing at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres race as part of the tenth-place Kazakhstan team.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Kazakhstani male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Kazakhstan
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 2002 Asian Games
Canoeists at the 2006 Asian Games
Canoeists at the 2010 Asian Games
Canoeists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
The Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan (Urdu: ڈپٹی چیئرمین سینیٹ) is the Deputy Chair of the Senate of Pakistan. According to the Constitution of Pakistan, the deputy chairperson is the presiding official when the chairperson is unavailable. The Senate must choose a chairperson and deputy chairperson for a time interval of three years. Saleem Mandviwalla has served as the deputy chairperson since 12 March 2018.
During the President's absence, the chairperson senate is empowered with the duties of the presidency; in rare events involving the absence of the chairperson, the presidential duties are usually held by Speaker National Assembly. The Chairman of the Senate is the second in the line of succession to the President of Pakistan, ahead of the Speaker National Assembly.
Role and responsibilities
The office of Deputy Chairman of the Senate is created by Article 60(1) of the Chapter 2 in Part III of the Constitution of Pakistan:
List of Deputy Chairman of the Senate
Abdull Malik Baloch (26 April 1977 – 4 July 1977)
Sajjad Hussain Qureshi (21 March 1985 – 29 December 1985)
Malik Muhammad Ali Khan (23 January 1986 – 20 March 1988)
Sayed Muhammad Fazal Agha (21 March 1988 – 20 March 1991)
Noor Jehan Panezai (21 March 1991 – 20 March 1994)
Mir Abdul Jabbar Khan (21 March 1994 – 20 March 1997)
Mir Humayun Khan Marri (21 March 1997 – 12 October 1999)
Khalilur Rehman (12 March 2003 – 15 March 2005)
Jan Mohammad Jamali (12- March 2006 – 11 March 2012)
Sabir Ali Baloch (12 March 2012 – 12 March 2015)
Abdul Ghafoor Haideri (12 March 2015 – 12 March 2018)
Saleem Mandviwalla (12 March 2018 - 12 March 2021)
Mirza Muhammad Afridi (12 March 2021 - Current Deputy chairperson of Senate)
See also
Parliament of Pakistan
References
Public domain sources
Senate of Pakistan
Senior legislators
Senate of Pakistan
Deputy chairpeople of the Senate of Pakistan
Cape Lamb () is a cape which forms the southwestern tip of Vega Island in the James Ross Island group, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskjold. It was resighted in 1945 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), and named after Ivan M. Lamb (1911–90), a botanist on the FIDS staff at Port Lockroy (1944), Hope Bay (1945), and the leader of a biological expedition to the Melchior Islands, 1964–65.
References
Headlands of the James Ross Island group
M-1975 may refer to:
2S4 Tyulpan, a Soviet self-propelled 240mm mortar
2S7 Pion, a Soviet self-propelled 203mm gun
M-1975, a North Korean self-propelled 130mm gun (Type 59-1) gun on a locally built chassis
See also
Model 1875 (disambiguation) -- M-1875
M75 (disambiguation)
1975 (disambiguation)
The Spanish Girl in Reverie is a 19th-century oil painting by Washington Allston. Done in oil on canvas, the painting depicts a young Spanish girl waiting the return of their lover from war. The painting is currently in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Description
Washington Allston painted The Spanish Girl in Reverie in 1831 after being inspired by a poem they wrote, titled The Spanish Maid. The painting portrays a young Spanish woman, "Sweet Inez", waiting for their lover Isidore to return from war. Inez is tentatively perched on an earth incline, the spot where they and Isidore were previously betrothed. The nature of their daydreaming is reflected in their face and body language; their emotions range shift between excitement, yearning, hope and fear as they wait for their lover to make an appearance. Though they are the clear focus of the painting, they are dwarfed by the mountains to their back, which add to the gravity of the scene and emulate the sense of distance between the two lovers. Them muted red dress starkly contrasts with the dull (described by the Metropolitan Museum of Art as "diaphanous") colors of the landscape, and the hard lines that make up their outline stand out from the softer lines of the mountains and trees. Allston also paid close attention to the foreground of the painting, where they rendered detailed depictions of soil and plants.
References
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
1831 paintings
Simon August, Count of Lippe (12 June 1727 – 1 May 1782), ruled the Principality of Lippe-Detmold from 1734 until 1782.
They were born in Detmold, the son of Simon Henry Adolph and Johanna Wilhelmine of Nassau-Idstein. Simon August ruled until 1747 under the guardianship of their mother. Under the influence of the Enlightenment, they issued a fiscal and social legislation and in 1749 they introduced, together with Adolf von Hillensberg, a budget in Lippe, so as to not spend money when no revenues were available. The Sparkasse Detmold and a fire insurance company are direct continuations of companies they founded. They acquired a salt mine at Bad Salzuflen and built a spa in Bad Meinberg. In 1775, they created a relief fund for the poor. A census in 1776 revealed that their country had inhabitants.
Marriages and Issue
In Kirchheimbolanden on 24 August 1750, Simon August married firstly with princess Polyxena Louise (Kirchheimbolanden, 27 January 1733 – Detmold, 27 September 1764), daughter of Charles August, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg. They had a daughter:
Wilhelmine Caroline (Kirchheimbolanden, 6 July 1751 – Kirchheimbolanden, 4 April 1753).
In Dessau on 28 September 1765 Simon August married secondly with princess Maria Leopoldine of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 18 November 1746 – Detmold, 15 April 1769). They had a son:
Frederick Wilhelm Leopold I (Detmold, 2 December 1767 – Detmold, 4 April 1802), Prince of Lippe.
In Dessau on 9 November 1769 Simon August married thirdly princess Casimire of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 19 January 1749 – Detmold, 8 November 1778), sister of their previous wife. They had a son:
Casimir August (Detmold, 9 October 1777 – Falkenberg bei Berlin, 27 May 1809).
In Braunfels Castle on 26 March 1780 Simon August married fourthly princess Christine of Solms-Braunfels (Braunfels, 30 August 1744 – Detmold, 16 December 1823). They had no children
After their death at Detmold in 1782, their son Leopold I took up government.
References
Lore Blanke: Simon August. In: Neue Deutsche Biographie (NDB). Band 24, Duncker & Humblot, Berlín 2010, , p. 425 f.
House of Lippe
Counts of Lippe
1727 births
1782 deaths
18th-century German people
People from Detmold
Craig Phadrig (Scottish Gaelic: Creag Phàdraig, meaning Rock of Patrick) is a forested hill on the western edge of Inverness, Scotland. A hill fort on the summit is generally supposed to have been the base of the Pictish king Bridei mac Maelchon (ruled circa 550–584). The hill rises to above sea level, and overlooks the Beauly Firth to the north and the mouth of the River Ness to the north-east. The hill is currently owned and managed by Forestry and Land Scotland.
Craig Phadrig fort
The summit of the hill is occupied by a vitrified fort; a stone structure affected by fire to produce a glass-like material. The inner wall of the fort defines an area around , and survives to a height of around . Beyond this is an outer wall and part of a third wall or hornwork to the east. Radiocarbon dates obtained in the 1970s suggest that the inner wall was constructed in the 4th century. Excavations at this time revealed evidence of Pictish occupation, including metal-working implements and French pottery, dating from the 7th century. The fort is a scheduled monument.
Bridei and Columba
Craig Phadrig is commonly assumed to have been the site where St Columba visited the Pictish king Bridei around 565. The event is recorded in Adomnán's Life of Columba, in which they describe several encounters between the two. The identification of Craig Phadrig is not universally accepted, and other sites including Urquhart Castle and Inverness Castle have been suggested.
References
External links
The Pictish Fort of Craig Phadrig: An Educational Resource, Forestry Commission Scotland
Hill forts in Scotland
Vitrified forts in Scotland
Pictish sites in Scotland
Scheduled monuments in Scotland
Mountains and hills of Highland (council area)
Inverness
Walter Gunnyon (16 May 1895 – 27 December 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League and St Kilda in the VFL in the 1920s.
Playing career
Gunnyon played four seasons with South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League, playing 54 games. They represented Western Australia in the 1921 Perth Carnival.
In 1922 Gunnyon transferred to St Kilda in the VFL going on to play 63 games for the club, the latter games in an unfamiliar defensive role.
Gunnyon was appointed as captain / coach of the Camberwell Football Club in 1928.
They moved across to newly admitted VFA club, Oakleigh in 1929 and played in their 1930 premiership team.
War service
Gunnyon enlisted with the Australian Imperial Force in November 1915, serving in France.
Notes
References
'Leander', "Personal Stories of Leading Footballers of the Day: A Champion from West Australia: "Wally" Gunnyon a Real Discovery for St. Kilda", The (Melbourne) Herald, (Saturday, 1 July 1922), p.5.</ref>
External links
The Australasian: 1929 - Oakleigh FC - Team Photo
Weekly Times: 1929 - Oakleigh FC - Team Photo
1895 births
1972 deaths
People from Stawell, Victoria
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
South Fremantle Football Club players
St Kilda Football Club players
Oakleigh Football Club players
Camberwell Football Club players
Camberwell Football Club coaches
James C. Carrington is a plant biologist and the current president of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center. In 2005 they were elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and in 2008 they were elected to the National Academy of Sciences.
Early life and education
Carrington was born in Redondo Beach, California in 1960. They attended the University of California, Riverside where they studied biology and worked as an undergraduate research assistant for William Dawson, a plant virologist. After graduating, they pursued graduate training at the University of California, Berkeley working in the lab of T. Jack Morris where they worked on sequencing and analyzing the genomes of plant viruses and graduated in 1986. After completing their PhD, Carrington was a postdoc at North Carolina State University in the research group of William Dougherty until 1988.
Career
In 1988 Carrington was hired as an assistant professor in the department of biology at Texas A&M University. At Texas A&M they were promoted to Associate and later full professor. After nine years working at Texas A&M, Carrington was hired at Washington State University. In 2001 they moved to Oregon State University where they directed the Center for Genome Research and Biocomputing. In May 2011, Carrington began as the new president of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center.
Research
Carrington's early work on plant virology lead to the discovery that some plant viruses produce proteins which suppress post transcriptional gene silencing in plants and that this suppression is necessary in order for these viruses to spread, demonstrating that RNA silencing in plants functions as an antivirus defense mechanism. Carrington moved on to study natural small RNA molecules produced by plants including microRNAs and siRNAs, identifying roles for these gene silencing mechanisms in both plant development and chromatin state maintenance.
Recognition
In 2000 Carrington received the Ruth Allen Award from the American Phytopathological Society.
In 2005 Carrington was made a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
In 2008 Carrington was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.
In 2019 Carrington was made a fellow of the American Society of Plant Biologists.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Texas A&M University faculty
Washington State University faculty
Oregon State University faculty
American botanists
American geneticists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Academy of Microbiology
