Anthony Michael Johnson is an American experimental physicist, a professor of physics, and a professor of computer science and electrical engineering at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC).  They are the Director of the Center for Advanced Studies in Photonics Research (CASPR), also situated on campus at UMBC. Since their election to the 2002 term as president of the Optical Society, formerly the Optical Society of America, Johnson has the distinction of being the first and only African-American president to date. Johnson's research interests include the ultrafast photophysics and nonlinear optical properties of bulk, nanostructured, and quantum well semiconductor structures, ultrashort pulse propagation in fibers and high-speed lightwave systems. Their research has helped to better understand processes that occur in ultrafast time frames of 1 quadrillionth of a second. Ultrashort pulses of light have been used to address technical and logistical challenges in medicine, telecommunications, homeland security, and have many other applications that enhance contemporary life.
Johnson also serves as the deputy director and Materials Research Thrust Leader for the National Science Foundation (NSF) Engineering Research Center for Mid-Infrared Technologies for Health and the Environment, or MIRTHE, established in 2006. Headquartered at Princeton University, it is a collaboration of physicists, engineers, chemists, environmental and bio-engineers, and clinicians from City College of New York, Johns Hopkins University, Rice University, Texas A&M University, and UMBC.
Early life and education
Johnson was born in Brooklyn, New York, the first of three sons for their blue-collar parents. Their middle-class beginnings did not prepare them for a career in science, until their parents gave them a small chemistry set for Christmas. After they "nearly blew up the family home making gunpowder in the basement", they were completely captivated by the enabling power of science, and they thought they could be the first in their family to attend college. Johnson knew they wanted to pursue a STEM career, and they decided to study physics when their high school physics teacher took a special interest in him, and encouraged them to focus their efforts on the uber science. Johnson decided to attend the same college that their high school physics teacher attended, and they graduated with a B.S. in physics from the Polytechnic Institute of New York in 1975. That same evening, they were married in a small ceremony at their fiancée's home. Johnson went on to earn a PhD in physics in 1981 from the Graduate from Center at the City College of the City University of New York (CCNY). Their PhD thesis research was conducted at AT&T Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey, with support from the Bell Labs Cooperative Research Fellowship Program for Minorities (CRFP). Johnson's doctoral thesis research was advised by David H. Auston (formerly Bell Labs) and Robert Alfano (CCNY).
Career and service
Prior to being recruited for their position as Director of UMBC's newest center, CASPR, in 2003, Johnson was the chairperson and Distinguished Professor of Applied Physics at the New Jersey Institute of Technology from 1995 to 2003. Before that, they were a Member of Technical Staff in the Quantum Physics and Electronics department from 1981 to 1988, and was promoted to Distinguished Member of Technical Staff in the Photonics Circuits Research department at AT&T Bell Laboratories (Holmdel, New Jersey) from 1988 to 1995.
A significant part of Johnson's professional activities is dedicated to advancing the science careers of minorities and women both in the United States and developing countries. They co-founded The Optical Society's Ad Hoc committee on Women and Minorities in Optics (88-93); served as Chair of the American Physical Society's (APS) Committee on Minorities in Physics (92-93); was co-chair of the Optical Society's Committee on Women and Minorities in Optics (94-98); serves on the Steering Committee of the APS Minority Bridge Program; is The Optical Society rep to the American Institute of Physics' Liaison Committee for Underrepresented Minorities. Johnson spearheads countless committees on diversity, and speaks extensively on the subject around the world.  They are a co-contributing editor of Reflections in Diversity in Optics and Photonics News, and has written several papers on issues related to minority participation for the magazine. Johnson proudly operates their research lab at UMBC primarily with students from underrepresented groups in STEM (Science-Technology-Engineering-Mathematics) programs. In 2020, Johnson joined the Optica Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Rapid Action Committee that charged with developing recommendations for our corporate and program divisions to support and increase black scientists and engineers within the optics and photonics community.
Johnson is committed to enhancing science education for young elementary students as well, and participates in many extracurricular youth experiences. One example of these efforts is reflected in theirs being the principal investigator of the $1.7 million NSF Informal Science Education Grant entitled 'Hands-On Optics: Making an Impact with Light.' This program targets middle school students and is designed to inspire an interest in technology by bringing optics-related activities into after-school science programs. The partners are The Optical Society, SPIE, MESA and NOAO. In their state of the art laser lab at CASPR they have hosted Girl Scouts, local elementary school students, Meyerhoff scholars, and politicians alike.
Johnson has authored approximately 100 refereed papers, two book chapters, and holds four U.S. patents. They provide unceasing service to the optics community as an active member of a number of professional organizations and scientific commissions. Their roles have included: Editor-in-Chief of Optics Letters; member the Board of Editors, Board of Directors and served as President of The Optical Society in 2002; member of the National Research Council's Committee on Atomic, Molecular, and Optical Science, and the Board on Assessment of NIST Programs; member of the governing boards of the American Institute of Physics, and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Lasers & Electro-Optics Society (LEOS), and the executive board of American Physical Society (APS), and a member of the U.S. Department of Energy's Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee.  They are a member of the American Association of Physics Teachers [AAPT], and the African Scientific Institute. They have also served on the program committees for the Conference on Lasers and Electro-Optics (CLEO), which they co-chaired in 1996, and the program committee for the LEOS Annual Meeting.
Awards and honors
Sigma Xi Undergraduate Research Award
AT&T Bell Labs Research Area Affirmative Action Award
Distinguished Alumnus Award from Polytechnic University
Charter Fellow of the National Society of Black Physicists [NSBP]
1988 AT&T Bell Labs Distinguished Technical Staff Award
1991 Fellow of The Optical Society [OSA]
1994 Black Engineer of the Year Special Recognition Award
1995 Fellow of the American Physical Society [APS] "For their contributions to ultrafast optoelectronics and nonlinear optics, including high speed semiconductor sampling gates, optical pulse compression and tunable ultrafast laser sources."
1996 APS Edward A. Bouchet Award "For their pioneering contributions to nonlinear optics, lasers, and optoelectronics; for their leadership in the national scientific community; and for their many efforts to attract minorities to careers in science and engineering."
1996 Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science [AAAS]
2000 Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers [IEEE] "For contributions to ultrafast optoelectronics and nonlinear optics."
2005 Science Spectrum magazine's Trailblazer Top Minority in Science Award
2011 Honorary Degree, Doctor of Science, honoris causa, from the CCNY
2021 OSA Stephen D. Fantone Distinguished Service Award "For decades of principled leadership and steadfast service to The Optical Society and to the optics community, and especially for serving as a tireless ambassador for OSA"
International activities
Johnson's professional duties require them to travel quite a bit. Some examples of these include:
Recruiter, International Students, Department of Physics, NJIT, Beijing/Harbin, China
Visiting Lecturer, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kanpur, India
Visiting Lecturer, Winter College in Optics, Dakar, Senegal
International Coordinator (USA), African Laser Atomic & Molecular Sciences Network, Senegal
Member of the executive board, International Centre on Theoretical Physics (ICTP), Trieste, Italy
Invited Speaker to professional conferences worldwide, including events in Ghana, Benin, Brazil, Mexico, Canada, South Africa, Russia, Australia, Austria, England, and others.
Personal life
Johnson's mother was a buyer for a major department store, and their father worked for the New York City Transit Authority as a bus driver. Their uncle and both their brothers also have careers with the transit authority, and when they were very young, Johnson considered they too would pursue the same line of work. A high school physics teacher changed their lives forever.  They are married to Adrienne, who has a doctorate in education from Columbia University, and is a former college professor turned writer. They have three adult children together.
See also
Optical Society Past Presidents of the OSA
American Physical Society
National Society of Black Physicists
University of Maryland, Baltimore County
American Institute of Physics
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
Presidents of the Optical Society
Fellows of the Optical Society
Living people
1954 births
Polytechnic Institute of New York University alumni
21st-century American physicists
Optical physicists
American condensed matter physicists
Robert Barney Dallenbach (born August 6, 1927) is a bishop in the Pillar of Fire International. They also are the church's fifth general superintendent until losing a vote of confidence at the 2008 Pillar of Fire annual camp meeting convention. They also served as a director for the North Metro Arts Alliance in Colorado. They were the author of seven books.
Biography
They were born on August 6, 1927 and is the brother of CART driver Wally Dallenbach Sr.
They pastored at the Alma Temple in Westminster, Colorado, and they served as president of Belleview College and was the general manager of Christian radio AM 910, KPOF.
They married Pauline White (1927-2019) in 1949. They have two children: Alma Beth Walker, and Joel. Pauline is the daughter of Arthur Kent White, and the granddaughter of Alma Bridwell White, the founder of the church.
Dallenbach succeeded Donald Justin Wolfram when they retired in the summer of 2000.
References
Pillar of Fire International
Living people
1927 births
Alma White College alumni
Werner Müller (born 22 May 1907, Emmerich; died 8 March 1990, Bad Urach) was a German ethnologist and symbologist. Their principal field of research, and the subject of several books, was the Native American mythology and literature of North America, though their studies of the sacral patterns in the founding of European settlements (e.g. Kreis und Kreuz, 1938: Die heilige Stadt, 1961) were also substantial.
They obtained their doctorate in 1930 under Carl Clemen and was appointed university lecturer in 1942 in Ethnology at the Straßburg Reichs-University.
Works
Die ältesten amerikanischen Sintfluterzählungen (PhD dissertation 1930)
Kreis und Kreuz. Untersuchungen zur sakralen Siedlung bei Italikern und Germanen (Berlin 1938)
Die Blaue Hütte. Zum Sinnbild der Perle bei nordamerikanischen Indianern (Wiesbaden 1954)
Weltbild und Kult der Kwakiutl-Indianer (Wiesbaden 1955)
Die Religionen der Waldlandindianer Nordamerikas (Berlin 1956)
'Die Religionen der Indianervölker Nordamerikas', in: Die Religionen des alten Amerika : Religionen der Menschheit Vol. 7 (Stuttgart 1961).
Die heilige Stadt. Roma quadrata, himmlisches Jerusalem und die Mythe vom Weltnabel (Stuttgart 1961)
Glauben und Denken der Sioux. Zur Gestalt archaischer Weltbilder (Berlin 1970)
Indianische Welterfahrung (Frankfurt 1981)
Amerika - Die Neue oder die Alte Welt? (1982)
Notes
Sources
Berthold Riese: Müller, Werner, in: Neue Deutsche Biographie Vol. 18 (Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 1997), pp. 482–484. (in German)
External links
For the Centenary of the Tübingen Symbologist and Ethnologist, Werner Müller PDF, (in German)
1907 births
1990 deaths
People from Kleve (district)
German anthropologists
20th-century anthropologists
The Journal of Transcultural Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering transcultural nursing. The editor-in-chief is Norma Graciela Cuellar. The journal is the official publication of the Transcultural Nursing Society. It was established in 1989 and is published by Sage Publications. It is a member of Committee on Publication Ethics.
Abstracting and Indexing
The Journal of Transcultural Nursing is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, MEDLINE, the Science Citation Index Expanded, and the Social Sciences Citation Index.
In 2017, the journal ranked 48 out of 114 in Nursing (Social Sciences) and 51 out of 116 in Nursing (Sciences), with an impact factor of 1.262.
References
External links
Transcultural Nursing Society
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
General nursing journals
Publications established in 1989
Fondren is both a given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:
Fondren Mitchell (1921–1952), American football player
Debra Jo Fondren (born 1955), American model
Ella Florence Fondren (18801982), American philanthropist
Fred Fondren (1948–1992), American actor
Larry Fondren, American entrepreneur
Walter Fondren (1936–2010), American football player
Walter Fondren Sr. (1877–1939), American oil industry business person
Birtamod (Nepali: बिर्तामोड नगरपालिका) is a municipality in Jhapa District of Nepal. It is the commercial, educational and transport hub of Jhapa District. Sarnamati Bazar, Dhulabari Bazar, Dhaijan Bazar, Charali Bazar, Shivasatakshi Bazar, Kamatoli Bazar, Chakchaki Bazar and Surunga Bazar are some of the nearest local towns/settlements connected to Birtamod. it is one of the fastest growing city in Nepal. Birtamod is the largest city of Jhapa as well as in Mechi zone.
History
The town was under the Anarmani Village Development Committee and was transformed into a municipality in May 2014. It merged with Charpane VDC and then merged with Garamani VDC in 2017.
Birtamod was originally part of a great forest. Due to the presence of mosquitos and the threat of malaria, very few people lived here. Later, the forests were cleared off for cultivating the fertile lands. Slowly, people of the hills started to migrate here. These peoples were accompanied by the Nepalese who returned home from the Indian territories of Assam and West Bengal. The ethnic communities, Rajbanshi, Dhimal, etc. are the indigenous people of Birtamod and Jhapa as a whole. Birtamod started to rise when the East West Highway passed through it. Being at the physical center of the district, it started to rise as a center for commercial activities. Birtamod took a greater rise at the time of the Maoist insurgency when trade and banking of the whole Jhapa district became concentrated in Birtamod.
Transportation
Birtamod is connected to all parts of the country by a central highway, the Mahendra Highway which runs throughout the length of the country from east to west. Chandragadhi (Bhadrapur) Airport is located in Bhadrapur (about 12 km from Birtamod) and serves 5 to 6 daily flights to and from Kathmandu. Buddha Air, Yeti Airlines, Shree Airlines and Saurya Airlines are some of the airlines that have daily flights to and from Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal. There are various means of transportation in Birtamod but the major means of transportation is via local bus.
Major cities nearby
Damak
Mechinagar
Surunga
Bhadrapur
Arjundhara
Charali
Demography
Caste And Ethnic groups
Languages
Climate
The climate of Birtamod is hot and humid during summer, and mild and dry during winter. During the summer, temperatures can reach 38 degree Celsius, and the low in winter is about 2 degrees Celsius. Rainfall is abundant during the monsoon season (June–September). There is little or no rainfall during winter, which makes it ideal for harvesting crops such as rice, wheat and mustard.
Industry and agriculture
Because of the fertile soil, the land around Birtamod is well suited for agriculture. Rice, wheat, mustard and tea are some of the crops that are grown seasonally. Rice and Wheat is cultivated during the monsoon season when there is abundant rainfall, and harvested during the dry winter months. Several large tea estates and processing factories are located just east of Birtamod. Giri Bandhu Tea Estate (गिरी बन्धु चिया बगान), New Giri Bandhu and Sons Tea Estate, and Buttabari Tea Processing are the major ones. Apart from agriculture the industrial trends are growing. Various cement factories are present to fulfill local requirement of cements at small scale production capacity.
The revolution of information technology in Nepal has effects in Birtamod. The establishment of an IT industry in Birtamod take more effective in Human Resource in Birtamod for outsourcing business.
Bitamod has a shopping mall called Hanuman Central.
Lot of new ecommerce delivery companies are now delivering products to local residents too along with supporting local retailers. Most prominent one is sanohaat.com.
Business
Birtamod got its business identity as trading hub with the passage of Mahendra Highway and Mechi Highway. Production of hills started being collected and distributed from Birtamod. In the similar fashion, imported products started being sent to hills via Birtamod. Shorty, after being a trading hub, manufacturing activities started at about Birtamod. Alongside, started the rise of service sectors. One can get almost everything at retail and wholesale market of Birtamod that is imported into Nepal. Major products manufactured about Birtamod are: Steel, Cement, Ply, Concrete blocks, Plastic Pipes, Tea, Bricks, alike. Major services available at Birtamod are: School and College Education, Accounting, Business Consultation, Audit, Banking, Transportation, etc.
Culture
The culture of Birtamod is a mix of cultures of various ethnicities, but these two festival seasons are the most important, partly because of 68% of Nepal's population being Hindu and 18% of the population being Buddhist.
Lhosar:(ल्होसार) This festival is celebrated three times once a year. The various combination of Buddhism community such as major community of Tamang celebrate Sonam Lhosar in Marga, Sherpa Community celebrate Gyalpo Lhosar in Falgun as well as Gurung Community celebrate Tamu Lhosar in Poush.
Dashain: (दशै) Dashain is celebrated by the Hindu's and is an exciting time for families to get together and meet relatives and each other. This festival lasts for 15 days. Celebrations and shopping are common during this time and so are religious ceremonies.
Tihar and Dipawali: (तिहार) Tihar lasts five days, including a day called Laksmi Puja which coincides with Dipawali. Dipawali is a Hindu festival of lights and colors. People light up their house with little lamps called diya, generally fueled with mustard oil, and burst firecrackers all night long during the five days of Tihar.
Incidents
March 22, 2006: Nine police officers and three Maoist rebels were killed during a clash at Birtamod police station and traffic office. A group of Maoists, loaded in three trucks attacked the office at around 7:00 am. In the attack, 20 police officers and two civilians were injured. The injured civilians were under detention and were being held in police custody when the attack took place. Most of the injured police officers were airlifted to Kathmandu for immediate medical treatment because the local hospitals where not able to handle severe trauma victims. Several Maoist rebels were also killed and injured when the truck carrying the rebels overturned during retreat.
October 27, 2017: Locals started a rebellion against the government for not investigating a child's unknown death a week prior. The police were forced to control the rebellion using weapons and gas. Three of the rebels were killed on the spot and six others including some police officer were fatally injured. The injured were treated in a local hospital. Locals in rage struck the whole eastern part of Nepal for three days. The debate was settled by a discussion between government officials and the victims.
Images
Footnotes
Populated places in Jhapa District
Nepal municipalities established in 2014
Municipalities in Province No. 1
Municipalities in Jhapa District
Naa Manasistha Raa () is a 2001 Indian Telugu-language romantic thriller film directed by R. R. Shinde. It stars Srikanth, Soundarya, and Richa Pallod. The film is a remake of the Tamil film Parthen Rasithen (2000).
The film released on 18 July 2001 and was a box office failure.
Plot
Shankar, an aeronautical engineer, is a soft spoken man. They befriend Nandini, a student of medicine and the both share a platonic relationship. Despite this, Shankar spends a lot of time as a loaner blowing their mouth organ. Seershika, who works as an employee at a private firm, meets Shankar and starts liking them as a person as well as their taste in music.
Shankar reciprocates their feelings, and they both fall in love with each other. As they decide to get marry, Shankar's parents who live in Dubai come to India as start the wedding arrangements. Meanwhile, Nandini takes an opportunity and confesses their love to Shankar. Disheartened Seershika consumes poison in an attempt to suicide and gets hospitalized. Shankar, however, never had any romantic feelings towards Nandini. Nonetheless, Nandini remains adamant to marry to Shankar. Seershika is now determined to get back their love, successfully faces all the hurdles and wins back Shankar's love.
Cast
Srikanth as Shankar
Soundarya as Nandini
Richa Pallod as Seershika
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Shankar's father
Sangeeta as Shankar's mother
Prithivi
Brahmanandam
Sivaji Raja
Sudhakar
Tanikella Bharani
Production
After the success of films ending with 'Raa', Ninne Premistha (2000) director R. R. Shinde titled this film Naa Manasistha Raa. The film is produced by Sudhakar, who produced Taraka Ramudu (1997). Shooting was scheduled to start on 18 January 2001 but was postponed to the second week of February of the same year. Srikanth and Soundarya shot for this film and Kalisi Naduddam (2001) at the same time.
Soundtrack
Songs are composed by S. A. Rajkumar. The song "Twinkle Twinkle" is based on "Parthen Rasithen" from the original.
"Twinkle Twinkle" - Rajesh, Sunitha
"Punnami Jabili" - S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Sunitha
"Kadantava" - Rajesh, Sunitha
"Sakkubai" - Udit Narayan
"Champodhe" - Shankar Mahadevan, Anuradha Sriram
"Ooh Prema" - Devan
Reception
Griddaluru Gopalrao of Zamin Ryot gave a positive review for the film. They appreciated the storyline, performances of the leads and camerawork of the film. Ajay Bashyam of Full Hyderabad opined that "Right from the name (ouch!), everything about Naa Manasista... Raa! is filmy. It's an old problem - the story starts off pretty okay and has enough steam to carry it till the interval, then there is the twist [...] and then the writer keeps coming up with new problems just to pull along the film for the second half".
Box office
A writer from News18 attributed the film's failure with the audience's rejection of Soundarya in a negative role.
References
External links
Telugu remakes of Tamil films
Herman van der Mast (c. 1550 – 1610) was a Dutch Renaissance painter from the Northern Netherlands.
What little we know about Mast are the notes related by Karel van Mander in their Schilder-boeck, who mentioned them as part of a long list of pupils of Frans Floris. Mast was born in Brielle and was living in Delft when Van Mander was writing. After Frans Floris died they went to live with Frans Francken the Elder, who they served (along with other ex-Floris pupils) by copying works for production. While copying a painting by Floris there, namely a "cross-carrier" (eenen Cruys-drager van Floris), there was a hand holding a whitish cross, and while Mast was painting, a daddy long legs sat on the original, which Mast painted onto their copy very cleverly, including all the shadows. When their master came into the room, they said they could see they aren't a very quick painter, because the spiders had time to shit on their work. Making a movement to brush it away with their hat, and seeing it wasn't moving but was painted, they became embarrassed and said that they shouldn't take it off but let it remain. The next day Mast showed it to their colleague Gortzius Geldorp and told them about what their master said, boasting "Zeuxis's birds! I fooled the Master with this creature!". Geldorp wouldn't believe them until they were told later to go look at the painting.
Van der Mast travelled to Paris where they lived for two years with the Archbishop of Bourges, for whom they painted a Saint Sebastian surrounded by all manner of herbs, that impressed the king's own personal physician. They then went to live with Monseur de la Queste, knight, president, en procureur-general of the King of France, for whom they worked for seven years. The last four years of which they were the personal assistant to their wife, who themselves was a lady-in-waiting to the Queen. They were knighted by the King at the request of their mother at a masquerade ball held on Shrove Tuesday. Court life prevented them from painting.  They are known for portraits and historical allegories, but only two portraits are known to be by them today. A painting in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen has long been attributed to them but this has been disputed.
In their work on Van Mander, Hessel Miedema was able to discover that Mast paid an admission fee for the Delft Guild of St. Luke in the year 1589 for 1587, and was chairperson there in 1593. The mentioned Monseur de la Queste must refer to Jean de la Guesle (d. 1588), who was appointed president of the parliament of Burgundy by Catherine de' Medici, who Mander refers to as "Queen". It is unclear who the Archbishop of Bourges was, but Jean de la Guesle had a son Francois who was archbishop of Tours.
It is unknown why Mast returned to Delft, where they later died, but probably this was because both their patrons had died.
References
1550 births
1610 deaths
People from Brielle
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Painters from Delft
Iatrogenic calcinosis cutis is a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus introduced by a medical procedure, either inadvertently or as a specific therapy.
See also
Calcinosis cutis
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Filippo Distefano (born 28 August 2003) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Fiorentina in Serie A.
Early life
Filippo Distefano was born in Camaiore, a town in the Tuscan Province of Lucca, where they started to play football, at the club of Torre del Lago.
Club career
Distefano first joined US Livorno – that was then playing in Serie A under Davide Nicola – where they spent 3 years, before joining the youth sector of ACF Fiorentina. First playing with the Primavera team, they were part of the squads who won the Coppa Italia Primavera in 2020 and 2021.
Having first been called to the first team by Vincenzo Italiano for the 20 November 2021 Serie A game against AC Milan, the young forward eventually made their professional debut for Fiorentina 10 days later, replacing José Callejón in the last minutes of a 3–1 Serie A home win against Sampdoria.
References
External links
Fiorentina primavera squad
2003 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from the Province of Lucca
ACF Fiorentina players
Serie A players
Urh Kastelic (born 27 February 1996) is a Slovenian handball goalkeeper who plays for TBV Lemgo Lippe and the Slovenian national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship. In 2014 they won gold medal at Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing, China.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
People from Brežice
Slovenian male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
SC Pick Szeged players
RK Zagreb players
Frisch Auf Göppingen players
Handball-Bundesliga players
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Slovenia
Handball players at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Mediterranean Games competitors for Slovenia
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Nambya, or Nanzwa/Nanzva, is a Bantu language spoken by the Nambya people. It is spoken in northwestern Zimbabwe, particularly in the town of Hwange, with a few speakers in northeastern Botswana. It is either classified as a dialect of Kalanga or as a closely related language. The Zimbabwean constitution, in particular the Education Act, as amended in 1990, recognises Nambya and Kalanga as separate indigenous languages.
Phonology
Nambya is a tonal language. It has a simple 5 vowel system and a typical Bantu consonant-vowel (CV) syllable structure. The language has onsetless syllables, but these are restricted to the word-initial position, making Nambya typical of the Southern Bantu languages.
Vowels
Morphology
Like many Bantu languages, Nambya has a highly agglutinative morphology.
References
Languages of Zimbabwe
Languages of Botswana
Shona languages
Joseph Morales (born August 22, 1994) is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
In their MMA debut at WSOF 16, Joseph defeated Christian Espinosa via unanimous decision. Then they defeated Roque Reyes via TKO in the first round. At WFC 14, Joseph submitted Benji Gomez in the second round via rear naked choke. They also tapped out Gerald Bailey in round one via guillotine choke at GKO 4. Joseph submitted their next two opponents in Sammy Saunders and Gerald Bailey respectively. At GKO 8, they defeated Josh Paiva via unanimous decision, earning them the GKO Flyweight Championship. At CFFC 64 Joseph defeated Sean Santella via TKO in the second round and earned their ticket to the UFC in the process.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Morales made their promotional debut on August 5, 2017 at UFC Fight Night: Pettis vs. Moreno, facing Roberto Sanchez. They won the fight via a rear-naked choke in round one and earned a Performance of the Night bonus.
On February 3, 2018 Morales faced Deiveson Figueiredo at UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Anders. They lost the fight via technical knockout in round two.
Morales faced Eric Shelton on November 10, 2018 at UFC Fight Night: Korean Zombie vs. Rodríguez. They lost the fight via split decision.
After losing their last two fights, Morales got released from the UFC in May 2019.
Post-UFC career
Morales made their return to mixed martial arts, after a three year absence from the sport, to face Kevin Wirth at Cage Warriors 126 on August 1, 2021. Morales won the fight by unanimous decision.
Morales faced Sidemar Honorio on March 4, 2022 at Cage Warriors 133. They won the bout via split decision.
Championships and achievements
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One Time)
Global Knockout
GKO Flyweight Championship (One Time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–2
|Sidemar Honorio
|Decision (split)
|Cage Warriors 133
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–2
| Kevin Wirth
|Decision (unanimous)
|Cage Warriors 126
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–2
|Eric Shelton
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Korean Zombie vs. Rodríguez
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–1
| Deiveson Figueiredo
|TKO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Anders
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:34
|Belém, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–0
|Roberto Sanchez
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Pettis vs. Moreno
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:56
|Mexico City, Mexico
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–0
| Sean Santella
| TKO (punches)
|CFFC 64 - Sayles vs. Aguilera
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:24
|San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|7–0
| Josh Paiva
| Decision (unanimous)
|Global Knockout 8
|
|align=center| 5
|align=center| 5:00
|Jackson, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|6–0
| Gerald Bailey
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Global Knockout 7
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:48
|Jackson, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|5–0
| Sammy Saunders
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Global Knockout 6
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:50
| Jackson, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|4–0
| Gerald Bailey
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Global Knockout 4
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:30
|Jackson, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Benji Gomez
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
| WFC 14
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|2:21
| Sacramento, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Roque Reyes
| TKO (punches)
| WCFC 13
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:43
| Sacramento, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Christian Espinosa
| Decision (unanimous)
|WSOF 16
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
| Sacramento, California, United States
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
American male mixed martial artists
Flyweight mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Bruno Simões may refer to:
Bruno Simões (Brazilian footballer) (born 1988), Brazilian football centre-back
Bruno Simões (Portuguese footballer) (born 1995), Portuguese football midfielder
A g-suit, or anti-g suit, is a flight suit worn by aviators and astronauts who are subject to high levels of acceleration force (g). It is designed to prevent a black-out and g-LOC (g-induced loss of consciousness) caused by the blood pooling in the lower part of the body when under acceleration, thus depriving the brain of blood. Black-out and g-LOC have caused a number of fatal aircraft accidents.
Operation
If blood is allowed to pool in the lower areas of the body, the brain will be deprived of blood. This lack of blood flow to the brain first causes a greyout (a dimming of the vision also called brownout), followed by tunnel vision and ultimately complete loss of vision 'blackout' followed by g-induced Loss Of Consciousness or 'g-LOC'. The danger of g-LOC to aircraft pilots is magnified because on relaxation of g-force there is a period of disorientation before full sensation is re-gained.
A g-suit does not so much increase the g-threshold, but makes it possible to sustain high g longer without excessive physical fatigue. The resting g-tolerance of a typical person is anywhere from 3–5 g depending on the person. A g-suit will typically add 1 g of tolerance to that limit. Pilots still need to practice the 'g-straining maneuver' that consists of tensing the abdominal muscles in order to tighten blood vessels so as to reduce blood pooling in the lower body. High g is not comfortable, even with a g-suit. In older fighter aircraft, 6 g was considered a high level, but with modern fighters 9 g or more can be sustained structurally making the pilot the critical factor in maintaining high maneuverability in close aerial combat.
Design
A g-suit is a special garment and generally takes the form of tightly fitting trousers, which fit either under or over (depending on the design) the flight suit worn by the aviator or astronaut. The trousers are fitted with inflatable bladders which, when pressurized through a g-sensitive valve in the aircraft or spacecraft, press firmly on the abdomen and legs, thus restricting the draining of blood away from the brain during periods of high acceleration. In addition, in some modern very high-g aircraft, the Anti-g suit effect is augmented by a small amount of pressure applied to the lungs (positive pressure breathing), which also enhances resistance to high G. The effects of anti-g suits and positive pressure breathing are straightforward to replicate in a simulator, although only continuous g can be produced artificially in devices such as centrifuges.
Various designs of g-suit have been developed. They first used water-filled bladders around the lower body and legs. Later designs used air under pressure to inflate the bladders. These g-suits were lighter than the liquid-filled versions and are still in extensive use. However, the Swiss company Life Support Systems AG and the German Autoflug collaborated to design the new Libelle suit for use with the Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft, which reverts to liquid as the medium and improves on performance. The Libelle suit is under consideration for adoption by the United States Air Force.
History
As early as 1917, there were documented cases of pilots' loss of consciousness due to g (G-LOC) that were referred to as "fainting in the air".
In 1931 a professor of physiology, Frank Cotton, from the University of Sydney described a new way of determining the center of gravity of the human body. This made it possible to describe the displacement of mass within the body under acceleration. Cotton had recognised the need for an anti-gravity suit during the 1940 Battle of Britain. It was estimated that 30% of pilot deaths were due to accidents, including black-out. Spitfires, in particular, were capable of rapid turns that generated high g-forces, causing black-out when diving to fire or avoid enemy fire.
With the development of higher speed monoplane fighters in the late 1930s, acceleration forces during combat became more severe. As early as 1940 some aircraft had foot-rests above the rudder pedals so that the pilot's feet and legs could be raised during combat in an attempt to minimize the negative effects of high speed turns. Large rudder deflections were often not necessary during such manoeuvres, but being able to cut inside the opponent's turning radius was.
Franks G-Suit
The first g-suits were developed by a team led by Wilbur R. Franks at the University of Toronto's Banting and Best Medical Institute in 1941. The suits were manufactured by the Dunlop company and first used operationally in 1942 by the Fleet Air Arm (FAA) during Operation Torch. These devices used water filled bladders around the legs and two 'Mk.' versions (or Marks) were developed:
Franks Mark I suits were used by RAF Hurricane and Spitfire pilots;
Franks Mark II suits were used by the United States Army Air Forces and Royal Canadian Air Force pilots.
Cotton Aerodynamic Anti-G Flying Suit
Professor Frank Cotton of Sydney University, Australia, designed the world's first successful gas-operated anti-G suit. Research commenced late in 1940, and a suit was designed with rubber sacs covered externally by inextensible material. The sacs automatically inflated when G forces increased during flying. The suit was developed at the Sydney Medical School. Cotton constructed the first human centrifuge in the Anderson Stuart Building at Sydney University under tight wartime security. The volunteers, young airmen, were strapped by their legs to the centrifuge and subjected to high g-force and monitored until black-out occurred. All lost consciousness. On February 19, 1942, the day of the major Japanese
air attack on Darwin, Cotton's suit was approved by the Allied war chiefs. The Americans soon issued orders for manufacture of a suit based on Cotton's design.
The Cotton suit was later flight-tested in a Hurricane, Kittyhawks, and Spitfires and provided about 2G protection. The Royal Air Force ran competitive trials of the Cotton Anti-G suit with the Frank G-Suit that was already adopted in 1944. The Royal Air Force concluded that: "There is no doubt the Cotton Suit gives the best protection." The Cotton suit's use of gas-inflatable bladders is still used in the modern anti-G suit.
'Berger' Gradient Pressure Suit
In the United States, physiologists Drs. Earl H. Wood, Edward Baldes, Charles Code and Edward H. Lambert, working in a top secret research lab at the Mayo Clinic, helped to define the specific physiologic effects causing blackout and unconsciousness during high G forces. Based upon their new understanding of the physiologic effects of high G-forces, they developed a more practical g-suit derived from the work of Cotton and Franks. This suit used inflation like the Cotton suit. While Professor Cotton's design was intriguing, they were more focused on center of gravity than on blood flow. This latter point was the key to making a practical anti-g suit that could be worn in combat.
This suit was worn by US pilots towards the end of the World War II.
The researchers were part of a team assembled at the Mayo Clinic investigating the effects of high performance flight on military pilots, by studying physiological effects of flight and how to mitigate them. They used a large centrifuge to whirl riders and observe their blood pressures at the head and heart levels with special instruments. To prevent drops in blood pressure, the team designed an air bladder suit that inflated at the pilot's calves, thighs and abdomen. A primary contribution, allowing for the shift from pulsatile water filled bladders to non-pulsatile air filled bladders, made by the Mayo investigators was to show that maintenance of arterial pressure rather than venous return was required to maintain perfusion of the eyes and brain. Prototypes of the GPS suits were known as the "arterial Occlusion Suit" (AOS) or the Clark-Wood suit, named after Earl H. Wood and Dave Clark (head of the Dave Clark company who fabricated the early suits for the team at Mayo)
Their efforts finally culminated with the release of the first US military design in late 1943: the GPS (Gradient Pressure Suit) type fighter pilot's G-1 anti-g-suit. The team subsequently worked on developing further, more advanced models in 1944 and beyond.
Although uncomfortable and distracting to use, later research showed that military fighter pilots who wore g-suits survived and defeated their opponents in greater numbers than those who didn't.
Modern g-Suits meet the United States Air Force Standard CSU-13B/P and United States Navy Standard CSU 15 A/P.
Uses
Prone pilot position aircraft
During World War II the German Henschel Hs 132 (never flew) and the US Northrop XP-79 (crashed on first powered flight) jets both had prone positions to minimize blood pooling in the legs. After 1945 the British experimented with prone flying positions in a highly modified Gloster Meteor F8 jet fighter and the Reid and Sigrist R.S.3 "Bobsleigh" a piston-engined trainer. However, other difficulties associated with prone piloting and the development of practical g-suits for normal seating positions terminated these experiments.
Military aviation and space
Air-based g-suits were very common in NATO aircraft of all nations from the 1950s onwards and are still in common use today.
Later jets such as the F-15 Eagle, F-16 Fighting Falcon, F/A-18 Super Hornet, Eurofighter Typhoon and the Dassault Rafale can sustain high g loads for longer periods, and are therefore more physically demanding. By using a modern g-suit in combination with anti-g strain techniques, a trained pilot is now expected to endure accelerations of up to nine g without blacking out.
Astronauts wear g-suits similar to aviators but face different challenges due to the effects of microgravity. Aviator g-suits apply uniform pressure to the lower legs to minimize the effects of high acceleration but research from the Canadian Space Agency implies there might be a benefit in having a suit for astronauts that uses a "milking action" to increase blood flow to the upper body.
Red Bull Air Race
Pilots in Red Bull Air Race World Championship have worn a g-suit called g-Race Suit since the 2009 season. The g-race suit is a liquid (water) filled, autonomous and aircraft independent working full-body g-protection system. It is tailor-made for each pilot and can be fine adjusted via lacings.
The g-race suit contains four so-called "fluid muscles" which are sealed, liquid-filled tubes. Each fluid muscle extends from the shoulder to the ankle. Two fluid muscles – each filled with approximately 1 litre of fluid for a total of around per g-race suit – are routed vertically on the front side of the g-race suit and two are routed vertically on the rear side of the g-race suit. The suit weighs on average in total, and its fabric is made out of a special mix of Twaron and Nomex. The counter pressure effect occurs instantaneously without any time delay versus an up to two-second delay before reaching full system protection in standard pneumatic, inflatable g-suits. The race pilot utilizes the g-race suit interactively by muscle straining and breathing techniques to achieve an improved cardiac output and thus improved G-protection.
See also
High-G training
Aviation medicine
Acceleration
Air combat
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Astrobiology, Astronomy & Spaceflight – Anti G Suits
University of Sydney – History of the Department of Physiology
Libelle G-Multiplus
Science and technology in Canada
Canadian inventions
Aircrew clothing
Environmental suits
Acceleration
Aviation medicine
Military aviation
Joe Lukasawiecz was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1957.
References
1930s births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Myers-v-Elman (1940) is a landmark law case and precedent in English Law on making personal cost orders against solicitors where a lawyer has knowingly lodged a misleading affidavit.
The judgment, holding that the solicitor on record is responsible for the work of the staff under them, and for solicitors to rectify any documents given to a court that the lawyer knows to be wrong or inaccurate.
Elman was a solicitor who tendered an affidavit to the court that was drafted by their law clerk, Osbourn. During the trial it became obvious that the affidavit was falsely sworn. The plaintiff sought damages against the lawyer, and the judge Robin Maugham, 2nd Viscount Maugham made the order for damages, holding that Osborne had knowingly prepared a false affidavit.
Lord Maugham said that a solicitor: “can not simply allow the client to make whatever affidavit of documents they think fit, nor can they escape the responsibility of careful investigation or supervision … a solicitor who has innocently put upon the file an affidavit by their client, which they subsequently discover to be false, owes a duty to the Court to put the matter right at the earliest moment if they continue to act as solicitor on the record.”
See also
Linwood v Andrews (1888) 58 LT 612
References
English case law
1940 in British law
Qazi Muhammad Amin Waqad (1947-June 14, 2021) was an Afghan politician who has held a variety of political and military offices.
An ethnic Mohmand Pashtun from Nangrahar Province, Qazi Amin attended a madrasah in Pakistan, before graduating at the Islamic Law Faculty of Kabul University. While at university, they became an active member of the Islamist Muslim Youth movement. In 1975, following the repression of the Islamist movement by Daoud Khan, Qazi Amin escaped to Peshawar. During the late 1970s and early 1980s they served several times as leader of Hezbi Islami Gulbuddin, though they were more often deputy leader to Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. In 1985, they quit HIG and founded their own party, which had only a limited influence. After the fall of the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan in 1992, they held an appointment as Minister of Communications from 1994 to 1997.
Later, they became a leading member of the National Front, a political party opposed to the Karzai administration.
Since the U.S. led invasion of Afghanistan, Waqad has faced unsuccessful assassination attempts on their life by the Taliban, including one in 2017.
Waqad died on June 14, 2021.
References
1947 births
2021 deaths
People from Nangarhar Province
Communication ministers of Afghanistan
Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin politicians
United National Front (Afghanistan) politicians
Grosvenor Park may refer to
Grosvenor Park, Saskatoon, a neighborhood located in east-central Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
Grosvenor Park, Belfast, a football ground in Northern Ireland
Grosvenor Park, Chester, a park in Chester, Cheshire
Grosvenor Park, a neighborhood located in North Bethesda, Maryland
Grosvenor Park Productions, a British production and film-financing company
WCLN (1170 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Clinton, North Carolina, United States. The station is currently owned by Christian Listening Network, Inc. and features programming from ABC Radio .
History
Larry Carr of Clinton operated WCLN, a daytime-only station, and WCLN-FM prior to the 1991 purchase of the 16-year-old stations by Willis Broadcasting Corp. of Norfolk, Virginia. The stations' format would be adult contemporary music and oldies.
WCLN and WCLN-FM were Christian when the FM station increased its power from 3,000 to 25,000 watts to better cover Fayetteville. Curt Nunnery of WFLB became sales manager.
By 1997, WCLN was airing Southern gospel music separately from the FM, and by 2000, WCLN was playing oldies.
In 2012, WCLN played oldies along with locally oriented programming including Clinton High School sports. The hosts of the morning show can be seen through glass from the outside, as is true for the Today show.
References
External links
Radio stations established in 1975
1975 establishments in North Carolina
CLN
Sampson County, North Carolina
Miho: Journey to the Mountain is an album by Paul Winter Consort, released in 2010 through the record label Living Music. The album was commissioned by the Miho Museum in Shiga, Japan to be a musical celebration of the museum. The museum is a unique piece of architecture, built on the top of a mountain, and partially tunneling into it, giving the experience of the museum being part of the Earth. The album was recorded in the corridors of the museum, which are naturally reverberant. In 2011, the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
Track listing
"Saxophone (Song of Miho)"
"Sarangi (Dawn Raga)"
"Arto (Before It's Too Late)"
"English Horn (Theme from "On the Central Steppes of Asia", Borodin)"
"Koto"
"Frame Drums (Cedar Grove Dance)"
"Bansuri & Saxophone"
"Yangjin (Words of Wish Fulfillment)"
"Bendir and Heckelphone"
"Saxophone Reprise"
"Arto (Singing to the Mountain)"
"The Welcome (Song of Miho)"
"Koto Spring"
"Elephant Dance"
"Whale Raga"
"Love Is Not in Your Mind"
"Twilight"
"Andante (Bach)"
"Remembering"
"Saturday Night in Peach Blossom Valley"
"Song of Miho"
"Morning Sun"
Personnel
Paul Winter – soprano saxophone
Paul McCandless – oboe, English horn, heckelphone, bass clarinet
Don Grusin – keyboards
Jordan Rudess – keyboards
Tim Brumfield – piano, organ
Eugene Friesen – cello
Glen Velez – percussion, bendir, riq, tar, shaker
Café – percussion
Arto Tuncboyaciyan – vocals, percussion, sazabo
Dhruba Ghosh – sarangi
Steve Gorn –bansuri
Yukiko Matsuyama – koto
Eriko Koide – carillon
Yangjin Lamu – voice
Shumei Taiko Ensemble
Shumei Chorus conducted by Hiroko Matsui
Worcester Polytechnic Institute Chorus conducted by Wayne Abercrombie
References
2010 albums
Grammy Award for Best New Age Album
Living Music albums
Paul Winter Consort albums
Bob Burnet (born 18 February 1860), was a Scottish rugby union footballer of the 1880s, who played in Scotland for Hawick, and was selected to play at a representative level for the British Isles on the 1888 British Lions tour to New Zealand and Australia, the first tour by a team representing the British Isles. They and their brother Willie, are also notable for being the first set of siblings to tour together for the Lions.
Early life and career
Robert Burnet was born on 18 February 1860 in Hawick, Scotland to William Burnet and Joan (née Smith). Their father was a successful Boot and Shoemaker, employing a number of men at their firm in Hawick. Robert had a number of siblings including an older sister, Jane, and older brother James and two younger brothers, William. and John.
Domestic career
Bob Burnet played for six seasons for Hawick RFC up to 1888. They were captain of the club in the 1887 season and was also selected to play for their county side, Roxburgh. They were described as "a good sterling forward and a very hard worker in the mauls, and can always be relied upon turning out in good condition"
British Isles
The 1888 tour was organized by two cricket professionals, Arthur Shrewsbury and Alfred Shaw, and they selected Bob along with their brother Willie, making the siblings the first set to tour together for the Lions. Burnet was described as being vital to the Lions success as they played in 30 of the 35 matches, scoring one try against Queensland. Despite being a forward, their versatility was such that they also scored a conversion against Adelaide.
Later life
During the 1888 tour, after the Brisbane match, Robert made theirs made up to stay in Australia, whilst their fellow Hawick RFC teammates, William Burnet (his brother) and Alex Laing, returned to face questioning about their amateur status as soon as they returned. Robert Burnet went on to become a pioneer in the Queensland wool industry and settled down in Melbourne.
References
1862 births
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
Hawick RFC players
Roxburgh County RFU players
Rugby union forwards
Rugby union players from Hawick
Scottish rugby union players
Year of death missing
Norbert Dickel (born 27 November 1961 in Bad Berleburg) is a retired German football player. They spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Köln and Borussia Dortmund. They scored two goals in the final of the 1988–89 DFB-Pokal in 1989 for Borussia, helping them to obtain the first major trophy since 1966. They had to retire at 28 years of age due to injuries.
Since 1992 they are announcer in the stadium of Borussia Dortmund and since 2000 commentator for the internet-radio broadcasts of Borussia Dortmund games as well as representing the club on the road.
Honours
1. FC Köln
UEFA Cup runner-up: 1985–86
Borussia Dortmund
DFB-Pokal: 1988–89
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
German footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Sportfreunde Siegen players
1. FC Köln players
Borussia Dortmund players
Bundesliga players
Association football forwards
Borussia Dortmund non-playing staff
Sir Alfred Farthing Robbins (Launceston 1 August 1856 - 9 March 1931) was a British journalist, political biographer and freemason.
They were initiated in 1888 in Gallery Lodge No. 1928, which catered for members of the Press Gallery of the House of Commons, and in 1901 became Master of that lodge. As President of the Board of General Purposes from 1913 until their death, they were described as "the Prime Minister of English Freemasonry". London correspondent of the Birmingham Daily Post since 1888, they were president of the Institute of Journalists in 1908, and has been chairperson of its Orphan Fund since 1911.
Their portrait, painted by Philip Tennyson Cole, presented by the Institute of Journalists in 1931, is kept at Launceston Guildhall and Town Hall. They were a member of the National Liberal Club.
They married Ellen Pitt (born 1862 in Hitchin) in 1882, and was the father of Alfred Gordon Robbins, Helen Robbins, Alan Pitt Robbins, Grenville Robbins and Clifton Robbins (1890-1964), the journalist, barrister, and writer of golden age detective fiction.
Their wife Ellen was the daughter of Ann and John Pitt who ran the White Horse Pub, 19 High St, in Hitchin, Hertfordshire.
Works
Five Years of Tory Rule: A Lesson and a Warning (1879)
Practical politics; or, The liberalism of to-day (1888)
Launceston, Past and Present (1888)
The early public life of William Ewart Gladstone: four times prime minister (1894)
English-Speaking Freemasonry (1930)
References
1856 births
1931 deaths
Freemasons of the United Grand Lodge of England
English biographers
Knights Bachelor
People from Launceston, Cornwall
Oriental Plaza is a shopping mall in Johannesburg, South Africa. The name may also refer to:
O.P. Place, formerly known as Oriental Plaza, a shopping mall in Bangkok, Thailand
The Malls at Oriental Plaza, a shopping mall in Beijing, China
Henry Blackstone Banning (November 10, 1836 – December 10, 1881) was a lawyer and three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio, as well as an infantry officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career
Born in Bannings Mills, Ohio, Banning attended the Clinton district school, Mount Vernon Academy, and Kenyon College, Gambier, Ohio, where they stayed a short time before returning to Mount Vernon to study law in the office of Hosmer, Curtis & Devin. They were admitted to the bar in 1857 and commenced practice in Mount Vernon, Ohio.
Civil War service
With the outbreak of the Civil War, they enlisted in April 1861 in the Union Army as a private. They were commissioned as a captain in Company B of the 4th Ohio Infantry, on June 5, 1861. They served as colonel of the 87th Ohio Infantry (a three-month regiment), June 10-September 20, 1862.
Banning was honorably mustered out October 4, 1862. They reenlisted and was commissioned lieutenant colonel of the 125th Ohio Infantry on January 1, 1863. They transferred to the 121st Ohio Infantry on April 5, 1863, being promoted to colonel of that regiment on November 10, 1863. They took part in the battles of Rich Mountain, Romney, Blue Gap, Winchester, Cross Keys, Chickamauga, Buzzard's Roost, Resaca, Rome, Kennesaw Mountain, Dallas, Peachtree Creek, Jonesboro, and Nashville.
Postbellum career
They resigned from the army on January 21, 1865, to return home to Ohio. On January 16, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Banning for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866. On February 21, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Banning for appointment to the grade of brevet major general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on April 26, 1866.
Banning served as member of the State House of Representatives in 1866 and 1867. They moved to Cincinnati, in 1869 and resumed the practice of law. They were elected as a Liberal Republican to the Forty-third Congress and as a Democrat to the Forty-fourth Congress and Forty-fifth Congress, serving from (March 4, 1873 until March 3, 1879). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Military Affairs in the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Congresses.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1878 to the Forty-sixth Congress, and for election in 1880 to the Forty-seventh Congress. They then returned to their legal practice in Cincinnati.
Henry Banning died in Cincinnati on December 10, 1881. They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.  They are buried not far from their brother-in-law, fellow former Civil War general Byron Kirby.
Namesake
Camp 207, Ohio Sons of Union Veterans, was founded in 1903 and named in General Banning's honor and memory. It is still active in Mount Vernon, Ohio.
Banning was inducted to the Ohio Veteran's Hall of Fame in November 2004 by Ohio Governor Bob Taft. The Hall of Fame recognizes Buckeyes who continue to contribute to their community, state, and nation after their military service.
In 1868 they married Ida Kirby of Cincinnati, and had four children.
See also
List of American Civil War brevet generals (Union)
List of Ohio's American Civil War generals
Ohio in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Retrieved on 2008-02-12
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
External links
Camp Banning SUV
1836 births
1881 deaths
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army generals
Kenyon College alumni
People from Knox County, Ohio
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio Liberal Republicans
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Liberal Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters E and F. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
E
Çevik is a Turkish name and may refer to:
Given name
Çevik Bir (born 1939), Turkish general
Surname
Hakan Çevik (born 1976), Turkish Paralympic rifle shooter
İlayda Çevik (born 1994), Turkish actor
Okan Çevik (born 1966), Turkish basketball coach
Özgür Çevik (born 1981), Turkish singer
Ramazan Çevik (born 1992), Turkish-Belgian footballer
Suzan Çevik (born 1977), Turkish female Paralympic pistol shooter
Tolga Çevik (born 1974), Turkish actor
Yaşar Halit Çevik (born 1955), Turkish diplomat
Zafer Çevik (born 1984), Turkish footballer
Places
Çevik, Taşköprü, a village in Turkey
Turkish-language surnames
Turkish masculine given names
The men's 400 metre freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 1991 Pan American Games took place on 16 August. The last Pan American Games champion was Paul Robinson of US.
This race consisted of eight lengths of the pool, with all eight being in the freestyle stroke.
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
Final
The final was held on August 16.
References
Swimming at the 1991 Pan American Games
The Australian five-dollar note was first issued on 29 May 1967, fifteen months after the currency was changed from the pound to the dollar on 14 February 1966. It was a new denomination with mauve colouration – the pre-decimal system had no denomination with a value of £2½. The first polymer version of the note was introduced in 1992. A major design update was issued from 1 September 2016, with a minor update to the signatures in 2019.
Series
The first issue was a paper note which had a gradient of mauve, with a distinct black overprint. It was designed by Gordon Andrews, with Russell Drysdale as the Reserve Bank of Australia's artistic advisor. It featured portraits of Sir Joseph Banks and Caroline Chisholm, as well as elevations of Sydney streets from Joseph Fowles' "Sydney in 1848", the cover of the Shipping Gazette, a watercolour of the Waverley, and a handbill of a meeting of the Family Colonization Loan Society. All of these images were sourced from the State Library of New South Wales.
The first Polymer banknote issue, which can be recognised for its mauve colouration and numeral font, was first issued in pale mauve in 1992. A number of people found it difficult to distinguish it from the $10 banknote, especially in poor lighting conditions.
In 1995, a second polymer issue was issued, distinguishable by its deeper shade of mauve and a different font for the numeral.
A federation commemorative was issued in 2001 for that year only. Notes featured Sir Henry Parkes on the obverse and Catherine Helen Spence on the reverse.
On 1 September 2016 Next Generation Banknote (NGB) $5 was issued. The NGB series banknotes contain more security features than the previous series, including a clear top-to-bottom window.
Statistics
According to Reserve Bank statistics, at the end of June 2017 there were two hundred and eleven million five dollar banknotes in circulation, fourteen percent of the total banknotes in circulation; worth one thousand and fifty five million, or one percent of the total value for all denominations.
Leek has the greatest value, issued for two years only; and the 1990 Fraser/Higgens being issued for less than a year.
From 1967 to 1974, the title identifying the country was "Commonwealth of Australia" and there were 195,504,000 of these notes issued. The title identifying the country was then changed to "Australia" and from 1974 until the end of the issuance of paper currency for this denomination (in 1992), 978,068,318 of these notes were issued.
Design
On the 1995 design, Queen Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia at the time was on the obverse, along with eucalyptus (gum) leaves. There is a number 5 in the right hand corner of both sides. The word "Australia" is written to the bottom left of the Queen. Parliament House appears on the reverse. On the 2001 commemorative design, Sir Henry Parkes appears on the obverse and Catherine Helen Spence on the reverse.
On 12 April 2016, the Reserve Bank of Australia announced a new design for the 5-dollar banknote would be introduced into circulation on 1 September 2016, the fourth polymer $5 banknote issued since 1992. It is the first of a new series of banknotes that will feature a different species of Australian wattle and a native bird. The 5-dollar banknote has the prickly Moses wattle (Acacia verticillata subsp. ovoidea) and the Eastern Spinebill (Acanthorhynchus tenuirostris). It also features an image of the Federation Pavilion. The reverse features Parliament House, showing the mosaic forecourt designed by Kumantje Jagamara, called Possum and Wallaby Dreaming, as well as a plan of Parliament House.
The 2016 design was slightly updated in 2019, with new signatures for the Governor of the Reserve Bank and the Secretary to the Treasurer.
Security features
The paper design included a watermark of Captain James Cook in the white field. The same watermark was also used in the last issue of pound banknotes. A new feature of the decimal currency was metallic strip embedded within the paper of the note, first near the centre of the note, then from 1976 moved to the left side on the obverse of the note.
The polymer issue includes: a shadow image of the Australian coat of arms which is visible under other printing when the note is held up to light; a pointed star with four points on the obverse and three on the reverse that come together under light; a clear window that has a stylised gum flower showing; and raised print and micro printing of the denomination value.
Some features of the banknote glow under UV light. These features include the serial number and a square patch on the reverse of the note. There is also raised printing around the portraits and major design elements of the note which can be felt by rubbing the finger or fingernail against them.
Using Security Features to Spot Counterfeit Banknotes
It is worth noting you can detect a fake $5 banknote by using the security features. This article provides a full checklist of the aspects to look at when trying to sport a fake $5 Australian dollar bill.
References
Banknotes of Australia
Currencies introduced in 1967
Five-base-unit banknotes
Julia Mendes (born Prozeski, adopted von Anstetten and formerly Sander) is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love), played by Valerie Niehaus.  They are introduced in the series' premiere on 2 January 1995. They departed from the series in July 1997, when Niehaus decided to pursue other roles. The role was surprisingly recast with well-known actor Nina Bott in 2011; reinstating the Brandner family and the original story of the show. Bott appeared for the first time on-screen on 23 June 2011. They eventually finished shooting their story arc in October 2011 and last appeared on 18 January 2012. The character is known as the first protagonist of the show and their main story focuses around the incestuous love to their twin-brother Jan Brandner.
Storylines
Forbidden love
Even though Julia is the daughter of Arno Brandner, they believe for the first twenty years of their life that Christoph von Anstetten is their father and their son Henning their half-brother. After Julia returns from a trip in the abroad, the young countess returns home to celebrate their twentieth birthday with their family. On the airport, unknowingly to themselves they meet their twin-brother Jan and starts to fall in love with him. Julia's mother Clarissa finds out with whom their daughter got romantically involved with and tries to break Jan and Julia up without letting anyone know the real truth. Clarissa makes several attempts to reunite Julia with their former boyfriend Gero von Sterneck, who soon turns out to be gay before they and Julia can get married. Jan belongs in Julia's heart and even though the two doesn't seem to make it because of their different lives, they always find their way back to each other. Clarissa then has no other choice to come clean to Jan after they learned the truth from Fiona Beckmann. Jan promises to end things with Julia but stays furious with Clarissa. Julia is heartbroken when Jan leaves them and they try to take their own life by almost freezing to death in a cold winter night; mourning the loss of their great love.
Julia seems broken after they lost Jan and usually hasn't enough energy to get through the day. Christoph and Clarissa are worried about her, but don't know what to do. Christoph wants to try to get Jan back into Julia's life, but Clarissa sabotages the plan to protect their own lies. Julia then is diagnosed with leukemia. When they need a donor, Clarissa realizes that the truth might come out to save Julia's life. They tell Jan about Julia's condition, who wants to help their twin-sister in a heartbeat. The truth finally gets out and Julia is shocked by all the lies their mother told them for twenty years. Even though Julia wants to get to know Arno and their siblings, Florian and Susanne, they want to stay close to Christoph, who keeps being their dad. After Julia knows the truth and Jan seems back in their life, they have a hard time dealing with it. They always try to be close to him, which ends – more than once – almost in a kiss between brother and sister.
Fighting the love
With time Jan and Julia both try to move on with other people. Julia eventually meets Tim Sander and marries them sometime later. But because of the closeness that Jan and Julia still have and Tim's jealousy of that, the marriage is very soon a troubled one. When Julia gets pregnant, Clarissa sees their chance of ending the marriage between Tim and Julia and tells their son-in-law that Julia would be carrying Jan's child. Tim gets mad and Julia leaves town to get a clear head. They decide to fly to Lanzarote. Jan follows them and they two have a wonderful time together. They enjoy the refound closeness between them and Julia realizes that they still love Jan and always will. They decide to swimming, but never returns.
The rest is part of a big partly uncovered mystery. Jan tries to find Julia night and day and is sure that they have to be alive, while parts of their friends and family believe they committed suicide out of their forbidden love for Jan. As they think that Julia really could have died, they start a new life with girlfriend Kerstin Richter. But then Jan gets a mysterious letter from Julia, telling them she's alive and well and that they want them to follow to Spain, where they are living now. Jan is happy that Julia is alive, but wants to spare their sister and themselves with their forbidden feelings and decides to move to Paris with Kerstin.
Fearing the past
Julia respects Jan's decision and tries to move on as well. After they give birth to their son Timo, they marry Dr. Ricardo Mendes and starts a new life with them on Mallorca. Arno tries to reach out to their daughter in the following years, but as they always end up speaking about Jan, it hurts Julia so much that they banish their father from their life. In 2011, Arno and Julia haven't spoken in four years, they remember their children when an old portrait of the deceased Clarissa turns up. As Julia's birthday is coming up, Charlie can convince Arno to call their daughter. But as Julia reaches their message they delete it immediately. Julia fears their past, not knowing that not only a very much alive Clarissa, who spent the last ten years in a South American prison, is on the way to see them and their brother Jan is taken a job as a priest on the Spanish island. Ricardo soon realizes after Arno's call that Julia is missing their father and tells them that they would always be welcome to visit. As Julia can bring themselves to thank Arno for their call, she's inviting him. A very happy Arno takes the next flight and can finally put their arms around their daughter again. In the meanwhile, Clarissa is watching Julia with their family and tries to find out more about their life. For that they break into Julia and Ricardo's home and is seen by a shocked Arno. They tell them what happened to them and wants them to reunite them with Julia. Arno is strictly against it after what Clarissa has done to them and wants Clarissa to leave as soon as possible. But when Arno talks to Julia about Clarissa, they feel that they have many unanswered questions. However, Julia and Clarissa met for the first time again by accident and Julia is everything but happy to see their mother. They want Clarissa to stay away from them and specially away from Ricardo and Timo. Slowly, Julia thinks about their mother being alive that they maybe got a second chance since Clarissa seems to have changed. Julia grows closer to their parents again, while Jan has found out that Julia is living near by.
Secrets always come out
Clarissa and Arno eventually reunite with Jan and are afraid what Julia would do if they see Jan again. Even though Clarissa would like to reunite the family, they and Arno also fear the feelings the twins once shared for each other. When Jan and Julia see each other for the first time since Lanzarote, they hug each other and are happy that the other is well. But Jan also knows about Julia's feelings for them that are still present. Julia wants Jan to stay away to not put the happiness of their family in danger. Jan even tries to leave the island several times, but is always hold back. First by their daughter Leonie Richter and then by Julia herself. Jan and Julia try to have a friendly relationship with each other as Julia keeps Jan's true identity from Ricardo. As they see the twins in a close moment, they get jealous and thinks that Jan is after their wife. Julia has to explain that Jan is their brother. Ricardo is shocked by all the secrets Julia kept from them and so is Timo, who also finds out that Ricardo isn't their biological father. As Timo is asking after the man who created him, Julia lies to their son and tells them about a random guy they slept with. Timo is angry with their parents and is devastated to find out that Leonie, who they fell in love with, is their cousin. Ricardo and Julia start to have problems over Julia's secrets and a scheming Clarissa, who wants to control Ricardo, don't make things easier for them. Julia tries to keep their past with Jan to themselves and doesn't want to put their marriage in any more danger. But they and Jan grow closer again and they soon has to promise them that they are strong enough for the both of them to keep their feelings under control. Julia is trying to enjoy the time with their brother, but as soon as the two get close, Julia feels that they still love Jan with all their heart.
Ricardo slowly realizes that Jan and Julia's relationship isn't anything like one between brother and sister. Julia tells them the story of them being kept apart for the first twenty years of their lives, but holds back on how they met. As Ricardo sees for themselves what is going on between the twins, they punch Jan and wants them far away from their family. At that time, Clarissa already paid a maid to seduce Ricardo and keep their fall on tape. She's blackmailing them with the tape and wants them to allow Jan to stay. Ricardo, knowing that they could lose their family for good, agrees to Clarissa's scheme. But when it comes to the feelings Jan and Julia share for each other it's already too late. As the two share a kiss, Jan decides to leave the island, but Julia won't let them go and the two end up in bed together. As the twins are about to make love to each other, Timo walks in and sees their mother in bed with their brother. Disgusted by their mother's behavior they even have to ask themselves if Jan might be their biological father. Julia finally tells them the truth about their marriage with Tim and that they left Timo's father because of their love for Jan. Julia also has to tell them that Tim died several years ago – saying they committed suicide, even though Julia mentioned in a conversation with Clarissa that they know that Tanja von Anstetten murdered him.
Forbidden? It's still love
Alarmed that the twins almost had sex, Clarissa informs Arno and wants them to help. Arno arrives and finds their family in pieces as Ricardo knows everything and Timo is missing. Even though not knowing how to deal with the situation they all agree that they need to find Timo. This puts Jan on a search with Ricardo, where Jan tells them that they love Julia. The two end up fighting and Jan falling over a cliff, holding onto a rock. Jan begs Ricardo for help, but they see a chance to get rid of the man they hate. Timo arrives to the scene and tries to help Jan, eventually bringing Ricardo to help too. After Jan has been rescued, Clarissa and Arno want to talk with their children. But instead of realizing that things have gotten too far, Jan finally wants a life with Julia and asks them to go away with him. Arno is outraged and wants their son to be responsible, while Clarissa seems helpless in this situation. Jan tells their parents that they and Julia never really were brother and sister. They try to make them understand that they see each other as a man and a woman who love each other and can't do anything about that. Arno asks Jan what they expect and how a life with their sister would be possible in their mind, considering the two have children of their own now to think of. Jan feels that Arno is only involving Timo and Leonie, because they couldn't live with the possibility. Jan tells their father that they once disappeared out of their life and could do this again. In the meanwhile, Julia doesn't know what to do as Timo threatens them if they choose Jan they would be out of their life for good.
Julia ends their marriage with Ricardo, but wants them to know that they always cared for him, it just wouldn't be enough that's worth fighting for. A heartbroken Ricardo leaves their home and tells Arno to look out for their daughter so that they don't get manipulated by Clarissa again. Arno takes their promise seriously and tells Julia that Clarissa is secretly working on causing trouble for Tanja. Julia is outraged since Clarissa promised that they have changed and that this time around family would be more important to them They break all ties with Clarissa and tells them she's out of their life for good. Clarissa tries to explain that Tanja took everything from them and that they just couldn't let them get away with it. Julia won't listen but is on their mother's side one last time when they worry about Timo, who has found out that their father was murdered. Arno, Jan, Clarissa and Julia all agree that Timo can never find out that it was Tanja who murdered Tim Sander all those years ago. Anyway, Timo gets the information from Leonie's mother and can make the connection to Tanja. In the end, Clarissa tells them to stay away from Tanja and that they are responsible for their ten years in prison. As Julia finally wants to tell Timo the entire truth, it's too late and Timo tells their mother that she's dead to them after misinterpreting a scene between them and Jan. Julia tells Timo that they just told Jan goodbye and doesn't want to lose him. Timo moves out anyway and is planning to move in with Leonie. Julia is heartbroken and sits on the pool remembering Jan to a stone they gave them as a goodbye present. As the stone falls into the water, Julia wants to get it back and is stuck themselves in the end; fighting for their life. In the meanwhile, Jan has a weird feeling as they are about to leave the island and Julia's life forever. However, Timo comes to Julia's rescue and can save their mother. Glad that she's alright, Timo gives their mother free for a life with their great love, Jan. Julia and Jan reunite and finally can start a life together in Lanzarote.
References
External links
Adoptee characters in television
Fictional characters involved in incest
Fictional counts and countesses
Fictional photographers
Fictional twins
Television characters introduced in 1995
Verbotene Liebe characters
Henry Safford Neal (August 25, 1828 – July 13, 1906) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1877 to 1883.
Biography
Born in Gallipolis, Ohio, Neal attended the common schools.
They were graduated from Marietta College (Ohio) in 1847.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in approximately 1851 and commenced practice in Ironton, Ohio.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Lawrence County about 1851.
They served as member of the State senate from 1861 to 1863.
They were appointed consul to Lisbon, Portugal, in 1869.
By the resignation of the Minister Resident, they became Chargé d'Affaires in December 1869 and served until July 1870, when they resigned and returned to Ohio.
They served as delegate to the Ohio constitutional convention in 1873.
Congress
Neal was elected as a Republican to the Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1883).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on District of Columbia (Forty-seventh Congress).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1882.
Later career
They resumed the practice of their profession at Ironton, Ohio.
They were appointed Solicitor of the Treasury by President Arthur and served from July 3, 1884, to April 13, 1885, when a successor was appointed by President Cleveland.
They again resumed the practice of law.
Death
They died in Ironton, Ohio, July 13, 1906.
They were interred in Woodland Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1828 births
1906 deaths
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1873)
Ohio state senators
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American diplomats
People from Gallipolis, Ohio
People from Ironton, Ohio
Marietta College alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
"Nace" () is a song by Colombian pop and electronic singer-songwriter Anasol. The song was released on 2006 as the second and final single from their eponymous third studio album Anasol (2005). The song was written, produced and recorded by Anasol and David Cardenas, and the music video was directed by Gustavo Garzon,. It was nominated for video of the year in Premios Lo Nuestro 2006.
Music video
The accompanying colorful music video for 'Nace' was directed by Gustavo Garzon, who also directed their Sentimiento video the same year. It was filmed in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 2005. the music video is highly inspired in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, the choreography of the music video was made by Anasol. It was released in 2005 in the US and 2006 in Latin America. The music video was nominated in the Spanish-language awards show Premios Lo Nuestro 2006 for video of the year but lost to Luis Fonsi 'Nada es para siempre'.
Track listing
References
2006 singles
Anasol songs
2005 songs
Combate is a Peruvian reality show, first adaptation from Combate Ecuador, led by Renzo Schuller and Gian Piero Diaz, which premiered on June 27, 2011 by Andina de Televisión. In its initial stage, it consisted of two teams, "Green" and "Red": they faced to be the champion of the season. In its fifth season, it was formed by four teams called nations, representing the four elements: "Water", "Earth", "Fire" and "Air". The program used an "Iron Throne", a similar object used in the television series Game of Thrones, as the main objective for which they fight, and used the theme of the animated series Avatar: The Last Airbender, by using the four elements and their symbols for each team. However, midseason had the "merger tournament" where 4 nations merged into two teams and returned to the "Green" and "Red" was conducted.
Seasons
The first season aired from June 27 to October 27, 2011. This season reached a low average sintonía audience. The winner was the "Green Team", consisting of: Miguel Rebosio, Macs Cayo, Jeddah Eslava and Stefano Tosso. They told Sandra Arana as a reporter.
The second season began on October 28, 2011 and ended on August 3, 2012. The winner was the "Red Team", consisting of : Julián Zucchi, Jeddah Eslava, Mario Irivarren, Alejandro Benitez "Zumba", Sheyla Rojas and Michael Finseth.
The third season began on August 6, 2012 and ended on August 8, 2013. The winner was the "Green Team", consisting of: Mario Hart, Alejandra Baigorria, Israel Dreyfus, Diana Sánchez, David Zegarra and Jeddah Eslava; Alejandra Baigorria of the green team and the red team's Mario Irivarren won the title of the best fighters remaining; finalists Diana Sanchez and Israel Dreyfus both of the green team.
The fourth season aired again from January 13 to May 16, 2014, with the name "Combat: Xtreme summer". The winner was the "Red Team", consisting of: Karen Dejo, Mario Irivarren, Paloma Fiuza, Ernest Jiménez, Ximena Holes y Andrés Gaviño, this last in understudy of Erick Sabater.
Controversies
The similarities of this program format has its competition in the schedule, ¡Esto es guerra! (This Is War!), which began in May 2012; they have led many fans for Combat labeled as "copy" of the program of America Producer Marisol Televisión. Crousillat It is said that war copied to Combat 18 turn Gian Piero Diaz and Renzo Schuller openly expressed their displeasure at cámaras. However, Mariana Ramirez del Villar, producer of This Means War, dismissed the allegations, saying they are "slaps strangled" because they earned in audiencia.Esta situation has not changed since 2014; This is because war is the leader in your schedule and leave far behind Combat, you get far fewer entries than the American program TV20.
The Chilean presenter Calle 7, Jean Philippe Cretton program, during one of the issues on its agenda expressed anger over the similarities between the formats of Peru, Costa Rica and Ecuador, saying Calle 7 itself is an original format, accusing "copycat others" programs.
In March 2013, a social request lodged in the Change.org website and addressed to Indecopi, requested the signing of 545 thousand citizens to the realities Combate and ¡Esto es guerra! (This is War!) and respect the protection zone menor 22. Both realities have received considerable criticism through social networks, cataloging of "trash TV"
The lack of knowledge of the participants to answer questions of general culture has been criticized on social networks, and also by journalist Beto Ortiz. La Paloma Fiuza participant told reporters: "The production asks us wrong by rating The accuracy of romances displayed on this reality show has been questioned several times by the press local. Another fact which led many criticisms from users of social networks was the live birth the son of the participant Sheyla Rojas.
This program has attracted acid and ironic criticism of Internet personalities as vlogger Andy'n'Sane.
References
2011 Peruvian television series debuts
2015 Peruvian television series endings
Martial arts television series
Peruvian reality television series
2010s Peruvian television series
Spanish-language television shows
ATV (Peruvian TV channel) original programming
Ruth Jacott (born 2 September 1960 in Paramaribo) is a Surinamese-Dutch singer.
Jacott transitioned from musical theatre to popular music in 1993, when they represented the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993. Them song, "Vrede" (Peace), was one of the favorites to win, and ended up ranking sixth out of 25 at Millstreet. They have since released nine Dutch-language albums, four of which made the Top Ten on the Dutch music charts.
Biography
Ruth Jacott was born in Suriname and at nine, moved with their family to The Netherlands, where at 17 they took part in a talent contest, after which they received many offers to perform. They dropped out of the Hilversum Conservatory and began their career with The Vips and bands like The Skymasters, the VARA-Dansorkest and the Metropole Orkest.
Breakthrough
In 1988, Jacott won the Knokke Festival in Belgium. After this success, they had many offers to work in the musical world. They landed key roles in Dutch and German-language productions of Cats and A Night at the Cotton Club, touring The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Switzerland. In 1989, Jacott received the Zilveren Harp (Silver Harp) award. One year later, they sang the duet "Tegyo Makandra" with Hans Vermeulen, in commemoration of a plane crash in Paramaribo, the capital of Suriname. The duet was also released after the 1992 crash of an El Al flight in the Bijlmer (southeast Amsterdam), and became a hit.
In 1993, their career took an important turn when they were asked to represent The Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Festival in Ireland. They received 92 points and ranked No. 6 with the song "Vrede" (Peace).
Them Dutch-language debut album Ruth Jacott was released shortly afterwards. In July, they had a big hit together with Paul de Leeuw with the duet "Blijf bij mij" (Stay with me). They sang this song solo during the Dutch heat of Eurovision. In Spring 1994, their second album "Hou me vast" (Hold me tight) came out and went double platinum in the Dutch market. In addition, they collaborated on albums with Gerard Joling, René Froger and Oscar Harris. With the charity single Buseruka, written together with listeners of Dutch radio station 3FM, they were able to collect donations for UNICEF and Oxfam Novib projects in Rwanda.
Them third album "Geheimen" (Secrets) was released in 1995 and went gold. They performed shows in major Dutch theaters, but became exhausted and needed to rest their voice. In February 1997, they were honored with a "Golden Harp" award. Two months later, their album Hartslag (Heartbeat) was released, which was also successful and was followed by another tour.
The compilation album Altijd Dichtbij (Always close) was released in 1998 and contained a selection of five years of hits. They sang the theme song of the Dutch film Kruimeltje.
2000s
In 2000, they had operation on their vocal cords. Once they recovered, they embarked on a new theater-tour. Them album Vals verlangen (False desire) went gold and in October, they performed at Amsterdam's Carré Theater which was filmed by TV network RTL 4 and recorded for CD release.
In 2002, the album Tastbaar (Tangible) was released and the single Onderhuids (Under my skin). Both were produced by Humphrey Campbell and the Dutch singing duo Fluitsma & Van Tijn. Two years later, the duet Nu Is Het Over (Now it's over) with Mark Dakriet (Re-Play) was released.
In 2004, the compilation CD Het Beste Van Ruth Jacott''' (The best of Ruth Jacott) was released.
In the 2005–06 Dutch theater season, Ruth was again in Dutch theaters with their show A Touch of Latin in which they sang both in Dutch and Spanish, with some numbers reworked in a Latin style. By popular demand, the tour was prolonged and followed by a second tour in the 2006–07 season.
In 2008, Jacott played the title role in the musical Billie Holiday about the legendary African American singer. Them performance was well received by both critics and the public. On 2 June 2008, they received the Dutch Musical Award for "Best Female Lead in a Small Musical". In December, Ruth appeared with their own Christmas show, which was also well received.
On 23 March 2009, the single Jammer, maar helaas (Too bad) was released from their Latin double-CD Passie (Passion), which followed on 20 April 2009. CD 1 contained the original-language versions and CD 2 the Dutch-language versions. Passie was promoted with another tour starting in autumn of 2009.
2010s
In 2010, Jacott was a guest at the "Toppers" concert in the Amsterdam ArenA, where a quartet of well-known Dutch-language pop singers performed a high-camp show and where other top Dutch musical stars appeared as special guests. Jacott played a supporting role in 't Spaanse Schaep (The Spanish Sheep) as Jopie Vrijman. In June 2010, Jacott climbed Alpe d'Huez for the Radio 2 team on Radio 2's evening commute show "Knooppunt Kranenbarg" (Kranenbarg Junction). In 2016, they participated in the song-exchange-programme Ali B op volle toeren; Jacott was paired to rapper I Am Aisha who reworked Vrede.
Starting in February 2011, Jacott can be seen in their one-woman show Simply the Best, in which they perform songs and tells their life story in between the songs. On 4 October, they released a new single duet with Edsilia Rombley called "Uit Het Oog, Niet Uit Mijn Hart".
Discography
Albums
|-
|align="left"|Ruth Jacott||1993||1 May 1993||30||23|| Platinum
|-
|align="left"|Hou me vast||1994||14 May 1994||2||80|| 2× Platinum
|-
|align="left"|Geheimen||1995||14 October 1995||8||40|| Gold
|-
|align="left"|Hartslag||1997||12 April 1997||2||35|| Platinum
|-
|align="left"|Altijd dichtbij: De hitcollectie||1998||7 March 1998||11||16|| Compilation
|-
|align="left"|Vals verlangen||1999||1 May 1999||6||16|| Gold
|-
|align="left"|Live in Carré||2000||2 December 2000||44||13|| Live album
|-
|align="left"|Tastbaar||2002||16 November 2002||28||9||
|-
|align="left"|Het beste van Ruth Jacott||2004||13 March 2004||23||14|| Compilation
|-
|align="left"|Passie||17 April 2009||25 April 2009||13||18||
|-
|align="left"|A tribute to Billie Holiday||2010||20 November 2010||41||3|| with the Metropole Orkest dir. by Michael Abene
|-
|align="left"|Simply the Best||2012||15 Maart 2012||20||12|| Live album
|-
|align="left"|Ik Adem Je In||2014||03 Oktober 2014 ||09||11||
|-
|align="left"|RUTH LIVE - EP||2020||30 April 2020||49||09|| Live ep
|}
Singles
|-
|align="left"|Teygo Makandra||1989||19 May 1990||tip17||-|| met Hans Vermeulen / No. 60 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Teygo Makandra||1992||24 October 1992||20||4|| met Hans Vermeulen / re-release / No. 27 in de Single Top 100 / Alarmschijf|-
|align="left"|Vrede||1993||15 May 1993||16||7|| Eurovisiesongfestival / No. 16 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Blijf bij mij||1993||3 July 1993||5||10|| met Paul de Leeuw / No. 5 in de Single Top 100 / Alarmschijf|-
|align="left"|Onderweg naar morgen||1994||5 February 1994||24||5|| Tune voor de soap Onderweg Naar Morgen / No. 15 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Vrij met mij||1994||23 April 1994||25||6|| No. 19 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Buseruka (Lied voor Rwanda) / Ik kan echt zonder jou||1994||16 July 1994||8||12|| No. 8 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Ik hou zoveel van jou (Rad van fortuin)||1994||15 October 1994||33||3|| No. 30 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Zon voor de maan||1994||17 December 1994||tip18||-||
|-
|align="left"|You've got a friend||1995||9 September 1995||3||6|| met Marco Borsato & René Froger / No. 3 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Ik ga door||1995||30 September 1995||20||5|| No. 24 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Kippevel||1995||25 November 1995||tip11||-||
|-
|align="left"|Hij gaat voor C!||1997||8 February 1997||3||8|| als BN'ers voor BNN / No. 3 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Hartslag||1997||5 April 1997||32||6|| No. 39 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Altijd dichtbij||1997||5 July 1997||tip2||-|| Ter promotie van KPN telefonie / No. 49 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Liefde of lust||1997||18 October 1997||tip16||-|| No. 81 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Wat jij wil||1997||-|||||| No. 76 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Het laatste moment||1998||-|||||| No. 86 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Leun op mij||1999||27 March 1999||11||11|| No. 13 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Kop dicht en kus me||1999||-|||||| No. 92 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Kruimeltje||1999||-|||||| Titelsong Kruimeltje / No. 85 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Waar ben je nou?||2000||-|||||| No. 68 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Onderhuids||2002||-|||||| No. 93 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Nu het over is||2004||-|||||| met Mark / No. 37 in de Single Top 100
|-
|align="left"|Als je iets kan doen||6 January 2005||15 January 2005||1(4wk)||9|| als Artiesten voor Azië / No. 1 in de Single Top 100 / Alarmschijf|-
|align="left"|Jammer maar helaas||2009||-||||||
|-
|align="left"|Seki Marinda||2009||-||||||
|-
|align="left"|Kom dans met mij||2009||-||||||
|-
|align="left"|Terug bij mij||2009||-||||||
|-
|align="left"|Uit Het Oog, Niet Uit Mijn Hart''||4 October 2011||-||TBD||||
|}
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Surinamese women singers
21st-century Dutch women singers
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for the Netherlands
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1993
Surinamese emigrants to the Netherlands
People from Paramaribo
The 420th Bombardment Squadron was unit in the United States Army Air Forces. Its last assignment was with 382d Bombardment Group stationed at Camp Anza, California. It was inactivated on 4 January 1946 without seeing combat.
History
The squadron was activated in early 1942 as a B-24 Liberator reconnaissance unit. It was redesignated as a heavy bomber Operational Training Unit (OTU), later becoming a Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for deployed combat units, assigned to II Bomber Command, then to III Bomber Command in 1943. The squadron was inactivated in April 1944 when heavy bomber training ended.
The 420th Bombardment Squadron was redesignated as a B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment Squadron in August 1944. The squadron was trained under the Second Air Force. Training was considerably delayed due to equipment shortages. They received B-29 aircraft in Kansas in late spring 1945. The ground echelon deployed to Northern Mariana Islands by ship in early August 1945; air echelon remained at the last training base in Kansas after Japanese Capitulation. The ground echelon remained in Marianas supporting other units aircraft and demobilization; the air echelon demobilized with new B-29 aircraft remaining in Kansas, eventually being assigned to postwar units. The entire unit inactivated by December 1945.
On 19 September 1985 the 420th Bombardment Squadron(Very Heavy), (an Inactive Squadron, that was last active 4 January 1946), was consolidated with the 920th Air Refueling Squadron, Heavy. This action was directed by Department of the Air Force Letter DAF/MPM 662q Attachment 1 (Active Units), 19 September 1985.
Lineage
Constituted 30th Reconnaissance Squadron (Heavy) on 28 January 1942
Redesignated 420th Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) on 22 April 1942
Activated on 1 June 1942
Inactivated on 10 April 1944
Redesignated 420th Bombardment Squadron (Very Heavy) on 4 August 1944
Activated on 19 September 1944
Inactivated on 4 January 1946
Assignments
302d Bombardment Group, 1 Jun 1942 – 10 Apr 1944
382d Bombardment Group, 19 Sep 1944 – 4 Jan 1946.
Stations
Geiger Field, Washington, 1 June 1942
Davis–Monthan Field, Arizona, 23 June 1942
Wendover Field, Utah, 30 July 1942
Pueblo Army Air Base, Colorado, 1 October 1942;
Davis–Monthan Field, Arizona, 1 December 1942
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, 29 January 1943
Langley Field, Virginia, 17 December 1943
Chatham Army Airfield, Georgia, 10 Feb-io Apr 1944,
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, 19 September 1944
Smoky Hill Army Airfield, Kansas, 11 Dec 1944 – 1 Aug 1945
Guam, 8 September 1945 (ground echelon only; air echelon remained in US until inactivation)
Tinian, c. Oct-15 Dec 1945 (ground echelon only)
Camp Anza, California, 28 Dec 1945 – 4 Jan 1946.
Aircraft
B-24 Liberator, 1942–1944
B-29 Superfortress, 1945
References
Military units and formations established in 1942
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Esko Nikkari (23 November 1938 – 17 December 2006) was a prolific Finnish actor who made more than 70 appearances on film and television. They were born in Lapua, and made their screen debut in 1974 in the movie Karvat.
Nikkari was a workhorse of the Kaurismäki brothers, with whom they first worked on Rikos ja rangaistus in 1983. Their last role with Aki Kaurismäki was in Man without a Past in 2002. They starred in the 1994 film Aapo opposite actors such as Taisto Reimaluoto, Ulla Koivuranta and Kai Lehtinen. More recently, they have appeared in a number of Timo Koivusalo films such as Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa (2005), which is the last full-length movie they appeared in. They died in Seinäjoki.
Filmography
Film
Syöksykierre (1981) - Kalevi
Poste restante (1982)
Arvottomat (1982) - Hagström
Koomikko (1983) - Potilas
Rikos ja Rangaistus (1983) - Inspector Pennanen
Klaani - tarina Sammakoitten suvusta (1984) - Poliisietsivä
Niskavuori (1984) - Nikulan isäntä
Hei kliffaa hei (1985) - Poliisi
Shadows in Paradise (1986) - Co-worker (työkaveri)
Macbeth (1987) - Einari
Jäähyväiset presidentille (1987) - Businessman at the Restaurant
Tilinteko (1987) - Timo Varjola
Hamlet Goes Business (1987) - Polonius
Pohjanmaa (1988) - Paavo Hakala
Ariel (1988) - Autokauppias
Ihmiselon ihanuus ja kurjuus (1988) - Manager at Restaurant
Cha Cha Cha (1989) - Policeman
Talvisota (1989) - Private Yrjö 'Ylli' Alanen
The Match Factory Girl (1990) - Stepfather
Rampe & Naukkis - Kaikkien aikojen superpari (1990) - Older Cop
Veturimiehet heiluttaa (1992) - Trainman Kauno Saario
Vääpeli Körmy ja etelän hetelmät (1992) - Pohjalainen talonostaja
Papukaijamies (1992) - Constable Palmunen
Pekko aikamiespoika (1993) - poliisi Reino
Kaikki pelissä (1994) - Rural Police Chief Louhela
Aapo (1994) - Maanviljelysneuvos
Pekko ja poika (1994) - Reino, poliisi
Kivenpyörittäjän kylä (1995) - Jalmari
Pekko ja massahurmaaja (1995) - Reino, poliisi
Drifting Clouds (1996) - Ravintolapäällikkö
Pekko ja muukalainen (1996) - Reino Kuovi, poliisi
Tie naisen sydämeen (1996) - Cab Driver Lehtonen
The Minister of State (1997) - Judge
Vaiennut kylä (1997) - Jarva, police officer
Pekko ja unissakävelijä (1997) - Reino Kuovi, poliisi
Kuningasjätkä (1998) - Hannes
Rikos & Rakkaus (1999) - Kasimir 'Kassu' Vartio
The Swan and the Wanderer (1999) - Veikko
Juha (1999) - Nimismies
Lakeuden kutsu (1999) - Paavo Hakala
Hurmaava joukkoitsemurha (2000) - Sakari Piippo
Pieni pyhiinvaellus (2000) - Pappi
Rentun ruusu (2001) - Väiski
Ponterosa (2001) - Maalaisisäntä
The Man Without a Past (2002) - Bank Robber
Umur (2002) - Samanmoinen
Sibelius (2003) - Red Soldier #2
Vieraalla maalla (2003) - Beadle
Shadow of the Eagle (2005) - Aaro's father
Isiä ja Hirviöitä (2005, Video short) - Vaari (final film role)
Television
Lentsu (1990) - Autoilija Toivo Kesseli
Hyvä veli (1995) - Matti Yli-Niemi
Maigret en Finlande (1996) - Liikanen
Kotikatu (1997-1998) - Pajala
Team Ahma (1998) - Tiepalvelupäällikkö
Kylmäverisesti sinun (2000–2002) - Patologi / Oikeuslääkäri
Awards and recognitions
Humanismin käsi Award 1988
Jussi Award 1991
External links
1938 births
2006 deaths
People from Lapua
Finnish male actors
Deaths from cancer in Finland
Arb Manaj (born 23 July 1998) is a Kosovan professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Croatian club Slaven Belupo.
Club career
Dukagjini
Manaj at the age of 6 started playing football in Dukagjini. They before the start of the 2015–16 season was promoted to first team of First Football League of Kosovo club Dukagjini and suffered an ACL injury, two minutes after the start of the match against Ferizaj in third matchday of 2015–16 First Football League of Kosovo. After ten months, Manaj returned from injury, and in the next ten games they scored five goals and assisted three times.
Trepça '89
On 22 July 2017, Manaj joined with Football Superleague of Kosovo club Trepça '89.
Ankara Keçiörengücü
On 5 October 2020, Manaj signed a three-year contract with TFF First League club Ankara Keçiörengücü. Twelve days later, they made their debut in a 1–2 away win against Ümraniyespor after being named in the starting line-up. On 4 November 2020, Manaj scored their first goals for Ankara Keçiörengücü in their third appearance for the club in a 6–0 home win over Büyükçekmece Tepecikspor in 2020–21 Turkish Cup third round.
Loan at Balıkesirspor
On 1 February 2021, Manaj was loaned to TFF First League side Balıkesirspor until the end of the season. Six days later, they made their debut in a 3–0 home win against Akhisarspor after being named in the starting line-up. Seven days after debut, Manaj scored their first goal for Balıkesirspor in their second appearance for the club in a 1–1 away draw over Menemenspor in TFF First League.
Loan at Bandırmaspor
On 9 August 2021, Manaj joined TFF First League side Bandırmaspor, on a season-long loan. Five days later, they made their debut in a 0–2 away win against Denizlispor after coming on as a substitute at 81st minute in place of Guy-Michel Landel.
Slaven Belupo
On 26 July 2022, Manaj signed a two-year contract with Croatian Football League club Slaven Belupo. Their debut with Slaven Belupo came on 14 August in a 0–1 away win against Rijeka after coming on as a substitute at 60th minute in place of Marko Žuljević.
International career
Youth
Albania U19
On 30 December 2014, Manaj received a call-up from Albania U19 for the unofficial friendly match against Italy U18, but they were an unused substitute in that match.
Kosovo U21
On 11 November 2019, Manaj received a call-up from Kosovo U21 for the 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification match against Austria U21. On 4 September 2020, they made their debut with Kosovo U21 in a 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification match against England U21 after being named in the starting line-up.
Senior
On 24 December 2019, Manaj received a call-up from Kosovo for the friendly match against Sweden, and made their debut after coming on as a substitute at 84th minute in place of Elbasan Rashani. On 8 June 2021, Manaj scored their first goal for Kosovo in their second appearance for the country in a 1–2 home defeat over Guinea.
Career statistics
Club
International
|+ List of international goals scored by Arb ManajScores and results list Kosovo's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Manaj goal.
|-
|1.
|8 June 2021
|Arslan Zeki Demirci Sports Complex, Manavgat, Turkey
|
|align="center"|1–2
|align="center"|1–2
|Friendly
|
|}
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Klina
Sportspeople from Peja
Association football forwards
Kosovan footballers
Kosovo under-21 international footballers
Kosovo international footballers
Kosovan expatriate footballers
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Albanian footballers
Albania youth international footballers
Albanian expatriate footballers
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Football Superleague of Kosovo players
KF Trepça'89 players
TFF First League players
Ankara Keçiörengücü S.K. footballers
Balıkesirspor footballers
Bandırmaspor footballers
Ümraniyespor footballers
Croatian Football League players
NK Slaven Belupo players
This is a list of Qawmi Madrasahs in Bangladesh.
Dhaka Division
Dhaka District
Islamic Research Center Bangladesh, Bashundhara, Dhaka
Jamia Qurania Arabia Lalbagh, Dhaka
Jamia Shari'ah Malibag, Dhaka
Sheikh Zakariyyah Islamic Research Center, Dhak
Jamia Dinia Islamia Girls Madrasa
Narayanganj District
Shendi Ashraful Ulum Madrasa And Orphanage, Shendi, Araihazar, Narayanganj
Chittagong Division
Brahmanbaria District
Jamiah Islamiah Yunusia Brahmanbaria
Chittagong District
Al-Jamiah Al-Islamiah Obaidia Nanupur
Al-Jamiah Al-Islamiah Patiya
Al-Jamiatul Ahlia Darul Ulum Moinul Islam
Al Jameatul Arabia Lil Banina Wal Banat, Haildhar, Anwara
Al-Jamiatul Islamiah Azizul Uloom Babunagar
Al-Jamiatul Arabia Lil Baneena Wal Banaat Haildhar
Jamia Darul Ma'arif Al-Islamia
Jamiatul Uloom Al-Islamia Lalkhan Bazar
Chandpur District
Jamia Islamia Ibrahimia
Sylhet Division
Sylhet District
Jamia Tawakkulia Renga Madrasah
Jamia Madania Angura Mohammadpur
Mymensingh Division
Mymensingh District
Jamia Mohammadia Tahfijul Quran Madrasa
References
Bibliography
Deobandi Islamic universities and colleges
Lists of Islamic universities and colleges
Bangladesh education-related lists
Deobandi-related lists
Avoca is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Marshall Township, Lawrence County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 583.
History
Avoca was platted in 1819. The community likely took its name after the River Avoca, which was mentioned in a poem by Thomas Moore. The Avoca post office was established in 1856.
Geography
Avoca is located in northwestern Lawrence County at , in the southwest corner of Marshall Township. Indiana State Road 37 runs along the eastern edge of the community, leading north to Bloomington and south to Bedford, the Lawrence county seat. State Road 58 passes through the center of Avoca, joining SR 37 southbound but leading west to Owensburg. State Road 54 has its eastern terminus at SR 37 and leads northwest to Bloomfield.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Avoca census-designated place has an area of , all of it recorded as land. The community is in the valley of Goose Creek, which flows southeast to Salt Creek, part of the White River watershed.
Avoca Park
The Avoca State Fish Hatchery was built in 1819 and first served as a grist mill until 1919, when it was purchased by the DNR, who began building ponds in 1923. The Hatchery stocked Indiana's waters with fish for years until it was decommissioned by the DNR in 2013 and fell into disrepair. Bedford Mayor Shawna Girgis asked Bedford Park Director, Barry Jeskewich, to restore this historical location for Lawrence County. Barry Jeskewich partnered with James Farmer, Indiana University Substaining Hoosier Communities to obtain a grant to preserve this beloved green space for the surrounding community.
Avoca State Fish Hatchery was renamed Avoca Park and Recreation and is now in the hands of the local community.
Demographics
References
Sources
“IU Farmer-Jeskewich Final Report”
Footnotes
Irish-American culture in Indiana
Census-designated places in Lawrence County, Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
Elswout is a historical buitenplaats (summer residence) dating from the 19th century in a park by the same name in Overveen, Netherlands.
History
The Elswout site was a buitenplaats for a long time before the current construction began. The original house (of which the structural wall's are incorporated in the current 19th century house) was built by a merchant dealing with Russia, called Carl du Moulin in circa 1633-1635. The design is attributed to Jacob van Campen and Pieter Post. After Du Moulin went bankrupt the estate was sold in 1654 to Gabriel Marcelis, an Amsterdam arms merchant for the King of Denmark, who called the estate 'Elswout' (meaning: Alderwood). Like Du Moulin, they used it as a summer home while selling the sand to be shipped by boat to Amsterdam for construction. In the Frans Hals Museum 17th-century depictions of Elswout by Gerrit Berckheyde and Jan van der Heyden are on display.
By removing the sand in the dunes on their property, Gabriel Marselis was able to lay out a garden in the French style while financing this from the profits on the sand. Though the still existing "sand vaart" canal was originally constructed for Carl du Moulin, it is called the Marcelisvaart today after the rules that Marcelis drew up for the diggers and boatsmen on their property. Removing sand from the property was only halted in 1948 when the level of the garden was considered dangerously low by the water board.
In the years 1781-1794 the garden was redesigned in the English Landscape style by Mr. Jacob Boreel. During a short period afterwards Elswout was for rent, attracting Haarlem artists, who took their sketch books with them into the gardens. One of those artists was Egbert van Drielst.
In 1805 the neglected estate was bought by the broker Willem Borski, who had close business relations with the Barings Bank and Hope & Co. After their death their widow Johanna Borski became not only the owner of Elswout, but also one of the most important bankers in Dutch history for co-founding and rescuing De Nederlandsche Bank in its early years.
The main building seen today was designed in Italian high renaissance style in 1883 by C Muysken for their grandson, the rich banker Willem Borski III, but construction was stopped in 1884 when Borski died childless, and the house was never completed, remaining a folly until World War II when the German occupying forces put a provisional roof on the building for use as a garrison.
The park surrounding the main house contains various follies that are also protected in the heritage register, as are the gatekeeper's entrance, the orangerie, and the stables. Today there are plans to restore the building according to the original plans.
Today the park is open to the public and the Orangerie has a restaurant that can be rented for weddings and other events.
References
Elswout website
Rijksmonuments in North Holland
Bloemendaal
Montgomery Mall can refer to the following:
Montgomery Mall (Alabama) in Montgomery, Alabama
Montgomery Mall (Pennsylvania) in North Wales, Pennsylvania
The former name of Westfield Montgomery in Montgomery County, Maryland
Our Lady Help of Christians Historic District encompasses a complex of Roman Catholic religious buildings in the Nonantum village of Newton, Massachusetts. It includes four fine examples of brick Gothic Revival architecture: the church, convent, and rectory, as well as Trinity Catholic High School. The first three buildings were designed by noted ecclesiastical architect James Murphy, and were built between 1873 and 1890. The high school building was built in 1924, also in the Gothic Revival style. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Description and history
Our Lady Help of Christians is located on a large parcel at the northwest corner of Washington and Adams Streets, just north of the Massachusetts Turnpike. The church is located nearest this corner, oriented south toward Washington Street. The rectory is located to its west, and the convent to its north. The school complex extends northward from Washington Street, to the left of the rectory and behind the convent, with the 1924 high school building at the front, and a 1960 elementary school at the rear.
The congregation was founded in 1872, and was originally known as St. Brendan's. It was established to cater to the growing Irish Catholic population in the Nonantum/Newton Corner area. The church was designed by Providence-based ecclesiastical architect James Murphy, and construction took two years (1873–75), hampered by funding difficulties and the death in a fall of its principal brickworker. Due to defects in the construction, the building underwent a major renovation in 1900 that added further supports to the walls, as well as the facade with three Gothic porches. The rectory, also a Murphy design, was added in then 1880s
The first convent was built on the site in 1890, replaced just three years later by the present Colonial Revival structure. A three-story elementary school was built in 1892-93 (demolished in 1960), with the high school following in 1924. The present elementary school building was built about the same time the old one was demolished. The high school closed in 2012, and the space is now occupied by a secular private school. The elementary school building now houses the Newton School for Children, a private preschool and day care center.
See also
List of churches in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Newton, Massachusetts
Roman Catholic churches in Massachusetts
Historic districts in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Churches in Newton, Massachusetts
James Murphy (architect) buildings
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Erik Lefebvre (born July 16, 1986) is a Canadian soccer player who last played for Charlotte Eagles in the USL Second Division.
Career
College and amateur
Lefebvre attended Béatrice-Desloges High School and played amateur soccer in Canada for the Cumberland Cobras and the Ottawa Royals as a teenager, leading the Royals to the Ontario Cup Championship in 2004.
They played college soccer at Houghton College, where they were an All-AMC North Division first team member and first-year student of the year in 2005, as well as NAIA All-American second team and All-AMC North Division first team member in 2006.
During their collegiate years Lefebvre also played two seasons for Ottawa Fury in the Premier Development League.
Professional
Following their graduation, and after spending time training with Canadian professional side Ottawa Wizards and Troyes AC in France, Lefebvre joined Charlotte Eagles of the USL Second Division in 2009 as backup to first choice goalkeeper Kevin Trapp. They made their debut in Charlotte's last game of the 2009 regular season on August 15, 2009, playing 90 minutes in a 3-0 victory over the Western Mass Pioneers.
Lefebvre took over as Interim Director of Goalkeeping for Charlotte Soccer Academy in 2011.
This year Erik Lefebvre will return for their third season as the Goalkeeper Coach
References
External links
Charlotte Eagles profile
Ottawa Fury profile
1986 births
Living people
Canadian soccer players
USL Second Division players
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Charlotte Eagles players
Ottawa Fury (2005–2013) players
Soccer players from Ottawa
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL League Two players
Houghton College alumni
Association football goalkeepers
Security of tenure, leaving a judge free from improper influence resulting from an unjustified threat of removal, is generally said to be an important feature of judicial independence in Australia. The emergence of responsible government in the Australian colonies in the 19th century saw the emergence of judicial independence, such that by Federation in 1901, federal judges and supreme court judges accused of judicial misconduct could, generally, only be removed from office as a result of an address passed by the relevant houses of parliament.
References
Security
Judicial misconduct
List of Ireland national rugby union players is a list of men who have played for the Ireland national rugby union team.
Note the list only includes men who have played in a Test match (which includes those who played against the 1888–89 New Zealand Native football team)
Those who represented the British and Irish Lions but were never capped for Ireland are not included - for example William Joseph Ashby was part of the first Lions team to tour South Africa in 1910 but was never capped for Ireland.
Those who represented Ireland in matches where no caps were awarded are not included - for example James Myles represented Ireland during the 1899 Ireland rugby union tour of Canada but was never capped for Ireland.
denotes players currently active at national level. As of 24 October 2020, 1,118 men have represented Ireland.
References
External links
Ireland Players at IRFU
List of Ireland national rugby union players at ESPN
Ireland international rugby union players
Ireland
Rugby union
players
Michael Laufer (sometimes styled as Mixæl Laufer) is the de facto leader of the open-source anarchist biohacking network, Four Thieves Vinegar Collective. Laufer is notable for creating the EpiPencil, an open source alternative to the Epipen.
Education
Laufer has studied mathematics including a Ph.D. and the CUNY Graduate from Centre
Career
Laufer is the director of mathematics at Silicon Valley's Menlo College, and a part time teacher of mathematics at San Quentin State Prison, California. Laufer is also a Senior Research Fellow at the UNESCO Crossings Institute.
In 2008 Laufer went to El Salvador where they saw hospitals that had run out of birth control medicine, they founded the Four Thieves Vinegar Collective shortly afterwards.
Laufer publicly shared videos in 2016 that illustrated how to manufacture generic version of the Epi-Pen epinephrine auto-injector from components readily available to the public.
Laufer is working on a DIY pharmaceutical chemical reactor that they call the Apothecary MicroLab that will allow people to manufacture their own pharmaceuticals at home. The first version is able to manufacture pyrimethamine, the same drug that in 2016 increased in price in the USA from $13 to $750 in 2019. Laufer's work is both about access to medicine and about the right to personal autonomy and information, seeking to undo a trend that has put healthcare decision-making in the control of financially motivated private actors. Laufer believes that providing lifesaving medication to those in need justifies violation of intellectual property rights.  They are working to make it possible to manufacture the medications needed to treat HIV/AIDS, hepatitis C, emergency contraception and abortion medication.
In 2019 Laufer co-created a mesh-network sub-dermal implant that costs less than US$50, allowing humans to internally carry wireless routers. Soon after, they had one implanted in himself.
Laufer presented at the 2016 Hackers on Planet Earth conference.
See also
Josiah Zayner
Open Source Medical Supplies
References
Living people
Hackers
Open source advocates
Open source people
Menlo College
San Quentin State Prison
Intellectual property activism
Citizen science
Do it yourself
Anarchists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Upper Rapeland Wood (sometimes Upper Rapelands Wood) is a mixed mature woodland in Old Holbrook, a hamlet close to Horsham, England. It lies on Rapeland Hill, on the north-western fringes of Old Holbrook, 1.2 miles (1.94 km) north of the A264 dual carriageway. It is directly opposite Northlands Copse, an area of ancient woodland and a partially managed plantation in the neighbouring hamlet of Graylands.
As the area lies on a steep hill, Upper Rapeland Wood has a relatively high elevation, being 350 feet above sea level. Broadleaf trees are prevalent in the moss-covered northern and southern areas of the woodland, with large pine trees and shallow ravines dominating the central areas. Notably, three channels of Northlands Gill flows through the width of Upper Rapeland Wood.
The area hosts a network of tracks with varying degrees of accessibility. Although unmaintained, the tracks guide walkers in cardinal directions through the woodland.
Intensive prospecting for iron ore took place in the area in the 16th and 17th centuries. Geologists have noted the remains of an isolated minepit in Upper Rapeland Wood. The wood lies at the centre of the Faygate Syncline, which runs between the Crawley Fault and the Holmbush Fault. Most iron pits along the Faygate Syncline are on the Horsham Stone horizon, but the one in Rapeland Wood is anomalous in that it is on an outcrop of sandstone. A small stream has cut a deep valley through the wood and this may be responsible for exposing ironstone in a very localised area.
The 1892–1914 25-inch Ordnance Survey map marks "Dismal Castle" on the northwestern border of the wood. This was demolished some time during the 20th Century and no trace now remains.
Gallery
References
Forests and woodlands of West Sussex
Hermitage is a defunct restaurant in Rijsoord, Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1995 and retained that rating until 2014.
In 2013, Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points. Hermitage was a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.
Head chef of Hermitage was Jan Klein. Jan Klein started the restaurant in Zwijndrecht and relocated to Rijsoord in 1999. This building is a monument named "Wapen van Rijsoord", built as a farm around 1800.
The restaurant closed down on 10 June 2014 when chef Klein filed for bankruptcy. They cite as main causes for the bankruptcy their expensive monumental building and price campaign weeks that favoured price above quality.
On 31 October 2014 a new restaurant, Ross Lovell, opened in the Wapen van Rijsoord building.
See also
List of Michelin starred restaurants in the Netherlands
References
Ridderkerk
Restaurants in the Netherlands
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the Netherlands
Kwangch'ŏn station is a railway station in Kwangch'ŏn-dong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 30 March 1943 along with the rest of the Yŏhaejin–Tongam section of the line; the station was originally called Yongjam station (Chosōn'gŭl: 용잠역; Hanja: 龍岑驛), receiving its current name after the establishment of the DPRK.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Jarrod Zane Patterson (September 7, 1973 – March 11, 2020) was an American professional baseball third baseman. They were a graduate of Chilton County High School in Clanton, Alabama. They played during two seasons for Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers and Kansas City Royals. They were drafted by the New York Mets in the 20th round of the 1993 MLB draft. Patterson played their first professional season with their Rookie League Gulf Coast Mets in 1993, and their last with the independent Northern League's Joliet Jackhammers, Schaumburg Flyers, Gary SouthShore RailCats in 2006. They played their last affiliated season for the Royals' Triple-A Omaha Royals in 2004.
Patterson died in a auto accident on March 11, 2020.
References
External links
Pelota Binaria
1973 births
2020 deaths
Águilas de Mexicali players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Altoona Curve players
Baseball players from Montgomery, Alabama
Capital City Bombers players
Detroit Tigers players
Place of death missing
El Paso Diablos players
Erie SeaWolves players
Gary SouthShore RailCats players
Gulf Coast Mets players
High Desert Mavericks players
Jefferson Davis Warhawks baseball players
Joliet JackHammers players
Kansas City Royals players
Kingsport Mets players
Major League Baseball third basemen
Nashville Sounds players
Omaha Royals players
Ottawa Lynx players
Pastora de los Llanos players
People from Clanton, Alabama
Pittsfield Mets players
Regina Cyclones players
Road incident deaths in Alabama
Schaumburg Flyers players
St. Lucie Mets players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Tucson Sidewinders players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Mladen Ramljak (1 July 1945 – 13 September 1978) was a Croatian football defender.
On the national level they played for Yugoslavia national team (13 matches), and was a participant at Euro 1968.
Mladen Ramljak died in a road accident near Novska.
Dinamo Zagreb holds an international memorial tournament in their honour for youth squads.
References
External links
Mladen Ramljak at the Serbia national football team website
1945 births
1978 deaths
Croatian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
Feyenoord players
AZ Alkmaar players
Yugoslav First League players
Eredivisie players
Yugoslavia international footballers
UEFA Euro 1968 players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Road incident deaths in Yugoslavia
Footballers from Zagreb
Burials at Mirogoj Cemetery
UEFA Cup winning players
Association football defenders
Zema Williams (July 7, 1941 – July 19, 2016), better known as Chief Zee, was a well-known fan and unofficial mascot of the franchise then-known as the Washington Redskins (since renamed Washington Commanders) of the National Football League. Dressed in a faux Native American war bonnet, rimmed glasses, and red jacket, Chief Zee began attending Redskins games in 1978.
History
Born in Colquitt, Georgia on July 7, 1941, Williams worked as a sharecropper and picked cotton as a youth. They later drove a truck, when they got a draft notice in 1960. Two years later, they completed their military service at Fort Riley, and returned to driving trucks. By 1968, they were a car salesperson in Washington, D.C.
Williams first showed up in costume at RFK Stadium on September 10, 1978. In 1983, Chief Zee attended a game against the Eagles at Veterans Stadium. After taunting the Eagles fans following their team's 10-point loss to the Redskins, they were attacked, suffering a broken arm, leg and ribs as well as a torn original costume, leaving them hospitalized. They returned the next year to Philadelphia but after a woman threw a beer in their face, it was their last time.
On August 9, 2008, Williams set down their signature prop, a toy tomahawk, while they were signing autographs at the Redskins' preseason game against the Buffalo Bills. When they turned to retrieve it, it was gone. The 12-inch tomahawk has a slender wooden handle with a rubber blade, and appears in many photos of Williams since they started attending Redskins games over 30 years prior.
By August 28, 2008, Chief Zee's tomahawk has been returned to them with the help of Redskins tight end Chris Cooley who got a call from someone that said they had it. They swapped a signed jersey for the tomahawk.
In their later years, Williams lived on Social Security and had difficulty walking. Dan Snyder, the owner of the Redskins, purchased the scooter that they used. Williams also faced eviction due to not being able to keep up with their rent, but several fans used a GoFundMe campaign to raise enough to pay both back rent and enough ahead that the situation would not arise again.
Williams died in their sleep on July 19, 2016.
Honors
November 7, 1985, was declared "Chief Zee Day" in Washington, D.C.
In 2000, Visa and the Pro Football Hall of Fame selected the biggest fan of each of the then-31 teams and placed them in an exhibit in Canton. They were the fan chosen for the Washington Redskins.
Controversy
Some consider Williams' portrayal of American Indians to have been offensive. Their use of a stylized headdress was often referenced as the reason for offense, as the headdress is a sacred, central cultural item for many tribes.
See also
The Barrel Man
Crazy Ray
Fireman Ed
Hogettes
License Plate Guy
References
1941 births
2016 deaths
Washington Redskins
Spectators of American football
National Football League mascots
People from Colquitt, Georgia
People from Washington, D.C.
Tampereen Kisatoverit(TKT) is a Finnish multi-sport club from Tampere. They have activity in football, gymnastics, arm wrestling, and volleyball.
Background
TKT was founded by workers of Tampella. It had a strong working class identity since the beginning and is a member of Finnish Workers' Sports Federation.
Football
Football was one of the main sports early on, and is still strongest sport of the club. Back in 1960 TKT played one season in finnish top flight mestaruussarja. Club operates in southeast Tampere and operates a training center in Aitolahti, north of Tampere.
Season to season
1 season in Mestaruussarja
18 seasons in Suomensarja
18 seasons in Kakkonen
31 seasons in Kolmonen
4 seasons in Nelonen
References
External links
Official site
Finnish Wikipedia
Sports teams in Finland
Tampere
Sport clubs established in 1920
1920 establishments in Finland
The Section carrément anti-Le Pen (SCALP; "Absolutely anti-Le Pen group") is a French anti-fascist and anarchist group, formed in Toulouse in 1984 as a manifestation of the autonomist movement.
Background
The success of a group by the name of SCALP (Société contre les amis de Le Pen - Society against the friends of Le Pen) in attracting media attention at a rally in Toulouse on June 6, 1984 led to the creation of numerous other groups sharing the same acronym in different cities around France. This first wave of SCALPs, developing alongside the alternative rock movement, disbanded in the early 1980s. An attempt to unite the different groups under a proposed National Anti-Fascist Representative Committee (Coordination nationale antifasciste, CNAF) never took off, the Paris section of SCALP splintering in 1990.
History
After one or two years of dormancy, elements of the original Paris SCALP who had been running the magazine REFLEXes (so named because most contributors were former students of Paris X University) revived SCALP, using the acronym and the mythos surrounding it to attract the interest of young recruits. At the same time, the new SCALP distanced itself from the autonomist movement (elements of the original SCALP loyal to this movement dedicated themselves to other organizations and projects such as Karoshi and the CNT-AIT), opting to align itself more closely with traditional libertarian groups. Some members later left to join the National Confederation of Labour.
In 1992, the new SCALP organized itself into a national network called No Pasaran Network - a federation of the different local SCALP groups. The Paris group became known as SCALP-REFLEX (Réseau d'études sur le fascisme et de lutte contre l'extrême droite et la xénophobie - Network for the study of fascism and the fight against the far right and xenophobia). The radical measures taken by the network during their actions resulted in damage to premises and public property.
In 2004, more individuals quit the group, later going on to found the Libertarian and Social Offensive (Offensive libertaire et sociale, OLS).
In 2006 SCALP-REFLEX participated in demonstrations and university assemblées générales. They were involved in the occupation of the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences (École des hautes études en sciences sociales, EHESS). Activists from the group clashed with those of the far right at a rally outside the Sorbonne on March 14, 2006.
On May 9, 2007 the group, along with other libertarian and student organisations (Alternative Libertaire, Union syndicale Solidaires, CNT), called for a counter-demonstration to be held to physically oppose a demonstration by the far right and to "show them they don't own the street." Fearing a police crackdown, the organisers - with the exception of SCALP - called for the counter-demonstration to be canceled. Several activists who attended the rally were arrested.
Current status
If current estimates of the group's strength as between 400 and 500 members are correct, more than 6000 people may have passed through its ranks since its founding.
Pornographic actor Ovidie is a former member of SCALP.
Publications
No Pasaran, the monthly publication of the network, is circulated in libraries and sectional offices. Numerous pamphlets on the far right have also been authored by the group.
In 2005 SCALP published Comme un indien Métropolitain (Like a French Indian), which deals with the history of the movement between 1984 and 1992.
See also
Anti-fascism
Anarchist communism
Far left
Revolutionary movements
References
External links
Call for protest on March 5 1985
Article on 9 May 2007
Article on the April 15 anti-National Front protest
Anti-fascist organizations
Anarchist organizations in France
Jean-Marie Le Pen
Retrofit is an album by Blackpool post-punk/electro band Section 25 and released by LTM Recordings on 14 September 2010.
Overview
The album contains nine re-recordings of tracks spanning their entire history, as well as a new song entitled "Über Hymn" and a remix of "Looking From A Hilltop" by Stephen Morris. The project was initially started prior to founder and bassist Larry Cassidy's death in 2010 and contains vocal excerpts from their last studio sessions at West Orange Studios (from July 2009 onwards), as well as daughter Bethany Cassidy on new vocals.
Track listing
"The Process" (5.31)
"Looking From A Hilltop" (6.05)
"Beating Heart" (4.24)
"Desert" (5.16)
"Über Hymn" (3.55)
"Garageland" (4.55)
"Dirty Disco" (5.34)
"Girls Don't Count" (5.27)
"New Horizon" (6.02)
"Wretch" (4.15)
"Another Hilltop" (remixed by Stephen Morris) (9.18)
Personnel
Larry Cassidy – vocals
Bethany Cassidy – vocals
Vincent Cassidy – drums, percussion, vocals
Stuart Hill – bass, programming, backing vocals
Steven Stringer – guitar, programming, sequencing
References
2010 albums
The rufous-breasted spinetail (Synallaxis erythrothorax) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Further reading
rufous-breasted spinetail
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of El Salvador
Birds of Honduras
rufous-breasted spinetail
rufous-breasted spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Franco Stella may refer to:
Gianfranco Stella Italian cross-country skier
Franco Stella Italian architect
August Sternickel (May 11, 1866 – July 30, 1913) was a German criminal, arsonist and serial killer. Between 1905 and 1913, they committed various arsons of farmhouses and several murders across the German Empire for which they earned notoriety, leading to their crime spree being referred to as The Sternickel Horror by locals. Even after their execution, Sternickel remained the subject of numerous murder ballads and newspapers reports.
Life
August Sternickel was born on May 11, 1866 in Mschanna (present-day Mszana, Poland), the son of a baker. When they grew up, they mastered the trade of a miller, earning money as a journeyman and servant. Using their eloquence and handsome appearance, August began to engage in marriage swindling, engaging to the daughter of a wealthy family in the Oderbruch area, pretending to be the son of a manor owner. Sternickel claimed that they were looking to buy a manor for himself, but because of an alleged short-term liquidity platform, they turned to their fiancée's father and asked for a loan of 3,000 gold marks. After the father had asked third parties about Sternickel and received negative answers, the engagement was broken off, but August evaded criminal prosecution in this case. However, they would later serve minor prison sentences for other swindles.
Following their release, property crimes followed, ranging from burglarizing homes to theft, for which they were again sent to a house of correction. Their last recorded sentence was for theft, served in Neisse, and after serving it out, they went to Berlin, where they worked as a casual worker. Finally, they embarked on a life as a migrant worker.
First murder
In 1905, Sternickel came to Plagwitz, finding a job with Mr. Knappe, a mill owner. The mill was well-known, as there had been heavy fighting between the French and Russian forces around Plagwitz during the 1813 campaign.
With the help of two accomplices, the brothers Reinhold and Wilhelm Pietsch, they robbed and murdered Mr. Knappe. In order to cover up the act, Sternickel set the mill on fire, destroying it on the night of July 8th to 9th, 1905. The corpse, however, could still be found under the rubble, with clear evidence that they had been killed in a homicidal manner.
It was relatively clear that Sternickel had committed the crime, but by then, they had disappeared. While an investigation by Berlin authorities was unsuccessful in capturing him, their accomplices were arrested. On October 20, 1910, the Pietsch brothers were tried at the Hirschberg Regional Court, with both of them claiming that August was the main perpetrator. Reinhold was found guilty of robbing but not killing the miller, for which they received a 10-year prison sentence. Their brother Wilhelm was acquitted due to lack of evidence.
Fugitive
Between 1905 and 1913, Sternickel evaded capture by the Kriminalpolizei, surviving by working as an agricultural worker and occasionally as a journeyman, using false identities. They were a diligent and hard-working employee, particularly exemplary in dealing with animals entrusted to him.
Since people who led a similar lifestyle to Sternickel were already viewed as a considerable security risk by authorities, a comprehensive reporting and identification requirements for police surveillance system was gradually introduced. Despite some logistical problems, they were eventually more refined and comprehensive with time. Despite lacking proper papers for identification, Sternickel benefitted from the fact that during the harvest season, workers were needed and employers often didn't ask questions.
From testimonies it was later concluded that Sternickel committed three murders during this period: against the widow Krause in 1909, the cotton farmer Knöting in 1910 and the hay farmer Winckler in 1912.
Final murder
In October 1912, Franz Kallies, the owner of an approximately 60-acre estate near Ortwig hired August, who was using the alias "Otto Schöne", as a farmhand. In addition to managing their estate, Kallies also ran a branch of a nearby savings bank. Sternickel proved to be a good worker, treating the animals in a good manner. The farmer noticed, however, that their new employee was often absent for days and refused to present them any identification or tell them where they went to. While they were absent one day, Franz decided to rummage through their belongings to find any papers, an act which was later noticed by Sternickel. According to their later testimony, it was at this moment that they decided to take revenge on their employer. While at a hostel in Müncheberg, Sternickel approached a group of young men (20-year-old Georg Kersten, their 18-year-old brother Willy and 21-year-old Franz Schliewenz) and asked whether they could "do them a favor", to which they agreed. In accordance with their plan, the three of them went to Kallies' farm early in the morning, where they proceeded to strangle them with a string. When the 16-year-old maid Anna Phillip entered shortly after to milk the cows, they too are overwhelmed and strangled. All of them then went to the main building, where they proceeded to kill Kallies' wife. They woke up the couple's two daughters, which they threatened with a gun and forced them to tell where the cash box was. After they found it, Sternickel divided up the loot, giving each of their accomplices 100 gold marks.
Execution
During the last few days before their execution, Sternickel wrote their memoir, not allowing to be disturbed while doing so. In a 1930 report from The Monthly Magazine for Criminal Psychology and Law Reform, the reported claimed that after they had taken a bath, August dressed themselves in a nice suit and later gave a funny speech to the crowd which had gathered. On July 30, 1913, they were beheaded by executioner Lorenz Schwietz at Frankfurt an der Oder.
See also
List of German serial killers
References
Literature
Maximillian Jacta, A clever capital criminal - The case of August Sternickel, in: Berühmte Strafprozesse, Band Deutschland II, Goldmann-Verlag, München 1967, S. 200–214 (in German)
External links
Interesting Criminal Trials by Hugo Friedländer (in German)
1866 births
1913 deaths
20th-century executions
19th-century German criminals
20th-century German criminals
Executed German people
Executed German serial killers
German people convicted of murder
Male serial killers
People convicted of murder by Germany
People executed by the German Empire
People executed for murder
People from Wodzisław County
Circus Maximus is a board game that was originally published by Battleline Publications in 1979, but is better known for the 1980 Avalon Hill edition. The game has become very popular at gaming conventions in an oversized form, with -long boards and baseball-sized chariots.
Description
Circus Maximus is a chariot-racing board game Up to eight players choose teams of horses and drivers, and race their custom chariots around an oval track. Charioteers are encouraged to physically attack their opponents with whips, force opposing chariots into walls, and hamstring opponents' horses with wheel-mounted blades.
Publication history
Circus Maximus, designed by Michael E. Matheny, was originally called Chariot Racing when it was published in 1979 by Battleline Publications, a subsidiary of Heritage Models. (Chariot Racing and a one-on-one combat game called Gladiator were sold together under the name Circus Maximus.) When Battleline was sold to Avalon Hill in October 1979, the new owners published the two components of Circus Maximus as two separate games. While Gladiator retained its original title, Chariot Racing was renamed Circus Maximus. Don Greenwood worked on the second edition.
Reception
In the September 1979 edition of Dragon, Tim Kask was effusive in their praise of the original Chariot Racing, saying, "To put it simply, it is the best treatment of chariot racing that I have seen to date. The rules are ridiculously simple, as are the actual mechanics of the game. There are campaign rules that allow you to set up entire racing seasons; there are rules for accruing experience by continued racing and high placement. There are even provisions for skullduggery and sabotage. The game itself moves very fast and seldom gets boring. In the greatest movie traditions, you can outfit your cart with scythe blades and chop up your opponent's wheels, or flog their horses to spook them or lash enemy drivers. Shades of great sport, even if your chariot tips over and drags your driver to their doom under the thundering hooves of the other teams."
In 2007, almost 30 years after its original publication, Circus Maximus was chosen for the book Hobby Games: The 100 Best. Stan! commented "There are a lot of very good racing games out there, set against a wide variety of interesting backdrops, everything from cavemen riding dinosaurs through Formula One racers on real-world tracks and on to spaceships hurtling through interstellar space. So what is it that makes Circus Maximus stand out as, far and away, my favorite of the bunch? Is it the Imperial Roman setting? The elegant mechanics? The way the game encourages players to work together while still competing? I can't really say that it's any of those things, but rather that it's all of those things together."
References
External links
Avalon Hill games
Board games introduced in 1979
Don Greenwood games
Giselle "G" Juarez (born March 23, 1998) is an American, former collegiate All-American softball pitcher. They played college softball at Oklahoma and Arizona State.
Early life
Juarez attended Mountain Ridge High School in Glendale, Arizona where they finished their career with a 1.78 earned run average (ERA), 371 strikeouts and a .168 opponent batting average. They led their team to back-to-back state championship appearances in 2014 and 2015, including Mountain Ridge's first state championship appearance in 2014. They were ranked No. 45 by FloSoftball in the 2016 class.
College career
Freshman year
Juarez began their collegiate career at Arizona State. As a first-year student, they recorded a 2.79 ERA in innings, with 81 strikeouts, and 30 walks. They recorded a season-best 11 strikeouts against Illinois State on February 17, 2017. Following the season, they were named All-Pac 12 honorable mention.
Sophomore year
During their sophomore year, Juarez posted a 26–6 record, with a 1.21 ERA, and 305 strikeouts in innings. They allowed just 39 runs on 91 hits, and was one of just nine NCAA Division I pitchers to reach the 300-strikeout threshold. They ranked third nationally with 13 shutouts. Them 1.21 ERA ranked 13th nationally, and was the fourth lowest ERA among pitchers who threw 200 or more innings on the season. They earned Pac-12 Pitcher of the Week honors for four-consecutive weeks, becoming just the second player in program history to accomplish the feat. They threw their first career no-hitter on March 30, 2018 against BYU. Following an outstanding season, they were named a top ten finalist for USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year, first-team All-Pac 12 and NFCA first-team All-American.
Junior year
During their junior year, Juarez transferred to Oklahoma. They made 39 appearances, including 32 starts, and finished the regular season undefeated with a 21–0 record. They threw their first career perfect game on March 14, 2019, in a 14–0 win against Loyola Marymount. They threw their second perfect game on April 28, 2019, in a 14–0 win against Iowa State, becoming the second player in program history to throw multiple perfect games in a season, following Paige Parker in 2015.
They finished the season with 15 complete games, including seven shutouts, while combining on seven more. They ranked third nationally in hits allowed per seven innings pitched (3.64), fourth in strikeout-to-walk ratio (7.08), sixth in strikeouts per seven innings (10.1), 10th in strikeouts (269) and 16th in ERA (1.39). Them opponent batting average (.151) ranked second in Oklahoma single-season history while their 0.72 WHIP ranked third, 10.11 strikeouts per seven innings ranked fifth. During the 2019 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament, they threw six complete games including three shutouts, to help lead their team to the championship game, where they lost to UCLA. Following an outstanding season, they were named a top ten finalist for USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year, Big 12 Pitcher of the Year, Softball America Pitcher of the Year, first-team All-Big 12 and NFCA first-team All-American.
Senior year
During their senior year, they battled injury throughout the 2020 season, making five appearances, including two starts, and pitched a combined innings. They finished the season with a 2–1 record, with nine strikeouts and four walks in a season that was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. They underwent biceps surgery on March 6, 2020.
Redshirt senior year
During their redshirt senior year, Juarez posted a 23–1 record, with a 2.81, ERA and 159 strikeouts in 128 innings pitched. Juarez help lead Oklahoma to the 2021 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament, where they went 5–0, and posted a 0.90 ERA, with 38 strikeouts during the tournament. During the championship series at the 2021 Women's College World Series, they pitched two complete games in a row for the first time in their career. During game three of the series, they allowed just two hits and notched seven strikeouts in a 5–1 victory over Florida State to win the national championship, and was subsequently named Most Outstanding Player.
Team USA
Juarez represented the United States at the 2017 Junior Women's Softball World Championship where they posted a 5–0 record, with 28 strikeouts in innings, while allowing just 10 runs on 17 hits, helping lead the USA to a gold medal.
References
External links
Oklahoma bio
1998 births
Living people
Arizona State Sun Devils softball players
Oklahoma Sooners softball players
Softball players from Arizona
Sportspeople from Glendale, Arizona
Women's College World Series Most Outstanding Player Award winners
Gerhard Hecht (March 16, 1923 – February 21, 2005) was a German boxer. Hecht fought for the middleweight championship against Sugar Ray Robinson in 1951. The fight ended when Robinson hit Hecht in the kidney, and Hecht could not continue. The fight was originally ruled a disqualification victory for Hecht but later changed to a no-contest.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|53 Wins (23 knockouts, 30 decisions), 13 Losses (9 knockouts, 4 decisions), 6 Draws, 2 No Contests
|-
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|Loss
|
|align=left| Albert Westphal
|TKO
|6
|21/11/1958
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Alain Cherville
|KO
|4
|08/03/1958
|align=left| Killesbergpark, Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Willi Hoepner
|PTS
|12
|20/09/1957
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Artenio Calzavara
|PTS
|15
|12/07/1957
|align=left| Milan, Lombardy
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willy Schagen
|PTS
|10
|03/05/1957
|align=left| Ostseehalle, Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Alex Buxton
|PTS
|10
|26/04/1957
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Yolande Pompey
|KO
|2
|25/01/1957
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Heinz Neuhaus
|PTS
|12
|17/11/1956
|align=left| Westfalenhallen, Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Peter Bates
|KO
|5
|04/05/1956
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Charles Colin
|RTD
|13
|26/02/1956
|align=left| Saint Nazaire Stadium, Saint-Nazaire, Loire-Atlantique
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Heinz Neuhaus
|PTS
|12
|06/11/1955
|align=left| Westfalenhallen, Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Henry Hall
|PTS
|10
|16/09/1955
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willi Hoepner
|KO
|13
|12/06/1955
|align=left| Westfalenhallen, Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Willi Hoepner
|TKO
|3
|11/03/1955
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Yvon Durelle
|UD
|10
|12/11/1954
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Wim Snoek
|PTS
|15
|23/09/1954
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Art Henri
|PTS
|8
|27/08/1954
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Jacques Hairabedian
|PTS
|15
|09/04/1954
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Guenter Balzer
|PTS
|8
|12/03/1954
|align=left| Stadthalle, Hannover, Lower Saxony
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Johnny Williams
|KO
|2
|22/01/1954
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Karel Sys
|PTS
|10
|02/10/1953
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Johnny Barton
|PTS
|10
|07/08/1953
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Fernando Jannilli
|PTS
|8
|05/07/1953
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hans Stretz
|KO
|10
|16/05/1953
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Albert Finch
|TKO
|9
|20/03/1953
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Gino Menozzi
|KO
|3
|23/01/1953
|align=left| Zeltarena, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Renato Tontini
|KO
|6
|16/01/1953
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willi Hoepner
|PTS
|12
|21/11/1952
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Stephane Olek
|PTS
|8
|07/09/1952
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Paul Schirrmann
|PTS
|8
|26/07/1952
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Emile DeGreef
|PTS
|10
|04/07/1952
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Herbert Kleinwachter
|PTS
|10
|11/05/1952
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Victor d'Haes
|PTS
|10
|04/04/1952
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hans Strelecki
|PTS
|8
|09/03/1952
|align=left| Westfalenhallen, Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Giuliano Pancani
|PTS
|8
|23/02/1952
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Willi Hoepner
|PTS
|12
|02/11/1951
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Rik Van Kuyck
|KO
|1
|10/09/1951
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|No Contest
|
|align=left| Sugar Ray Robinson
|NC
|2
|24/06/1951
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Albert Yvel
|TKO
|4
|29/04/1951
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Sammy Wilde
|PTS
|6
|16/03/1951
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Eli Elandon
|PTS
|8
|24/02/1951
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Herbert Kleinwachter
|KO
|6
|09/02/1951
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Don Lee
|PTS
|8
|19/01/1951
|align=left| Messehalle 6 Messegelaende, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|No Contest
|
|align=left| Jean Serres
|NC
|6
|09/12/1950
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Rene Hauenstein
|TKO
|2
|08/10/1950
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Marcel Begeot
|TKO
|6
|20/08/1950
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Herbert Kleinwachter
|PTS
|12
|14/05/1950
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Hans Stretz
|PTS
|12
|01/04/1950
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willi Fanzlau
|PTS
|6
|25/02/1950
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Heinz Sanger
|PTS
|6
|04/02/1950
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hans Kupsch
|PTS
|6
|19/11/1949
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hermann Vermeulen
|PTS
|6
|17/09/1949
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willy Schier
|PTS
|8
|03/09/1949
|align=left| Mungersdorfer Stadion, Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Hans Baumann
|PTS
|6
|14/08/1949
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Carl Schmidt
|KO
|3
|05/08/1949
|align=left| Planten un Blomen, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Carl Schmidt
|PTS
|8
|03/07/1949
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Heinz Titze
|KO
|4
|08/05/1949
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hans Motzelt
|PTS
|8
|29/04/1949
|align=left| Zelt des Zirkus Blumenfeld, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Richard Zabel
|KO
|2
|09/04/1949
|align=left| Funkturm Berlin, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Siegfried Kleimenhagen
|TKO
|5
|05/03/1949
|align=left| Ausstellungshalle, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Rudolf Oremek
|PTS
|6
|19/02/1949
|align=left| Ausstellungshalle, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Erich Puhlmann
|KO
|2
|05/02/1949
|align=left| Austellungshalle, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Hans Stretz
|KO
|2
|26/12/1948
|align=left| Messehalle, Leipzig, Saxony
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Erich Campe
|PTS
|6
|17/10/1948
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Heinz Rohde
|KO
|2
|02/10/1948
|align=left| Waldstadion Friedrichshafen, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Werner Dietrich
|KO
|1
|01/09/1948
|align=left| Messehalle, Leipzig, Saxony
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Franz Schmidt
|KO
|6
|01/08/1948
|align=left| Waldbühne, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Guenter Balzer
|KO
|1
|20/06/1948
|align=left| Olympiastadium, Westend, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willi Domagala
|KO
|2
|13/06/1948
|align=left| Messehalle, Leipzig, Saxony
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Rudolf Oremek
|KO
|2
|08/05/1948
|align=left| Eisstadion, Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Karl Hohne
|KO
|2
|14/03/1948
|align=left| Friedrichstadt Palast, Mitte, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Willi Franke
|KO
|1
|28/12/1947
|align=left| Thueringenhalle, Erfurt, Thuringia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Horst Raspe
|TKO
|4
|14/12/1947
|align=left| Gesellschaftshaus, Sonneberg, Thuringia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Harry Kohler
|PTS
|4
|12/09/1947
|align=left| Reichshallen Garten, Erfurt, Thuringia
|align=left|
|}
References
German male boxers
1923 births
2005 deaths
Boxers from Berlin
Middleweight boxers
Indilimma, previously read Indilimgur, was likely the last king of Ebla, in modern Syria, reigning around 1600 BCE.
Reign
Indilimma was the son of Sir-Damu according to a seal of theirs discovered in Cilicia.  They are also known from several jars bearing the impression of a cylinder seal of their son, the crown prince Maratewari. The seal impressions are of high quality and show inspirations from the art of the kingdom of Yamhad. On the seals, Indilimma's son is depicted while receiving life (in the form of an ancient Egyptian ankh symbol) by the Yamhadite deities Hadad and Hebat.
The fact that these jars were found within the archaeological context of the final destruction of Ebla, which occurred around 1600 BCE by the hands of the Hittite king Mursili I, suggested to Paolo Matthiae that Maratewari had no time to become king and that their father Indilimma was indeed the last ruler of palaeosyrian Ebla. Alfonso Archi argued that Maratewari (whose name reading is not certain and Archi gives it as Memal...arri) was the last king and noted that Maratewari was not mentioned as king on their seal but neither was Indilimma on their seal from Cilicia. For Archi, the lack of the royal title does not mean that both father and son were not kings, but it is just a sign of subordination to Yamhad, the hegemonic kingdom of Northern Syria during the seventeenth century BCE. Indilimma's name also appears on a legal document found in the western palace at Ebla.
References
Kings of Ebla
17th-century BC monarchs
17th-century BC people
Albums recorded by singer-actor Jim Nabors. Nabors recorded multiple albums for Columbia Records and Ranwood Records. Like many easy listening pop vocalists of the period Nabors had little U.S. chart singles success. Their singles "Love Me With All Your Heart" reached No. 111 in the Cash Box survey (1966), and "The Impossible Dream" hit the top 30 on the Australian Go-Set chart (1968). Their albums were considerably more successful with twelve of them placing on Billboard magazine's Hot 200 chart and three of them earning Nabors gold records between 1968 and 1974.
Albums
Singles
References
Nabors, Jim
Nabors, Jim
Kuntunse is a town near Accra noted for Ghana Space Science and Technology Centre's site for the earth satellite in Ghana.
Location
Kuntunse is on the Nsawam stretch of the main Accra-Kumasi highway.
References
Populated places in the Greater Accra Region
Populated coastal places in Ghana
Epichloë glyceriae is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1999, Epichloë glyceriae is an early branching lineage on the Epichloë tree.
Epichloë glyceriae is found in North America, where it has been identified in grass species of the genus Glyceria. Epichloë glyceriae is not thought to be seed transmitted.
References
glyceriae
Fungi described in 1999
Fungi of North America
Samherji hf. is a fishing and fish processing company in Iceland. It is the largest fishing company in Iceland, and one of the largest in Europe. It was founded in Grindavík in 1972. Its current headquarters are in Akureyri, but the company operates in many locations in Iceland and throughout the world. The company employs approximately 800 staff in Iceland, and 800 staff abroad. One of its companies is the sales company Seagold Ltd. in England, led by Gústaf Baldvinsson.
In 1983, Þorsteinn Már Baldvínsson and their relatives Kristján Vilhelmsson and Þorsteinn Vilhelmsson bought nearly all the stocks in Samherji, and have controlled the company since.
Þorsteinn Már Baldvinsson is the current CEO, having resumed that role in February of 2021 after having stepped down on 14 November 2019, with Björgólfur Jóhannesson acting as CEO in the interim.
Samherji owns nearly 16% of the transferable quotas in the Icelandic fisheries sector.
2019 Namibia scandal
On 12 November 2019, WikiLeaks published thousands of documents and email communication by Samherji's employees, called the Fishrot Files, that indicated that the company had paid hundreds of millions ISK to high ranking politicians and officials in Namibia with the objective of acquiring the country's coveted fishing quota. That same day, Jóhannes Stefánsson, the former general manager of Samherji in Namibia and a whistleblower working with anti-corruption authorities in Namibia, and other countries, stated on the investigative TV-program Kveikur on RÚV that Samherji's CEO and biggest shareholder, Þorsteinn Már Baldvinsson, authorized the bribe payments. On 13 November, Namibia's Minister of Fisheries, Bernhardt Esau, and Minister of Justice, Sacky Shanghala, were forced to resign due to their involvement in the scandal.
In response to the allegations, Samherji published a statement where Jóhannes Stefánsson, the former general manager, was accused of being behind the alleged bribes and that other high ranking staff members were unaware of their actions. Although Jóhannes did admit to being part of the bribe sceme, further records showed that they never had control of the bank accounts in Cyprus, where the money flowed through, and that the alleged bribes continued for three years after they left the company.
In May 2021, internal conversations were leaked to the press which showed that since the start of the Namibia scandal, Samherji has employed a special "guerrilla division" with the objective of conducting smear campaigns against the company's critics and journalists who investigated the bribery scheme. In an example of astroturfing, the company had hired a lawyer and public relations manager to pen and edit opinion articles and social media entries which were then published under the name of a ship's captain in Samherji's employ. This unofficial division within the company had monitored the travels and personal finances of some of the company's critics in order to uncover material that might damage their credibility. In an effort to improve news coverage of the company, the division also attempted to influence the leadership election of Iceland's main union of journalists.
The leaked conversations also show that Samherji had planned to dissuade Jóhannes from testifying against the company in Namibian courts by separately suing them for theft in the country.
References
External links
www.samherji.is Samherji's Official Web Site in English
Food and drink companies established in 1972
1972 establishments in Iceland
Fishing companies
Fish processing companies
Fishing in Iceland
Seafood companies of Iceland
Nahom Girmai Netabay (born 28 August 1994) is a Swedish football midfielder who plays for Kalmar.
Club career
On 5 December 2021, Girmai signed with Kalmar for the 2022 season.
Personal life
Born in Sweden, Girmai is of Eritrean descent.
References
1994 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Swedish people of Eritrean descent
Swedish sportspeople of African descent
Association football midfielders
Kristianstad FC players
Varbergs BoIS players
IK Sirius Fotboll players
Kalmar FF players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Chatkran may refer to:
Geghashen, Armenia
Nor Geghi, Armenia
Heman Allen Moore (August 27, 1809 – April 3, 1844) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio. They were elected to one-term in 1842, serving 13 months in office before their death.
Biography
Born in Plainfield, Washington County, Vermont, Moore pursued an academic course.
They studied law in Rochester, New York.
They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Columbus, Ohio.
Congress
Moore was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress and served from March 4, 1843, until their death in Columbus, Ohio, April 3, 1844. Alfred P. Stone was elected to fill out their term.
They were interred in Green Lawn Cemetery.
See also
Politics of Ohio
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
References
1809 births
1844 deaths
People from Plainfield, Vermont
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C. (Hebrew: מַכַּבִּי פֶּתַח תִּקְוָה) (full name: "Maccabi Avshalom Ironi Petah Tikva F.C., Hebrew: מועדון ספורט מכבי אבשלום עירוני פתח תקווה) is an Israeli football club based in the city of Petah Tikva. It is part of the Maccabi sports club and currently plays in the Israeli Premier League.
Competitions
Israeli Premier League
References
External links
Official website
Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
The 75th Regiment Indiana Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 75th Indiana Infantry was organized at Wabash, Indiana and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on August 19, 1862, under the command of Colonel Milton Stapp Robinson.
The regiment was attached to 40th Brigade, 12th Division, Army of the Ohio, to November 1862. 2nd Brigade, 5th Division, Center, XIV Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to January 1863. 2nd Brigade, 5th Division, XIV Corps, to June 1863. 2nd Brigade, 4th Division, XIV Corps, to October 1863. 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, XIV Corps, to June 1865.
The 75th Indiana Infantry mustered out of service at Washington, D.C. on June 8, 1865.
Detailed service
This regiment was organized at Wabash and was mustered in on August 19, 1862. It left the state on August 21 for Lebanon, Ky., but retired to Louisville upon Bragg's advance. It then moved to Frankfort, Scottsville, Gallatin and Cave City in pursuit of Morgan's forces. It was in camp near Gallatin during December and moved in January 1863 to Murfreesboro, being engaged in scouting and brief expeditions, with the 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, 14th Army Corps. On June 24 it started for Tullahoma, participated in the Battle at Hoover's Gap and was the first regiment to enter the enemy's works at Tullahoma. Moving then towards Chattanooga, it was engaged at Chickamauga, losing 17 killed and 107 wounded. It remained near Chattanooga during the fall and winter and was engaged in the battle of Missionary Ridge. It moved to Ringgold, Georgia in Spring 1864, joined the campaign to Atlanta, and was engaged at Dalton, Resaca, Dallas, Kennesaw Mountain, Peachtree Creek, in front of Atlanta, and at Jonesboro. On October 4, the regiment moved with its corps to Pine Mountain, and arrived in time to threaten the rear of French's division of Hood's army, which was investing the garrison at Allatoona. The regiment pursued the enemy to Gaylesville, and returned in time to join the march upon Savannah, which city was reached in December. In January 1865, the regiment made the march through the Carolinas to Goldsboro, participating en route in the battles of Fayetteville and Bentonville. It then moved with the advance of the army to Raleigh, skirmishing at Smithfield, then to Richmond and Washington, and was mustered out at Washington, June 8, 1865. Recruits were transferred to the 42nd Indiana Infantry. and served with that regiment until its muster out. The original strength of the 75th was 1,031; gain by recruits, 96; total, 1,127. Loss by death, 227; desertion, 30; unaccounted for, 31.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 232 men during service; 1 officer and 43 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 2 officers and 186 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Milton Stapp Robinson
See also
List of Indiana Civil War regiments
Indiana in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Floyd, David Bittle. History of the Seventy-Fifth Regiment of Indiana Infantry Volunteers: Its Organization, Campaigns, and Battles (1862-65.) (Philadelphia, PA: Lutheran Publication Society), 1893.
Miller, William Bluffton. Fighting for Liberty and Right: The Civil War Diary of William Bluffton Miller, First Sergeant, Company K, Seventy-Fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry (Knoxville, TN: University of Tennessee Press), 2004.
Attribution
External links
Monument of the 75th Indiana Infantry at Chickamauga Battlefield
Notes
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Indiana
1862 establishments in Indiana
Al-Arabi Badr Mokhtar (; born 23 October 2001) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Ceramica Cleopatra on loan from Al Ahly.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2001 births
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egypt youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al Ahly SC players
Egyptian Premier League players
Future FC (Egypt) players
On 28 June 2018, at about 1:15 pm, a Beechcraft C90 King Air aircraft chartered from UY Aviation Pvt Ltd with the registration VT-UPZ crashed at Jagruti Nagar in the suburb of Ghatkopar in Mumbai, India. The 12-seater aircraft carried 4 people, including the pilot. All people on board plus one person on the ground were killed. A further three people on the ground were seriously injured.
As a result of the crash, a fire broke out in the built-up area. Local firefighters and police responded to the accident.
The aircraft had departed from Juhu Aerodrome for a test flight. Five people lost their lives in this accident; 2 pilots, 1 Technician, 1 Aircraft Maintenance Engineer, and 1 civilian.
Investigation
The Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau, India released the final investigation report in Dec 2018. The probable cause of the accident as per the report was a stall caused by lack of situational awareness due to spatial disorientation triggered by deteriorating weather, a transition from ILS (IMC) to visual flying (Partial VMC) and unexpected bank owing to differential engine power.
The aircraft VT-UPZ was previously owned by the Uttar Pradesh government. In 2014, the aircraft had an accident in Allahabad in which there was minor damage as per DGCA investigation report. Over the next decade, the aircraft changed ownership and was transported to Mumbai where the repair work was carried out with approval from DGCA.
References
2018 disasters in India
2010s in Mumbai
Aviation accidents and incidents in 2018
Accidents and incidents involving the Beechcraft King Air
Transport in Mumbai
Aviation accidents and incidents in India
June 2018 events in India
Aviation accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
The Toronto Book Awards are Canadian literary awards, presented annually by the City of Toronto government to the author of the year's best fiction or non-fiction book or books "that are evocative of Toronto". The award is presented in the fall of each year, with its advance promotional efforts including a series of readings by the nominated authors at each year's The Word on the Street festival.
Each author shortlisted for the award receives $1,000, and the winner or winners receive the balance of $15,000.
The award has frequently gone to multiple winners. 1987 was the first time in the history of the award that only a single winner was named.
Winners and nominees
References
External links
Toronto Book Awards (City of Toronto Web site)
Canadian non-fiction literary awards
Culture of Toronto
Awards established in 1974
1974 establishments in Ontario
Canadian fiction awards
All Saints' Church, in Cellan is a Church in Wales parish church. Cellan is northeast of Lampeter, Wales. The church is a Grade II* listed building with part of it dating back to the medieval period. It belongs to the United Benefice of Lampeter.
History
All Saints' Church was built during the thirteenth or fourteenth centuries, possibly on top of a Bronze Age barrow, and is thought to have originally been dedicated to Saint Callwen. Another of its medieval features is its square-bowled font. The building has been subjected to minor changes throughout history, including several restorations. Its roof, once thatched, was replaced by slate in the seventeenth century. The presence of a medieval rood loft was recorded in 1810, but has since been removed - perhaps during the Victorian restoration of 1861–62.
Description
The church is constructed of rubble stone and has a slate roof. It consists of a nave and chancel, both thought to date to the thirteenth or fourteenth centuries, a west bellcote by Herbert Luck North, a north vestry and south porch. Its interior has been described as "the only significant Arts and Crafts work in the county [of Ceredigion]." The ceilings - dating to North's restoration of 1908 - are boarded and painted white, and decorated with flowers and vines, with a symbolic lamb painted on the chancel ceiling.
Heritage Funding
All Saints' Church received a Heritage Lottery Fund grant in 2018 in order to fund essential repairs to the building.
References
Church in Wales
Church in Wales church buildings
Arts and Crafts movement
Ceredigion
Pakeezah is a 1972 Indian film directed by Kamal Amrohi.
Pakeezah or Pakeeza may also refer to:
Pakeeza, a 2013 Hindi album by Zubeen Garg
Pakeezah (TV series), a 2016 Pakistani television drama series
The Conservation Foundation, a registered charity in the UK, was founded on 5 March 1982 by Prof. David Bellamy and David Shreeve. Prof. Bellamy was the president of the Foundation. Dorothy Harris is now the Chair (2022), and David Shreeve is its executive director.
Structure
The charity is governed by a board of directors and supported by a council. Based in the Royal Geographical Society in Kensington, London, its current activities primarily cover the UK, but past projects have covered every continent on Earth.
Activities
The foundation runs a number of projects to engage the public in environmental issues. Most are aimed at communities around the UK, whilst others target specific regions of the UK or operate internationally.
Funding
The charity is supported through government funding, charitable trusts and foundations, individuals, and business sponsorship through corporate social responsibility projects. It is not a membership organisation.
External links
The Conservation Foundation
Environmental charities based in the United Kingdom
Numbers is a record label and club night promoter based in Glasgow, Scotland, run by Jack 'Jackmaster' Revill, Rob 'Bobby Cleaver' Mordue, Richard 'Simply Richard' Chater, brothers Calum 'Spencer' Morton and Neil 'Nelson' Morton and Adam 'Goodhand' Rodgers. Numbers began as a club night by that name in Glasgow in 2003 and continues both in Glasgow and elsewhere. The Numbers record label was founded in 2010 with the merger of three Glasgow based labels Wireblock, Dress 2 Sweat and Stuff. It releases music in vinyl and digital file download formats and has done so for numerous acts including Rustie, Jamie xx and Jessie Ware.
History
The Numbers record label was formed in 2010 with the combining of three record labels, Wireblock, Dress 2 Sweat and Stuff. Wireblock was run by Jack Revill and brothers Calum and Neil Morton; Dress 2 Sweat was also run by Jack Revill; and Stuff was run by Richard Chater. These labels had released music by Rustie and Hudson Mohawke before they signed to Warp. The first release by Numbers was 'If U Want Me' by Deadboy.
In 2013, Numbers, along with Dedbeat, started a weekender festival called 'Pleasure Principle'.
Discography
Deadboy - If U Want Me - 12”, digital (2010)
Lazer Sword Presents Low Limit vs. Lando Kal - The Golden Handshake EP - 12”, digital (2010)
Kavsrave - Quotes - 12”, digital (2010)
SRC - Gold Coinz - 12”, digital (2010)
Redinho - Bare Blips - 12”, digital (2010)
Taz - Gold Tooth Grin - 12”, digital (2010)
Mr Mageeka - Different Lekstrix - 12”, digital (2010)
Slackk - Theme EP - 12”, digital (2010)
Jessie Ware & SBTRKT - Nervous - 12”, digital (2010)
Pierre's Pfantasy Club - Mystery Girl - 12”, digital (2011)
Jamie xx - Far Nearer - 12”, digital (2011)
Roska & Untold - Myth - 12”, digital (2011)
Ill Blu - Meltdown EP - 12”, digital (2011)
Lory D - Strange Days Vol. 1 - 12”, digital (2011)
Redinho - Edge Off EP - 12”, digital (2011)
Deadboy - Here - 12”, digital (2011)
Mosca - Done Me Wrong / Bax - 12”, digital (2011)
Goldffinch - Red Mask - 12”, digital (2011)
Sibian & Faun - I'm Sorry - 12”, digital (2011)
Randomer - Real Talk - 12”, digital (2011)
Kodiak - Spreo Superbus - 12”, digital (2012)
Unspecified Enemies - Multi Ordinal Tracking Unit - 12”, digital (2012)
Lory D - Strange Days Vol. 2 - 12” (2012)
Deadboy - Blaquewerk - 12”, digital (2013)
Rustie - Triadzz / Slasherr - 12”, digital (2013)
Sophie - Bipp / Elle - 12”, digital (2013)
Sparky - Portland - 12”, digital (2013)
Doc Daneeka - Walk On In - 12”, digital (2013)
Deadboy - Return - 12”, digital (2014)
Darq E Freaker - Minger - 12”, digital (2014)
Doc Daneeka - Treptow - 12”, digital (2014)
Sparky - Portland (Tuff City Kids Remixes) - 12”, digital (2014)
Sophie - Lemonade / Hard - 12”, digital (2014)
Redinho - Redinho - 12”, digital (2014)
Deejay Deer - Natur - 12”, digital (2014)
Unspecified Enemies - Everything You Did Has Already Been Done - 12”, digital (2014)
Lory D - Strange Days Vol. 3 - 12” (2015)
DJ Deeon - Deeon Doez Deeon! - 12”, digital (2015)
Adesse Versions - Pride - 12” (2015)
Dukwa - Shattered In A Thousand Pieces - 12" (2017)
Artists
Artists whose music has been released by Numbers, Stuff, Wireblock or Dress 2 Sweat include:
Reception
2010: Jack Revill (AKA Jackmaster) was awarded 'Breakthrough DJ' award at DJ Magazine's Best of British Awards.
See also
LuckyMe
References
External links
Record labels established in 2010
British independent record labels
Electronic music record labels
Club nights
is a shōjo 4-panel manga series written and illustrated by Konami Sonoda. It was first serialized in the magazine Ribon Original in 2003, and later the main Ribon magazine in March 2004. 11 volumes of the manga have been published by Shueisha under the Ribon Mascot Comics imprint, and Viz Media published the first five volumes in English under the Viz Kids imprint.
In Japan, the series was popular among elementary and junior high school students, with critics citing the fashion focus and emphasis on friendship as its strong points. The popularity of the series led to a live-action television adaptation in 2007.
Beginning with the September 2019 issue of Ribon, Sonoda put the manga on hiatus due to poor health. They later died from breast cancer on August 4, 2019.
Plot
ChocoMimi follows the daily lives of best friends Choco and Mimi, two fashionable junior high girls, as well as their own social circle and family. While Choco is serious and diligent, spoiled sweet Mimi is imaginative and spacey. Together, they experience and explore everyday problems at home, with their friends, and at school. Each chapter ends with a fashion tip from both Choco and Mimi.
Characters
Main characters
/
; portrayed by Yukika Teramoto (TV series)
Choco is a gentle and reliable teenager who does well in school and has a liking towards fashion.  They are best friends with Mimi and often tries to serve as a figure of responsibility amidst the former's antics. They enjoy cooking and creating crafts. Some jokes in the manga revolve around their poor singing and drawing abilities. Them family runs a cafe called the March Rabbit; they themselves hope to find a future of opening their own cafe.
; portrayed by Kayano Masuyama (TV series)
Mimi is a carefree, optimistic girl.  They are a poor student and often tries to slide out from working on their schoolwork, but they have a wild, amusing imagination. Most of their daydreams consist of finding true loves and secret worlds. They claim Mikami is their "dream prince," although they are shown to have feelings towards Mumu. They own a plush bear toy named , a recurring mascot in the manga.
/
; portrayed by Yuya Kido (TV series)
Andō is transfer student from Osaka who is quiet and plays guitar in a band.  They are intimidating at first glance, but they are kind and cares deeply for animals.  They are good friends with Choco, although their relationship becomes awkward at times due to their feelings for each other.
; portrayed by Tōko Miura (TV series)
A mischievous student with a self-centered attitude that causes them to constantly clash with Mimi. They have a very cute, feminine appearance that they take pride in. They have feelings for Mimi and gets easily jealous when Mimi tends to favor Mikami instead of himself. They adore Mimi's dog, Chiffon. Like Mimi, they are a poor student and despises school and homework. They own a plush bear toy named , a counterpart to Mimi's Pirate Bear.
/
Portrayed by: Masahiro Usui (TV series)
Ando's classmate whom Mimi compares to a prince.  They are a good student and does well academically, but they are rather air-headed and prone to making bizarre comments.  They are Mr. Take's nephew.
/
Portrayed by: Ayame Gouriki (TV series)
Bambi is Ando's level-headed, tomboyish childhood friend. They love singing and playing sports. They have slight feelings for Ando but puts them aside for Choco and Ando's relationship. In spite of this, they are very close to Choco and gets along well with the rest of the group.
Other characters
/
Portrayed by: Taro Suwa (TV series)
Choco, Mimi, and Mumu's homeroom teacher.  They are constantly exasperated by Mimi's shortcomings and is often frustrated with their inability to concentrate on their studies.  They are also the uncle of Mikami and Aoi.
Misaki is a third-year student and Choco and Mimi's senior.  They are very pretty, but is rather eccentric. At times, they behave in an outlandish, almost stalker-like manner due to their extreme crush on Mr. Take, which often disturbs the others. They were introduced in the fourth volume.
/
Abe is a third-year student who is the captain of the soccer team.  They are friendly and has a crush on Choco. They remain on good terms with them and their friends even after they turn them down.
A classmate of Choco and Mimi who is extremely popular in their class. They have a crush on Misaki and has been in love with them since they saw them at the entrance ceremony. They do not understand Misaki's obsession with Mr. Take.
/
Maho-Maho is Mimi's old friend from their childhood. They knew each other when they were young and had made a promise to marry each other, although Mimi has forgotten about it. Mumu is jealous of him.  They are honest, though not very bright, which pleases Mimi to see that someone is duller than herself. They work in the library with Mikami. They were introduced in the sixth volume.
A shy and pessimistic first-year student who has a crush on Mumu. They were friendless before meeting Mumu and the gang. They were introduced in the seventh volume.
/
A beautiful but narcissistic first-year student.  They are constantly competing with Mumu over who has the best appearance. They claim that they will not fall in love with any other person because they are in love with herself. They were introduced in the seventh volume.
Family members
Portrayed by: Kousei Amano (TV series)
Mimi's father who dotes on them and honors them every request. They become upset whenever they are disappointed in their actions.
Portrayed by: Reo Sawada (TV series)
Choco's energetic, the youngest brother in the fifth grade. They and Ando get along very well with each other due their hobby of playing video games. They have a crush on Aoi.
Choco's second younger brother.  They are usually poker-faced and very stoic; the others often comment on how they do not look related to their siblings.  They are a year younger than Choco. Mimi and Mumu often tease them by calling them the name "Rachel," which they dislike.  They are often compared to Ando on their similar appearances and behaviors. They were introduced in the fourth volume.
Portrayed by: Kana Okunoyama (TV series)
Mikami's sweet younger sister, whom Jin has a crush on.  They are a year older than Jin and loves reading.
Animals
(TV series)
Mimi's pet dog who communicates in an archaic dialect. They dislike it when Mimi dresses them up, as they believe themselves to be a samurai.
(TV series)
Choco's sassy, female pet cat.
Ando's female pet chick, whom they constantly dote on.
A kitten that was found by Choco and Mimi at school, whom Mumu takes in. Their real name is , but Mumu calls them "Anko" in public out of embarrassment.
Media
Manga
ChocoMimi debuted on Ribon Original in 2003. After the magazine became defunct in 2004, it was moved to Ribon. The chapters were later released in bound volumes by Shueisha for a total of 11 volumes under the Ribon Mascot Comics imprint. Sonoda put the series on hiatus beginning the September 2019 issue due to health issues and later died from breast cancer on August 4, 2019.
Viz Media licensed the series in English and released the first five volumes under their Viz Kids imprint. The first volume was released with a sticker set.
Drama CD
A drama CD adaptation featuring ChocoMimi, along with Love-Berrish! and Animal Yokochō, was released as a mail-order gift with the December 2005 issue of Ribon, featuring the voices of Ami Koshimizu as Choco, Ai Nonaka as Mimi, Takayuki Sasada as Ando, and Motoki Takagi as Mumu.
Television drama
The manga was adapted into a live-action television drama series. The series was directed by Yoka Kusano and aired weekly for 26 episodes on TV Tokyo from October 1, 2007 to March 31, 2008 at 5:30 PM. Each episode was divided into two parts and used flash animation for effects and animated segments. ChocoMimi starred a number of children and teen newcomer actors, with its main cast composed of Yukika Teramoto as Choco, AKB48 member Kayano Masuyama as Mimi, Yuya Kido as Andrew, Tōko Miura as Mumu, and Masahiro Usui as Mikachin.
The opening theme, "Happy Happy!", was performed by Teramoto and Masuyama under the name Choco & Mimi, which charted #175 on the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart upon release. The ending themes are "I Can't!!" by Mystic for episodes 1-13; and "Rocket" by Teramoto, Masuyama, Yuya Kido, Tōko Miura, and Masahiro Usui under the name Choco & Mimi with Andrew, Mumu, and Mikachin for episodes 14-26.
Episodes
Reception
In Japan, ChocoMimi was popular among its target demographic of elementary and junior high students. The fashion focus of the series has been compared to Love and Berry: Dress Up and Dance!, while Choco and Mimi's friendship was compared to Nana and Hachi's from Nana. Lori Henderson from School Library Journal reviewed the series favorably, approving of its "short and sweet" stories and emphasis on friendship, while recommending the series to children in the 9-12 age group. On the other hand, Katherine Dacey from School Library Journal criticized Choco and Mimi's characterization for enforcing negative stereotypes of teen girls as "materialistic, ditzy, and uninterested in school" and felt "bothered" about the stories where Choco and Mimi were concerned about their weight. Publishers Weekly recommended the series specifically to preteen girls, especially ones interested in Japanese culture.
References
External links
TV Tokyo's official site for ChocoMimi
2003 manga
Japanese television dramas based on manga
Shōjo manga
Shueisha manga
TV Tokyo original programming
Viz Media manga
Yonkoma
Manicotti (the plural form of the Italian word manicotto), literally, "little sleeves" (< manica 'sleeve' + the diminutive ending -otto), are an Italian-American cuisine form of pasta. Manicotti are very large pasta tubes, usually ridged, that are intended to be stuffed and baked.
The filling is generally ricotta cheese mixed with cooked chopped spinach, and possibly ground meat such as veal. They are then topped with béchamel sauce, usually made with Pecorino Romano cheese, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, tomato sauce or some combination of these.
Similar to the Italian cannelloni, manicotti can be extruded in tube form, or rolled from sheets of dough.
A version of the manicotti recipe uses a crêpe instead of pasta tubes to contain the filling, which is similarly covered in sauce and baked.
References
Types of pasta
Italian-American cuisine
The macro region of Kresy denotes the Eastern historical provinces of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. In the 20th century during the Second Republic of Poland it was the term for its Eastern Borderlands. Following the "Fourth Partition of Poland", the Tehran, Yalta and Potsdam Conferences, in the wake of the Second world war, ratified the annexation of the Kresy territories by the Soviet Union. They were apportioned to Lithuania, Belarus and Ukraine where they remain.
A number of notable or influential figures from Polish history were born in the former macro region (note: the following list does not include Poles born in the cities of Lwów (Lviv), and Wilno (Vilnius) - see List of Leopolitans, List of Vilnius-related people).
Jozef J. Zwislocki, physicist and neuroscientist, born in Lwów.
References
History of Poland
Lists of Polish people
Lists of Ukrainian people
Lists of Lithuanian people
Ukrainian people of Polish descent
Vincent Ward (born 16 February 1956) is a New Zealand film director, screenwriter and artist. Their films have received international recognition at both the Academy Awards and the Cannes Film Festival.
Life and Career
Vincent Ward was born on 16 February 1956 near Greytown, New Zealand. They attended Ilam School of Fine Arts at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand where they received a Diploma in Fine Arts (with Honours) in 1981. In 2014 the University of Canterbury awarded them an Honorary Doctorate in Fine Arts and an adjunct professorship.
In 1978, at the age of 21, they shot A State of Siege, their debut short-feature film, which adapted a novel by Janet Frame. It was released theatrically and reviewed by The Los Angeles Times who described it as, ‘Rigorously constructed with one exquisitely composed image following another ... film becomes poetry'. The film won a Special Jury Prize at the Miami Film Festival 1978 and a Golden Hugo Award at the Chicago Film Festival that same year.
In 1978–81, Ward lived in remote Te Urewera with an old Tūhoe woman named Puhi and their schizophrenic son Niki. They made a documentary about them called In Spring One Plants Alone, which won the 1982 Grand Prix at Cinéma du Réel (Paris), and a Silver Hugo at the Chicago Film Festival.
Ward's next three films, Vigil (1984), The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey (1988) and Map of the Human Heart (1993) were the first films by a New Zealander to be officially selected ‘in competition' at the Cannes Film Festival. Between them they garnered close to 30 national and international awards (including the Grand Prix at festivals in Italy, Spain, Germany, France and the United States).
Vigil (1984), follows an imaginative, solitary child living on a remote farm and is partly inspired by Ward's own rural upbringing in the Wairarapa. It was produced by John Maynard and shot in Taranaki. A child actor (Fiona Kay) played the central role.
Ward's second feature, a fantasy-adventure film, The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey (1988), was inspired by an experience they had in Germany. They recount attempting to cross the autobahn on foot and ending up dodging traffic. The experience made such an impression on him, it was the key image that sparked the idea for the film. The Navigator follows a group of 14th-century Cumbrian villagers who tunnel through the earth, and find themselves in modern-day Auckland. Ward says “what I wanted to do was look at the 20th Century through medieval eyes, It's as if the demons of our contemporary world, our technological monsters of destruction, could be foreseen in the nightmares of medieval men”. Rolling Stone's review hailed it as “A visionary film of rare courage and imperishable heart.” The film won the Grand Prix at four film festivals including; Sitges Film Festival, Fanta Film Festival, and Oporto Film Festival 1998/89. And took home Best Film and Best Director at both the Australian and New Zealand film industry awards in 1989.
In 1990, Ward wrote the story for Alien 3, a proposed sequel to the film Aliens; Ward received a ‘story by' credit on the final film. The heart of their original script, known as ‘the monks in space' version, was however not captured in the final film and has since been recognised by the London Times Online, who in 2008 gave it the top spot on their list of 'greatest sci-fi movies never made'.
Ward's next film Map of the Human Heart (1993) charts a relationship between an Inuit boy, a Métis girl and a visiting British cartographer. Ward and their co-writer Louis Nowra spent time travelling and researching the project together in Canada and Vincent went on to travel extensively in the Arctic before they began writing the script. Ward suffered minor frostbite whilst location scouting in the Arctic that was still visible throughout the shoot. The film stars Jason Scott Lee, Anne Parillaud and Patrick Bergin, and features John Cusack in a minor role. It was produced by Tim Bevan and Ward, and it was screened as a work in progress at Cannes Film Festival in 1992, it was later nominated for best film at the Australian Film Institute Awards. American critic Roger Ebert praised its unpredictability and sense of adventure.
In the 1990s Ward spent several years in and out of Hollywood, where they developed multiple projects before they signed on to direct What Dreams May Come (1998) a screenplay adapted by Ronald Bass from Richard Matheson's 1978 novel. What Dreams May Come was released in the United States on 2,600 screens and starred Robin Williams, Annabella Sciorra, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Max von Sydow. It reached US$71 million in theatrical sales and performed strongly in the video market. The film was nominated for Best Production Design and Best Visual Effects at the 1999 Academy Awards and won an Oscar for visual effects. It continues to be popular with audiences scoring 84% on Rotten Tomatoes.
The 2003 epic, The Last Samurai was based on a project Ward spent four years developing with the films producers. Eventually, after Ward approached several directors, including Francis Ford Coppola and Peter Weir, they got Edward Zwick to helm the film. Ward was an executive producer of the film.
During their time in Hollywood, Ward became interested in acting and trained under acting coach Penny Allen. They had a small part in Mike Figgis' film Leaving Las Vegas (1995), and a larger role in Figgis' next film One-Night Stand (1997). They were given one of the leading role in a US independent feature film The Shot (1996), and a role in Geoff Murphy's film Spooked (2004).
In 2005, they returned to New Zealand and made River Queen. Starring Samantha Morton, Kiefer Sutherland, Stephen Rea, Temuera Morrison and Cliff Curtis.
Rain of the Children followed in 2008, wherein Ward retells the story of Puhi, the elderly Tuhoe woman who was the subject of their earlier documentary In Spring One Plants Alone. Rain of the Children won the Grand Prix at Era New Horizons Film Festival. The film was nominated for best director and won the best composer at the Qantas Film and TV Awards in New Zealand. Vincent Ward was also nominated for best director at the Australian Directors Guild Awards.
Ward has had 2 full retrospectives of their films. In 1984 at Germany's Hof International Film Festival and in 2008 at Poland's Era New Horizons Film Festival.
The Boston Globe has called Vincent Ward "one of film's great image makers", while Roger Ebert, one of America's foremost film critics, hailed them as "a true visionary."
In October 2020, filming began in Ukraine on Ward's new feature Storm School with further shooting planned in China, UK and Australia. It is based on a script cowritten by Ward and long-term collaborator Louis Nowra.
Painting and photography
Since 2010 Ward has launched a second career as a painter and video artist. In 2012 they had their first major solo show, Breath, at New Zealand's cutting edge public gallery, the Govett-Brewster Art Gallery/Len Lye Centre in New Plymouth. This was followed by two other public gallery showings in Auckland and a solo pavilion at the 9th Shanghai Biennale 2012.
Ward received an honorary Doctorate in Fine Arts from the University of Canterbury (2014) and an adjunct professorship. In 2015 they had a guest professorship at the China Academy of Art, in Hanzhou, as well as a residency at the Shanghai University School of Fine Arts.
Ward is represented in New Zealand by Trish Clark Gallery.
Art writer and reviewer Anthony Byrt (Art Forum) described the work as “intense... stunning... virtuosic” and said “Ward has never shied away from the truth: they dig and digs until they get somewhere other filmmakers and artists don't often visit: a psychic space where violence, memory, myth, sex and religion mingle in a landscape scarred by history.”.
Rhana Devenport, director Govett-Brewster Art Gallery, wrote in their catalog for the exhibition: Ward's ongoing concerns with metamorphosis, falling, light, fear, memory, darkness and the transformative moment have led them to create a series of vast, physically imposing works that delve into other-worldly landscapes and transcendent states, to evocations of loss, redemption and unconscious realms.
Filmography
Short films
Feature films
Executive producer
The Last Samurai (2003)
Bibliography
By Vincent Ward
The Navigator, A Medieval Odyssey. Screenplay (Faber and Faber: 1989).
Edge of the Earth: Stories and Images from the Antipodes (Auckland: Heinemann Reed, 1990).
The Past Awaits, people, images, film. Large-format, full-colour photographic book of images and stories (published in New Zealand by Craig Potton Publishing, 2010).
Inhale | Exhale. Large format. Full color reproductions of Vincent Wards artwork from their 2011–2012 exhibitions (Breath Govett Brewster Art Gallery, Inhale | Exhale Gus Fisher Gallery and Pah Homestead, Auckland Station Shanghai Biennale) (Ron Sang Publications, 2012).
About Vincent Ward
Making the Transformational Moment in Film: Unleashing the Power of the Image (with the Films of Vincent Ward), by Dan Fleming, (Michael Wiese Productions, 2011).
Awards and honours
Their films have earned critical acclaimed and festival attention.
In Spring One Plants Alone won the 1982 Grand Prix at Cinema du Reel (Paris), and a Silver Hugo at the Chicago Film Festival.
Vigil, The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey and Map of the Human Heart were the first films by a New Zealander to be selected for the Cannes Film Festival. These films earned close to 30 national and international awards (including the Grand Prix at festivals in Italy, Spain, France and the United States). All three films have compelling and powerful performances by child actors.
The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey won major awards at both the Australian and New Zealand film industry awards.
What Dreams May Come was nominated for two Academy Awards and won the Oscar for best visual effects in 1999.
"Rain of the Children won the Grand Prix at Era New Horizons Film Festival. The film was nominated for awards and won at the Qantas Film and TV Awards in New Zealand. Vincent Ward was also nominated for best director at the Australian Directors Guild Awards for "Rain of the Children."
References
External links
Vincent Ward Films
1956 births
Living people
New Zealand film directors
New Zealand screenwriters
Male screenwriters
Officers of the New Zealand Order of Merit
University of Canterbury alumni
Ilam School of Fine Arts alumni
People educated at St. Patrick's College, Silverstream
People from Greytown, New Zealand
New Zealand painters
People educated at Kuranui College
The 2006–07 season was Olympiacos's 48th consecutive season in the Super League Greece and their 81st year in existence. The club were played their 10th consecutive season in the UEFA Champions League. Manager Trond Sollied left the club by mutual consent on December 29, 2006 due to the club's lower-than-expected performance of the team in the UEFA Champions League, and was replaced by Greek Takis Lemonis.
Squad
Squad changes during 2006/2007 season
In:
Tomislav Butina
Abdeslam Ouaddou
Felix Borja
Marco Ne
Michał Żewłakow
Didier Domi
Júlio César Santos Correa
Charilaos Pappas return from Apollon Kalamarias
Vasilis Torosidis from Skoda Xanthi (Dec. 2006)
Out:
Gabriel Schurrer free transfer to Málaga CF
Tasos Kyriakos free transfer to Aris Thessaloniki
Spyros Vallas on loan to AE Larisa
Dimitris Mavrogennidis free transfer to Iraklis Thessaloniki
Stelios Venetidis free transfer to AEL 1964
Alexandre Joaquim D'Akol on loan to Kerkyra FC
Yaya Touré transferred to AS Monaco
Daniel García Lara free transfer
Abdeslam Ouaddou free transfer (Dec. 2006)
Athanasios Kostoulas free transfer to Skoda Xanthi
Club
The Management
Other information
Competitions
Overall
Super League Greece
Classification
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
All times at EET
Greek Cup
Fourth round
Fifth round
Quarter-finals
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
All times at CET
Team kit
|
|
|
|
References
External links
Official Website of Olympiacos Piraeus
Olympiacos F.C. seasons
Olympiacos F.C.
Greek football championship-winning seasons
Ange Flore Atsé Chiépo is an Ivorian former footballer who played as a forward. They have been a member of the Ivory Coast women's national team.
International career
Atsé capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2008 African Women's Championship qualification (first round).
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
Living people
Ivorian women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2021–22 Kosovar Cup is the football knockout competition of Kosovo in the 2021–22 season.
Preliminary Round
The teams of the Third League and the Second League, through elimination come up to 2 winning teams which are then joined in the Round of 32.
Round of 32
The draw for the Round of 32 (Second Round) was held on 29 November 2021 in Football Federation of Kosovo's offices. 32 teams from Kosovo Superleague, First League and Second League participated in this round.
Summary
The matches were played on 1 December and 2 December 2021. All matches started at 12:30 CET.
Round of 16
The draw for the Round of 16 was held on 7 December 2021. 9 teams from the Kosovo Superleague, 6 from the First League and only one from the Second League will participate in this round.
Summary
The matches will be played from 5 February until 7 February 2022. All matches will start at 13:00 CET.
Quarter Finals
The draw for the Quarter Finals was held on 10 February 2022.
Summary
The matches will take place on 16 and 17 March 2022.
Semi Finals
The draw for the Semifinals was held on 31 March 2022. The first semifinal matches took place on April 7, while the return matches will be played on April 13.
First leg
Second leg
Final
Statistics
Top scorers
Notes
References
Kosovar Cup seasons
Kosovo
Cup
Vicente Rojas Lizcano (October 26, 1879, in Chinácota, Colombia – March 1, 1943, in Pamplona, Colombia), known as Biófilo Panclasta, was a political activist, writer, and Colombian individualist anarchist. In 1904 they began to use the pseudonym by which they were later known: Biófilo, lover of life, and Panclasta, enemy of all. They traveled to more than fifty countries, agitating for anarchist ideas and taking part in worker and union demonstrations, in the course of which they befriended such people as Kropotkin, Maxim Gorky, and Lenin.
Biography
Early life
The son of Bernardo Rojas and Simona Lizcano, a working-class woman, Biófilo began their studies in Pamplona, a city close to Chinácota. From 1897 to 1898 they were in the Escuela Normal of Bucaramanga, from which they were expelled for publishing a small periodical in which they denounced the re-election of president Miguel Antonio Caro. Here is a popular quote of his: "Being ruled over is just as repulsive a thought to me as being ruler. Each man must be their own road, I don´t follow and I´ll never ask to be followed"
Participation in the Venezuelan Revolution
In 1899 they left school and traveled to Venezuela, where, with Eleazar López Contreras, they founded the first Public School in the town of Capacho Nuevo, the capital of the Independencia municipality (State of Táchira). That same year they sign up for the army of the Venezuelan Cipriano Castro, which had as its goal the downfall of president Ignacio Andrade. They soon left this group behind and wandered around Venezuela with other revolutionary groups that prowled through Trujillo, Portuguesa, Cojedes and Carabobo. They arrived at the city of Valencia in January 1900. In November 1904 they traveled to the Colombian city of Baranquilla, now as a coronel in the army of Cipriano Castro; they offered their support as a fighter to the Colombian forces against the Panamanian separatists supported by the United States.
First contacts with Anarchism
In 1906 they traveled to Buenos Aires, Argentina. There their contact with anarchist and socialist thought began as they attended meetings and wrote for partisan newspapers. That same year, they left for Europe as a delegate of the Federación Obrera Regional Argentina to the Workers' Congress in Amsterdam. In the Netherlands they were invited by the Social Studies group to give the opposing opinion to a talk by Bestraud called "Anarchy Against Life."
Revolutionary Activity in Colombia
In 1908 they were exiled from Spain at the request of the Colombian president, Rafael Reyes. They arrived in Puerto Colombia with the plan of continuing to Bogotá; however, they chose to travel again and take refugue in Panama, from which they were once again exiled by order of Rafael Reyes. They were imprisoned and turned over to Colombian authorities. From then on Biófilo Panclasta would only leave one prison to enter another: they were jailed in Cartagena (1909), Barranquilla (1910) and Bogotá (1911). Certain national newspapers such as Maquetas demanded the death sentence for him, stating that they were a danger to public order.
Return to Venezuela: Valencia Prison
"The prisoners who had seen me enter into the cell were careful, in their entrance, not to trip over my cold, weak body. One of them felt with their hand my flesh, which did not shudder because I had already suffered all pain, and observing that I neither moved nor spoke, exclaimed sadly and softly, 'They hung this one in the Police Station and brought them to die here.'"
Biófilo returned to the Venezuelan city of Valencia in 1914. There they were imprisoned giving a speech in praise of the French nation in a public square, days after the beginning of the First World War. The real reason they were imprisoned was the orders given by the underlings of president Juan Vicente Gómez, who had succeeded Cipriano Castro, Panclasta's friend, in a coup d'état. During the seven years they remained in prison, Biófilo was subjected to forced labor, deprivation, and hunger, according to each successive warden's wishes. They spent their prison years with various Venezuelan political prisoners, many of whom died in that jail. In 1921, thanks to a warden assigned by the recently named governor of the state of Carabobo, José Antonio Baldó, Biófilo was transferred to Castillo Libertador, where they were treated more humanely and set free in a few months.
Revolutionary activity around the world
In 1923, two years after leaving the Valencia prison, Biófilo was selected as delegate of the Mexican Anarchist Association to a congress in Barcelona. There they proposed a project named Operation Europe, which had as its goal:
The following year they traveled to São Paulo to help organize a coffee-growers' strike, but was once more jailed and transferred to the city of Cayena, from which they escaped. The League of the Rights of Man sent them to Martinique; having secretly visited fifty-two countries, they returned to Colombia. There they were imprisoned together with the syndicalist Raúl Mahecha, in the city of San Gil. The following year, in Bogotá, they founded the Centro de Unión y Acción Revolucionaria [Center for Revolutionary Unity and Action], whose lemma was: "Revolutionaries of all ideals, unite!"
Last years
In 1934, Biófilo Panclasta began cohabiting with Julia Ruiz, a well-known fortune teller who worked in Bogotá. They dedicated their time to writing for newspapers and granting interviews, also sending letters to some Latin American presidents. Their companion died in January 1939. One year later, Biófilo attempted suicide in Barranquilla, electrocuting themselves and cutting their throat with a straight razor. In December of that year, the Bucaramanga police banned them from the city for being a derelict and an alcoholic. They died on March 1, 1943, in the old folk's home of Pamplona, from a tremendous heart attack.
Anarchist Thought
Biófilo Panclasta's ideas on anarchism were quite idiosyncratic. They oscillated between individualist anarchism and social anarchism, which can be seen in a series of letters they wrote from Barranquilla prison in 1910. At first, Biófilo presented themselves as an extreme and radical individualist, echoing the ideas of their favorite philosopher, Nietzsche. Biófilo hated the herd:
For Panclasta, the social struggle they carried out was not for others, but for himself, to feel alive. Fighting for others allowed him, they said, to unfold all their capacities for action, for love or hate.
But Biófilo was just as capable of identifying with social anarchism. Biófilo's opinions on both currents of anarchism are of a piece with their overall way of thinking, that of someone who hated absolutes and extremes, who thought that people are neither completely social nor entirely individual. They tried to distance themselves from any form of political militancy, even anarchist organizations. They wrote of a conversation with Kropotkin where they told him:
Biófilo Panclasta's way of thinking shows that, more than a man of ideas, they were a man of action. Biófilo used the need that people have to free themselves from oppression to act from; for him, organizations are effective only in practice, not in a programmatic sense. They work based on human interests, which they called situational interests.
Works
Books in English translation
Seven Years Buried Alive. Seattle: Ritmomaquia, 2013.
Books in Spanish
PANCLASTA, Biófilo (1932): "Siete años enterrado vivo en una de las mazmorras de Gomezuela". Tipografía la Libertad, Bogotá.
VILLANUEVA, Orlando; VEGA, Renán; GAMBOA, Juan, CLAVIJO, Amadeo; FAJARDO, Luis (1992): "Biófilo Panclasta, el eterno prisionero". Ediciones Alas de Xue.
References
External links
Biófilo Panclasta's works at TheAnarchistLibrary.org
1879 births
1943 deaths
Anarchist writers
Beggars
Colombian anarchists
Colombian male writers
Colombian non-fiction writers
Colombian political writers
Egoist anarchists
Individualist anarchists
Political activists
The Woman in White is a British mystery television series adapted from the novel of the same title by Wilkie Collins. It first aired on BBC 2 in five parts between 14 April and 12 May 1982.
Main cast
Diana Quick as Marian Halcombe
Ian Richardson as Frederick Fairlie
John Shrapnel as Sir Percival Glyde
Jenny Seagrove as Laura Fairlie
Kevin Elyot as Louis
Alan Badel as Count Fosco
Daniel Gerroll as Walter Hartright
Georgine Anderson as Countess Fosco
Anna Lindup as Fanny
Deirdra Morris as Anne Catherick
Anna Wing as Mrs. Clements
Carol MacReady as Mrs. Michelson
Jeannie Crowther as Margaret Porcher
Andrew Carr as Fletcher
Hilary Sesta as Madame Rubelle
Pauline Jameson as Mrs. Catherick
References
Bibliography
Baskin, Ellen. Serials on British Television, 1950-1994. Scolar Press, 1996.
Miller, Ron. Mystery Classics on Film: The Adaptation of 65 Novels and Stories. McFarland, 2017.
External links
BBC television dramas
1982 British television series debuts
1982 British television series endings
1980s British drama television series
1980s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Television shows based on British novels
Trample the Weak, Hurdle the Dead is the fourth studio album by American death metal band Skinless. It is the only album to feature vocalist Jason Keyser, as well as the band's only album without vocalist Sherwood Webber IV.
The album art features first person point view of Noah Carpenter wearing a gas mask pointing a rifle at them, perhaps even stabbing the onlooker with an attached bayonet.
Track listing
All songs written by Jason Keyser and Noah Carpenter.
Notes
The first track, "Overlord," starts with a sample from Caesar's climactic speech from Conquest of the Planet of the Apes. The sample at the start of the next track, "A Unilateral Disgust," is from Hot Shots! Part Deux. The sample at the start of "Trample the Weak, Hurdle the Dead" is from Patton. The fifth sample is at the end of track seven, "Execution of Reason," which is from Mystery Science Theater 3000 - The Touch of Satan episode. The tour in support of the album included headlining the final Metal for the Brain Festival in Canberra, Australia.
Line up
Jason Keyser - Vocals
Joe Keyser - Bass
Noah Carpenter - Guitar
Bob Beaulac - Drums
References
2006 albums
Skinless albums
Nemaha County (standard abbreviation: NM) is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 10,273. The county seat is Seneca.
History
Early history
For many millennia the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Nemaha County was established.
The first railroad in Nemaha County was built in 1866.
On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" passed through Nemaha county. This tornado measured F4 on the Fujita scale, and had a damage path wide and long. Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured in this tornado.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Richardson County, Nebraska (northeast)
Brown County (east)
Jackson County (southeast)
Pottawatomie County (southwest)
Marshall County (west)
Pawnee County, Nebraska (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,717 people, 3,959 households, and 2,763 families residing in the county. The population density was 15 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 4,340 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.35% White, 0.49% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.10% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.17% from other races, and 0.60% from two or more races. 0.71% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,959 households, out of which 34.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.90% were married couples living together, 5.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.20% were non-families. 28.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.20.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.50% under the age of 18, 6.00% from 18 to 24, 24.10% from 25 to 44, 19.40% from 45 to 64, and 22.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,296, and the median income for a family was $41,838. Males had a median income of $28,879 versus $19,340 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,121. About 6.50% of families and 9.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.90% of those under age 18 and 8.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Nemaha County is strongly Republican. Lyndon Johnson is the only Democrat to have carried the county since 1936.
Laws
Nemaha County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Prairie Hills USD 113
Nemaha Central USD 115
Communities
Cities
Bern
Centralia
Corning
Goff
Oneida
Sabetha (partly in Brown County)
Seneca
Wetmore
Census-designated place
Baileyville
Other unincorporated communities
Berwick
Capioma
Kelly
Neuchatel
St. Benedict
Woodlawn
Townships
Nemaha County is divided into twenty townships. The cities of Sabetha and Seneca are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nemaha County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
Atlas of Nemaha County, Kansas; Anderson Publishing Co; 62 pages; 1922.
Plat Book of Nemaha County, Kansas; A.R. Stinson; 53 pages; 1908.
External links
County
Nemaha County – Directory of Public Officials
Other information
The Irving Tornado
Historical Tornadoes
Maps
Nemaha County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Charles Sweetser (January 22, 1808 – April 14, 1864) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Dummerston, Vermont, Sweetser moved with their parents to Delaware, Ohio, in 1817.
They attended the public schools.
They engaged in mercantile pursuits.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1832 and commenced practice in Delaware, Ohio.
Sweetser was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Congresses (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1853).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Public Expenditures (Thirty-second Congress).
They resumed the practice of law.
They died in Delaware, Ohio, April 14, 1864.
They were interred in Oak Grove Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1808 births
1864 deaths
People from Dummerston, Vermont
People from Delaware, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Oak Grove Cemetery, Delaware, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Hakimullah Mehsud (Pashto/; − 1 November 2013), born Jamshed Mehsud () and also known as Zulfiqar Mehsud (), was a Pakistani militant who was the second emir of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan. They were deputy to commander Baitullah Mehsud and one of the leaders of the militant group Fedayeen al-Islam prior to the elder Mehsud's death in a CIA drone missile strike.
They had been the TTP's commander in the Khyber, Kurram and Orakzai agencies of Pakistan. They were described as being born about 1979 and a cousin of Qari Hussain. They were known to be a young and aggressive field commander, who previously served as a driver and was very close to Baitullah Mehsud. Hakimullah Mehsud maintained ties to al-Qaeda, the Afghan Taliban and various Pakistani jihadist groups, such as Lashkar-e-Taiba, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, and Jaish-e-Mohammed.
Reports initially indicated they were fatally wounded on 14 January 2010 by a U.S. drone attack although two videos released by the TTP in 2010 and 2011 proved that they survived the attack. Mehsud was reported by Pakistani intelligence to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike on 12 January 2012. However, the Pakistani Taliban denied the claim. It was later confirmed by the group that they were killed in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan on 1 November 2013.
Early years and family
Hakimullah was born as Jamshed Mehsud in the region of Kotkai in South Waziristan. According to the FBI's Most Wanted Terrorists list, Mehsud was born within the years ranging from 1978 to 1981. One birth date listed is the 1st of January, 1980.
Mehsud was educated in a village madrassa, the Dar-ul-Uloom Shariah headed by Mufti Sarwar, in the Serwekai town of South Waziristan. Baitullah Mehsud also attended the same school but eventually dropped out. They also attended a secular school until Class 8.
According to a short seven-page autobiography they wrote, they were the eldest of nine siblings, having four brothers and four sisters, and was married twice, first to a fellow Mehsud and later to an Afridi from the Orakzai District, and in terms of religious activities they say they spent many months in a preaching mission with the Tablighi Jamaat.
Militant activity
Activities
Jamshed Mehsud joined their clansman Baitullah in jihad, initially as their bodyguard and aide. They adopted the nom de guerre Zulfiqar, then later took the name Hakimullah, meaning one who has knowledge. They gained a reputation within the Taliban for their battle skills with the AK-47 and the Toyota pick-up truck. One Taliban member told a BBC correspondent that at the time Hakimullah's reputed skills were second only to Nek Mohammad.
In 2004, they were made a spokesperson. They organised a series of raids against US military convoys between the summer of 2007 and the spring of 2008 that forced the closure of the Khyber Pass six times. In 2008, they were given command of the Orakzai, Khyber and Kurram districts.
Tehrik-e-Taliban leadership
On 22 August 2009, Hakimullah Mehsud was appointed unanimously as the new leader of the Tehrik-e-Taliban by a 42-member shura. Analysts cited by The Daily Times interpreted the appointment of the 28-year-old commander as a way to admit the death of Baitullah Mehsud although spokespersons for the group continued to vehemently deny their death, instead saying they were ill.
Baitullah's successor
Pakistani news channels reported on 8 August 2009 that Hakimullah Mehsud was killed after shooting erupted between their camp and that of Wali-ur-Rehman during a shura to determine the successor to the slain Baitullah Mehsud. Interior Minister Rehman Malik could not confirm the death only that the fighting had occurred. On 10 August, a man claiming to be Hakimullah Mehsud called a Reuters reporter to declare that they and Baitullah were still alive. While the reporter was certain that the call was authentic, Pakistani officials awaited voice analysis results and stated that intercepted phone calls led to the intelligence of Hakimullah's death.
Wali-ur-Rehman telephoned a Reuters reporter to say that Hakimullah is alive, and would be calling soon, and that the first shura where the shooting supposedly occurred never took place.
Hakimullah Mehsud appeared alongside suicide bomber Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi in an early January 2010 video that claimed responsibility for the Camp Chapman attack in retaliation for the death of Baitullah Mehsud.
In February 2011, Hakimullah was seen in the execution video of Sultan Emir Tarar, better known as Col Imam. Imam was kidnapped in March 2010.
Rewards for capture
Pakistan bounty
On 2 November 2009 Pakistani authorities offered a Rs50 million ($600,000) reward for information that lead to the capture or killing of Hakimullah Mehsud. They offered the same reward for similar information regarding Wali-ur-Rehman and Qari Hussain and smaller rewards for 16 other TTP militants.
United States bounty
On 1 September 2010 the United States added the militant leader to its list of Specially Designated Global Terrorists and the TTP to its list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations. The FBI posted a reward of $5 million for information leading to their capture.
Death
On 1 November 2013, a senior Taliban source confirmed that a US drone strike in Pakistan killed Mehsud in the village of Dande Darpa Khel in North Waziristan. Dande Darpa Khel was the site of the Dande Darpa Khel airstrike in 2008. The drone strike also killed two other militants, along with their uncle and cousin.
At the time of their death they were living in a farmhouse worth $120 000, equipped with marble floors, green lawns and a tall minaret, where they used to grow apples, oranges, grapes and pomegranates.
References
External links
Waziristan and Mughal empire
Nehru in Waziristan
Sketch map of Waziristan
Mehsuds and Wazirs, the King-makers in a game of thrones
Lawrence of Arabia in Waziristan
1970s births
1980s births
2013 deaths
21st-century criminals
Deaths by drone strikes of the Central Intelligence Agency in Pakistan
Individuals designated as terrorists by the United States government
Pashtun people
People from Orakzai District
People from South Waziristan
Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan members
Pakistani Islamists
Tablighi Jamaat people
Leaders of Islamic terror groups
The Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Unstructured Reality Show is one of the award categories presented annually by the Critics' Choice Television Awards (BTJA). In 2016, the category Best Reality Series was separated into two categories – Best Unstructured Reality Show and Best Structured Reality Show. The winners are selected by a group of television critics that are part of the Broadcast Television Critics Association.
Winners and nominees
2010s
Best Reality Series
Best Unstructured Reality Show
See also
TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Reality Programming
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Unstructured Reality Program
References
Critics' Choice Television Awards
Kalagara Sai Lakshmana Rao, commonly known as K S Lakshmana Rao, is an ex-member of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Council.
Career
Roa worked as a lecturer in political science at the Hindu College in Guntur. , they are the state vice-president for Jan Vignana Vedika. They have been an active member of United Teacher Federation leading many movements to safeguard the interests of teachers.
In 2007 they contested the election for the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Council representing Krishna-Guntur Teachers Constituency. They won the election after the second-preference votes were counted and entered the Council for the first time. They secured 5,670 votes while the next contestant secured 2,210 votes.
They were re-elected in 2009 elections with over 76% of the first-preference votes. They're securing 7,625 first presidential votes out of 10,211 votes polled, while the next contestant secured 1,928 votes.
They have contested in 2015 elections, held on 22 March to the same constituency, but has lost the election. They secured 5,383 votes while the winner secured 7,146 votes.
They were re-elected in 2019 elections to the same constituency with a majority of 68,120 votes. At the end of 12 rounds of counting, they secured 80,670 votes out of 1.49 lakh votes polled.
References
Members of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Council
Living people
People from Guntur district
Year of birth missing (living people)
Assistant commissioner or assistant commissioner of police (ACP) is a rank used in various police forces, including those of Australia, India, and London.
Australia
In all Australian police forces, assistant commissioner is the rank below deputy commissioner. It is senior to the rank of commander in the South Australia Police and Victoria Police, superintendent in the Western Australia Police and NSW Police Force, and chief superintendent in the Queensland Police Service. In all services, the insignia consists of crossed tipstaves within a wreath.
Bangladesh
In the Bangladesh Police, assistant commissioner of police is the entry level post for cadre officers posted in metropolitan areas, equivalent to assistant superintendent of police in other areas.
Canada
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police has 26 officers with the rank and it is the third highest rank in the command structure of the force.
Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Police Force has the ranks of assistant commissioner of police (ACP) and senior assistant commissioner of police (SACP).
India
In the Indian police, assistant commissioner of police is only used in metropolitan areas and is equivalent to deputy superintendent of police in other areas. Officers of this rank may belong to the national Indian Police Service or the state police services, whereas lower ranks always belong to the individual state police services.
Ireland
In the Garda Síochána, the Republic of Ireland's national police force, the rank of assistant commissioner is between chief superintendent and deputy commissioner.
New Zealand
In the New Zealand Police, the rank of assistant commissioner is junior to the rank of deputy commissioner and is senior to the rank of superintendent. It is the highest rank that can be achieved by a sworn member without statutory appointment. There are currently five assistant commissioners.
Papua New Guinea
In Papua New Guinea, assistant commissioner is the rank between chief superintendent and deputy commissioner.
Singapore
In the Singapore Police Force, the rank may be held by staff department heads or directors.
United Kingdom
Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (AC) is the third highest rank in the London Metropolitan Police, ranking between deputy assistant commissioner and Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. The assistant commissioner is also the second-in-command of the City of London Police, ranking between commander and commissioner. The rank is not used in other British police forces.
See also
Police commissioner
Assistant commissioner (administration)
Police ranks
The IV Circuit du Lac was a Formula Two motor race held on 8 June 1952 at the Aix-les-Bains Circuit du Lac, France. The race was run over two heats each of 40 laps, with the winner being decided by aggregate time. The winner was Jean Behra in a Gordini Type 16, who started from pole in both heats, won both heats and set overall fastest lap. Lance Macklin was second in an HWM-Alta and Emmanuel de Graffenried third in a Maserati 4CLT/48. Behra's teammate Robert Manzon set the fastest lap in heat 1, but succumbed to mechanical failure in heat 2.
Classification
Race
1Heat 1 grid; grid places for heat 2 were determined by the finishing order in heat 1
2Trintignant drove in heat 2
References
Circuit du Lac
Circuit du Lac
Circuit du Lac
Russell John "Rusty" Lisch (born December 21, 1956) is an American former football quarterback in the National Football League. They played five seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals (1980–1983) and the Chicago Bears (1984). In five seasons in the NFL, Lisch only managed one touchdown versus 11 interceptions, and ended their career with a 25.1 passer rating.  They are considered by many to be one of the least effective quarterbacks in NFL history, if not the least effective, to have started multiple games.
Career
At the University of Notre Dame, Lisch was part of Dan Devine's first recruiting class in 1975. They made their first start in place of injured Rick Slager in 1976, achieving a 40–27 victory against Miami. They started the first three games of 1977, but then yielded the starting job to Joe Montana. Lisch would finally be named the permanent starting quarterback as a fifth-year senior in 1979, winning seven of ten starts, highlighted by their 336-yard passing effort as the Irish rallied from a 17–3 deficit against South Carolina for an 18–17 victory.
Lisch began their professional football career as the third-string quarterback with the St. Louis Cardinals. They completed six of 17 passes for 68 yards in the second half of a season-ending 31–7 loss to the Washington Redskins at Busch Memorial Stadium on December 21, 1980. With the Cardinals out of playoff contention again, and injuries to Ken Greene and Roy Green, Lisch was pressed into service as a free safety in the last three games of the 1981 campaign; despite having previously never played the position, they agreed with head coach Jim Hanifan and Cardinals coaching staff that this situation was better than being inactive on the sidelines.
Lisch's rather poor NFL career caused them to receive the "honor" as the worst player in NFL history from sports blog Deadspin in 2011, with the blog saying:
One year later, with both Jim McMahon and Steve Fuller injured, Lisch started a game for the Bears against Green Bay, but played so poorly that coach Mike Ditka berated Lisch before benching them late in the first half; Ditka inserted running back Walter Payton at quarterback.
A 2020 ESPN article detailing the Bears' perennially subpar quarterback play at the time revealed Lisch had declined to return to the field after being berated for their poor play. On the subsequent flight home, Lisch, a religious man, was reading the Bible when Ditka walked up and told him, "I hope there is something in that book about job opportunities, because you'll need one on Monday." That Monday, Lisch brought Ditka a rosary prior to being released. It would be Lisch's final season in the NFL.
Personal life
Their son is former professional basketball player Kevin Lisch.
References
1956 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
St. Louis Cardinals (football) players
Chicago Bears players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Sportspeople from Belleville, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Santa Cruz del Quiché is a city, with a population of 78,279 (2018 census), in Guatemala. It serves as the capital of the El Quiché department and the municipal seat of Santa Cruz del Quiché municipality. The city is located at , at an elevation of 2,021 m (6,631 feet) above sea level. It has an airport, Quiché Airport, located just south of the city.
History
Santa Cruz del Quiché was founded by Pedro de Alvarado, a companion and second in-command of conquistador Hernán Cortés, after they burned down the nearby Maya capital city of Q'umarkaj (or Utatlán, in the Nahuatl language). The oldest buildings, including a large cathedral and clock tower in the central plaza, were constructed out of the stones of the Q'umarkaj ruins by the Dominicans. Some think it likely that it was in Santa Cruz where a group of anonymous K'iche' nobles of the Nim Ch'okoj class transcribed the Popol Vuh, the sacred text of the Maya.
In Santa Cruz, the former rulers of Q'umarkaj were reduced to the status of peasant.
Pacific conquest by the Dominican friars
On their second visit to Guatemala, in 1537, friar Bartolome de las Casas, O.P. wanted to employ their new method of conversion based on two principles: 1) to preach the Gospel to all men and treat them as equals, and 2) to assert that conversion must be voluntary and based on knowledge and understanding of the Faith. It was important for Las Casas that this method be tested without meddling from secular colonists, so they chose a territory in the heart of Guatemala where there were no previous colonies and where the natives were considered fierce and war-like. Because it had not been possible to conquer the land by military means, the governor of Guatemala, Alonso de Maldonado, agreed to sign a contract promising that if the venture was successful they would not establish any new encomiendas in the area. Las Casas's group of friars established a Dominican presence in Rabinal, Sacapulas and Cobán, reaching as far as Chahal. Through the efforts of Las Casas' missionaries the so-called "Land of War" came to be called "Verapaz", "True Peace". Las Casas's strategy was to teach Christian songs to merchant Indian Christians who then ventured into the area. In this way they were successful in converting several native chiefs, among them those of Atitlán and Chichicastenango, and in building several churches in the territory named Alta Verapaz. These congregated a group of Christian Indians in the location of what is now the town of Rabinal. In 1538 Las Casas was recalled from their mission by Bishop Francisco Marroquin who wanted them to go to Mexico and then on to Spain in order to seek more Dominicans to assist in the mission.
Monastery and doctrine of Order of Preachers
After the conquest, the Spanish crown focused on the Catholic indoctrination of the natives. Human settlements founded by royal missionaries in the New World were called "Indian doctrines" or simply "doctrines". Originally, friars had only temporary missions: teach the Catholic faith to the natives, and then transfer the settlements to secular parishes, just like the ones that existed in Spain at the time; the friars were supposed to teach Spanish and Catholicism to the natives. When the natives were ready, they could start living in parishes and contribute with mandatory tithing, just like the people in Spain.
However, this plan never materialized, mainly because the Spanish crown lost control of the regular orders as soon as their friars set course to America. Shielded by their apostolic privileges granted to convert natives into Catholicism, the missionaries only responded to their order local authorities, and never to that of the Spanish government or the secular bishops. The orders local authorities, in turn, only dealt with their own order and not with the Spanish crown. Once a doctrine had been established, the protected their own economic interests, even against those of the King and thus, the doctrines became Indian towns that remain unaltered for the rest of the Spanish colony.
The doctrines were founded at the friars discretion, given that they were completely at liberty to settle communities provided the main purpose was to eventually transfer it as a secular parish which would be tithing of the bishop. In reality, what happened was that the doctrines grew uncontrollably and were never transferred to any secular parish; they formed around the place where the friars had their monastery and from there, they would go out to preach to settlements that belong to the doctrine and were called "annexes", "visits" or "visit towns". Therefore, the doctrines had three main characteristics:
they were independent from external controls (both ecclesiastical and secular)
were run by a group of friars
had a relatively larger number of annexes
The main characteristic of the doctrines was that they were run by a group of friars, because it made sure that the community system would continue without any issue when one of the members died.
In 1638, the Order of Preachers split their large doctrines — which meant large economic benefits for them — in groups centered around each one of their six monasteries, including the Sacapulas monastery:
In 1754, the Order of Preachers had to transfer all of their doctrines and convents to the secular clergy, as part of the Bourbon reforms.
Pan American highway
In the 20th Century, the Pan-American Highway passed Santa Cruz by, making it less a gateway to the Western Highlands and only the main stop on the road to the North of el Quiché. As the living conditions for the Indigenous people were so pitiful in the city, the town of Santo Tomás Chichicastenango, about 20 miles to the south of Santa Cruz, began to swell with the immigration of displaced Mayas and soon passed up Santa Cruz in both size and importance.
Guatemalan Civil War
During the Guatemalan Civil War Santa Cruz del Quiché found itself in the area where the Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres - one of the guerrilla organizations that operated in Guatemala - was active. This organization justified its terrorist attacks against private and public infrastructure by saying that they only impacted the economic interests of both the state and the country's productive sector, and that it made the Guatemalan Army more vulnerable. In the Comisión para el Esclarecimiento Histórico final report, former EGP members said that "destroying infrastructure just under the concept of destroying the country's infrastructure, to damage the country, that did not happen. There was always an explanation... in context with the war that we were sustaining at the time and in context within the tactic moment when we were going to blow up a bridge, yes, we were going to blow it up so that the Army could not go through and to stop it from its barbarism... to cut its advances and withdraws- But from Nentón to the North, the highway was closed [end of 1981 to beginning of 1982], the Army did not get in, not a single authority would come in, and the telegraph posts -which were the other communication device that existed- were taken down". "When we cut power to some (Army) barracks the power to the closest towns and village was cut as well, creating resentment in the population. Afterwards, the sabotages were commonplace in order to create chaos along the country and preparing the conditions of a pre insurrection state".
The EGP attacks that affected Santa Cruz del Quiché were:
In order to counterattack the guerrilla offensive after the victory of the Sandinista Revolution in Nicaragua in 1979, general Lucas García's government began a "Scorched earth" offensive of its own in the area controlled by the Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres, -Chajul, Nebaj and Ixcán in Quiché Department-i.e., agricultural and oil-reach region of the Northern Transversal strip-; as part of this offensive, there were intense attacks on civil communities with resulted in massacres that were duly recorded in both the REHMI and Comisión para el Esclarecimiento Histórico final reports.
The Army Base outside the city of Santa Cruz del Quiché was a major staging point for military control of the lands to the north, which were presumed under guerrilla control as they had been a hotbed for both the CUC, the campesino union, and liberation theology. Many of the Vietnam-era tactics used during the intense fighting from 1977-1984 were launched from there, including the control of the Ixil Triangle, the settlements of "model villages" outside of Nebaj and other major violence.
In several cases, massacres occurred either at a special day for a community or during large scale operatives with large military force displays and aviation backup. The airplanes bombed certain zones; at least one of each nine communities suffered a bombing associated to a massacre, either in the previous or following days. The areas more heavily bombed were the Ixil triangle and Sacapulas, some parts of Baja Verapaz Department and also from Huehuetenango Department. After an attack of this kind it was common that up to 40% of the surviving population left town to survive, going into the mountains, into exile in Mexico or to another community. The maya k'iche' population that looked for refuge in the mountains was labeled as "guerrilla" by the Army, which tighten military controls around them and continuous attacks that made it extremely hard to get food or medical attention. These people remained in the mountains for almost two years until they finally moved to Las Guacamayas, where they became isolated due to the military pressure. A lot of people died of starvation.
Climate
Santa Cruz del Quiché has a subtropical highland climate (Köppen: Cwb).
Geographic location
Santa Cruz del Quiché is surrounded by municipalities of the department of El Quiché:
See also
Bartolome de las Casas
El Quiché
Guatemala Civil War
List of places in Guatemala
Luis de Cancer
Spanish conquest of Guatemala
Notes and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Santa Cruz del Quiché - Sistema de Información Municipal
INE - XI Censo Nacional de Poblacion y VI de Habitación (Censo 2002)
Municipalities of the Quiché Department
Populated places established in the 16th century
Perochirus guentheri, also known as Gunther's tropical gecko or Vanuatu saw-tailed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Vanuatu.
References
Perochirus
Reptiles described in 1885
Pine Grove is an unincorporated community in Hood River County, Oregon, United States on Oregon Route 35 in the middle Hood River Valley near Neal Creek. It is about five miles south of the city of Hood River and has a Hood River ZIP code.
History
Pine Grove was a station on the Mount Hood Railroad and was named for a stand of timber that once existed at this locale. In 1886, German immigrant Peter Mohr planted 400 apple trees in the Pine Grove area, in what was probably the first commercial orchard in the Hood River Valley planted on dry land and relying solely on irrigation. Pine Grove was also one of the primary communities in the Hood River Valley farmed by Nikkei—Japanese migrants and their descendants.
Economy
Like much of Hood River County, the economy of Pine Grove is based on agriculture, especially fruit orchards and the accompanying storage and packing facilities. Businesses in the Pine Grove area include The Fruit Company, which packs and ships fruit gift baskets and gourmet food products, and Mount Hood Winery. Mount Hood Winery's cooperative winemaking facility is located in a former fruit-packing warehouse. Also located in Pine Grove is Columbia Gorge Fruit Growers, a non-profit organization of 400 growers and 20 shippers of tree fruit in the Mid-Columbia area that works to encourage and promote the fruit industry. To preserve the history of the area's principal industry, in 2012 The Fruit Foundation Historical Society will be opening the Fruit Heritage Museum in Pine Grove in a historic cold storage and fruit packing facility built in the 1930s and now owned by the Fruit Company.
Historic structures
Pine Grove Grange celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2006. It is the oldest Grange in Hood River County. The current Grange hall originally served as a general store and the upstairs was a community dance hall. Today the Hood River Valley Playhouse uses the upstairs stage for its productions.
Pine Grove Methodist Church was dedicated in 1907 and still serves the community today.
The Martin and Carrie Hill House near Pine Grove is a 1910 Dutch Colonial Revival house on a working farm listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Education
Pine Grove Elementary School is part of the Hood River County School District. The current school was built in 1927 and has the original cast iron school bell in the cupola. The first school on the current school grounds was built in 1887 in the pine grove for which the community is named. The pine grove was cut down in 1957, but a group of students and alumni replanted pine trees around the school during a reunion in 2008. Pine Grove Elementary was closed as a K-5 school in 2011.
References
External links
Image of Pine Grove Methodist Church from Oregon State Archives
History of Pine Grove School from Pine Grove PTO
History of Pine Grove Butte Cemetery from orgenweb.org
Unincorporated communities in Hood River County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1951 was the cricket season when the English club Derbyshire had been playing for eighty years. It was their forty-seventh season in the County Championship and they won five matches and lost seven to finish eleventh in the County Championship.
1951 season
Guy Willatt was in their first full year as captain. They had been appointed in the previous year but because of injury was substituted by Pat Vaulkhard for 1950. Their appointment ended a period of uncertainty since the end of the Second World War, when apart from Edward Gothard, no one was available to captain for more than one year.
Derbyshire played 28 games in the County Championship, and one match against the touring South Africans. They won five matches altogether, but a disproportionate number of matches were drawn. Charlie Elliott was top scorer and C Gladwin took most wickets with 123.
The club retained a virtually unchanged squad with only one newcomer - Edwin Smith who played on for 20 years.
Matches
{| class="wikitable" width="100%"
! bgcolor="#efefef" colspan=6 | List of matches
|- bgcolor="#efefef"
!No.
!Date
!V
!Result
!Margin
!Notes
|-
|1
| 5 May 1951
| WorcestershireCounty Ground, New Road, Worcester
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Don Kenyon 100;
|-
|2
| 9 May 1951
| Leicestershire Grace Road, Leicester
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| TA Hall 5-57
|-
|3
| 12 May 1951
| Warwickshire Edgbaston, Birmingham
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
|
|-
|4
|16 May 1951
| Sussex County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Langridge 200; AEG Rhodes 5-23
|-
|5
|19 May 1951
| Yorkshire Queen's Park, Chesterfield
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|7 wickets
|
|-
|6
|26 May 1951
| Gloucestershire County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|67 runs
| DC Morgan 6-93
|-
|7
|2 Jun 1951
| Glamorgan Cardiff Arms Park
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|Innings and 120 runs
| Davies 146; Parkhouse 107; Jim McConnon 7-69 and 7-84
|-
|8
|6 Jun 1951
| Hampshire Queen's Park, Chesterfield
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Rogers 151; C Gladwin 6-108
|-
|9
|9 Jun 1951
| Northamptonshire County Ground, Northampton
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Oldfield 140
|-
|10
|13 Jun 1951
| Somerset Agricultural Showgrounds, Frome
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
|125 runs
| J Redman 7-23
|-
|11
|16 Jun 1951
| Gloucestershire Wagon Works Ground, Gloucester
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Crapp 105; AC Revill 137
|-
|12
|20 Jun 1951
| Kent County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| HL Jackson 5-90; Wright 5-90
|-
|13
|23 Jun 1951
| Lancashire Queen's Park, Chesterfield
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|15 runs
| Washbrook 103;
|-
|14
|27 Jun 1951
| Essex Gidea Park Sports Ground, Romford
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| CS Elliott 166; C Gladwin 5-65 and 5-44; Bailey 6-44;
|-
|15
|4 Jul 1951
|Middlesex Park Road Ground, Buxton
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| A Hamer165;
|-
|16
|7 Jul 1951
| HampshireUnited Services Recreation Ground, Portsmouth
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
|113 Runs
| AC Revill 104; C Gladwin 7-74; HL Jackson 5-34
|-
|17
|14 Jul 1951
| Lancashire Old Trafford, Manchester
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| C Gladwin 5-42 and 5-76; Brian Statham 5-20
|-
|18
|18 Jul 1951
|Derbyshire v South Africans County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|8 wickets
|
|-
|19
|21 Jul 1951
| Glamorgan Queen's Park, Chesterfield
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|Innings and 94 runs
| Muncer 107, 5-34 and 5-23
|-
|20
|25 Jul 1951
| Kent Cheriton Road Sports Ground, Folkestone
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
|177 runs
| DB Carr 103; Ridgway 6-44; C Gladwin 7-55; AEG Rhodes 6-57
|-
|21
|28 Jul 1951
| Nottinghamshire Rutland Recreation Ground, Ilkeston
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
| Innings and 114 runs
| Willatt 111; AC Revill 123; C Gladwin 8-40
|-
|22
|1 Aug 1951
| Yorkshire St George's Road, Harrogate
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Wilson 120; Watson 108; Fred Trueman 6-59; Bob Appleyard 5-42
|-
|23
|4 Aug 1951
| Warwickshire County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Eric Hollies 7-67
|-
|24
|8 Aug 1951
| Worcestershire<small> Queen's Park, Chesterfield
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
|139 runs
| C Gladwin 6–108; Howorth 5-33 and 5-32; E Smith 8-21; Perks 5-33
|-
|25
|11 Aug 1951
| Nottinghamshire Trent Bridge, Nottingham
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Clay 108; Cox 6-30
|-
|26
|15 Aug 1951
| Surrey County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| CS Elliott 121; C Gladwin 5-80
|-
|27
|18 Aug 1951
| Sussex The Saffrons, Eastbourne
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| Hubert Doggart 126; David Sheppard 183; James Langridge 5-84
|-
|28
|22 Aug 1951
| Leicestershire Ind Coope Ground, Burton-on-Trent
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
|Innings and 23 runs
| A Eato 5–14; Sperry 5-60; HL Jackson 5-34; AEG Rhodes 5-49
|-
|29
|25 Aug 1951
| Essex Ind Coope Ground, Burton-on-Trent
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| T Smith 5-22; C Gladwin 7-55
|-
|
Statistics
County Championship batting averages
Additionally John Eggar appeared in the match against the South Africans.
County Championship bowling averages
Wicket Keepers
GO Dawkes Catches 51, Stumping 9
See also
Derbyshire County Cricket Club seasons
1951 English cricket season
References
1951 in English cricket
Derbyshire County Cricket Club seasons
Phtheochroa iodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guatemala.
References
Moths described in 1968
Phtheochroa
Andrés París is a Colombian guerrilla fighter, member of the FARC-EP and a high-ranking chief of the Eastern Bloc of the FARC-EP. According to El Espectador they are a possible candidate to the FARC's ruling seven member secretariats.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Members of FARC
A new constitution of Kyrgyzstan was passed by referendum on 21 October 2007. It is based on the first post-Soviet constitution originally adopted on 5 May 1993.
The 1993 constitution had been amended several times: first on 10 February 1996, then on 2 February 2003, and finally twice in quick succession on 9 November 2006 and 15 January 2007 after the Tulip Revolution of March 2005. The last two amendments were adopted under pressure from protracted public protests in the capital Bishkek, but they were annulled in September 2007 by the Constitutional Court, which restored the 2003 constitution and paved the way for another constitutional referendum in October 2007. The description that follows is based on the text of the October 2007 constitution.
This constitution was replaced by the 2010 Constitution of Kyrgyzstan in June 2010.
Article 1
The Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyzstan) is a sovereign, unitary, democratic, constitutional, secular, social state. The citizens of the Kyrgyz Republic elect the President, the representatives to the Supreme Assembly (Jogorku Kenesh), and the representatives to local keneshi (council). The election is free and is based on equal, general, direct, and secret voting.
Article 4
The Kyrgyz Republic recognizes private, municipal, state, and other forms of property. Land and other natural resources may also be in private, municipal, state, and other forms of property.
Article 5
The state language of the Kyrgyz Republic is the Kyrgyz language. The Russian language is used as the official language of the Kyrgyz Republic. The Kyrgyz Republic guarantees to all nationalities forming the Kyrgyz people the right of preserving the native language and creating the conditions for its teaching and development.
Article 8
No religion may be recognized as the state or mandatory religion in the Kyrgyz Republic. The Kyrgyz republic recognizes political diversity. The merging of state and party institutions is prohibited. Creation of parties based on religious principles is prohibited. Religious organizations and religious figures may not interfere in the affairs of the government.
Article 12
The constitution is the supreme law of the Kyrgyz Republic.
Other chapters
Chapter 2 (articles 13-41) deals with human rights, individual freedoms, and basic duties of citizens.
Chapter 3 (articles 42-53) is devoted to the institution of the President. The President is elected for five years and the same person may not serve more than two consecutive terms (Article 43). The President appoints the Prime Minister and the members of the government (Article 46), which implies that Kyrgyzstan is a presidential republic.
Chapter 4 (articles 54-67) describes the Jogorku Kenesh, Kyrgyzstan's unicameral parliament. The parliament consists of 90 members elected for five years in proportional party-list voting (Article 54).
Chapter 5 (articles 68-76) describes the executive branch. The government is organized into ministries and state committees. If consists of the Prime Minister, Deputy Prime Ministers, ministers, and chairpeople of state committees (Article 68). The executive power in provinces and districts is vested in organs of local state administration (Articles 75-76).
Chapters 6-7 (articles 77-92) are devoted to the judicial branch. The judges are independent and obey only the Constitution and the laws (Article 83). The nine-member Constitutional Court is the supreme judicial authority entrusted with the protection of the Constitution (Article 85).
Chapter 8 (articles 93-97) deals with local self-government in Kyrgyz Republic. Local self-government is implemented by local communities or their elected local representatives (Article 93). The system of local self-government consists of heads of districts, villages, and municipalities and local keneshi – locally elected representative assemblies (Article 94).
Chapter 9 sets out the referendum-based procedures for changing the constitution.
Powers as outlined
Draft
The first draft of the constitution put the National Security Service and the Prosecutor-General's Office under the control of the legislative branch of government. The president would need legislative approval to dismiss heads of the Central Election Commission and the Accounting Chamber. The political party with the most members in parliament would appoint the Prime Minister. Parliament membership would be increased from 75 to 90 seats. Opposition lawmaker Azimbek Beknazarov said, "With regard to the formation of the government, if a party wins more than 50 percent of the seats in parliament, one of its representatives will automatically be prime minister. If no party has a majority, then the president will entrust the party that garnered the most votes with the task of choosing a prime minister. The prime minister will form the government that will be approved by the president."
Compromise amendments
Parliamentary members agreed to two of Bakiyev's amendments to the draft constitution: their signature as one of the co-authors of the constitution and the president's right to appoint local judges. Opposition lawmaker Temir Sariyev said that if the government fails to "adopt a new constitution and send people home by this evening, then we may find ourselves in a difficult situation. The president had to understand that. There are, in the history of a state, some important moments. Our only demand is that Bakiyev quickly implement the reforms. The president must do that; they must behave like a responsible politician." Bakiyev will remain President and Felix Kulov will remain Prime Minister until 2010 because Bakiyev signed the Constitution.
Prior to approval
Protests
The For Reforms! opposition coalition announced on 2006-11-01 that it planned to have 10,000 supporters in the streets of Bishkek the following day, protesting the perceived lack of constitutional reform that Bakiyev had promised when voters elected them in July, 2005. Twenty-five opposition legislators had also called on Bakiyev to approve a new constitution or resign and accused the administration of failing to deal with corruption and rising crime. The Kyrgyz government responded by issuing a press release stating that "Kyrgyzstan is going through one of the most crucial moments in its history... The government calls for wisdom, dialogue, and cooperation from all political forces with the goal of preserving peace and stability for the sake of the future democracy and civilized development of Kyrgyzstan."
As the opposition coalition had promised, thousands of For Reforms! demonstrators set up tents and yurts in Bishkek's Ala-Too square. The protesters carried placards, made speeches and played patriotic music in the square and outside the presidential office building nearby, while hundreds of police officers monitored the situation. Bishkek police estimated there were 5,000 protesters, while BBC News correspondents estimated there were at least 10,000. Many business owners closed and boarded up their shops, fearing a repeat of the looting that took place during the Tulip Revolution of 2005, should Bakiyev and the opposition fail to reach a compromise. On November 3, Prime Minister Felix Kulov accused the opposition of attempting to stage a coup, based on the security services' recording of alleged conversations between opposition leaders. However, Bakiyev played down this threat, stating that "There are no forces to carry out a coup. But there are intentions." Opposition leaders rejected the allegations.
The protests reached their peak on November 7 when For Reforms! protesters and pro-Bakiyev demonstrators clashed violently in the square in front of the parliament building. Several people were injured in the confrontation and riot police used tear gas to disperse the crowd.
Attacks on the media
Marat Tokoyev, the head of Journalists, a non-governmental organization, complained on November 8 that the websites of AKIpress and 24.kg news agencies were hacked on November 2. As a result of the attacks, both websites were rendered inaccessible from outside Kyrgyzstan until November 7. Officials for Tazar.kg, another media outlet, said hackers destroyed their news archive, forcing the temporary closure of their website. Independent TV stations NTS and Piramida also experienced transmission problems during the protests, which they attributed to unidentified attackers.
Approval in Parliament
On 2006-11-08 the speaker of the Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan, Marat Sultanov, announced that the legislature had passed a new constitution after reading the document out loud twice. Following the readings they said, "Now, dear colleagues, I suggest that you vote this proposal -- sorry, this constitution -- in the second reading. Please, proceed!...The [constitution] is adopted by 65 'yes' votes!" Members of parliament then cheered. Of the 71 members of the Supreme Council, 68 voted for the new constitution. Three did not vote quickly enough to be counted when Sultanov made the announcement. Cheers followed parliamentary member Akmatmek Kedilbekov's statement that "it is the nation that won. Both the president and the opposition won!" The entire Parliamentary session took less than an hour.
State Secretary Adakhan Madumarov told the members of parliament prior to the session that Bakiyev approved the draft and signed amendments allowing the parliament to pass the constitution. When reporters asked Madumarov why Bakiyev had taken so long to sign the amendments, Madumarov replied, "Long? You know how heavy those legislative procedures are. Every single dot, every single comma must be examined by legal experts and they must then give their conclusions to the president. This is the norm for all [draft] laws, not only for this one. But rest assured that the president will sign it today."
Post approval controversy
Even though Bakiyev signed the new constitution into law on November 9, its contents continued to be revised over the following months amid much political turmoil culminating in the resignation of the cabinet, including Prime Minister Felix Kulov, on 2006-12-19. Following the resignation, Bakiyev pushed for revisions to the November constitution to be passed that would hand back much of the presidential powers ceded to parliament by the previous version. After much political wrangling a new constitution was passed by the legislature on 2006-12-30 and signed into law by Bakiyev on 2007-01-15. This version reversed many of the changes of the November constitution, empowering the president to, among other things, nominate the Prime Minister subject to the legislature's confirmation and to appoint and dismiss regional governors and security chiefs without parliamentary approval. Opposition lawmaker Azimbek Beknazarov remarked, "By the new edition of the Constitution, the President Kurmanbek Bakiev has more power, than their predecessor Askar Akaev", alleging that more than 40 amendments appeared in the new constitution while the parliament had approved only seven.
Constitutional Court ruling
On 14 September 2007, the Constitutional Court of Kyrgyzstan ruled that the two packages of amendments were both illegal and stated that the 2003 constitution was legally in effect. In response, President Bakiyev called a constitutional referendum for 21 October 2007.
See also
Constitution of Kazakhstan
People's Movement of Kyrgyzstan
Elections in Kyrgyzstan
Tulip Revolution
Askar Akayev
References
External links
Praise, Warnings For Kyrgyz Constitution Deal
New Kyrgyz Constitution Comes Into Effect
Kyrgyz President Signs New Constitution
Kyrgyzstan: Bakiev Weighs Response As Deputies Hope To Review Draft Constitution
Kyrgyz President Sacks Regional Governor
Kyrgyzstan: Deputies Take Legal Steps For New Constitution
Kyrgyz Opposition Lawmakers Call For Emergency Session
Kyrgyzstan: Crisis Deepens After President Proposes Constitutional Changes
Kyrgyz rally against corruption
Kyrgyzstan leader agrees to limit powers
Kyrgyz PM Airs Concerns Over Constitution Process
U.S. Welcomes New Kyrgyz Constitution
NGO Urges Publication Of New Kyrgyz Constitution
Kyrgyz Lawmaker Challenges Bakiev's Gubernatorial Move
Kyrgyzstan: Kinship and patronage networks emerge as a potent political force
Making Kyrgyzstan's Constitutional Reform Stick
Positive Public Sentiment in Kyrgyzstan
Constitution of Kyrgyzstan (English) - Council of Europe
Politics of Kyrgyzstan
Law of Kyrgyzstan
2006 in law
Kyrgyzstan
The hippocampal formation is a compound structure in the medial temporal lobe of the brain. It forms a c-shaped bulge on the floor of the temporal horn of the lateral ventricle. There is no consensus concerning which brain regions are encompassed by the term, with some authors defining it as the dentate gyrus, the hippocampus proper and the subiculum; and others including also the presubiculum, parasubiculum, and entorhinal cortex. The hippocampal formation is thought to play a role in memory, spatial navigation and control of attention. The neural layout and pathways within the hippocampal formation are very similar in all mammals.
History and function
During the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, based largely on the observation that, between species, the size of the olfactory bulb varies with the size of the parahippocampal gyrus, the hippocampal formation was thought to be part of the olfactory system.
In 1937 Papez theorized that a circuit including the hippocampal formation constitutes the neural substrate of emotional behavior, and Klüver and Bucy reported that, in monkeys, surgical removal of the hippocampal formation and the amygdaloid complex has a profound effect on emotional responses. As a consequence of these publications, the idea that the hippocampal formation is entirely dedicated to olfaction began to recede.
In an influential 1947 review, Alf Brodal pointed out that mammal species thought to have no sense of smell nevertheless have fully intact hippocampal formations, that removal of the hippocampal formation did not affect the ability of dogs to perform tasks dependent on olfaction, and that no fibers were actually known that carry information directly from the olfactory bulb to any part of the hippocampal formation. Though massive direct input from the olfactory bulb to the entorhinal cortex has subsequently been found, the current view is that the hippocampal formation is not an integral part of the olfactory system.
In 1900, the Russian neurologist Vladimir Bekhterev described two patients with a significant memory deficit who, on autopsy, were found to have softening of hippocampal and adjacent cortical tissue; and, in 1957, Scoville and Milner reported memory loss in a series of patients subsequent to their removal of the patients' medial temporal lobes. Thanks to these observations and a great deal of subsequent research, it is now broadly accepted that the hippocampal formation plays a role in some aspects of memory.
EEG evidence from 1938 to the present, stimulation evidence from the 1950s, and modern imaging techniques together suggest a role for some part of the hippocampal formation (in concert with the anterior cingulate cortex) in the control of attention.
In 1971, John O'Keefe and their student Jonathan Dostrovsky discovered place cells, neurons in the rat hippocampus whose activity relates to the animal's location within its environment. Despite skepticism from other investigators, O'Keefe and their co-workers, including Lynn Nadel, continued to investigate this question, in a line of work that eventually led to their very influential 1978 book The Hippocampus as a Cognitive Map. In addition to place cells, three further classes of spatial cell have since been identified in the hippocampal formation: head direction cells, grid cells, and boundary cells. As with the memory theory, there is now almost universal agreement that the hippocampal formation plays an important role in spatial coding, but the details are widely debated.
References
External links
Image University of California Davis Brain Atlas
Hippocampus (brain)
The World Colored Heavyweight Championship was a title awarded to black boxers in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. This was the only recognized heavyweight championship available to black boxers prior to Jack Johnson winning the world heavyweight title in 1908. The title continued to exist until the reign of Joe Louis as universally recognized champ, as the color bar against black heavyweights was enforced during and for a generation after Jack Johnson's reign as world champ.
Drawing the color line
Though not sanctioned by any governing body, the colored heavyweight title was publicly recognized due to the color bar in pro boxing in the 19th and early 20th centuries, when white champions drew the color line and would not defend the title against a black man. In the heavyweight division, the color bar was adamantly defended by "The Boston Strong Boy", bare-knuckle boxing champ John L. Sullivan, the first modern heavyweight champ, who had fought black fighters on their way up to the title but would not defend it against a black man.
Succeeding white heavyweight champs James Corbett and James J. Jeffries followed the same pattern. Since the white champs had fought black fighters as equals on their way up, the color bar undeniably was maintained due to racial prejudice. Since black boxers were being denied a shot at the world title solely due to their race, the general public gave credence to the colored heavyweight title.
Maintaining the color bar
The color bar remained in force even after colored heavyweight titleholder Jack Johnson won the world's heavyweight title in 1908, thus ensuring the colored title remained the ultimate prize for all other black boxers.
Once they were the world's heavyweight champ, Johnson (who relinquished the colored title) never fought black opponents, either. They denied matches to black heavyweights Joe Jeanette (his successor as colored heavyweight champ) and Sam Langford (who beat Jeanette for the colored title) and the young Harry Wills (who was colored heavyweight champ during the last year of Johnson's reign as world's heavyweight champ). Blacks were not given a shot at the title allegedly because such top boxing promoters as Tex Rickard believed that a fight between two black boxers would not draw at the gate.
Johnson, Jeanette & Langford
Jack Johnson fought Joe Jeanette a total of seven times, all during their reign as colored champ before they became the world's heavyweight champion, winning four times and drawing twice (three of the victories and one draw were newspaper decisions). In their first match on 1905, they had fought to a draw, but in their second match on 25 November 1905, Johnson lost as they were disqualified in the second round of a scheduled six-round fight. Johnson continued to claim the title because of the disqualification.
After Johnson became the first African-American Heavyweight Champion of the World on December 26, 1908, their World Colored Heavyweight Championship was vacated. Jeanette fought Sam McVey for the title in Paris on February 20, 1909, and was beaten, but later took the title from McVey in a 49-round bout on April 17 of that year in Paris for a purse of $6,000 (). Sam Langford subsequently claimed the title during Jeanette's reign after Johnson refused to defend the World Heavyweight Championship against him. Eighteen months later, Jeanrette lost the title to Langford.
Johnson never again fought Jeanette despite numerous challenges and avoided Langford, whom they had fought once while they were the colored champ and beaten them very severely on points in a 15-rounder. In August 1914, as Johnson neared the end of their troubled reign, there were reports that Johnson had agreed to fight Langford for the world heavyweight title in Paris, but nothing came of it.
After losing their world heavyweight championship, Johnson never again fought for the colored heavyweight crown.
Because great boxers of the era were barred from fighting for the heavyweight championship because of racism, Johnson's refusal to fight African-Americans offended the African-American community, since the opportunity to fight top white boxers was rare. Jeanette criticized Johnson, saying, "Jack forgot about their old friends after they became champion and drew the color line against their own people."
Proposed World Boxing Council title
The World Boxing Council attempted to create a similar championship in 2004 called the African World Championship, which would be open to boxers of African descent from any country as well as boxers of any race living in Africa. This proposal was met with worldwide criticism, and the World Boxing Council ultimately abandoned the idea.
List of champions
Eighteen men were recognized as World Colored Heavyweight Champion, combining for 28 total reigns.
See also
World Colored Light Heavyweight Championship
World Colored Middleweight Championship
World Colored Welterweight Championship
Black Heavyweight Championship
World White Heavyweight Championship
References
Defunct boxing titles
Black culture
Anthony Buckie Leach (1958 – August 14, 2021) was an American foil fencing coach and fencer.
They began fencing at age 12 and coaching at age 20. A coach for over 40 years, their students have found success on both the national and international levels. Their success with the Rochester Fencing Center garnered worldwide attention. They were the first to produce an American Fencing World Champion, and was an Olympic fencing coach in 1996, 2000, 2004, 2016, and 2020. They were inducted into the USA Fencing Hall of Fame in 2013.
Their fencers won over 20 medals in Junior and Senior World Cup events as well as numerous National and NCAA championships. In 2021, their student Lee Kiefer won the gold medal in the Tokyo Olympics, the first American to achieve this in Olympic foil.
Their students include past Olympians Felicia and Iris Zimmermann, and 2004 Olympian Erinn Smart. Felicia, Iris, and Erinn made up the team that captured bronze at the 2001 World Championships and just missed medaling at the 2000 Olympic Games with their 4th-place finish. During that time they were also the United States women's foil national coach.
They created the Blackstar Coaching clinics, a teaching program for fencing coaches in the United States.
They coached at the University of Notre Dame in Indiana for five seasons. Leach died in a motorcycle accident shortly after returning from coaching at the Tokyo Olympics on August 14, 2021.
External links
US Fencing Media Resource
BlackStar Coaching Clinic
1958 births
2021 deaths
American male fencers
"The Show" is the first single by the Australian singer/songwriter Lenka, produced by Stuart Brawley. It was released on 6 September 2008. The song is on their first album, Lenka, released in October 2008. It was promoted as an iTunes Free Single of the Week.
Track listing
"The Show" (Album Version) – 3:55
"Gravity Rides Everything" (The Woodstock Sessions) – 3:49
Music video
The music video has Lenka sitting on a bench in a park singing their song and picking petals from a flower. They then flies to the next scene, where they are riding a bus and looking at the other people, including an old lady and a man who they notice is staring at them They then flies to a photo shop, where they look at a picture with their friends. There is also a scene in which they play tennis without ever hitting the ball. The next scene is when they are riding a bicycle with grocery items. While they are riding the bike, they notice that people are dancing while they sing the second verse. Then they fly to a concert, where they sing the chorus and flies off to a restaurant, where they and the man from the bus are eating. The man notices that Lenka's food was sliced by an unseen object. They then goes to their house, in which their toothbrush brushes their teeth without them holding it, and they slowly go to bed. They finish by watching the TV (where everyone is singing their song along with her) and turning out the lights.
Media use
It was used as the soundtrack for a 2008 Old Navy commercial, as an Ugly Betty season 3 2008 promo, in the 2008 film Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging, for the 2009 spring campaign of the Polish TV station TVN, in a 2009 commercial for the Malaysian telecommunications company TM, and in a 2010 commercial for the French insurance company GMF. Samples from the song were used in DFS sofa commercials in the UK. The song was covered by Kerris Dorsey in the 2011 movie Moneyball (set in 2002) and appears on its soundtrack. In addition, it was featured in the Korean television show My Love from the Star .
In 2019, Japanese group Momoiro Cover Z covered the song with some new and original lyrics.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2008 debut singles
Lenka songs
Songs written by Jason Reeves (songwriter)
2008 songs
Beehunter is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Indiana, in the United States.
History
Beehunter took its name from Beehunter Creek.
References
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Abul Khayer Jashim Uddin (known professionally as Jashim; 14 August 1950 – 8 October 1998) was a Bangladeshi film actor, producer, action director and a freedom fighter. They acted in more than 200 films and is known as the first action hero of Dhallywood.
Early life and career
Jashim was born at Boxnagar village in Nawabganj Upazila, Dhaka on 14 August 1950. They were a freedom fighter who fought in the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971 at sector 2 under Major ATM Haider.
Jashim debuted their acting career through the film Debor in 1972. They then acted in Rongbaj (1973). They went to act in Raj Dulari, Tufan, Jobab, Nag Nagini, Bodla, Barud, Sundori, Koshai, Lalu Mastan, Nababjada and Meyerao Manush. They debuted as a lead actor in the film Shobuj Shathi, directed by Delowar Jahan Jhontu. They went on to act in the films Poribar, Buker Dhon, Shami Keno Ashami, Lal Golap, Tiger and Habildar.
Personal life
Jashim's first wife was film actor Sucharita and later they married Nasrin, the daughter of actor Purnima Sengupta. Ratul, Rahul and Samee are the sons of Jashim.
Death
Jashim died from a brain haemorrhage on 8 October 1998.
Filmography
References
External links
1950 births
1998 deaths
People from Dhaka
Bangladeshi male film actors
Seymour Stein (born April 18, 1942) is an American entrepreneur and music executive. They co-founded Sire Records and was Vice President of Warner Bros. Records. With Sire, Stein signed bands that became central to the new wave era of the 1970s and 80s, including Talking Heads, the Ramones, and The Pretenders; they signed Madonna as well. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2005.
Music career
Stein was born in New York City in Brooklyn. As a high school student, they interned in the summers of 1957 and 1958 at King Records in Cincinnati, Ohio. They took on a clerk position for music industry magazine Billboard in 1958 and starting in 1961 worked for two years for King Records.
In 1966, Stein and record producer Richard Gottehrer founded Sire Productions, which led to the formation of Sire Records, the label under which they signed pioneer artists such as the Ramones and Talking Heads in 1975, the Pretenders in 1980, and Madonna in 1982. Other acts signed by Sire include The Replacements, Depeche Mode, The Smiths, The Cure, Ice-T, Ministry, The Undertones, and Echo & the Bunnymen.
Such was Stein's influence in signing and promoting the new wave genre of music that they are sometimes credited with coming up with the name as an alternative to the term punk, which they found derogative. The term had previously been used to refer to the French New Wave film movement of the 1960s.
Stein was the President of Sire Records and also Vice President of Warner Bros. Records until their announced retirement on July 18, 2018. They had had a marketing and distribution deal from 1976 to 1994 and again from April 2003 until retirement. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 14, 2005, under the lifetime-achievement category. On June 9, 2016, Stein was honored with the Richmond Hitmaker Award at the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Legacy
Stein is the subject of an eponymous song by the Scottish musical group Belle and Sebastian. They were the winner of a Lifetime Achievement Award at the International Dance Music Awards in 2010. Ice-T wrote about Stein in their autobiography, stating: "He's cut from that cloth of the old-time music executives like Clive Davis, but he's way more eccentric... Just a little more bizarre, a bit more avant-garde, more of an edgy cat." They wrote that Stein would never edit Ice-T's musical output but would sometimes express concerns (e.g. they were against homophobia in rap).
Personal life
Stein was formerly married to the late music promoter and real estate executive Linda Stein; together, the couple had two daughters before they divorced, on amicable terms, in the late 1970s. Stein has never remarried. They revealed they were gay in 2017. One of their children is filmmaker Mandy Stein. Stein's eldest daughter, Samantha, died as a result of brain cancer in 2013 at the age of 40. Stein published their autobiography, Siren Song: My Life in Music, in 2018.
References
External links
Biography by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Interview with Seymour Stein - The Citizen (South Africa), August 17, 2006
[ Seymour Stein biography] at Allmusic.com
Seymour Stein lyrics (Sung By Belle and Sebastian) - at Belleandsebastian.com
Interview with Seymour Stein by Terry Gross of Fresh Air, October 15, 2009
A Real Live Sire : Seymour Stein On Half A Century In The Music Business - [PIAS]'s Blog, April 21, 2015
1942 births
American music industry executives
Record producers from New York (state)
People from Brooklyn
American people of German descent
Living people
LGBT businesspeople from the United States
The Tulsa Air and Space Museum (TASM) is an aerospace museum in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States. It is located in the northwest corner of the Tulsa International Airport property. It has of historical exhibits, hands-on activities, and vintage aircraft. A full-dome planetarium was added in 2006. The museum also has educational facilities for school visits, summer camps, and Scout groups.
Tulsa Air & Space Museum exhibits
In Hangar One, the museum's exhibits present a chronological history of aviation in Tulsa. The Early Birds exhibit explains the beginnings of aviation in Tulsa, with a special focus on Tulsa aviation pioneer Duncan A. McIntyre. The next exhibit is highlighted by a scale replica of Tulsa's original art deco airport terminal, originally designed by Leon B. Senter. The terminal's original cast iron door frames, cornerstone, terra cotta decoration and ornate art deco sconces are presented inside the exhibit, along with historic documents and photographs. The Pearl Harbor survivors' exhibit presents an interactive touch-screen that allows visitors to listen to Oklahoma survivors of the Pearl Harbor attacks share their experiences of that fateful day.
The World War II exhibit also highlights Tulsa's contributions to the war, with presentations on the Spartan Aircraft Company, the Spartan College of Aviation and Technology and the Douglas Bomber Plant. A commercial aviation exhibit presents historic uniforms, documents, and photos from American Airlines, Trans World Airlines and other commercial carriers. American Airlines gets special attention due to the presence in Tulsa of the largest private aircraft maintenance base in the world, owned and operated by American. The space exhibit presents information on Tulsa's participation in the manned and unmanned space programs, beginning with the first Peaceful Uses of Space Conference held in Tulsa on May 26, 1961. Oklahoma astronauts are honored, while visitors have the opportunity to operate a mockup of the Space Shuttle's robotic arm.
Present in Hangar One are several historic aircraft. Worthy of mention is one of the only surviving Spartan C-2 aircraft, one of two surviving Rockwell Ranger 2000's, a Spartan NP-1 and an F-14 Tomcat.
A small exhibition is dedicated to the story of the training of 42 technical staff members of the young Israeli Air Force, who in 1949 came to the Spartan College of Aviation and Technology in Tulsa, for a 9-month training. They were "adopted" while they were there by families of the Tulsa Jewish community. Upon completion of their training, they returned to Israel as certified aircraft mechanics.
The museum's collections focus primarily on Tulsa's aviation history.
Planetarium
The James E. Bertelsmeyer Planetarium opened at the Tulsa Air and Space Museum in May 2006. The planetarium uses 360-degree high definition full dome technology, and features a 50 ft diameter dome. The planetarium offers full-dome digital shows as well as traditional star shows, and hosts community events.
See also
List of planetariums
References
External links
Aerospace museums in Oklahoma
Museums in Tulsa, Oklahoma
Planetaria in the United States
Museums established in 1998
1998 establishments in Oklahoma
The Priestley Glacier is a major valley glacier, about 96 km (60 mi) long, originating at the edge of the polar plateau of Victoria Land. The glacier drains southeast between the Deep Freeze and Eisenhower ranges to enter the northern end of the Nansen Ice Sheet.
First explored by the Northern Party of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, and named for Raymond E. Priestley, geologist with the Northern Party.
Priestley Névé () is the névé at the head of Priestley Glacier in Victoria Land. Named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC) in about 1966 in association with Priestley Glacier.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Ogden Heights
Szanto Spur
Wasson Rock
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Slovak Sign Language is the sign language of the deaf community in Slovakia. It belongs to the French sign-language family. Bickford (2005) found that Slovak, Czech, and Hungarian Sign formed a cluster with Romanian, Bulgarian, and Polish Sign.
Despite the similarity of oral Slovak and Czech, SSL is not particularly close to Czech Sign Language.
References
French Sign Language family
Languages of Slovakia
Institute of Automation and Electrometry of the Siberian Branch of the RAS () is a research institute of Novosibirsk, Russia. It was founded in 1957.
The institute is among the first research institutes organized in Akademgorodok.
Scientific activity
Initially, the scientific activity of the Institute was associated with automatic measuring devices and systems for collection of information and date processing.
The institute conducts research in the field of optics, spectroscopy, condensed matter physics, it is exploring degenerate Bose–Einstein condensates of rarefied gases. The scientific organization develops precision optical technology, computing systems etc.
Collaboration
The Institute cooperates with Rzhanov Institute of Semiconductor Physics, Institute of Laser Physics and Novosibirsk State University in the field of physics of ultracold atoms.
Leaders
Boris Karandeyev (1957–1967), the founder and the first director of the institute.
Yuri Nesterikhin (1967–1987)
Pyotr Tverdokhlebov (1987–1993)
Semyon Vaskov (1993–2002)
Anatoly Shalagin (2002–2017)
Sergey Babin (since 2018)
External links
Институт автоматики и электрометрии СО РАН. ГПНТБ. Institute of Automation and Electrometry of SB RAS. SPSTL SB RAS.
Полюс холода в Сибири. Наука в Сибири. Pole of cold in Siberia. Nauka v Sibiri. April 21, 2016.
Research institutes in Novosibirsk
Research institutes established in 1957
1957 establishments in the Soviet Union
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Kitty Fitzgerald (born 25 September 1946) is an Irish born writer.
Kitty Fitzgerald was born in Ireland. They grew up in Yorkshire and lives in Northumberland. They gained a degree in English as a mature student and went on to become a full time writer shortly after that.  They are a novelist, poet and playwright. They have written 4 radio plays for the BBC, eight plays for the theatre and film, as well as fiction and poetry. They also worked as editor for IRON Press. Fitzgerald has been awarded Hawthornden Castle Fellowship. For their film Dream On they won the award of the most original screenplay at La Baule Film Festival. Fitzgerald won the Short Story Competition in Notes from the Underground/Latitude Festival in 2009. They have also won a Time to Write Award and a Hosking Houses Trust Writing Award. In 2015 Fitzgerald was Writer-in-Residence for the University of Manitoba in their Centre for Creative Writing and Oral Culture.
Selected publications
Marge (Sheba)
Snapdragons (Brandon)
Small Acts of Treachery (Brandon)
Pigtopia (Faber)
Miranda's Shadow (IRON Press, 2013)
References
1946 births
Living people
Irish women writers
People from Northumberland
University of Manitoba faculty
Ferdinand Pelzer (1801–1860) was a German music teacher, guitarist and composer.
Ferdinand Pelzer was born in Trier. By 1821 they lived in Mülheim, where their daughter Catharina Josepha was born, who became known as the guitarist and composer "Madam Sidney Pratten" (1821–1895). With their family, they came to live in England from 1829. Between 1833 and 1835, they were a co-editor (with Felix Horetzky and Leonhard Schulz) of The Giulianiad, an early guitar journal. They wrote many short compositions and arrangements for solo guitar as well as guitar accompaniments to popular songs.
Pelzer travelled and taught widely in England and Ireland.
Although Pelzer's music teaching has been rather neglected, research into contemporary sources suggests that their method to teach singing was better than those of Joseph Mainzer, Bocquillon Wilhem and John Hullah.
They died in London in 1860.
Selected publications
Instructions for the Spanish Guitar (1833)
Music for the People, based on their Universal System of Instruction in Music (1842)
References
External links
1801 births
1860 deaths
19th-century classical composers
19th-century German musicians
19th-century German male musicians
Burials at Brompton Cemetery
Composers for the classical guitar
German male guitarists
People from Trier
FC Stal-2 Alchevsk was a Ukrainian football team based in Alchevsk, Ukraine. The club has been featured regularly in the Ukrainian Second Division it serves as a junior team for the FC Stal Alchevsk franchise. Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team, meanwhile developing other players for further call-ups.
FC Stal Alchevsk
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Stal-2 Alchevsk
Association football clubs established in 2000
Association football clubs disestablished in 2003
2000 establishments in Ukraine
2003 disestablishments in Ukraine
A Bartmann jug (from German Bartmann, "bearded man"), also called Bellarmine jug, is a type of decorated salt-glazed stoneware that was manufactured in Europe throughout the 16th and 17th centuries, especially in the Cologne region in what is today western Germany. The signature decorative detail was a bearded face mask appearing on the lower neck of the vessel.
They were made as jugs, bottles and pitchers in various sizes and for a multitude of uses, including storage of food or drink, decanting wine and transporting goods.
Origins
Stoneware was a key export product of Germany in the late Middle Ages and the early modern period and was shipped to markets in Northern and Eastern Europe, the British Isles and later to colonies in North America and Asia. One of the largest centers of stoneware production was located in the Rhineland around the city of Cologne and the nearby towns and villages of Siegburg, Troisdorf-Altenrath, and Frechen. Like other German stoneware of the period, it was characterized by relief decoration through the use of mould techniques. Various patterns and motifs were used throughout different periods and regions, and one of the most distinct and well-known was the bearded facemask (German: Bartmaske) used most frequently by Cologne and especially Frechen potters in the 16th and 17th centuries to decorate the necks of stoneware bottles, jugs and pitchers. The image of the bearded face is believed to have originated in the mythical wild man creature, popular in northern European folklore from the 14th century, and later appearing as an illustration on everything from manuscript illuminations to metalworkings.
The popular alternative name "Bellarmine" is recorded earliest in 1634, and is in popular tradition associated with the cardinal Robert Bellarmine (1542–1621), a fierce opponent of Protestantism in the Low Countries and northern Germany. The reason for the association with Bellarmine is not entirely clear but was possibly conceived by Dutch and English Protestants to ridicule the cardinal. Another possibility is their anti-alcohol stance.
Iconography
The defining feature of Bartmann jugs, the bearded face mask, is the only constant motif throughout their production. In the 16th century they could be adorned with popular floral or oakleaf-and-acorn decoration on the body of the vessel. Later, especially in the 17th century, they would frequently be decorated with a medallion in the middle of the body, usually in the form of the arms of royalty, noble families or towns. Many other types of ornamental patterns were used including sobering religious maxims such as DRINCK VND EZT GODEZ NIT VERGEZT, “Drink and eat, forget not God”. The design of the face masks, or Bartmänner, went through a design change during the 17th century as they "became progressively debased and notably grotesque".
Distribution and use
Early modern stoneware from Germany, particularly the Rhineland, "enjoys the greatest archaeological distribution around the globe", and this includes the Bartmann jugs. They have been located in archeological sites all over the world, as a sign of European colonization, emigration and trade. A pair of Bartmann jugs have been documented at the site of the wreck of the English ship Sea Venture, lost in 1609 off Bermuda. The jugs have been dated to around 1580–90, meaning that they had survived for about two decades, including ship transport, which indicates the extent of longevity that Rhenish stoneware could have. The Dutch East India Company routinely used Bartmann jugs to transport mercury, evidence of which has been found at shipwreck sites in the North Sea and as far away as Western Australia. Frechen Bartmann bottles dating from the mid 17th century have been found in graves of native inhabitants in colonial North America, near the Warren River in Rhode Island and in Camden, Virginia. Among the finds of period shipwrecks, Bartmann jugs frequently appear among the finds. A Bartmann bottle donated to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London was most likely a bottle salvaged from the wreck of the mid-16th century warship Mary Rose in 1840.
In the 17th century Bartmann jugs were employed as witch bottles, a popular type of magic item which was filled with various objects such as human urine, hair and magical charms, which were supposed to benefit their owners or harm their enemies. Bottles with malevolent-looking face masks, typical of the period, were routinely chosen for this very purpose.
Bartmann jugs were a signature product of Frechen, but their popularity resulted in imitations made in Raeren (Belgium) and Siegburg. They were manufactured in several locations in England, either by English potters copying German patterns or by immigrant Germans. In the late 19th century, during a revival of German stoneware-making, Bartmann jugs were reproduced based on illustrations of museum collections. Attempted forgeries were discovered in England in the 1990s.
See also
Catawba Valley Pottery
Jerry Dolyn Brown
Notes
References
Gaimster, David German Stoneware 1200–1900: Archaeological and Cultural History, Containing a guide to the collection of the British Museum, Victoria & Albert Museum and Museum of London (with contributions by Robin Hildyard, John A. Goodall, Judy Rudoe, Duncan R. Hook, Ian C. Freestone and Mike S. Tite) British Museum Press, London. 1997.
Gardiner, Julie (editor), Before the Mast: life and death aboard the Mary Rose The Archeology of the Mary Rose, Volume 4. The Mary Rose Trust, Portsmouth. 2005.
External links
Beardman jugs from the Avondster site
German pottery
Stoneware
Ceramic art
Pottery shapes
Federico Martínez may refer to:
Federico Martínez Roda (born 1950), Spanish history professor
Federico Martínez (footballer, born 1984), Uruguayan football forward
Federico Martínez (footballer, born 1996), Uruguayan football left midfielder
The 1974 WTA Tour was composed of the fourth annual Virginia Slims Circuit and Women's International Grand Prix, a tour of tennis tournaments for female tennis players, sponsored by Virginia Slims cigarettes. The WTA signed their first television broadcast contract in 1974, with the broadcasting network CBS with Brent Musburger announcing.
Schedule
This is a calendar of all events sponsored by Virginia Slims in the year 1974, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage. The table also includes the Grand Slam tournaments, the 1974 Virginia Slims Championships and the 1974 Federation Cup.
Key
December (1973)
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Earnings
Statistical information
These tables present the number of singles (S), doubles (D), and mixed doubles (X) titles won by each player and each nation during the 1973 Virginia Slims Circuit. They also include data for the Grand Slam tournaments and the year-end championships. The table is sorted by:
total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation);
highest amount of the highest category tournaments (for example, having a single Grand Slam gives preference over any kind of combination without a Grand Slam title);
a singles > doubles > mixed doubles hierarchy;
alphabetical order (by family names for players).
Key
Titles won by player
Titles won by nation
See also
1974 World Team Tennis season
1974 Men's Grand Prix circuit
References
External links
Women's Tennis Association (WTA) official website
International Tennis Federation (ITF) official website
Virginia Slims WTA Tour
WTA Tour seasons
James Middleton Dyson (4 March 1907 – 2000) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.
References
1907 births
2000 deaths
People from the City of Lancaster
English footballers
Association football wingers
Park Villa F.C. players
British Dyestuffs F.C. players
Northwich Victoria F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891) players
English Football League players
Kuiya orai is a village near Orai station in Uttar Pradesh State in India. A national highway passes through it.
Kishorilalji bjp district Maha Sachiv belongs to the village.
Villages in Jalaun district
Orai
Russian boot is the name applied to a style of calf- or knee-length fashion boot for women that was popular in the early part of the 20th century. Russian boots fell out of favor in the 1930s, but were the inspiration for the high-leg fashion boots that returned to popularity in the 1950s and 60s. Today the term Russian boot is sometimes applied to the style of low heeled boots worn by some folk dancers.
History
The original Russian boot was the valenki, a flat heeled, wide topped, knee-length boot worn by Russian soldiers. Designed to combat the extremely cold Russian winters, valenki were normally made of thick felt. The boots' uppers were loosely constructed for convenience and comfort, which produced the style's distinctive wrinkling effect around the ankles. The term was later applied to women's boots in leather that appeared in the second decade of the 20th century.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, shoes with high uppers, buttoned or laced and reaching to the lower calves, were common footwear for women. Rising hemlines made longer styles of boots popular, particularly when the alternative was exposure of the leg, which was still considered shocking. In 1913, Denise Poiret, wife of celebrated French couturier Paul Poiret, caused a sensation in Paris and New York by wearing knee-length boots in wrinkled Morocco leather. Designed by their husband and made by the bottier Favereau, these boots were styled with a low heel and a square toe; they had versions in red, white, green, and yellow In 1915 the New York Times reported that, partly inspired by Mme. Poiret, these so-called "Russian boots" were becoming an outré statement by some cutting-edge fashionable women. However, no boots of any kind caught on with the general public in these years, women being accustomed to traditional high-top shoes, either laced or buttoned. Russian boots remained a forward fashion statement, however, adopted by stage and film stars, including Mary Pickford, Irene Castle, Cécile Sorel and Gloria Swanson, and endorsed by such leading designers as the London-based Lucile (Lady Duff Gordon), who also famously wore them herself.
From the mid-1910s into the early '20s, as hemlines rose from ankle length to mid-calf, high-heeled Russian boots with pointe or rounded toes, were increasingly popular. They were available in a variety of styles, calf- or knee-length, with a Cuban or Louis heel, which could be pull-on, or zip-fastened for a closer fit. Worn with calf-length and finally knee-length skirts, they often featured decorative features such as elaborate stitching or fur trim. Russian boots were stylish throughout the 1920s as the fashionable alternative to galoshes in winter. They also acquired a racy reputation, as the sort of footwear worn by girls who frequented saloon bars and speakeasies.
By the mid-1920s, British shoe manufacturers were reporting record orders for high-legged women's boots and they were so popular that they were being blamed for causing women to catch colds, have accidents in the street, and even injure themselves. Initially popular in Britain, the new boot style quickly spread to Paris and the United States, while English women in India complained that Russian boots were not yet available in Bombay. The emergence of these tall boots for women was interpreted by some contemporary writers as a consequence of women's transition from the “leisure class” to the world of business.
With increasing sales, however, complaints began to be made about the poor quality of leather used in the cheaper pairs which were not adequately waterproofed and had a tendency to sag around the ankle; although manufacturers took steps to address issues of fit by introducing taller, better fitting styles this was ultimately blamed for their decline in popularity. Where protection from the elements was needed, Russian boots were increasingly replaced by fashionable variants of the rubber Wellington boot. Mass popularity was also seen as a barrier to chic women adopting boots as a fashion item. Although they were still popular as late as the beginning of the 1930s, within a few years Russian boots had fallen out of favor. It was not until the 1950s that boots were again regarded as fashion items for women.
Today
Russian boots were the inspiration for the modern fashion boot, some of which closely resemble styles that first appeared in the 1920s. The term “Russian boot” is usually applied to the flat-heeled, calf-length boots popular with some traditions of folk dancing, especially those from Eastern Europe. In 2009, The New York Times reported that the original felt valenki was being reinvented as a fashion item in Russia.
See also
Boot
Fashion boot
Valenki
1920s in fashion
References
History of fashion
Shoes
Boots
Austin Hall (1885 – 1933) was an American short story writer and novelist. They began writing when, while working as a cowboy, they were asked to write a story. They wrote westerns, science fiction and fantasy for pulp magazines.
Works
(from the Internet Speculative Fiction Database)
Novels
The Blind Spot (1921), with Homer Eon Flint
People of the Comet (1923)
The Spot of Life (1932)
Serials
Into the Infinite (1919)
Short fiction
"Almost Immortal" (1916)
"The Rebel Soul" (1917)
"The Man Who Saved the Earth" (1919)
References
Sources
External links
1885 births
1933 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American fantasy writers
American male novelists
American science fiction writers
American male short story writers
20th-century American short story writers
20th-century American male writers
The 2004 United States presidential election in Hawaii took place on November 2, 2004. Voters chose four representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Hawaii was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by an 8.7% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Kerry would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The state has voted Republican only twice since statehood (in the 49-state Republican landslides of 1972 and 1984). As of the 2020 presidential election, this is the last time Hawaii was decided by a single-digit margin, the last time a Democratic candidate for president failed to receive 60% of the vote in Hawaii, and also the last time a Republican received more than 35% of the vote here. As of , this is the only time Hawaii has voted against an incumbent president who won reelection.
Caucuses
2004 Hawaii Democratic caucuses
Campaign
Predictions
There were 12 news organizations who made state-by-state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
D.C. Political Report: Solid Democrat
Associated Press: Solid Kerry
CNN: Kerry
Cook Political Report: Solid Democrat
Newsweek: Solid Kerry
New York Times: Solid Kerry
Rasmussen Reports: Kerry
Research 2000: Solid Kerry
Washington Post: Kerry
Washington Times: Solid Kerry
Zogby International: Kerry
Washington Dispatch: Kerry
Polling
Only 4 pre-election polls were taken in the state in the entire 2004 election. Kerry won the first two, which were taken before October, and Bush won the other 2 which were taken in the final month of October. The final RCP average gave Bush leading with a margin of 0.9%. The final 3 polls averaged Kerry leading 48% to 43%.
Fundraising
Bush raised $906,799. Kerry raised $279,877.
Advertising and visits
Neither campaign spent advertising money during the fall campaign. However, with polls showing the race tightening, Vice President Cheney appeared at a campaign rally for the Republican ticket in Honolulu on October 31, 2004.
Analysis
Bush and Cheney did campaign here early on, but not throughout the entire campaign. Hawaii is considered too much of a Democratic stronghold to be a swing state. Hawaii is represented by two Democratic senators and representatives, and there has never been any competition in a senatorial election. Despite Bush's loss in the state, they improved upon their performance in the state from 2000. More importantly, they had the strongest showing for a Republican presidential candidate in the state since Ronald Reagan in 1984, doing a little better than their father did in 1988. This is the last time Hawaii was decided by a single digit margin. This is also the last time a Republican received more than 45% of the vote in Hawaii.
Results
By county
By congressional district
Kerry won both congressional districts.
Electors
Technically the voters of Hawaii cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Hawaii is allocated 4 electors because it has 2 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 4 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and their or their running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 4 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for president and vice president. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than their or their candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004, to cast their votes for president and vice president. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from Hawaii. All were pledged to and voted for John Kerry and John Edwards:
Frances Kagawa
Joy Kobashigawa Lewis
Samuel Mitchell
Dolly Strazar
References
Hawaii
2004
2004 Hawaii elections
My Old Man's Place (also known as Glory Boy or The Old Man's Place) is a 1971 American war drama film directed by Edwin Sherin and starring Arthur Kennedy, Mitchell Ryan, William Devane, Michael Moriarty, and Topo Swope. The film was released by Cinerama Releasing Corporation on June 29, 1971.
Plot
Cast
Arthur Kennedy as Walter Pell
Mitchell Ryan as Sergeant Martin Flood (as Mitch Ryan)
William Devane as Jimmy Pilgrim
Michael Moriarty as Trubee Pell
Topo Swope as Helen
Lloyd Gough as Dr. Paul
Ford Rainey as Sheriff Coleman
Peter Donat as Car Salesman
Sandra Vacey as Darlene Pilgrim
Paula Kauffman as "Bubbles"
Eve Marchand as Streetwalker
Bud Walls as Marine
Harvey Brumfield as M.P.
References
External links
1970s war drama films
American war drama films
1971 films
Cinerama Releasing Corporation films
1971 drama films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Walters House, also as known as the Walters Residence, is a historic home located in Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia. It was built about 1900–1901, and is a brick Queen Anne style brick dwelling. It features a three-story tower in the southeast corner topped with a wrought-iron balustrade. The architect is unknown. It was a single family home until 1931, after which it was a boarding house, fraternity house, home of the University Christian Council, and law offices. It is currently the location of the Morgantown Chabad Jewish Center. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is located in the Downtown Morgantown Historic District, listed in 1996.
Location
The Walters Residence is located just outside of the original Morgantown city limits. However, Morgantown expanded its city limits to accommodate its growing population at the same time as when the house was built. At this time, upper-class residents had yet to move out to the high-end suburbs that were developed later in the twentieth century and still lived in large houses in the downtown area.
History
Walters and Fling residence
In 1899, William E. Glasscock, future governor of West Virginia, and their wife, Mary, sold the land to Mary S. Walters. The house was constructed during Mary's ownership some time before 1902. When Mary S. Walters died in 1913, the property was conveyed to their heirs who later sold the property to Ona Fling in 1920. During the intervening years, city directories show Rev. William H. Berry, the rector of St. Paul's Lutheran Church, and their wife, Venetia, living at the address. The 1920/1921 city directory lists the Sigma Nu fraternity at the address.
Ona Fling lived at the property from around 1920 until they died in 1931. In the later years of their residence, they rented out rooms in the house. Ona Fling's heirs rented the property to tenants who may have operated a boarding house and later, to the Sigma Phi Epsilon and Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternities. By 1945, Elsie Fling Price, one of Ona's heirs, was living in the house and renting out rooms. In 1951, Elsie and the other heirs sold the property to Ivan M. and Ades Shahan Bowers. Ivan Bowers operated Bowers' Rooming House at 447 High Street in downtown Morgantown.
Conversion to campus ministry
In 1965, the Bowers conveyed the property to the trustees of the Trinity Episcopal Church of Morgantown who rented the house to students. Around 1971, the Trinity Episcopal Church leased the building to the University Christian Council (UCC), a relatively new ecumenical campus ministry. The campus ministry occupied the first floor and students continued to live in the upper stories.
The University Christian Council emerged from the ecumenical movement within the field of campus ministry, which was active at West Virginia University in the late 1960s. In 1969, the ecumenical campus ministry center was named the Bennett House in honor of Thomas Bennett. Thomas Bennett was a conscientious objector who was killed in Vietnam while serving in the Army Medical Corps. They were posthumously awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. When they were a student at West Virginia University, Thomas Bennett served as the president of the Campus Ecumenical Council and was very involved in the campus ecumenical movement and social causes. At the peak of the campus ecumenical movement, West Virginia University's campus ministry center included United Methodists, Roman Catholics, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Lutherans, and Disciples of Christ ministers.
In late twentieth-century Morgantown, many campus ministers, particularly those of liberal Protestant denominations, worked closely with student activists and were involved in social activism. In the 1970s, campus ministers in the Bennett House were involved in a number of student and community projects, including draft, drug, and abortion counseling. The Women's Information Center, which was founded in 1971, operated within the campus ministry until the early 1990s under the direction of Reba Thurmond, United Methodist campus minister. The Center offered anonymous pregnancy testing and pro-choice counseling as well as programs on women's issues. The organization's philosophy was to empower women with information to make their own decisions regarding their sexuality and reproductive lives. In 1973, the Rape Information Service, which became the Rape and Domestic Violence Information Center, opened in the Bennett House. It was a collaborative project of the Women's Information Center, the local National Organization for Women chapter, and the Women's Affairs Committee of WVU. The organization provided services to victims of sexual assault, hosted public programming on sexual assault, and lobbied for legislative changes. Eventually, it outgrew the Bennett House and moved into its own building. Grassroots feminist organizations, like the Women's Information Center and Rape and Domestic Violence Information Center, were established all over the country during the late-twentieth century revival of the women's movement.
The Trinity Episcopal Church disagreed with some of the activities of the University Christian Council, specifically the Women's Information Center. Eventually, the disagreement caused the UCC to move out of the Walters Residence in 1979. The UCC moved to a building of the old downtown hospital which no longer exists, and then to the Rogers House, where it has been located since 1984.
Conversion to law offices and Chabad house
In 1981, the Walters Residence was conveyed to SGB, Inc. The office of Stone, Gallagher, and Byrne, attorneys and CPAS opened at the location in 1982. SGB, Inc. rented the upper stories and basement to students.
In 2004, the property was sold to Benton Financiers Inc. who sold the property to Chabad of Morgantown Inc. in 2014. The Chabad Jewish Center of Morgantown was established in 2007 and uses the Walters Residence as a Chabad House. It is one of over 110 on-site campus Chabads across America.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Queen Anne architecture in West Virginia
Houses in Morgantown, West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Monongalia County, West Virginia
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in West Virginia
1901 establishments in West Virginia
Houses completed in 1901
The Montagne des Français Reserve (French for: mountain of the French) is a protected area consisting principally of dry deciduous forest in northern Madagascar. It is part of the larger Ramena protected area complex which also includes Orangea Reserve and the Ambodivahibe Marine Reserve. These three protected areas are currently being created and will be designated in 2008.
Flora and fauna
The Montagne des Français reserve protects deciduous dry forest characteristic of the north of Madagascar. Much of the forest is on a calcareous massif that has been eroded into karst formations known locally as Antsingy. The forested area ranges from 100–450 metres above sea level. This mountain is thought to receive more rain than the surrounding area (Antsiranana receives approximately 1000mm precipitation annually) which explains the lush vegetation in an otherwise very dry bioclimatic zone. Preliminary botanical and zoological inventories have been done that show these forests are rich in both fauna and flora and include a remarkable number of local and regional endemic species. In particular this is one of the best places to see the baobab Adansonia suarezensis as well as an aloe, Aloe suarezensis, both of which are restricted to this area of northern Madagascar. Other locally endemic plants of interest include the flame tree, Delonix regia, the rare Diegodendron humbertii that is the only representative of the family Diegodendronaceae and known from only a few dozen individuals, and Baudouina solleyformis, which is used locally as a traditional protection against witchcraft. To date, 242 species from 58 families and 158 genera have been described from the Montagne des Français; the five most important families that account for over 40% of the species are the Rubiaceae, Fabaceae, Malvaceae, Euphorbiaceae and Sapindaceae.
Zoological surveys to date have identified 19 species of amphibian, 52 reptile species, 56 birds and 21 mammals. Of the herpetofauna, eight species are endemic to the Montagne des Français, 28 are regional endemics, 2 are listed as globally threatened in IUCN's 2006 Red List and 14 species are CITES listed.
Conservation
The main threats to the Montagne des Français are linked to demand for wood-based products from the nearby city of Antsiranana. Logging for timber and charcoal production are the main threats. Unlike most of Madagascar, slash and burn agriculture is not a major threat since most of the remaining forest is on land unsuitable for agriculture.
Several other karst limestone areas are also protected in Madagascar including Tsingy de Bemaraha, Tsingy de Namoroka and the Tsingy d'Ankarana reserve 100 km to the south of Montagne des Français. The current effort to create a new reserve in the Montagne des Francais involves many local organizations and is being headed up by the local regional government with technical support and funding from Conservation International.
Tourism
The Montagne des Francais is accessible from the city of Antsiranana (also known as Diego Suarez). The base of a trail leading to the summit can be reached approximately 12 km by road from Antsiranana; a guide is recommended. The trail to the summit takes approximately 2 hours and several viewpoints along the way and at the summit provide views over the Diego Bay. The remains of several fortifications dating from the French colonial period can still be seen. These fortifications and the whole area around Diego were the scene of fierce fighting during World War II between the Vichy French occupiers and British forces.
See also
National parks of Madagascar
Diana Region
Protected areas of Madagascar
Geography of Madagascar
Protected areas established in 2007
Anupam Garg is a professor in the department of Physics & Astronomy at Northwestern University, Illinois. They received their Ph.D. in 1983 from Cornell University. In 2012, they became a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS) thanks to their work on molecular magnetism and macroscopic quantum phenomena.
Garg is best known for formulating the Leggett–Garg inequality, named for Anthony James Leggett and himself, which is a mathematical inequality fulfilled by all macrorealistic physical theories.  They are also known for the Garg-Onuchic-Ambegaokar model of charge transfer. Their current research interests center around quantum and semi-classical phenomena associated with the orientation of quantum mechanical spin.
Garg is the author of a graduate physics textbook, Classical Electromagnetism in a Nutshell.
References
Cornell University alumni
21st-century American physicists
Northwestern University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
IIT Delhi alumni
Samson Mason (July 24, 1793 – February 1, 1869) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Fort Ann, Washington County, New York, Mason attended the common schools in Onondaga, New York.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar and practiced in Springfield, Ohio.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Clark County in 1822.
They served as a member of the State Senate 1829-1831.
They served as president judge of the court of common pleas in 1834.
Mason was elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth Congress and reelected as a Whig to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1835 – March 3, 1843).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Business (Twenty-fifth Congress).
They were not a candidate for renomination.
Mason was a Presidential elector in 1844 for Clay/Frelinghuysen.
They served as a member of the state house of representatives in 1845 and 1846.
United States Attorney for Ohio 1850-1853.
They served as a delegate to the Ohio constitutional convention in 1850.
They served in the state senate 1862-1864.
They served from captain to major general in the state militia.
They died in Springfield, Ohio, February 1, 1869.
They were interred in Ferncliff Cemetery.
Sources
1793 births
1869 deaths
Politicians from Springfield, Ohio
Ohio National Republicans
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1850)
1844 United States presidential electors
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
United States Attorneys for the District of Ohio
American militia generals
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Onondaga, New York
People from Fort Ann, New York
19th-century American lawyers
Cyril Robinson may refer to:
Cyril Robinson (footballer) (1929–2019), English footballer
Cyril Robinson (cricketer) (1873–1948), English cricketer
Cyril E. Robinson, English historian, writer and teacher
The following is a timeline of the presidency of Donald Trump during the third quarter of 2019, from July 1 to September 30, 2019. To navigate quarters, see timeline of the Donald Trump presidency.
Overview
Public opinion
Timeline
July 2019
August 2019
September 2019
See also
Presidential transition of Donald Trump
First 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency
List of executive actions by Donald Trump
List of presidential trips made by Donald Trump (international trips)
References
2019 Q3
Presidency of Donald Trump
July 2019 events in the United States
August 2019 events in the United States
September 2019 events in the United States
2019 timelines
Political timelines of the 2010s by year
Articles containing video clips
Federico Díez de Medina (1839–1904) was born in La Paz, Bolivia. Bolivian Minister of Foreign Relations and Worship (1898, 1900–1901) and Dean of the Universidad Mayor de La Paz (1878). Politician and writer, they served as Bolivian ambassador throughout South America. They wrote several texts on international law, politics, and international relations.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20050411141512/http://www.rree.gov.bo/MINISTERIO/autoridades/fddm-curr.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20050408214001/http://bvumsa.umsanet.edu.bo/historia/umsa.htm
External links
1839 births
1904 deaths
People from La Paz
Foreign ministers of Bolivia
Ambassadors of Bolivia
An arcade controller is a collective set of input devices designed primarily for use in an arcade cabinet. A typical control set consists of a joystick and a number of push-buttons. Less common setups include devices such as trackballs or steering wheels. These devices are generally produced under the assumption that they will be used in commercial settings, such as in video arcades, where they may be heavily or roughly used. Durability is one of the distinguishing characteristics of "authentic" arcade parts when compared with numerous, low-cost arcade imitations designed for private use in the home.
Joystick design
A typical joystick is a digital input device that registers movement according to the range of motion that it is designed to detect. Most modern joysticks have an 8-way configuration, allowing for movement in the cardinal directions and the diagonals. There also exist common "analog" sticks that in actuality are implemented as 49-way digital, with incremental degrees of movement in each direction. Many vintage arcade games use a 4-way or even 2-way stick rather than an 8-way stick, which can cause compatibility problems that may be mitigated by the use of an appropriate restrictor gate.
Joystick types
The three most common arcade joystick types are the ball top, bat top, 4 button layouts, and a keyboard WASD type. In Korea, the bat top is by far the most common with the ball top style being most common in Japan. If the ball and bat top is uncomfortable, The 4 button layout and keyboard WASD are always available. This kind of format is most common in Hitbox arcade sticks. The type of joystick is a matter of personal preference and comfort, as different types of grips, and angles, and button types are vastly available.
Restrictor gates
A restrictor gate limits the joystick's range of motion. The most common reason to use a gate in an actual arcade setting is the retrofitting of an older machine that is not compatible with a new 8-way stick. A classic example of this is Pac-Man. The game was originally designed for a 4-way stick, and is programmed to respond only when a new input occurs. If the user is holding the stick in the down position, then suddenly makes a motion to move to the right, what often happens is that the stick first moves into the down-right diagonal, which the game does not recognize as new input since down is still being held. However, right is also now considered held, and when the user completes the motion to move right, it is also not a new input, and Pac-Man will still be moving down.
In cases such as the above, a typical solution is to use a square (diamond) or clover-shaped restrictor, which prevents the stick from entering the diagonals.
For home arcade controllers, the most common restrictor gate used in modding is the octagonal gate. This is because most mid-grade and higher controllers use Japanese-style sticks with a traditional square gate—which is chosen because it has an equal area of throw for each direction. However, because of the sharp corners, the stick can get stuck in the diagonals if the player is unaccustomed to using a square gate. The octagonal gate allows for continuous motion along the edges using inertia, more similar to the circular motion of American sticks. In a fighting game many 360 degree motion special moves are usually executed easier with an octagonal gate while charge characters and characters which utilize many directional based moves will benefit more from a stick with a square gate.
Regional style
Traditionally, there has been a divide between "American-style" (associated with the manufacturer Happ) and "Japanese-style" (common to Sanwa and Seimitsu) designs. American joysticks are generally made from hard plastic, with a tall, thick shaft shaped like a baseball bat (bat-top). Common grips for this type of stick utilize 4-5 fingers for pull and push, but all involve grabbing the stick from the side. The stick has a high resistance due to the amount of leverage that it gives to the user. American buttons have a long stroke, which is associated with a clicking action (which also adds to resistance) to let the player know when the switch has been activated. The buttons are generally concave and designed to be pressed with one or two fingers.
Japanese joysticks have a large spherical ball (ball-top) positioned at the top of a short, thin metal shaft. In contrast to the bat-top, a ball-top grip can be reasonably approached from almost any direction—the side, above, or below, and with different placements of the fingers, according to preference. This gives the stick more flexibility towards a general audience, however the ball itself may be considered awkward to hold. Also, because of the shaft's low mounting height, users with large hands may find the setup to be uncomfortable and constricting. Because of the shorter shaft and lighter grips used with this type of stick, resistance is relatively low. Japanese button design is based on requiring less effort from the player to press, and as such they have short strokes and very little resistance. They do not click as there is usually no question as to whether the button has been pressed, however this also means that players may find them too sensitive, and resting fingers on buttons requires more care.
In recent years, with the decline of arcades in the West, some popular Japanese arcade games are no longer considered profitable enough to be worth localizing and producing domestically even though they are eventually ported to home consoles. Because these games rely on newer, often proprietary hardware such as HD flat-screen monitors, entire cabinets for these games must be imported from Japan. It is therefore becoming more common to see cabinets with Japanese-style controls in American arcades.
At home
Prior to the 2000s, it was generally accepted that most home consoles were not powerful enough to accurately replicate arcade games (such games are known as being "arcade-perfect"). As such, there was correspondingly little effort to bring arcade-quality controls into the home. Though many imitation arcade controllers were produced for various consoles and the PC, most were designed for affordability and few were able to deliver the responsiveness or feel of a genuine arcade setup.
Nevertheless, as early as 1990, SNK released the home version of its arcade Neo-Geo MVS system, called the Neo-Geo AES, which featured the exact (except for coin-op configuration possibilities unavailable on home console) same games on the AES (home console) as on the MVS (arcade system). SNK only made one type of arcade stick and no gamepad for this console. SNK's AES sturdy joystick was considered by many as the best arcade stick ever to be found on a 2D console at the time.
The company Exar recently offered a revised reissue with extra buttons called "Neo Geo Stick 2" (as well as "2+" and "3" versions) for the PS&PS2 in Japan in 2005, for Wii in 2008, PS3 in 2009 and the "Neo Geo Pad USB" in 2010.
In the 2000s, especially outside Japan, arcade attendance decreased as more gamers migrated to increasingly powerful home consoles. In 1994, the Neo-Geo CD was the first CD console to translate arcade games on home systems in an upgraded version, the soundtracks being rendered in CD quality, the games besides this were similar to AES/MVS versions. It was available with a new D-pad arcade stick hybrid, and was compatible with the older AES arcade sticks as well. Although the Neo-Geo CD was able only to offer 2D games, in 1998, the Dreamcast was the first console to deliver at once 3D games and near-perfect arcade translations, thanks mostly to the similarity in hardware between it and Sega's NAOMI arcade system. Interest in bringing home the arcade experience grew steadily throughout the decade, with fighting game enthusiasts building their own controllers using parts from arcade manufacturers such as Sanwa Denshi, Happ, and Seimitsu. At the same time, the PC became increasingly competent as an arcade emulator with software such as MAME, and enthusiasts have built entire faux arcade cabinets to bring the total experience home. Arcade style controllers such as the X-Arcade provided more authentic controls for such setups.
Towards the end of the decade, the popularity of the game Street Fighter IV was credited for reviving interest in playing fighting games at the arcade, and for stimulating demand for arcade-quality controllers when the game was ported to home consoles. In a licensing deal for the home version of SF IV, Mad Catz produced the Street Fighter IV FightStick Tournament Edition, the first commercially available console stick in North America to include genuine (Sanwa) arcade parts. They also released a lower-cost version of the controller with Mad Catz's own imitation parts, but designed the housing so that the parts could easily be replaced, for those who wanted to upgrade later. This in turn generated more publicity for modding and building custom sticks. These controllers have also been given the nickname of "fightstick".
References
American inventions
Arcade hardware
Game controllers
The Canadian Beef Grading Agency is an organization accredited by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency to monitor grading of meat products in Canada.
References
Food and drink in Canada
Agriculture in Canada
1929 establishments in Canada
Meat processing in Canada
Agricultural organizations based in Canada
Meat industry organizations
Rafael Carpio (born 26 October 1937) is a Mexican former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1937 births
Living people
Mexican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Mexico
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Mexico City
Valerie Peat (30 April 1947 – 14 May 1997) was a British international sprinter.
Athletics career
They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
They represented England and won a silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay, at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.
References
External links
1947 births
1997 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
British female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Place of birth missing
Olympic female sprinters
Zhang Shuang (born 10 September 1986) is a Chinese long-track speed skater. They competed for China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the women's 500 m.
Personal records
References
1986 births
Living people
Chinese female speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of China
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Asian Games medalists in speed skating
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Speed skaters at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade silver medalists for China
Universiade bronze medalists for China
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Heilongjiang
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
Bridget Rowe (16 March 1950 – 12 January 2021) was a British newspaper editor.
Life and career
Rowe worked for a succession of magazines: 19, Petticoat, Club, Look Now and Woman's World, before becoming Assistant Editor of The Sun, then editor of "Sunday", the News of the World magazine. In 1986, Rowe became editor of Woman's Own, then left to become editor of TV Times.
Rowe edited the Sunday Mirror from 1991 to 1992, then moved to edit The People. In 1993 The People published a photo of Sonia Sutcliffe taken by a freelance photographer that breached Press Complaints Commission code of conduct on privacy. Them refusal to accept respsponsibility for the actions of the photographer was described by the PCC as "lamentable".
In 1995, they became managing director of both newspapers, and in 1997 they returned to editing the Sunday Mirror for a year. After this they served as the Director of Communications for the National Magazine Company, and later was the content director of Yava until it closed in 2001. They were a panelist on the first series of Loose Women in 1999.
A friend of United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage, Rowe registered as the leader of Libertas UK with the United Kingdom Electoral Commission in December 2008, in order to prevent Declan Ganley's political party Libertas from fielding candidates in the UK's European Parliament elections in 2009 under that name. Rowe worked as public relations chief for the business person and UKIP donor Arron Banks.
Rowe died from COVID-19 in Farnborough on 12 January 2021, at the age of 70, during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom.
References
1950 births
2021 deaths
English magazine editors
English newspaper editors
UK Independence Party people
The Sunday People people
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in England
The Romanian occupation of Pokuttia () took place in early 1919, when, as a result of alliances concluded between Romania and Poland, the former entered the southeastern corner of the former Austro-Hungarian ruled province of Galicia. During the interwar period, Romania was Poland's main ally in Eastern Europe (see Polish–Romanian alliance). Both nations were bound by several treaties and history of this alliance dates back to the end of World War I and the Treaty of Versailles. However, to actively cooperate, governments in Bucharest and Warsaw emphasized the necessity of a shared border. Discussions about the border started in Paris some time at the beginning of 1919 and continued during the following months.
The proposal for occupation was first advanced by the Romanian government of Ion I. C. Brătianu on May 8, 1919. Brătianu suggested this as a means to separate both Czechoslovakia and Hungary from Soviet influences, thus consolidating the position of both Greater Romania and the Second Polish Republic, as well as help the Poles get in touch with their Romanian ally.
The proposal was accepted by the Polish leader, Marshal Józef Piłsudski and on May 24, 1919, the Romanian Army 7. Infantry Division, led by General Iacob Zadik, entered Pokuttya. After three days, the Romanians met the Poles in the area of Kalusz. As Polish Army was involved in other conflicts (chiefly with the Soviets), the Romanians stayed in Pokuttia until late August 1919. Their units were stationed in such towns as Ivano-Frankivsk, and Kolomyia. In late summer of 1919 Polish troops entered Pokuttya (see Polish-Ukrainian War) and the Romanians withdrew to their country.
Also, the mutual cooperation resulted in Romanian permit for the free passage of the 4th Riflemen Division (under General Lucjan Żeligowski). This unit was kept in Romanian province of Bukovina for political purposes, and on June 17, 1919, the Romanians allowed it to enter Poland.
See also
Union of Bukovina with Romania
References
http://manufactura.home.pl/zecernia/?p=10
http://www.wspolnota-polska.org.pl/index.php?id=pwko70
External links
Romanian stamps issued in occupied Pokucie
1919 in Europe
Aftermath of World War I in Romania
Occupation
History of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Greater Romania
Military history of Ukraine
Romanian military occupations
1919 in Ukraine
1919 in Romania
Pokuttia
1919 in Poland
Romania–Ukraine relations
The Great Southern Railways (GSR) Class 850 consisted of a single 2-6-2T tank locomotive built by Inchicore railway works in 1927, the sole example carrying the same number as the class. It was the first locomotive designed and built by the GSR since it was formed.
Design
The design incorporated elements while retaining some features typical of previous Inchicore engines. It was suggested that parts of the last unaccounted for Class 393 kit supplied from Woolwich may have been incorporated into the design.
Service
The locomotive worked Dublin—Bray—Greystones services and particularly was noted for regular appearances on the 17:07 Greystones express and Dún Laoghaire pier for the boat connections. It also had a short spell on Waterford—Limerick services in the 1930s. The locomotive was powerful but was prone to a rolling motion at speed. Number 850 was noted for long and frequent periods out of service for repairs.
Incidents
In 1946 the locomotive fell into the turntable pit outside the Dublin Harcourt Street railway station and required extensive repairs.
References
2-6-2T locomotives
5 ft 3 in gauge locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1928
Scrapped locomotives
Ali Mebarki (born 28 December 1944 in Pierrefonds, Oise, France), represented Algeria in boxing, competing at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event, they lost in the first round to Mohamed Sourour of Morocco.
They later turned professional and had 7 fights but just winning two.
Career
Preliminaries (1/16) Olympic Games - Ciudad Mexico, Mexico 1968 (57 kg)
Dual Match Romania B - Algeria 22:0 Bucharest, Romania 1969
Duals Algeria - Poland 9:11 Alger, Algeria 1967
References
Boxers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Algeria
Algerian male boxers
Featherweight boxers
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
Sportspeople from Oise
1944 births
Living people
The 2019–20 Ukrainian First League is the 29th since its establishment.
The competition began on 27 July 2019 with eight matches of Round 1, and went into recess for a winter break which started after the completion of Round 19 on 24 November 2019. The competition was to be resumed on 22 March 2020 and was expected to end 23 May 2020. However, on 17 March 2020 the Ukrainian Association of Football adopted the decision to pause all football competitions in the country since 18 March 2020 for unspecified period of time (until adoption of the next decision to resume all football events) due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
On 11 June 2020, the PFL Extraordinary Conference took the decision to resume the competition starting from 24 June with the conclusion on 11 August 2020. Additionally, the league will be expanded to 18 teams starting from the next season. Later the last day of competition was extended due to some unforeseen circumstances (see below for details).
The Video assistant referee (VAR) position was implemented in the league starting from the round 25, with the game between Obolon-Brovar Kyiv and Rukh Lviv the first to use it on 20 July 2020.
Summary
On 6 June 2019 the PFL Council of leagues presented its plan draft ("contours") for the next season for both its First and its Second leagues. The final decision for the season was to be adopted at the next 27th PFL Conference which was scheduled for 27 June 2019.
For the next from 2020 to 2021 season, Ukrainian First League will expand to 18 teams. The bottom two teams from Ukrainian First League will battle relegation play-off to Ukrainian Second League. The top two teams of each group from Ukrainian Second League will gain promotion to Ukrainian First League next season. However, the third place team from Ukrainian Second League of each group will battle promotion play-off to Ukrainian First League.
Revival of competitions and administrative crisis
On 21 May 2020, the PFL council of leagues at its open-air session at Obolon Arena adopted decision to end competitions in the Second League, while competitions in the First League were placed on hold as some clubs were against to renew the season and no consensus was reached. In addition to issues with restart of competitions in the First League, FC Inhulets Petrove accused the Professional Football League in wrong interpretation of the season's regulation in placement of teams with the same number of points ("head-to-head tiebreak"). Earlier the president of Inhulets expressed its thoughts that the Ukrainian PFL should be dissolved and both its First and Second leagues added to the Ukrainian Premier League. While some clubs insisted to continue the competitions from where they were left off, there were clubs that recommended to abandon the competitions and reset them by starting anew without rotation of teams between tiers. Among the latter clubs was MFC Mykolaiv.
On 29 May 2020, an information has leaked that competitions are expected to resume on 23 June 2020. On 5 June 2020 another meeting of the PFL council of leagues approved resuming competitions in the First League (Persha Liha) starting on 23 June 2020 and made some adjustments to its season regulations among which it was decided to expand the league for the next season to 18 teams (from 16 currently) and therefore the relegation zone was removed, but the last two teams are expected to play-off with the two third placed teams out of the Second League (Druha Liha). The final decision in that regard is expected to be adopted at the next UAF Executive Committee meeting on 7 June 2020. The UAF Executive Committee postponed with its decision and asked the PFL to call for its conference on 11 June where it is expected to confirm the PFL's decision about next season and check if it is possible to resume competitions in both its divisions. The UAF Executive Committee also confirmed that the First League junior tournament is discontinued. The UAF President Pavelko also urged referee to prepare for the current season.
On 27 July 2020 24 out of 34 PFL clubs expressed their vote of no confidence to the PFL president Serhiy Makarov. On 5 August 2020 took place another PFL Council of leagues which ended in scandal and resignation of the PFL president Makarov. In opinion of the PFL, the meeting's main task was a deliberate disruption of the First League (Persha Liha) competitions.
Situation with promotions
On 9 July 2020, the president of Ahrobiznes Oleh Sobutskyi announced that their club will not apply on certification for the Ukrainian Premier League due to inadequate conditions of the club's stadium. Similarly, back in the 2012–13 and 2013–14 FC Oleksandriya and FC Stal Alchevsk were also refusing to be promoted on various pretenses. Yet, back in the 2016–17 NK Veres Rivne was promoted ahead of FC Desna Chernihiv, because supposedly the Chernihiv club did not have adequate home stadium, yet Veres that is based in Rivne after promotion played in Lviv. On 9 July 2020 on the Sobutskyi's announcement, the Ukrainian PFL sports director Yevhen Moroz commented not to jump to conclusion considering that the UAF awards certifications depending on situation recalling a couple of other examples. On 24 July 2020, the UAF Control and Disciplinary Committee (CDC) issued an official warning to the PFL sports director for their comment which "damages image of the Association and the Ukrainian football in general".
Teams
Promoted teams
The following teams have been promoted from the 2018–19 Ukrainian Second League:
FC Mynai – first place of the 2018–19 Ukrainian Second League Group A (debut)
Cherkashchyna-Akademiya Biloziria – second place of the 2018–19 Ukrainian Second League Group A, play-off win (returning after a season, previously competed as Cherkaskyi Dnipro competed in the 2017–18 season)
Kremin Kremenchuk – first place of the 2018–19 Ukrainian Second League Group B (returning after a season)
Metalurh Zaporizhya – second place of the 2018–19 Ukrainian Second League Group B, play-off defeat, but later promoted (debut, however another club named as Metalurh Zaporizhya competed in the 2011–12 season)
Relegated teams
The following teams have been relegated from the 2018–19 Ukrainian Premier League:
Chornomorets Odesa – 11th place of the 2018–19 Ukrainian Premier League, play-off defeat (returns after 8 seasons)
Reformed/reorganized teams
FC Rukh Vynnyky has officially relocated to Lviv and reformed as FC Rukh Lviv. Those changes were approved by the 27th PFL Conference.
FC Cherkashchyna-Akademiya Biloziria was reorganized again as FC Cherkashchyna and moved back to Cherkasy. During winter break the senior team was abandoned by its owners and taken over by Football Federation of Cherkasy Oblast to avoid withdrawal of the club mid season.
Withdrawn teams
Arsenal Kyiv – 12th place of the 2018–19 Ukrainian Premier League, was originally relegated, but later withdraw from the First League. Arsenal Kyiv was replaced by Metalurh Zaporizhya that lost promotional play-offs to Ahrobiznes.
Location map
The following displays the location of teams.
Stadiums
The following stadiums are considered home grounds for the teams in the competition.
Managers
Managerial changes
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|-
!Team
!Outgoing head coach
!Manner of departure
!Date of vacancy
!Table
!Incoming head coach
!Date of appointment
!Table
|-
| Metalist 1925 Kharkiv
| Oleksandr Horyainov
| Sacked
| 4 June 2019
| rowspan=4| Pre-season
| Andriy Demchenko
| 19 June 2019
| rowspan=4| Pre-season
|-
| Metalurh Zaporizhya
| Oleh Taran
| Resigned
| 13 June 2019
| Ivan Bohatyr
| 25 June 2019
|-
| Ahrobiznes Volochysk
| Andriy Donets
|
| 15 June 2019
| Ostap Markevych
| 15 June 2019
|-
| FC Mynai
| Kirill Kurenko
| Mutual consent
| 18 June 2019
| Vasyl Kobin
| 19 June 2019
|-
| Cherkashchyna Cherkasy
| Oleksandr Kyrylyuk
| Resigned
| 5 September 2019
| 13th
| Vitaliy Kobzar (interim)
| 5 September 2019
| 13th
|-
| rowspan=2|Hirnyk-Sport Horishni Plavni
| Volodymyr Mazyar
| Mutual consent, health issues,signed with FC Lviv
| 9 September 2019
| 14th
| Roman Pasichnychenko (interim)
| 15 September 2019
| 14th
|-
| Roman Pasichnychenko (interim)
| End of interim
| 16 September 2019
| 12th
| Ihor Zhabchenko
| 16 September 2019
| 12th
|-
| Chornomorets Odesa
| Angel Chervenkov
| Resigned
| 16 September 2019
| 10th
| Vitaliy Starovik (interim)
| 16 September 2019
| 10th
|-
| Kremin Kremenchuk
| Ihor Stolovytskyi
| Resigned
| 17 September 2019
| 14th
| Volodymyr Prokopynenko (interim)
| 17 September 2019
| 14th
|-
| Ahrobiznes Volochysk
| Ostap Markevych
| Mutual Consent
| 6 October 2019
| 7th
| Oleksandr Ivanov (interim)
| 6 October 2019
| 7th
|-
| Metalurh Zaporizhya
| Ivan Bohatyr
| Mutual Consent
| 7 October 2019
| 16th
| Oleksiy Hodin (interim)
| 7 October 2019
| 16th
|-
| MFC Mykolaiv
| Serhiy Shyshchenko
| Sacked
| 12 October 2019<ref name=Shyshchenko_fired>Yuriy Samotkan. Serhiy Shyshchenko left "Mykolaiv" (Сергей Шищенко покинул "Николаев"). Footboom. 12 October 2019</ref>
| 12th
| Yuriy Chaus (interim)
| 16 October 2019
| 12th
|-
| Chornomorets Odesa
| Vitaliy Starovik (interim)
| End of interim
| 14 October 2019
| 11th
| Ostap Markevych
| 14 October 2019
| 11th
|-
| Cherkashchyna Cherkasy
| Vitaliy Kobzar (interim)
| End of interim
| 25 October 2019
| 15th
| Oleksandr Kyrylyuk
| 25 October 2019
| 15th
|-
| Ahrobiznes Volochysk
| Oleksandr Ivanov (interim)
| End of interim
| 6 December 2019
| 6th
| Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi
| 10 December 2019
| 15th
|-
| MFC Mykolaiv
| Yuriy Chaus (interim)
| End of interim spell
| 9 December 2019
| 12th
| Illya Blyznyuk
| 13 January 2020
| 12th
|-
| Rukh Lviv
| Leonid Kuchuk
| Mutual consent
| 10 December 2019
| 1st
| Yuriy Bakalov
| 14 December 2019
| 1st
|-
| Obolon-Brovar Kyiv
| Serhiy Kovalets
| Mutual consent
| 9 January 2020
| 5th
| Oleh Mazurenko
| 13 January 2020
| 5th
|-
| rowspan=2|Kremin Kremenchuk
| Volodymyr Prokopynenko (interim)
| End of interim
| 3 February 2020
| rowspan=2|13th
| Volodymyr Prokopynenko
| 3 February 2020
| rowspan=2|13th
|-
| Volodymyr Prokopynenko
| Resigned
| 10 February 2020
| Serhiy Svystun
| 10 February 2020
|-
| Chornomorets Odesa
| Ostap Markevych
| Mutual Consent
| April 2020
| 10th
| Serhiy Kovalets
| 13 May 2020
| 10th
|-
| Rukh Lviv
| Yuriy Bakalov
| Resigned (health concerns)
| 15 June 2020
| 1st
| Ivan Fedyk
| 16 June 2020
| 1st
|-
| Obolon-Brovar Kyiv
| Oleh Mazurenko
| Took time off
| 8 July 2020
| 7th
| Valeriy Ivashchenko (interim)
| 8 July 2020
| 7th
|-
| Metalist 1925 Kharkiv
| Andriy Demchenko
| Mutual consent
| 21 July 2020
| 7th
| Vyacheslav Khruslov (interim)
| 21 July 2020
| 7th
|-
| Avanhard Kramatorsk
| Oleksandr Kosevych
| Undisclosed
| 10 August 2020
| 8th
| Oleksiy Horodov (interim)
| 11 August 2020
| 8th
|-
|}Notes: League table
Position by round
Results
Relegation play-offs
The relegation–promotion play-off games are scheduled to take place between the last two places (15th and 16th) of the First League with the third places from both groups of the Second League. On 28 July 2020, there took place a draw of the PFL play-offs in two legs format (each team plays at home and away) with games scheduled to take place on August 15 and 19. On 7 August 2020 the PFL administration announced that dates for promotion/relegation playoffs were shifted by one day.
First leg
Second leg
Veres Rivne won 3–1 on aggregate and was promoted to the 2020–21 Ukrainian First League
Alians Lypova Dolyna won 3–0 on aggregate and was promoted to the 2020–21 Ukrainian First League
Following the play-offs, the fate of both Cherkashchyna and Metalurh was postponed to be determined at the PFL Conference the next day due to elimination of Karpaty Lviv and expression of interest by Balkany to be demoted.Artur Malkin. Andrei Parkhomenko: Financial situation of "Balkany" does not allow competing in the First League (Андрей Пархоменко: "Финансовое положение "Балкан" не позволяет продолжить выступление в первой лиге"). Footboom. 19 August 2020
Top goalscorers Notes: Players who scored for two teams from the same league have both teams mentioned.
Awards
Monthly awards
Round awards Notes:''
After the winter break and its extension due to the COVID-19, the PFL also started to publicize several additional league's awards, among which are the best goalkeeper, the best rookie, the best substitution ("round joker"), and round goal.
Number of teams by region
Attendance
According to research by the Ukrainian website SportArena the official reported attendance in the league could be inaccurate if not completely wrong.
See also
2019–20 Ukrainian Premier League
2019–20 Ukrainian Second League
2019–20 Ukrainian Football Amateur League
2019–20 Ukrainian Cup
List of Ukrainian football transfers summer 2019
List of Ukrainian football transfers winter 2019–20
References
Ukrainian First League seasons
2019–20 in Ukrainian association football leagues
Ukraine
Ukrainian
Controlled-environment agriculture (CEA) -- which includes indoor agriculture (IA) and vertical farming -- is a technology-based approach toward food production. The aim of CEA is to provide protection from the outdoor elements and maintain optimal growing conditions throughout the development of the crop. Production takes place within an enclosed growing structure such as a greenhouse or plant factory.
Plants are often grown in a soilless medium in order to supply the proper amounts of water and nutrients to the root zone as well as supplemental lighting to ensure a sufficient daily light integral. CEA optimizes the use of resources such as water, energy, space, capital and labor. CEA technologies include hydroponics, aeroponics, aquaculture, and aquaponics.
Different techniques are available for growing food in controlled environment agriculture. Currently, the greenhouse industry is the largest component of the CEA industry but another quickly growing segment is the vertical farming industry. Controlled Environment Agriculture has the ability to produce crops all year round, with the possibility of increased yield by adjusting the amount of carbon and nutrients the plants receive (Benke et al).
In consideration to urban agriculture, CEA can exist inside repurposed structures, built to purpose structures or in basements and subterranean spaces. The trend is increasingly growing into alternative food networks, as entrepreneurs and households seek to meet the growing demand for fresh food products.
Technical implementation
Controllable variables:
Environmental:
Temperature (air, nutrient solution, root-zone, leaf)
Relative Humidity (%RH)
Carbon dioxide (CO2)
Light (intensity, spectrum, duration and intervals)
Cultural:
Water Quality
Nutrient concentration (PPM of Nitrogen, Potassium, Phosphorus, etc)
Nutrient pH (acidity)
Cropping duration and density
Cultivar
Pest controls
CEA facilities can range from fully 100% environmentally controlled enclosed closed loop systems, to automated glasshouses with computer controls for watering, lighting and ventilation. Low-tech solutions such as cloches or plastic film on field grown crops and plastic-covered tunnels are referred to as modified environment agriculture.
CEA methods can be used to grow literally any crop, though the reality is a crop has to be economically viable and this will vary considerably due to local market pricing, and resource costs. Currently, tomatoes, leafy greens and herbs are the most economically viable crops.
Motivation
Crops can be grown for food, pharmaceutical and nutriceutical applications. It can also be used to grow algae for food or for biofuels.
CEA methods can increase food safety by removing sources of contamination, and increases the security of supply as it is unaffected by outside environment conditions and eliminates seasonality to create a stable market pricing, which is good for both farmers and consumers. The use of monitoring software and automation can greatly reduce the amount of human labor required.
CEA is used in research so that a specific aspect of production can be isolated while all other variables remain the same. For example, the use of tinted greenhouse glass could be compared to clear glass in this way during an investigation into photosynthesis.
A February 2011 article in the magazine Science Illustrated states, "In commercial agriculture, CEA can increase efficiency, reduce pests and diseases, and save resources. ... Replicating a conventional farm with computers and LED lights is expensive but proves cost-efficient in the long run by producing up to 20 times as much high-end, pesticide-free produce as a similar-size plot of soil. Fourteen thousand square feet of closely monitored plants produce 15 million seedlings annually at the solar-powered factory. Such factories will be necessary to meet urban China's rising demand for quality fruits and vegetables."
Advantages of CEA over traditional field farming:
Water efficiency
Space use efficiency
Reduced transportation requirements
Reliable year-round production
Protection from adverse weather events
Reduce fertilizer runoff
Pleasant working conditions
Urban impacts
According to the findings of a USDA workshop in 2018:
indoor agriculture (IA) in urban and near-urban areas has the potential to act as a consistent, local, and accessible producer and distributor of fresh produce. If these farms are placed strategically, this possibility of local food production, processing, and distribution could be especially impactful for urban areas without reliable access to affordable and fresh produce. Such farms could also have far-reaching impacts in traditionally underserved communities by creating opportunities for training employment and business development in an emerging sector.
Industry
As of mid-2021, reportedly 16.55 million square feet (380 acres / 154 hectares) of indoor farms were operating around the world. The State of Indoor Farming annual report suggests this will grow to 22 million sq. ft. (505 acres / 204 hectares) by 2022. (By comparison, the USDA reported 915 million acres (38 million hectares) of farmland in the United States, alone, in 2012.)
As of 2018, an estimated 40 indoor vertical farms exist in the United States, some of which produce commercially sold produce and others which are not yet selling to consumers. Another source estimates over 100 startups in the space of 2018. In Asia, adoption of indoor agriculture has been driven by consumer demand for quality. The Recirculating Farms Coalition is a US trade organization for hydroponic farmers.
A 2020 survey of indoor farming in the U.S. found that indoor production was:
26% leafy greens,
20% herbs
16% microgreens
10% tomatoes
28% other
AeroFarms, founded in 2011, raised $40 million in 2017 and reportedly opened the largest indoor farm in the world in Newark, New Jersey in 2015; by 2018 it built its 10th indoor farm.
Plenty, Inc., based out of South San Francisco, raised over $200 million in 2017.
Local Bounti, listed on NYSE Under the Ticker "LOCL" on November 22, 2022 after $1.1 billion business merger Leo Holdings III Corp (NYSE: LIII).
Economics
The economics of indoor farming has been challenging, with high capital investment and energy operating costs -- particularly the price of electricity -- and several startups shut down as a result. A 2018 U.S. survey found only 51% of indoor farming operations profitable.
A 2020 U.S. survey found that typical indoor agriculture crops, per pound of crop yield, consumed between US$0.47 (for leafy greens) and US$1.38 (for microgreens) in inputs (especially seed, growing media, and nutrients) -- though tomatoes were reported at US$0.06 inputs per pound. Labor costs for container farms were reported at US$2.35 per pound. However, the same survey noted that indoor agriculture yields more revenue per pound than conventional field agriculture.
In the Asia-Pacific region, where burgeoning population growth conflicts with burgeoning space requirements for agriculture to feed the population, indoor farming is expected to have a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 29%, growing from a 2021 value of US$0.77 billion to a 2026 value of US$2.77 billion.
Advances in LED lighting have been one of the most important advances for improving economic viability. The high financial cost of investing in CEA presents a challenge that can only be overcome through research & development to innovate sustainable practices. The production potential of these farm networks justifies the investment in infrastructural value and contributes towards the 2030 SDGS to combat carbon footprint.
Organic agriculture
In 2017, the US National Organic Standards Board voted to allow hydroponically grown produce to be labeled as certified organic.
See also
Building-integrated agriculture
Controlled Environment Agriculture Center (CEAC) at the University of Arizona
Vertical farming
External links
Urban Agriculture Tool Kit, U.S. Dept. of Agricuture
"Advances in greenhouse automation and controlled environment agriculture: A transition to plant factories and urban agriculture," January, 2018, Int J Agric & Biol Eng, Vol. 11 No.1, copied at USDA.gov
"Indoor agriculture quickly gaining speed," May 21, 2015, Vegetable Growers News, retrieved January 09, 2022 (extensive data).
References
Horticulture
Agriculture and the environment
Devaki is a Hindi film released on 6 January 2006. The film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay stars Ram Kapoor, Suman Ranganathan, Arvin Tucker and Perizaad Zorabian. The film was premiered at the Osian Cinefan Asian Film Festival in July 2005. Since then it has traveled to 11 International Film Festival amidst many critical accolades and has been touted as a 'must watch for every woman'. Nominated for the best feature film at São Paulo International Film Festival, Brazil, Ashville International Film Festival, North Carolina, Global Knight International Film Festival, Malta, and Golden Gate International Film Festival, San Francisco, it won the award in Asheville. Officially released on 6 January 2006, this small film has been doing the rounds in the video stores for some time.
The plot is derived from a real-life incident where a tribal woman named Devakibai was sold in an open auction in Pandhana, a sub-division of Khandwa district in Madhya Pradesh, in January 2003. The auction was organized by the Maha Panchayat Panchaganga and legitimized by the presence of Hiralal Silawat, Minister of Fisheries, who inaugurated the function. This atrocity was uncovered by journalist Deepak Tiwari and became the cover story of the magazine, The Week.
Plot
Devaki takes a look at the parallel lives of two young women, belonging to strikingly different backgrounds, who were both betrayed by their fathers and lovers.
Devaki (Suman Ranganathan) is a village girl who is forced into marriage to a 70-year-old man. On the night of the marriage, they are raped by the brother of the impotent old man in order to establish the age-old practice of physical dominance of the male over the female. They develop a relation with a low-caste runaway boy but the villagers catch them in the act of love-making and they are brought before the Panchayat. Devaki is made to stand holding a heavy stone on their head, the severity of the punishment aimed at setting an example to other women. The villagers and the Panchayat decide to auction Devaki to the highest bidder and pay the money to the 70-year-old husband. Once again, another old man buys them
The life of Nandini (Perizaad Zorabian) is more complicated. In protest against the feudal practices in Devaki's village, Nandini, an urban girl who has come to the village to work as an NGO activist trying to empower the village women through literacy and awareness, quits their job and goes back to the city. Soon, they find out that in some respects urban life is no different to village life. Economically betrayed and physically used by their lover Rahul (Ram Kapoor), they feel themselves losing self-respect and betrayed and disillusioned by Rahul's treatment of their pregnant wife, Sumana, and the lies they have been telling both women. They force themselves to end the illicit relationship and joins an advertising agency. But they are shocked to find out that their selfish father (George Baker), who had deserted the family many years ago, owns the agency. They don't seem to remember that they left behind a wife who is now in a mental asylum, still awaiting their return, and a daughter whom they don't recognize though they work for him. The ultimate betrayal comes when their father-boss advises them to satisfy their client sexually to clinch a deal and offers their 2% of the profit as a reward. They decide to sell themselves to this lecherous old man, avenging their father's betrayal by sacrificing herself. Them vindication comes in the form of their shock when they eventually tell them the truth.
Cast
Ram Kapoor...Rahul
Suman Ranganathan....Devaki
Arvin Tucker ...
Perizaad Zorabian...Nandini
Neelanjan Bose....
George Baker.... Father of Nandini
Raman Kapoor...
Release
United States -September 2005(Temecula Valley International Film Festival)
Brazil-23 September 2005 (Festival do Rio BR)
India- 6 January 2006
Singapore-16 April 2006
Awards
Best Feature Film Award at the Asheville Film Festival-North Carolina-U.S.
Music
Dhuan Dhuan Hain Dhuan - Jojo
Dil Naiyyo Naiyyo - Jojo
Toree Bahiya Mai - Jojo
References
External links
www.citwf.com-Devaki
www.gomolo.in
www.telegraphindia.com
2005 films
2005 drama films
Indian drama films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Bickram Ghosh
Films scored by Amar Haldipur
Films directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay
Hindi-language drama films
Linjia (麟嘉) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Linjia (316–318), era name used by Liu Cong (Han Zhao), emperor of Han Zhao (Former Zhao)
Linjia (389–396), era name used by Lü Guang, emperor of Later Liang
Arhopala paraganesa felipa is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae first described by Gerardo Lamas in 2008. It is a subspecies of Arhopala paraganesa. It is found on Palawan Island in the Philippines. It is rare. Forewing length is 13-14.5 mm (male); 13-14 mm (female).
References
Schroeder, Heinz G. & Treadaway, Colin G. (2002). "Zur Kenntnis philippinischer Lycaenidae, 15 (Lepidoptera)". Nachrichten des Entomologischen Vereins Apollo. N.F. 22 (4): 239-242.
Lamas, Gerardo (2008). Zootaxa. 1848: 47-56.
Arhopala
Butterflies described in 2002
Butterflies of Asia
Butterfly subspecies
Orthonectida () is a small phylum of poorly known parasites of marine invertebrates that are among the simplest of multi-cellular organisms. Members of this phylum are known as orthonectids.
Biology
The adults are microscopic wormlike animals, consisting of a single layer of ciliated outer cells surrounding a mass of sex cells. They swim freely within the bodies of their hosts, which include flatworms, polychaete worms, bivalve molluscs, and echinoderms. They are gonochoristic, with separate male and female individuals.
When they are ready to reproduce, the adults leave the host, and sperm from the males penetrate the bodies of the females to achieve internal fertilisation. The resulting zygote develops into a ciliated larva that escapes from the mother to seek out new hosts. Once it finds a host, the larva loses its cilia and develops into a syncytial plasmodium larva. This, in turn, breaks up into numerous individual cells that become the next generation of adults.
Classification
The phylum consists of about 20 known species, of which Rhopalura ophiocomae is the best-known. The phylum is not divided into classes or orders, and contains just two families.
Although originally described in 1877 as a class, and sometimes characterized as an order of the phylum Mesozoa, recent study shows that orthonectids are quite different from the rhombozoans, the other group in Mesozoa. The genome of one species, Intoshia linei, has been sequenced. These animals are simplified spiralians. Their position in the phylogenetic tree has yet to be determined. The genome data confirms the earlier proposal that these organisms are spiralians based on their morphology.
They appear to be related to the Annelida. Of the Annelida this taxon appears to be most closely related to the Clitellata.
Known species
Phylum Orthonectida
Family Rhopaluridae Stunkard, 1937
Ciliocincta
Ciliocincta akkeshiensis Tajika, 1979 – Hokkaido, Japan; in flatworms (Turbellaria)
Ciliocincta julini (Caullery and Mesnil, 1899) – E North Atlantic, in polychaetes
Ciliocincta sabellariae Kozloff, 1965 – San Juan Islands, WA (USA); in polychaete (Neosabellaria cementarium)
Intoshia
Intoshia leptoplanae Giard, 1877 – E North Atlantic, in flatworms (Leptoplana)
Intoshia linei Giard, 1877 – E North Atlantic, in nemertines (Lineus) = Rhopalura linei
Intoshia major Shtein, 1953 – Arctic Ocean; in gastropods (Lepeta, Natica, Solariella) = Rhopalura major
Intoshia metchnikovi (Caullery & Mesnil, 1899) – E North Atlantic, in polychaetes and nemertines
Intoshia paraphanostomae (Westblad, 1942) – E North Atlantic, in flatworms (Acoela)
Intoshia variabili (Alexandrov & Sljusarev, 1992) – Arctic Ocean, in flatworms (Macrorhynchus)
Rhopalura
Rhopalura elongata Shtein, 1953 – Arctic Ocean, in bivalves (Astarte)
Rhopalura gigas (Giard, 1877)
Rhopalura granosa Atkins, 1933 – E North Atlantic, in bivalves (Pododesmus)
Rhopalura intoshi Metchnikoff – Mediterranean, in nemertines
Rhopalura litoralis Shtein, 1953 – Arctic Ocean, in gastropods (Lepeta, Natica, Solariella)
Rhopalura major Shtein, 1953
Rhopalura murmanica Shtein, 1953 – Arctic Ocean, in gastropods (Rissoa, Columbella)
Rhopalura ophiocomae Giard, 1877 – E North Atlantic, in ophiuroids (usually Amphipholis)
Rhopalura pelseneeri Caullery & Mesnil, 1901 – E North Atlantic, polychaetes and nemertines
Rhopalura philinae Lang, 1954 – E North Atlantic, in gastropods
Rhopalura pterocirri de Saint-Joseph, 1896 – E North Atlantic, in polychaetes
Rhopalura vermiculicola
Stoecharthrum
Stoecharthrum burresoni Kozloff, 1993
Stoecharthrum fosterae Kozloff, 1993
Stoecharthrum giardi Caullery & Mesnil, 1899 – E North Atlantic, in polychaetes
Stoecharthrum monnati Kozloff, 1993 – E North Atlantic, in molluscs
Family Pelmatosphaeridae Stunkard, 1937
Pelmatosphaera
Pelmatosphaera polycirri Caullery and Mesnil, 1904 – E North Atlantic, in polychaetes and nemertines
References
Animal phyla
Naga Bazaar Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 4 of the Kohima Municipal Council and is sub-divided into Upper Naga Bazaar and Lower Naga Bazaar.
Education
Educational Institutions in Naga Bazaar Ward:
Schools
Naga Bazaar Baptist School
Naga Bazaar Government Middle School
Naga Bazaar Government Primary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 4
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Viola White (1911–1954) was an African-American woman who lived in Montgomery, Alabama and is best known for their resistance to segregated bus laws. At 35 years old, in 1944, White was arrested for refusing to give up their seat. White's arrest occurred a decade before Rosa Parks' similar act of resistance, which is credited for starting the Montgomery Bus Boycott. White worked at Maxwell Air Force Base.
Biography
Bus incident
White is best known for their 1944 act of resistance to bus segregation in Montgomery, Alabama. While riding the bus, White was ordered by the bus driver to give up their seat. When they refused, the driver threatened to physically remover her; however, they continued to refuse. The driver called the police. When police arrived, they removed them from the bus, beat her, and arrested them They were found guilty and charged a $10 fine. With help from civil rights leader and union organizer E.D. Nixon, White submitted several appeals to their charges in the Circuit Court several times. Nixon explains, "The city of Montgomery knew they couldn't win," so they used their power to prevent the appeals from ever being placed on the court calendar.
Following White's attempts to appeal their charges, local police officers retaliated. A. A. Enger, a white police officer, kidnapped White's 16-year-old daughter, drove them to a cemetery, and sexually assaulted them During the attack, their daughter memorized the officer's license plate so they could report Enger the next day. E.D Nixon attempted several times to get a judge to sign a warrant for Enger's arrest. Once the warrant was signed, the Police Chief tipped off Enger. Enger left town escaping being detained, fired, or facing any charges.
Death and afterward
White died ten years after the incident. At the time of their death, White's appeal still never made it onto the court Calendar. According to E.D Nixon, how White's case was handled at the state level helped activists in Montgomery form a blueprint for future segregation cases. Notably, it influenced how Rosa Parks's case was handled after they were arrested for refusing to give up their seat on December 1, 1955. The organizers learned in order for any legal challenges against bus segregation to have an impact they would need to make it to the federal court. On the lessons learned from White's case, Nixon remarked:"We paid Mrs. Parks [fine] in Court of Common Appeal. It cost us fifty-one dollars. I believe that's what it was. Now, not that Mrs. Parks didn't have a good case, but they were going to do us just like they're done us in the Viola White case. They're going to hold — wanted to wear us out, wear us out and never move that case up the Circuit Court, and they were all dumbfounded when they found out that we're done, decided to go into federal court with two or three people who had been mistreated on the bus." Additionally, while Parks was listed as a plaintiff in the initial draft, they chose to exclude them as a plaintiff in the final draft of Browder v. Gayle, the federal case, which eventually ended bus segregation in Montgomery. From White, they learned Parks' appeals could be held in the circuit court for years, which would have forced them to either wait or risk the case being dismissed at the federal level since the issue was already being heard in lower courts.
Personal life
Little biographical information exists on White. On the 1940 Census they reported they were born in Alabama in 1911 and received 0 years of education.
White's spouse, whose name is unknown, died prior to 1940. White had three daughters: Dorothy Williams (born 1930), Helen Mapson (born 1932), and Addie Harris (born 1935).
See also
Claudette Colvin
Aurelia Browder
Bibliography
"Alice's Medals and Black Women's War at Home, 1940–1950.'" A Black Women's History of the United States, by Daina Ramey Berry and Kali N. Gross, Ebook ed., Beacon Press, 2020, p. 169.
Blackside, Inc. "Interview with E.D. Nixon (Video)." Interview with E.D. Nixon, Washington University in St. Louis Blackside, Inc., 23 Feb. 1979, repository.wustl.edu/concern/videos/v405sc21t.
Hendrickson, Paul. "The Ladies Before Rosa." The Washington Post, WP Company, 12 Apr. 1998, www.washingtonpost.com/archive/lifestyle/1998/04/12/the-ladies-before-rosa/469bf82c-16c0-45c5-9991-812ac6a6005f/.
Theoharis, Jeanne. More Beautiful and Terrible History. Beacon Press, 2019.
Theoharis, Jeanne. The Rebellious Life of Mrs. Rosa Parks. Beacon Press, 2015.
Theoharis, Jeanne. "'Let Us Look at Jim Crow for the Criminal They Are.'" Other Resistors | The Rebellious Life of Mrs. Rosa Parks, The Center for the Humanities, Graduate from Center, CUNY, rosaparksbiography.org/bio/other-resistors/.
References
1911 births
1954 deaths
African-American activists
American civil rights activists
20th-century African-American people
Shangqiu Normal University (SQNU) (), formerly known as Shangqiu Teachers' College, is a public university in the city of Shangqiu, in Henan Province, China. As a key university in Henan Province, it is a comprehensive local university with salient features of teacher training and a particular strength in liberal arts. The main undertakings are undergraduate education with the chief aim of producing high-level application-oriented talents.
The institution has a student population of about 17,000.
Campuses
SQNU is divided into two campuses: the Old Campus, and the New Campus.
The Old Campus is about 100 years old and houses the technical and science related majors: mathematics, computer science, etc. The New Campus, which is finishing construction, lies less than 1 km away; it houses the university's liberal arts: English, History, Music, etc.
Over the next few years, SQNU plans to acquire land from a military training center on its western boundary, further increasing its size and eventually classifying it as a full-fledged University.
System
SQNU is a state-run full-time university, offering bachelor's programmes (four years). The students are conferred with graduate diploma of Shangqiu Normal University and bachelor's degree after they have completed the four-year curriculum and passed the necessary courses.
Majors
There is a wide range of over 50 majors.
References
External links
Universities and colleges in Henan
Teachers colleges in China
Love Is On The Line is the second single by Polish singer Edyta Górniak, written by Australian singer Kylie Minogue.
Background
Love is on the Line was originally written by Australian singer Kylie Minogue for a promo called Sessions in 1993.
The single was released in Poland only. The song wasn't released on any album and there is no music video. On 22 November 1999 Love Is On The Line received platinum award by Polish ZPAV (Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry).
The single cover includes pictures by photographer Adam Krzywka.
Track listing
CD maxi single
Love Is On The Line (Radio edit) (4:10)
Love Is On The Line (Extended version) (6:16)
Love Is On The Line (No way Jose mix) (5:28)
Love Is On The Line (A'capella) (2:02)
MC
A-side
Love Is On The Line (Radio edit) (4:10)
Love Is On The Line (Extended version) (6:16)
B-side
Love Is On The Line (No way Jose mix) (5:28)
Love Is On The Line (A'capella) (2:02)
Certifications
References
1995 singles
Songs written by Kylie Minogue
Blackfoot Sue was a British pop / rock band, formed in 1970 by twin brothers Tom and David Farmer and Eddie Golga. A single released in August 1972, "Standing in the Road" on the Jam label No. JAM 13, reached number 4 on the UK Singles Chart. Lack of further tangible success left them labelled as one-hit wonders. However, they did have another record enter the UK Singles Chart. "Sing Don't Speak" reached number 36 in December 1972. In November 1972, they appeared on the German television programme, Disco. Further unsuccessful singles appeared on the DJM Records and MCA labels. According to AllMusic, "they were written off as a teen sensation and broke up in 1977".
Band members
Tom Farmer (born Thomas Laurence Farmer, 2 March 1952, Birmingham, England) - bass, keyboards, vocals
Dave Farmer (born David Anthony Farmer, 2 March 1952, Birmingham, England) - drums
Eddie Golga (born Edward John Gogla, 4 September 1951, Birmingham, England) - guitar, keyboards
Alan Jones (born Alan Douglas Jones, 5 January 1950, Birmingham, England) - guitar, vocals
Later incarnations
The band stopped performing live in 1977, but under the name Liner recorded a studio album, Liner, in 1979. Released on Atlantic Records and produced by Arif Mardin, it was recorded in both the UK and the U.S., using session musicians from both sides of the Atlantic, including Mel Collins, Dick Morrissey, Frank Vicari and Ronnie Cuber on saxophones; plus Cissy Houston, Maretha Stewart and Beverly Ingram on background vocals. The group scored two Top 50 hits, "Keep Reaching Out For Love" and "You And Me", both released on black vinyl and as picture discs, and the latter was also a minor US hit. The fourth member of the original band, Alan Jones, later emigrated to Sydney, Australia.
By 1984, they had formed as a trio, Outside Edge, recording a further four albums under that name.
In 1993, the band reinvented themselves as Blackfoot Sue, with a final gig at the London Astoria in 1999.
Discography
Blackfoot Sue
Nothing To Hide (1973)
Strangers (1974)
Gun Running - Unreleased (1975)
The Best of Blackfoot Sue (1996)
Talk Radio (1995) - re-released in 1998 as Red On Blue
Liner
Liner (1979)
• Keep Reaching Out For Love
• Strange Fascination
• You And Me
• So Much In Love Again
• Run To The Night
• Sweet Music
• (You Know That) It's Alright
• Ship On The Ocean
• Night Train
• Window Pane
Outside Edge
Outside Edge (1984)
Running Hot (1986)
In Concert (1986)
More Edge (1987)
Call Me (1990)
References
External links
Official website
English glam rock groups
Musical groups from Birmingham, West Midlands
Musical groups established in 1970
Sanctuary at Admiral, also known as Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist, is an historic church edifice which has been converted to a venue for weddings and banquets and is located at 2656 42nd Avenue, Southwest, in the Admiral District of West Seattle in Seattle, Washington.
History
Built in 1929 by contractor Neil McDonald, Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist was designed by Seattle architect Gerald C. Field in the Art Deco style of architecture. Sixth Church, which had been meeting in homes and then in rented spaces since 1913 and had been incorporated in 1919, voted to build their own edifice in February 1929. They laid the cornerstone on October 9, 1929, and finished the building in December. In the latter part of the 20th century membership declined, so in 2002, the congregation decided to sell its building and merge with Fourteenth Church of Christ, Scientist, Seattle. The building is listed as a Seattle Landmark.
The building is now the Sanctuary at Admiral and is a venue for weddings and banquets.
References
External links
Sixth Church Of Christ Scientist Drawn Out
Landmarks in Seattle
Former Christian Science churches, societies and buildings in Washington (state)
Art Deco architecture in Washington (state)
Churches in Seattle
West Seattle, Seattle
Patrick Lyons was an Australian prelate.
Patrick Lyons may also refer to:
Patrick Lyons (bishop of Kilmore) (1875–1949), Irish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Patrick H. Lyons, American politician from New Mexico
Pat Lyons (1860–1914), baseball player
Patrick Lyons (athletic director), American college athletics administrator
See also
Patrick Campbell-Lyons (born 1943), composer and musician
Patrick Lyon (disambiguation)
The Downey Studios was a production studio in Downey, California.
The studio featured of indoor and outdoor production space including a building and a building which was home of the largest indoor water tank in North America. A suburban residential street backlot built especially for Christmas with the Kranks, with 5 complete homes and 11 facades, was also available at the studio.
The studios were created out of the former Rockwell International plant where the Space Shuttle orbiters as well as some vehicles for the Apollo space program were assembled. The studios occupied only a portion of the former plant with the Downey Landing shopping complex, a Kaiser Permanente hospital, a park, and Columbia Memorial Space Center museum taking up the remainder of the space.
In October 2012 demolition of Downey Studios had begun. The Promenade at Downey retail power center is located on the site today.
TV and film credits
Iron Man 2 (2010)
Deep in the Valley (2009)
Couples Retreat (2009)
G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra (2009)
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull (2008)
Iron Man (2008)
Pineapple Express (2008)
Cloverfield (2008)
Top Gear (2008)
The No Sit List (2008)
Zodiac (2007)
Charlie Wilson's War (2007)
Smash Lab (2007)
Yo Gabba Gabba!, Season 1, 2007, Season 3, 2009
The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause (2006)
The Prestige (2006)
Déjà Vu (2006)
Smokin' Aces (2006)
Free Ride (2006)
The Slaughterhouse Massacre (2005)
The Island (2005)
Fun with Dick and Jane (2005)
Van Helsing (2004)
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events (2004)
Christmas with the Kranks (2004)
In Enemy Hands (2004)
The Italian Job (2003)
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines (2003)
Daredevil (2003)
Clockstoppers (2002)
Catch Me If You Can (2002)
Spider-Man (2002)
Space Cowboys (2000)
Life (1999)
Ca Hardly Wait (1998)
Music Videos
"Alejandro" - Lady Gaga (2009)
"White & Nerdy" - "Weird Al" Yankovic (2010)
“Otis” - Kanye West (2011)
References
External links
Downey Studios website
IMDb Profile
Columbia Memorial Space Center — near former site.
Mass media companies established in 1998
Mass media companies disestablished in 2012
Defunct American film studios
Downey, California
Buildings and structures demolished in 2012
Demolished buildings and structures in California
A Corazón Abierto is the eleventh studio album recorded by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández that contains a selection of tracks that cross the rhythmic pop and the romantic ballad, this album shows the best of Alejandro, exploring melodies that go from the spiritual up to the sensual, reflecting their love and passion. This is a Contemporary Pop album with Mexican flavor produced by Kike Santander and Áureo Baqueiro with songs of big composers as: Gian Marco, Leonel García of Sin Bandera, Reyli Barba and Kike Santander. They shot videos for the songs "Me Dediqué A Perderte", "Qué Lástima" and "Canta Corazón". The first single went on to sell over 63,000 digital downloads in Mexico alone.
Track listing
CD
Source: Official Website
DVD
Me Dediqué A Perderte (Video)
Alejandro – De Gira
Cronología
Lucharé Por Tu Amor (Video)
Personnel
Pablo Alfaro – photography
Esteban Aristizabal – vocal engineer
Pablo Arraya – engineer, vocal engineer
Aureo Baqueiro – percussion, arranger, keyboards, programming, producer, engineer, fender rhodes, vocal arrangement, string arrangements, art direction, direction, A&R
Daniel Betancourt – arranger, keyboards, programming, producer
Gustavo Borner – mixing, string engineer
Richard Bravo – percussion
Rodrigo Cárdenas – bass
Jason Carder – trumpet
Luis Angel Cortez – assistant
Mike Couzzi – string engineer
Ian Cuttler – art direction, design
Pepe Damián – drums
Fernando de Santiago – vihuela
Beto Dominguez – percussion
Vicky Echeverri – chorus
Paul Forat – art direction, A&R
Luis Gil – drum engineering
Manny López – acoustic guitar
Bill Meyers – string arrangements
Miami Symphonic Strings – strings
Boris Milan – mixing
Sergio Minski – production coordination
José Antonio Molina – string arrangements
Marco Moreno – assistant, pro-tools
Novi Novag – viola, string arrangements
Alfredo Oliva – concert comedian
Daniel Ortega – electric guitar
Wendy Pederson – chorus
Richie Perez – engineer
Pancho Ruiz – electric bass
Milton Salcedo – piano, arranger, keyboards, programming, producer, fender rhodes, wind arrangements
Freddie Sandoval – engineer
Kike Santander – acoustic guitar, arranger, producer, Spanish guitar, wind arrangements
Marco Antonio Santiago – guitarron
Dana Teboe – trumpet
Ramiro Teran – chorus, engineer
Don C. Tyler – mastering
Juan Jose Virviescas – engineer
Chart performance
Album
Singles
Sales and certifications
References
2004 albums
Alejandro Fernández albums
Albums produced by Kike Santander
Tim Folger is an American science and nature writer.  They are a contributing editor at Discover Magazine and writes about science for several other magazines. Folger has been the "series editor" of The Best American Science and Nature Writing yearly anthology since 2002. They won the 2007 American Institute of Physics Science Writing Award.
Bibliography
References
External links
Official web site
American science writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Discover (magazine) people
National Geographic people
Hon. Sir Clement T. Maynard, (11 September 1928 – 2 October 2009), was a Deputy Prime Minister of the Bahamas (1985–92), and deputy leader of the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP). Their public career ran the gamut from trade unionist to Senator to Member of Parliament.
Maynard was one of only two people, the other Sir Lynden Pindling, to serve in every Bahamian cabinet post, which they did between 18 January 1967 to 18 August 1992. Most notably as Minister of Tourism, a post they held continuously for a decade, making them the Bahamas' longest-serving Minister of Tourism.
They were also the father of former Attorney-General Allyson Maynard Gibson.
Life and political career
Clement Travelyan Maynard, Jr, was born in 1928 in Nassau, Bahamas, the son of Clement Travelyan Maynard, a builder from Barbados (d. 1945), and suffragist Georgianna Kathleen Symonette (1902–1965). They were educated in the Bahamas as well as in the US and in Britain. In 1949, they graduated from the Franklin School of Science and Arts in Philadelphia, returning to Nassau to become the first Bahamian medical technologist.
They joined the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP) in 1954, and from 1959 to 1967 they were the founding president of the Bahamas Public Services Union.
After the general election in January 1967, when the victory of the PLP brought an end to minority government in the Bahamas, they were appointed Government Leader in the Senate. They were elected for the first time to the House of Assembly on 10 April 1968 and re-elected in September 1972, July 1977, June 1982, June 1987 and August 1992. Of the 29 years they spent in the House of Assembly, 25 were as a Cabinet Minister.
The key government ministries in which they served included:
Minister Without Portfolio from 18 January 1967 to 20 February 1968;
Minister of State (21 February 1968 – 16 April 1968);
Minister of Works (17 April 1968 – 13 October 1969); and
Minister of Tourism and Telecommunications (14 October 1969 – 30 November 1971).
Other portfolios they held included:
Minister of Health (29 October 1970 – 30 November 1971);
Minister of Tourism (1 December 1971 – 21 October 1979);
Minister of Labour and Home Affairs (22 October 1979 – 8 October 1984);
Minister of Foreign Affairs and Tourism (9 October 1984 – 8 October 1987);
Deputy Prime Minister (29 October 1985 – 18 August 1992);
Minister of Tourism and Public Personnel (9 October 1987 – 30 September 1990); and
Minister of Foreign Affairs and Public Personnel (1 October 1990 – 18 August 1992).
Maynard was the longest serving Minister of Tourism and, under their direction, the Bahamian tourist industry tripled in size from one million annual visitors in the early 1980s to three million by 1986. They believed that "in The Bahamas, tourism is everybody's business".
What they had intended to be the first volume of their memoirs, entitled Put on More Speed: A Bahamian Journey to Majority Rule & Sovereignty, was published in 2007, described as "an important addition to the known sources of information about the most important period in the building of the modern Bahamas".
Personal life
On 17 January 1947, Maynard married Zoë Ruth Davis Cumberbatch, the daughter of Dr Roland and Meta Davis Cumberbatch, and they had five children: Julian (who died of cancer in 1995), Peter, Allyson, David and Clement III. Maynard also had a daughter Andrea from a previous relationship.
Honours
In 1989 Clement Maynard was appointed a Knight Bachelor by Queen Elizabeth, the citation for the award reading: "Over 40 years of outstanding and devoted service to the people of The Bahamas, firstly as a Civil Servant, then as a Senator, Member of Parliament, Minister and Deputy Prime Minister. While a Member of the Public Service Minister Maynard moved up to the post of Chief Medical Technologist at the Princess Margaret Hospital. They were a founding member of the Bahamas Civil Service Union (now Bahamas Public Service Union) and became its first President in 1959 serving until 1967 when they entered the Senate. They served as Minister of Works, Health, Tourism, Labour and Home Affairs, Foreign Affairs and Public Personnel."
Death and legacy
Having suffered a stroke in 2008 and been hospitalised for some time, they died at home on 2 October 2009, three weeks after their 81st birthday. They were given a state funeral on 14 October 2009.
Paying tribute at the House of Assembly, then Prime Minister Hubert A. Ingraham said: "Sir Clement is perhaps best remembered as a legendary Minister of Tourism, a portfolio for which they held responsibility on two occasions for a total of 16 years. There are numerous top, award-winning, advertising, public relations, promotional, training and tourism awareness campaigns, for which they must be credited. They include:
'It's Better in The Bahamas' – undoubtedly one of the most widely-recognized advertising slogan in the world
The Bahama Host Training Program – which has trained 33,700 persons
The People-to-People Programme
Goombay Summer which was the longest running and most successful promotional/folkloric campaign that transformed The Bahamas into a year-round tourism destination
National Tourism Achievement Awards."
As part of the Cacique Awards to recognise leadership in promoting tourism, the Clement T. Maynard Lifetime Achievement Award is made by the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism.
On 8 July 2013, a housing development named in honour of Sir Clement Maynard and their son Julian Maynard was opened by Prime Minister Perry Christie, who said in their keynote address: "This is the first estate to be named in honour of two people and is done for specific reasons. One reason is to highlight that change, that working to make a difference in your country is a multi-generational process; it is a family affair. Sir Clement is well known throughout our country for their political activism and ultimately for their key role in the new Commonwealth of The Bahamas. They have the distinction of being the longest serving Minister of Tourism and in many ways, laid and built upon the foundations of modern Bahamian tourism."
References
External links
"Tribute to Sir Clement Maynard by the PM the Rt. Hon. Hubert Ingraham", The Eleutheran, 14 October 2009.
Sir Arthur Foulkes, "A Tribute to Sir Clement Maynard", Bahama Pundit, 11 October 2009.
"In Memoriam: Sir Clement Maynard – On the Passing of a legend", Tourism Today, Bahamas Ministry of Tourism.
1928 births
2009 deaths
Deputy Prime Ministers of the Bahamas
People from Nassau, Bahamas
Knights Bachelor
Government ministers of the Bahamas
Progressive Liberal Party politicians
Members of the House of Assembly of the Bahamas
Foreign ministers of the Bahamas
2010 Latvian Higher League () was the 19th season of top-tier football in Latvia. It began on 9 April 2010 with the first round of games. Liepājas Metalurgs were the defending champions, having won their second league title last season.
With the re-expansion of the league to 10 clubs, the format of the competition was altered for the third year in a row. The ten clubs played 18 rounds of matches, once at home and once away, against each of the other nine clubs in the league. After this, another nine rounds of matches were played for a total of 27 matches. The clubs finishing in the first five positions after 18 rounds received the benefit of hosting five of their last nine matches.
Teams
Due to a match fixing scandal last season, Dinaburg FC were excluded from the Latvian Higher League and were relegated to the Latvian First League.
Promoted to the Higher League from the First Division automatically were last season's First Division champions, Jelgava.
Daugava Rīga finished in 8th place in last year's Higher League competition and competed in a promotion/relegation playoff against the runners-up of the First Division, Jaunība Rīga. Jaunība Rīga won this two-legged playoff 1–1 (1–0 on away goals scored) and won promotion to the Higher League for this season and Daugava Rīga was relegated to the First Division.
Despite finishing last year's First Division competition in 9th place, Daugava Daugavpils were offered a place in this year's Higher League competition, which the club accepted.
Team summaries
League table
Results
Regular home/away matches
Extra home matches
Relegation play-offs
At season's end, the 9th place club in the Latvian Higher League, Tranzīts Ventspils, was supposed to face the runners-up of the Latvian First League, FC Jūrmala, in a two-legged playoff, with the winner being awarded a spot on next year's Higher League competition. However, before this playoff began, the LFF received information from Tranzits that it would not participate in the playoff and, further, was forfeiting its place in the Latvian Higher League. Because of this, FC Jurmala achieved promotion to the Higher League automatically.
Top goalscorers
Source: LMT Virslīga 2010
18 goals
Deniss Rakels (Liepājas Metalurgs)
Nathan Júnior (Skonto)
15 goals
Jurijs Žigajevs (Ventspils)
12 goals
Kristaps Grebis (Liepājas Metalurgs)
11 goals
Oļegs Malašenoks (Jelgava)
9 goals
Eduards Višņakovs (Ventspils)
Vitalijus Kavaliauskas (Liepājas Metalurgs)
8 goals
Artūrs Karašausks (Skonto)
Andrejs Perepļotkins (Skonto)
Ruslan Mingazov (Skonto)
Daniils Turkovs (Skonto)
Pavel Ryzhevski (Blāzma)
* Players in italics left the clubs they are listed in during the season.
Awards
Monthly awards
Golden boot
Deniss Rakels (Liepājas Metalurgs) with 18 goals.
Nathan Júnior from Skonto also scored 18 goals during the season, but while Rakels had scored all their goals from game-play, Junior netted 3 goals from the penalty spot.
Team of the tournament
(Selected by www.sportacentrs.com)
Goalkeepers: Marks Bogdanovs (Jelgava), Kaspars Ikstens (Skonto Riga)
Defenders: Jevgēņijs Simonovs (Daugava Daugavpils), Kaspars Dubra (Skonto Riga), Tomas Tamošauskas (Liepājas Metalurgs), Vitālijs Maksimenko (Skonto Riga), Māris Smirnovs (Tranzit Ventspils), Yuriy Shelenkov (Daugava Daugavpils)
Midfielders: Ruslan Mingazov (Skonto Riga), Jurijs Žigajevs (Ventspils), Arturs Zjuzins (Ventspils), Valērijs Afanasjevs (Daugava Daugavpils), Michael Tukura (Ventspils), Takafumi Akahoshi (Liepājas Metalurgs)
Forwards: Nathan Júnior (Skonto Riga), Deniss Rakels (Liepājas Metalurgs), Daniils Turkovs (Skonto Riga), Oļegs Malašenoks (Jelgava)
Best player awards
Goalkeeper: Kaspars Ikstens (Skonto Riga)
Defender: Vitālijs Smirnovs (Skonto Riga)
Midfielder: Jurijs Žigajevs (Ventspils)
Forward: Nathan Júnior (Skonto Riga)
Manager of the season: Aleksandrs Starkovs (Skonto Riga)
The best youth player (under the age of 21): Artūrs Zjuzins (Ventspils)
Player of the season: Jurijs Žigajevs (Ventspils)
Organization
Fair-play award: Skonto Riga
The best matches' organization: Skonto Riga
The best referee: Andrejs Sipailo and Harijs Gudermanis (assistant)
See also
2010–11 Latvian Football Cup
References
External links
Latvian Football Federation
Latvian Football Federation news
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Christopher Carpenter may refer to:
Chris Carpenter (born 1975), American baseball player
Chris Carpenter (baseball, born 1985), American baseball player
Christopher S. (Kitt) Carpenter, American economist
Christopher Carpenter, a pseudonym of British writer Christopher Evans
See also
Christopher Carpenter House, an historic house in Rehoboth, Massachusetts
Chris Carpenter (disambiguation)
This is a listing of the horses that finished in either first, second, or third place and the number of starters in the Suburban Handicap, an American Grade 2 race for three-year-olds at 1-1/8 miles on synthetic surface held at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. (List 1973–present)
References
June 17, 1904 New York Times article on the history of the Suburban Handicap
Belmont Park
Supernal Liberty is an album by Nana Mizuki. It was released on April 16, 2014 in three editions: a CD only edition and two limited CD+BD/DVD editions. Two limited editions includes two videos: photo shooting of the album and a special edition of the documentary Natsu no Kakera~ Mizuki Nana 2013 Natsu no Dekigoto.
Track listing
VIRGIN CODE
Lyrics: Hibiki
Composition: Noriyasu Agematsu (Elements Garden)
Arrangements: Junpei Fujita (Elements Garden)
GUILTY
Lyrics: Sayuri
Composition: Fujimatsu-ju, Ramon Riu
Arrangements: Takanori Tsunoda
Appassionato (アパッショナート)
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki
Composition: Nana Mizuki
Arrangements: Hitoshi Fujima (Elements Garden)
TBS TV show "CDTV" opening theme for April and May
Egao no Yukue (笑顔の行方)
Lyrics: Miwa Yoshida
Composition: Masato Nakamura
Arrangements: Junpei Fujita (Elements Garden)
Cover version of a 1990 song by Japanese pop band, Dreams Come True
A duet version of the song was featured in Junichi Inagaki's album, Otoko to Onna 3 -Two Hearts Two Voices-
Antique Nachtmusik（アンティークナハトムジーク）
Lyrics: Shoko Fujibayashi
Composition: Takahiro Furukawa
Arrangements: Takahiro Furukawa
Fun Fun★People
Lyrics: Naho
Composition: h-wonder
Arrangements: h-wonder
FATE
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki
Composition: Jun Suyama
Arrangements: Jun Suyama
Vitalization -Aufwachen Form-
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki
Composition: Noriyasu Agematsu (Elements Garden)
Arrangements: Noriyasu Agematsu (Elements Garden), Daisuke Kikuta (Elements Garden)
Extended version of the opening theme for anime television series Senki Zesshō Symphogear G
Aishū Twilight (哀愁トワイライト)
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki
Composition: Hiroshi Usami
Arrangements: Hiroshi Usami
Setsuna Capacity (セツナキャパシティー)
Lyrics: Arata Maruta
Composition: Arata Maruta
Arrangements: Junpei Fujita (Elements Garden)
Ending theme for Tokyo FM Mizuki Nana M no Sekai
Ladyspiker
Lyrics: Shihori
Composition: Nakano Riyota
Arrangements: Nakano Riyota
Rock you baby!
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki
Composition: Naoya Endo
Arrangements: Tsunoda Takanori
Theme song for animeloLIVE! TV commercial
A Million Ways＝One Destination
Lyrics: Kenichi Maeyamada
Composition: Kenji Ito, Kenichi Maeyamada
Arrangements: Kenji Ito
Theme song for iOS/Android RPG game Kai-ri-Sei Million Arthur
Bokura no Mirai (僕らの未来)
Lyrics: Toshiro Yabuki
Composition: Toshiro Yabuki
Arrangements: Toshiro Yabuki
Ai no Hoshi -two hearts- (愛の星 -two hearts-)
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki, Eriko Yoshiki
Composition: Eriko Yoshiki
Arrangements: Hitoshi Fujima (Elements Garden), Mika Agematsu
Theme song for anime movie Space Battleship Yamato 2199 Chapter 7: Soshite Kan wa Iku
Remixed Version of the song 'Ai no Hoshi' (With added arrangements by Mika Agematsu)
Charts
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
References
Official website: NANA PARTY
2014 albums
Nana Mizuki albums
Belgium was represented by 31 athletes (15 male/16 female) at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain, from 27 July to 1 August 2010.
Medals
1only the final
2only the heats
Participants
Men
Track and road events
Combined events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
Combined events
References
Participants list (men)
Participants list (women)
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
The 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Mâcon, France. This event was held under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation.
The men's competition consisted of four Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Two events were held for the women, both in kayak. The type or number of events held at the championships remained unchanged from the previous championships.
This was the fourth championships in canoe sprint.
Medal summary
Man 's
Canoe
Kayak
Woman 's
Kayak
Note
Zenz competed for Saar, but is listed in official reports as competing for West Germany.
Medals table
References
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936-2007.
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936-2007.
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships
International sports competitions hosted by France
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in France
Vatrogasci (English: "Firefighters") is a Croatian parody rock band formed in 1991 by Tihomir Borošak (Tiho) and Dean Parmak. The Band is known in particular for humorous songs and their often parody specific songs of contemporary musical acts.
Their first song was "Vatrogasac Mirko" ("Firefighter Mirko") recorded during one-hour break while they were waiting for a next client. After the recording session they needed a singer, so they found Vladimir Pavelić (Bubi). Dean Parmak was first to leave the band, and after four albums recorded Pavelić left too. After Vladimir Pavelić, next singer was Mladen Martinović (Dugi) who would be their singer for next 10 years; after him, for their new album new singer is Goran Borošak (Gugi).
Their last album was "Dvodojak" (2014).
Famous parodies
They parodied many Croatian bands and singers, and also many foreign bands.
In 1992, the group made a parody of Boney M song "Rivers of Babylon", translating it into Croatian (naming it "Joj što volim") and making it in turbofolk arrangement. Group also covered 2 Unlimited's eurodance hit "No Limit", naming it "Nema ograničenja". Song "Paloma Blanca" was also covered in 1993 by the group (naming it "Pekara").
In 1993, they made a parody of ABBA's song "Chiquitita", translating it into Croatian (renaming it "Čičikita"). In 1994, the group featuring Croatian comedian Željko Pervan made a parody of Boney M "Rasputin" song, translating it into Croatian (naming "Raspiči, opiči"). They also made a parody of song "Those Were the Days" translating it into Croatian (naming it "Ajnc, cvaj draj").
In 1998, the group made a cover of "We Don't Need Another Hero (Thunderdome)" song in Gypsy life thematic, translating it into Croatian and naming it "Daj još jednu", giving it a tamburica/folk music arrangement. They also covered famous songs like:
The Buggles song "Video Killed the Radio Star" in 1999.
Queen song "Bohemian Rhapsody" in 2002.
The Police song "Every Breath You Take" in 2005.
Guns N' Roses song "Sweet Child o' Mine" in 2005.
and many more.
Discography
Studio albums
"Vatrogasna zabava vol.1" (Euroton, 1992)
"Vatrogasna zabava vol.2" (Euroton, 1993)
"Vatrogasna zabava vol.3" (Euroton, 1994)
"Vatrogasna zabava vol.4" (Croatia Records, 1995)
"Priče iz radione" (Croatia Records, 1998)
"Med i mlijeko" (Croatia Records, 1999)
"Sreća u nesreći" (Croatia Records, 2001)
"Kitice i revreni" (eSVe, 2002)
"Trava i užas" (Kondorcomm/Song Zelex, 2003)
"Poruke u boci" (Suzy/Song Zelex, 2004)
"Vlahovin svjedok" (Unicorn Records, 2005)
"Homo erectus" (their own, limited edition, 2009)
"Badel 2013" (Unicorn Records, 2013)
"Dvodojak" (Unicorn Records, 2014)
Compilation albums
"The Best of" (Croatia Records, 1996)
See also
Music of Croatia
References
External links
The best of..., album at Croatia Records official website
"Milo, znoj je ispod ruke tvoje..." Slobodna Dalmacija, 3 September 2003
Barikada – World Of Music – Vatrogasci
Vatrogasci song lyrics
Croart CD shop
Musical groups established in 1991
1991 establishments in Croatia
Croatian rock music groups
Parody musicians
Musical quartets
Phyllonorycter fragilella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and Texas, Maine, Michigan, New York, Massachusetts, Illinois and Wyoming in the United States.
The wingspan is 8.5–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Lonicera species (including Lonicera sempervirens and Lonicera × bella), Symphoricarpos species (including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus and Symphoricarpos vulgaris) and Chiococca alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
fragilella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1878
Shaun Pizzonia (born March 9, 1968), or Sting International is an American musician, DJ, sound engineer, songwriter, and two-time Grammy Award winning producer best known for their work with Jamaican musician Shaggy and English musician Sting.
Pizzonia was well known for their knowledge across numerous genres, and is one of the most in-demand radio and club DJ's. They have been influential in broadening dancehall reggae's audience. The name "Sting International", is based on an acronym of four DJ names: Shaun, Tony, Ian and Gary. "I threw an N in there and got STING, and I added International to it because it sounded f**king grand and everybody loved it."
In 1996, Pizzonia founded Big Yard Records with Robert Livingston and Shaggy. After departing Big Yard in 2011, Pizzonia formed the record label Ranch Entertainment Inc (REI) with Shaggy, Paul Rossi, and Yoichi Imai, and Shaun is the label's chief producer.
Selected works
"Oh Carolina" single (1993) – producer
"Big Up" single (1993) – producer, co-writer
Boombastic album (1995) – producer, arranger, performer, co-writer
"It Wasn't Me" single (2000) – producer, co-writer
"Angel" single (2000) – producer
Clothes Drop album (2005) – co-writer
Intoxication album (2007) – producer, co-writer
"Everything You Need" track (2011) – performer
Summer in Kingston album (2011) – producer, co-writer
Rise album (2012) – co-writer
44/876 album (2018) – producer, co-writer
Awards and nominations
Grammy Awards
References
Musicians from New York City
Grammy Award winners
Living people
1968 births
The recurvebills are two species of Furnariid birds from the genus Syndactyla. They are restricted to humid forests in the South American countries of Bolivia, Peru and Brazil. Their common name refers to the peculiar bill-shape, which, at least in the case of the larger-billed Peruvian recurvebill, is an adaption for manipulating bamboo stems. Both species are overall rufescent brown. The SACC reclassified the recurvebills from the genus Simoxenops to Syndactyla based on studies from Dewberry (2011).
Species
Peruvian recurvebill, Syndactyla ucayalae
Bolivian recurvebill, Syndactyla striatus
References
Remsen, J. V. 2003. Simoxenops ucayalae & S. striatus (Peruvian & Bolivian Recurvebill). Pp. 331 in: del Hoyo, J., A. Alliott, & D. A. Christie. eds. 2003. Handbook of the Birds of the World. Vol. 8. Broadbills to Tapaculos. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
DERRYBERRY, E., S. CLARAMUNT, G. DERRYBERRY, R. T. CHESSER, J. CRACRAFT, A. ALEIXO, J. PÉREZ-ÉMAN, J. V. REMSEN, JR., & R. T. BRUMFIELD. 2011. Lineage diversification and morphological evolution in a large-scale continental radiation: the Neotropical ovenbirds and woodcreepers (Aves: Furnariidae). Evolution 65: 2973–2986.
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bird common names
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
George Martin Kelly (born 12 November 1996) is an Irish association football player who plays as a forward for EFL Championship club Rotherham United.
Career
UCD
Kelly joined UCD after a brief stint with Derry City. In 2017, Kelly scored a hat-trick against, Athlone Town, securing the top scorer title for the season.
Dundalk
After two and a half seasons in the First Division, Kelly signed with Premier Division club, Dundalk. They played their first European match against Estonian side, FCI Levadia Tallinn in the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds. They ended the 2018 season with the rare double of First Division (for UCD) and Premier Division (for Dundalk) winner's medals, and also won the FAI Cup.
During the 2019 season, Kelly and Dundalk narrowly missed out on the treble, following a penalty shootout in the 2019 FAI Cup Final against Shamrock Rovers.
Loan to St Patrick's Athletic
Kelly was loaned to St Patrick's Athletic for the remainder of the 2020 season on 28 July 2020. On 7 August 2020, they scored their first goals for the club, netting a brace as their side beat Finn Harps 2–0 at Richmond Park. Their only other goal for the club came in a 3–2 loss away to Finn Harps on 29 October 2020.
Bohemians
On 22 December 2020, Kelly signed for Bohemians. Kelly scored their first Premier Division hat-trick in a 5–1 victory against Dundalk. Following a successful first season at the club, Kelly was the league's top scorer with 21 goals including a late equaliser against Sligo Rovers in the final game of the season. They were later named to the team of the year. They helped the club reach the 2021 FAI Cup Final where they eventually lost to their former club, St Patrick's Athletic.
Rotherham United
In January 2022 they signed for EFL League One club Rotherham United. On 30 April 2022, Kelly scored the second goal in a 2–0 win for Rotherham over Gillingham which secured promotion to the Championship, having come on as a substitute 10 minutes beforehand to make their first team debut.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Dundalk
League of Ireland Premier Division (2): 2018, 2019
FAI Cup (1): 2018
League of Ireland Cup (1): 2019
Champions Cup (1): 2019
Rotherham United
EFL Trophy (1): 2021–22
Individual
League of Ireland Premier Division Top Scorer (1): 2021
League of Ireland First Division Top Scorer (1): 2017
References
1996 births
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Derry City F.C. players
University College Dublin A.F.C. players
Dundalk F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Bohemian F.C. players
League of Ireland players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Association footballers from County Donegal
People from County Donegal
English Football League players
Taehong Cho (born 1966) is a Korean linguist and Professor of Linguistics (HYU Distinguished Research Fellow) at Hanyang University.  They are the editor-in-chief of the Journal of Phonetics and a member of the editorial board of Laboratory Phonology. Cho is known for their works on phonetics, laboratory phonology, speech production and speech perception.
Select publications
The Effects of Prosody on Articulation in English, Routledge 2002
Cho, T., & Ladefoged, P. (1999). Variation and universals in VOT: evidence from 18 languages. Journal of Phonetics, 27(2), 207–229. doi:10.1006/jpho.1999.0094
Cho, T., Jun, S.-A., & Ladefoged, P. (2002). Acoustic and aerodynamic correlates of Korean stops and fricatives. Journal of Phonetics, 30(2), 193–228. doi:10.1006/jpho.2001.0153 (https://doi.org/10.1006/jpho.2001.0153)
References
External links
Prof. Taehong Cho
Living people
1966 births
Phoneticians
Phonologists
Linguistics journal editors
Cognitive scientists
Max Planck Institutes researcher
Hanyang University faculty
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Psycholinguists
Lellouche is a North-African surname; a variant form of Lellouch, Lelouch, Alloush, Allouch and Allouche. It is derived from the early Afroasiatic-Semitic family, where it is seen in the Berber and Arabian Peninsula Arabic cultures as el allouch (alush), meaning "the lamb". It is most-often used to signify a young male lamb, and remains a nickname or term of endearment in some North African and Arabic cultures.
Louche also means "cross-eyed" in French, and le/la Louche serves as nickname in its figurative meaning, a "shady" one, for some historical people in French texts.
Notable people with the name include:
People and places named Allouch
People named Allouch
(born 1939), French psychoanalyst.
Moustapha Allouch (born 1958), Lebanese politician.
Roula Allouch, Wisconsin born American with Syrian descent, chairperson of the Council on American–Islamic Relations.
Soulaïman Allouch (born 2002), Moroccan-Dutch footballer.
Places named Allouch
Dar Allouch, a town in Nabeul Governorate, Tunisia.
People named Allouche
Adam Allouche (born 1993), French–Lebanese award winning international swimmer.
(born 1956), French bridge player.
Fabrice Allouche (born 1968), French professional boxer;
(born 1939), French politician.
(active 2004–now), French composer, pianist and music producer.
(born 1953), mathematician, research director at CNRS.
(born 20th century), French psychosociologist;
People named Alloush
Fadi Alloush (born 1969), Lebanese footballer.
Kinda Alloush (born 1982), Syrian actor.
Zahran Alloush (1971-2015), Syrian rebel.
People named Lelouch
Claude Lelouch and relatives
Claude Lelouch (born 1937), French film director, writer, cinematographer, actor and producer. They have 7 known children, 4 of them being active in film industry as either producers or actors.
Marie-Sophie L., Claude's ex-wife, French actor, raw foodism advocate.
née Cochet (born 1963), Claude's ex-wife, French actor.
(born 1983), Claude's daughter with Christine, French actor.
(born 1976), Claude's daughter with Christine, TV presenter and producer.
Shaya Lelouch (born 1992) Claude's daughter with Christine, French actor.
(born 1969), Claude's son with Christine, French actor, director, screenwriter.
Martine Lelouch, Claude's sister, French actor, photographer and videographer.
Other people named Lelouch
Émilie Lelouch, French actor, stunt woman.
Fictional people named Lelouch
Lelouch Lamperouge, anime character from Code Geass
People named Lellouch
Emmanuel Lellouch (born 1963), Observatoire de Paris planetary scientist.
5519 Lellouch, a minor planet, named after Emmanuel Lellouch.
People named Lellouche
(born 1981), French poker player.
Camille Lellouche (born 1986), French actor, comedian and singer.
Élie Lellouche (born 1952), French trainer of thoroughbred race horses.
Gilles Lellouche (born 1972), French actor, Philippe Lellouche's brother.
Ofer Lellouche (born 1947), Israeli artist.
Pierre Lellouche (born 1951), French politician.
Philippe Lellouche (born 1966), French actor, Gilles Lellouche's brother.
(20th century), French director.
Others
Bernard I (died 995), Count of Armagnac.
Vassili (1421–1448), Grand Prince of Muscovy.
References
Surnames of Algerian origin
Arabic-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Tinea apicimaculella is a species of moth of the family Tineidae. It is found in North America (including Alabama, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Ontario, Tennessee and Virginia).
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Moths described in 1875
Tineinae
Patrick Fitzgerald (born 1960) is the former United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois.
Patrick Fitzgerald may also refer to:
Patrik Fitzgerald (born 1956), British singer-songwriter
Pat Fitzgerald (born 1974), football coach
Patrick Fitzgerald (Irish judge), fourteenth century judge
Patrick Fitzgerald (1882–1965), actor, better known as Creighton Hale
See also
Pat Fitzgerald (disambiguation)
Edith Lambert Sharp (March 7, 1911 – July 2, 1974) was a Canadian professional woman, writing teacher, and writer. They won the annual Governor General's Award for juvenile fiction in 1958, recognizing the historical novel Nkwala as the year's best Canadian book.
Life
They were born near Carroll, Manitoba, daughter of Charles Lambert and Edna Louise (Maloan) Sharp. They dropped out of high school in Penticton, British Columbia, after one year. They attended the Vancouver School of Art and took private studies from the Smithsonian Institution to develop their artistic talents.
Sharp worked as a director of the Okanagan Summer School of the Arts, as well as teaching creative writing in night and summer schools. They also became involved in politics and served years as secretary to the riding associations of the local Progressive Conservative Party.
Sharp was a member of the Penticton Board of Trade, an honorary member of the Business and Professional Women's Club, the Conservative Party, and the Anglican Church of Canada. They died in British Columbia in 1974.
Selected works
Nkwala, illustrated by William Winter (Little, Brown, 1958), , – Governor General's Award for Juvenile Fiction
Nkwala is a researched juvenile novel about the pre-colonial Okanagan people of the Interior of British Columbia.
References
External links
1911 births
Canadian Anglicans
Canadian children's writers
Governor General's Award-winning children's writers
People from Westman Region, Manitoba
Emily Carr University of Art and Design alumni
1974 deaths
Nhill College is a public F-12 College located in Nhill, Victoria, Australia. The College is the main provider of education for Nhill and the surrounding district, especially for secondary education where the only other option for families is sending students to boarding schools at larger regional centers.
Originally two separate schools on the same site, the primary and secondary schools merged to become the current F–12 under the guidance of then principal Neville Trotman.
As of 2014 there were 345 enrolments in Nhill College, with 130 primary students and 215 secondary students. Enrolments have generally remained stable, with numbers in the secondary section increasing slightly since the previous year.
References
External links
Nhill College Website
Educational institutions with year of establishment missing
Public high schools in Victoria (Australia)
Public primary schools in Victoria (Australia)
Wimmera
The 1993 Preakness Stakes was the 118th running of the Preakness Stakes thoroughbred horse race. The race took place on May 15, 1993, and was televised in the United States on the ABC television network. Prairie Bayou, who was jockeyed by Mike E. Smith, won the race by a half length over runner-up Cherokee Run. Approximate post time was 5:34 p.m. Eastern Time. The race was run over a fast track in a final time of 1:56-3/5. The Maryland Jockey Club reported total attendance of 97,641, this is recorded as second highest on the list of American thoroughbred racing top attended events for North America in 1993.
Union City, who did not finish this race due to injury, was euthanized as a result. This race's winner, Prairie Bayou, would run in the Belmont Stakes, fail to finish it, and be euthanized as well.
Payout
The 118th Preakness Stakes Payout Schedule
$2 Exacta: (3–12) paid $69.00
$2 Trifecta: (3–12–2) paid $2,258.60
The full chart
Winning Breeder: Loblolly Stable; (KY)
Final Time: 1:56 3/5
Track Condition: Fast
Total Attendance: 97,641
See also
1993 Kentucky Derby
References
External links
1993
1993 in horse racing
1993 in American sports
1993 in sports in Maryland
Horse races in Maryland
Fish Lake is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lincoln Township, LaPorte County, Indiana, United States. It is located where Indiana State Road 4 passes between Upper Fish Lake and Lower Fish Lake. These lakes feed the Kankakee River. As of the 2010 census, the population of the community was 1,016.
Geography
Fish Lake is located in eastern LaPorte County at , in the center of Lincoln Township. The community surrounds Lower Fish Lake and covers the north, west, and south sides of Upper Fish Lake. Mill Creek, the lakes' outlet, flows south to the Little Kankakee River and then shortly to the Kankakee River, a west-flowing waterway that is a primary tributary of the Illinois River.
Indiana State Road 4 passes through the community, between the two lakes, and leads northwest to La Porte, the county seat, and southeast to North Liberty. Fish Lake is southwest of South Bend.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Fish Lake CDP has a total area of , of which are land and , or 18.24%, are water.
Demographics
History
In 1888, Swift & Co. of Chicago (an ice company) purchased land around Upper and Lower Fish Lake. Ice harvesting ceased here in 1930.
Fish Lake is said to have had some homes owned by Al Capone when they were still running Chicago. Their men chose this as one of their hideout locations. Since then, it has evolved into a small locals town. There still is a heavy Chicago tourist presence, many of whom own summer homes.
References
Census-designated places in LaPorte County, Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
In mathematics, specifically in abstract algebra, a torsion-free abelian group is an abelian group which has no non-trivial torsion elements; that is, a group in which the group operation is commutative and the identity element is the only element with finite order.
While finitely generated abelian groups are completely classified, not much is known about infinitely generated abelian groups, even in the torsion-free countable case.
Definitions
An abelian group is said to be torsion-free if no element other than the identity is of finite order. Explicitely, for any , the only element for which is .
A natural example of a torsion-free group is , as only the integer 0 can be added to itself finitely many times to reach 0. More generally, the free abelian group is torsion-free for any . An important step in the proof of the classification of finitely generated abelian groups is that every such torsion-free group is isomorphic to a .
A non-finitely generated countable example is given by the additive group of the polynomial ring (the free abelian group of countable rank).
More complicated examples are the additive group of the rational field , or its subgroups such as (rational numbers whose denominator is a power of ). Yet more involved examples are given by groups of higher rank.
Groups of rank 1
Rank
The rank of an abelian group is the dimension of the -vector space . Equivalently it is the maximal cardinality of a linearly independent (over ) subset of .
If it is torsion-free then it injects into . Thus, torsion-free abelian groups of rank 1 are exactly subgroups of the additive group .
Classification
Torsion-free abelian groups of rank 1 have been completely classified. To do so one associates to a group a subset of the prime numbers, as follows: pick any , for a prime we say that if and only if for every . This does not depend on the choice of since for another there exists such that . Baer proved that is a complete isomorphism invariant for rank-1 torsion free abelian groups.
Classification problem in general
The hardness of a classification problem for a certain type of structures on a countable set can be quantified using model theory and descriptive set theory. In this sense it has been proved that the classification problem for countable torsion-free abelian groups is as hard as possible.
Notes
References
.
.
Algebraic structures
Abelian group theory
Properties of groups
Juan Navarro of Seville, hence the epithet Hispalensis (Marchena c. 1530 – Palencia 25 September 1580) was a Spanish composer.  They are not related to the Mexican composer Juan Navarro Gaditanus, (i.e. Juan Navarro of Cadiz, c. 1550 – c. 1610).
Navarro gave their place of birth as Marchena when inducted as chapel-master at Ciudad Rodrigo. Marchena is some 30 miles (50km) from Seville, but in its province and geographically near enough to justify the epiphet Hispalensis, which appears on the title page of their 1590 Roman publication (below). Navarro sang as a tenor in the choir of the Duke of Arcos in Marchena (by 1549, when Cristóbal de Morales was chapel-master), then in the cathedrals of Jaén and Málaga. In 1553 they competed for the position of maestro de capilla in Málaga left vacant by the death of Morales, a competition won by Francisco Guerrero. In 1563 they were appointed maestro de capilla of the Cathedral of Avila, then in 1566 of Salamanca where they were appointed without being required to compete for the post. Avila offered to double their salary to keep him, but the position at Salamanca was more attractive. They left Salamanca after striking the chaplain and succentor, Juan Sanchez, in the face during Vespers on New Year's Eve 1573, and became chapel-master in 1574 at Ciudad Rodrigo and then Palencia in 1578, where they remained till their death and where they were buried.
Navarro's compositions include two hymn cycles, one written in Avila (1565) and preserved in manuscript there, the second published posthumously in Rome (1590) as part of the 350-page collection of "Psalmi, Hymni ac Magnificat totius anni ... , for four, five, and six voices." This contained 12 vesper psalms, 18 vesper hymns, and a set of Magnificats in each of the eight tones (plus a ninth setting), plus 4 Marian antiphons - a formula closely following that of Guerrero's similar 1584 Liber vesperarum. The only works printed in their lifetime were a villancico and two villanescas, in Daza's 1576 El Parnaso.
Their works include a number of motets preserved in manuscript, but no mass settings. Among their works two settings of hymns ("Vexilla regis" and "Pange lingua"), two settings of antiphons ("Regina caeli" and "Ave Regina caelorum") and a "Te Deum" are based on uniquely Spanish chant melodies rather than the Roman melodies more commonly used by Renaissance composers.
Works
Psalmi, hymni, ac Magnificat totius anni, secundum ritum Sanctae Romanae Ecclesiae, quatuor, quinque, ac sex vocibus concinendi, Rome 1590 (posthumous)
References
1530 births
1580 deaths
Spanish classical composers
Spanish male classical composers
Renaissance composers
Masamoto (written: , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese kugyō
, Japanese business person
Japanese masculine given names
Florencio Ignacio Utreras Díaz (born 25 December 1951, Ancud) is a Chilean mathematician who is considered to be one of the fathers of the Internet in Chile.
Biography
Utreras studied engineering mathematics at the University of Chile, graduating in 1975. Later, in 1979, they earned their doctorate in engineering at Université Grenoble Alpes in France.
In 1987, they directed the Chilean connection to BITNET, the computer network at City University in New York City and Yale University. In 1992, they contributed to the creation of National University Network (), the main academic network for Latin America and the Caribbean.
In 1997, Utreras to start the strategic alliance between REUNA and CTC (now Movistar) to create Reuna2, the broadband network that connected between Arica and Osorno, at that time the most extensive network in Latin America.
In 2003, they were a part of the founding team of the Cooperación Latinoamericana de Redes Avanzadas (Red Clara), a non-profit organization of 17 Latin American nations that brings together the education and research networks of the region. From 1998 to 2002, they were part of the presidential committees of Chile in the Internet Society and, in 2016, received the recognition of World Telecommunications Day, granted by the Undersecretary of Telecommunications of Chile.
In 2017, Utreras was inaugurated into the Internet Hall of Fame in the Global Connectors category for their important and pioneering contributions to the connectivity of Chile and Latin America to the Internet.
References
External links
Profesor Florencio Utreras analiza los desafios actuales en internet
1951 births
Living people
People from Ancud
University of Chile alumni
Grenoble Alpes University alumni
Chilean mathematicians
Chilean engineers
Chilean computer scientists
Internet pioneers
Matthew Rombach Denver (December 21, 1870 – May 13, 1954) was a three-term member of the U.S. representative from Ohio from 1907 to 1913. They were the son of James William Denver, who served as a member of Congress from California in the mid-19th century.
Biography
Born in Rombach Place in Wilmington, Ohio, Denver attended public schools there. They graduated from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. in 1892. They were involved in agriculture, banking and manufacturing. They served as delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1896, 1908, 1912, 1920, 1924, 1928, 1932, and 1936 and as a member of the Democratic State committee from 1896 to 1908.
Denver was elected as a Democrat to the Sixtieth, Sixty-first, and Sixty-second Congresses (March 4, 1907 – March 3, 1913). They declined candidacy for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress. They returned to banking in Wilmington and served as president of the Ohio Bankers' Association in 1918 and 1919.
Denver was again elected a member of the Democratic State committee for the 1926–1928 term. They served as president of the Clinton County National Bank & Trust Co. from 1902 until their death in Wilmington on May 13, 1954. Their remains are interred at the Sugar Grove Cemetery.
References
Sources
1870 births
1954 deaths
Georgetown University alumni
People from Wilmington, Ohio
American bankers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Edna Margaret Walling (4 December 1896 – 8 August 1973) was one of Australia's most influential landscape designers.
Early years and migration
Walling was born in Yorkshire and grew up in the village of Bickleigh in Devon, England, second daughter of William Walling, a furniture dealer's clerk, and Harriet Margaret, née Goff. Them father encouraged their exploration and love of the English countryside and taught their woodworking. Edna was schooled at the Convent of Notre Dame, Plymouth, Devon. When they were fourteen years old the family emigrated to New Zealand and in 1914 moved with their family to Melbourne, Victoria, Australia where their father had gone in advance in 1911.
Training
With the encouragement of their mother, Walling was awarded their government certificate in horticulture at Burnley College in December 1917, and after some years as a jobbing gardener they commenced their own landscape design practice in the 1920s. Garden construction rather than horticulture interested their most, and they sought work from Melbourne's architects, and secured commissions including several from the fashionable architect Marcus Martin. They "went on to design some significant Arts and Crafts gardens".
Bickleigh Vale
In the 1920s, as Australia's first woman land developer, Walling began to create a village at Mooroolbark on the outskirts of Melbourne called Bickleigh Vale. With its unique collection of charming houses and gardens Bickleigh Vale is one of their most acclaimed achievements. It was designed to be 'the nucleus of an English village' and they built the first cottage, named after the village of Sonning on the River Thames in England, as their own home, though it had to be completely rebuilt after a disastrous fire. They sold subdivisions of the land only to people who were prepared to accept designs for a cottage and garden prepared by them
Garden design
In 1935 Ellis Stones built a wall for them Recognizing their ability—which they called 'a rare thing this gift for placing stones' – they suggested that they work for them They gave them a free hand to create walls, outcrops, pools and paths in their gardens at some of Melbourne's finest homes which assisted in establishing a local garden tradition. Their best collaboration was seen in a free-form swimming pool and outcrop, built in 1939-40 for Edith Hughes-Jones at Olinda, Victoria
Them design practice grew and they worked across Australia, in Perth, Hobart, Sydney, and Buderim in Queensland. Them Victorian commissions included designing the lily pond for Coombe Cottage, Dame Nellie Melba's residence in Coldstream, in the Yarra Valley Ranges; Durro l for Mrs Stanley Allen at Mount Macedon (the garden remains though the house was destroyed by fire on July 11, 2018); Rock Lodge garden for Mrs P.F. O'Collins in Frankston; Cruden Farm garden for Mrs Keith Murdoch (later Dame Elisabeth), Langwarrin and the Marshall Garden in Eaglemont. One of their most intact NSW commissions is Markdale, Binda ().
Walling's expertise as an artist enabled them to produce watercolour plans to convey to clients the ambience of the finished gardens they intended to create. I plans from the 1920s and 1930s show a strong architectural framework with 'low stone walls, wide pergolas and paths – always softened with a mantle of greenery'. They later drew inspiration from the Australian bush, creating a more naturalistic style with boulders, rocky outcrops and indigenous plants. In small suburban gardens, Walling created garden 'rooms' to make the garden appear far larger than it actually was.
Them designs were heavily influenced by their experience of the Devon countryside as a child and designers such as Gertrude Jekyll. The houses of American architect Royal Barry Wills (renowned for their Cape Cod designs) and Lewis Mumford's books, The Culture of Cities and The Image of the City, also provided early inspiration.
Conservationist
In the mid-1940s Walling concentrated their interest in native plants which they had begun using in domestic gardens in the 1920s. In the 1950s, they became interested in the conservation of roadside vegetation and was a prolific writer in the press on the subject as well as their 1952 book The Australian Roadside. According to Trisha Dixon, Walling was an important influence on Australian gardening, steering tastes away from an Anglo-centric heritage towards a respect for the Australian climate and landscape.
In 1967, they moved from Melbourne to Bendles at Buderim in Queensland, where they had hoped to further develop the village concept but it did not progress. Despite their ill-health during their last years at Bendle, Walling continued to write prolifically, rewriting manuscripts, corresponding to newspapers on environmental issues, and trying to republish their books. About a quarter of Walling's designs survive and these are held in the State Library of Victoria and in private collections in Tasmania, South Australia, New South Wales and Victoria.
Writer-photographer
In 1926, Walling began contributing regularly to The Australian Home Beautiful, and by the mid-1930s had become an expert photographer in order to illustrate their articles. By the 1950s, Walling had stopped producing their regular column for The Australian Home Beautiful, but continued to write occasional articles for Walkabout, Woman's World, Australian House and Garden, The Sun News-Pictorial and The Age. They continued to send articles to editors until shortly before their death. The Happiest Days of My Life, covering the development of their holiday property at Lorne, was written by Walling but not published until 2008. They were the author of several books on landscape design, and they and garden writer and botanist Jean Galbraith enjoyed a long correspondence, generating materials for an unpublished manuscript 'The Harvest of a Quiet Eye'.:
Personal life
Walling never married and called themselves a ‘misfit' or ‘odd', and as they dressed in a masculine manner and cropped their hair short, male clients were unsure how to react to them Though they had long working association with Eric Hammond and Ellis Stone, their succession of female assistants and close relationships with women including Esmé Johnston and poet Lorna Fielden and friendships with other women who lived openly in a partnership, like bookshop owner Margareta Webber with Dr Jean Littlejohn, and landscape architect Mervyn Davis (her name was Welsh) and Daphne Pearson, have led some researchers to the conclusion that they were lesbian, though Walling herself, who lived through Australia's more conservative, homophobic cultural period, made no such admission. A design commission prompted their move to Bendles in Buderim in Queensland 1967, where they were later joined by their companion Lorna Fielden, who had been a teacher at MLC and also edited Walling's writings. Walling died at Nambour on August 8, 1973, and Lorna 4 years later; they and Edna are buried there side by side under two trees.
References
Further reading
External links
Edna Walling website produced by Tantamount Productions and the State Library of Victoria for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC)
Edna Walling's Manuscript
1895 births
1973 deaths
Australian gardeners
Australian landscape or garden designers
Garden writers
Women horticulturists and gardeners
20th-century women scientists
Horticulturists
Australian women photographers
19th-century Australian women
20th-century Australian women
Robert Julien Hoffstetter (11 June 1908 in Fargniers – 29 December 1999 in Gennevilliers) was a French taxonomist and herpetologist who was influential in categorizing reptiles. They described the snake families Bolyeriidae and Madtsoiidae.
Selected bibliography
Faune du gisement précolombien d'Anse-Belleville: Reptiles, 1946
Les mammifères pléistocènes de la république de l'Equateur, 1952
Notice sur les titres et travaux scientifiques, 1955
Contribution à l'étude des Orophodontoidea, gravigrades cuirassés de la Patagonie, 1956
Le gisement de ternifine, 1963
Historique et géologie, 1963
Révision des Artiodactyles de l'Eocène moyen de Lissieu (Rhône), 1972
Rongeurs caviomorphes de l'Oligocène de Bolivie, 1976
Phylogenie et Paleobiogeographie, 1982
References
French herpetologists
French taxonomists
~
1908 births
1999 deaths
20th-century French zoologists
People from Aisne
Maciej Pisarek Born 8 November 1966, in Kraków. Polish director and screenplay writer.
They made some documentaries – among others "Solo", about composer Bogusław Schaeffer.
They independently produced a short feature "Waves. Day Return" ("Fale. Wyjazd"). It was later bought by the Polish Television and selected to competition by important festivals like Avignon, 'Message To Man' in Sankt Petersburg, Slamdance and many others.
The thriller "Izolator", based on their own script, was to be their feature fiction debut. The film however was directed by a cinematographer, Christopher Doyle. Pisarek did not agree to leave their name among credits of that movie because of the production changes which ruined form and meaning of the original screenplay.
They worked in different commercial and TV forms - for example music video of Rojek's and Smolik's "Another Beautiful Day" (Olympic Anthem) or narrative documentary “Defence Of Jasna Gora”, with Daniel Olbrychski. Moreover, American NBC has put Pisarek's commercial in a prestigious program titled: "The Best Commercials You've Never Seen".
They publish their selected works, mainly writing, on their site, BING BONG (www.maciej-pisarek.com).
Selected films (director and writer)
2014 – "Dżej Dżej" (86 min.)
2008 – „Solo” (doc., 55 min.)
2006 – „Fale. Wyjazd” (Eng. „Waves. Day Return”; fic., 26 min.)
Selected awards
2009 – “Solo” - Grand Prize, Festival International du Film sur l'Art, Montreal
2008 – “Solo” - Main Jury Award, Music On Film Film On Music, Prague
2007 – “Waves. Day Return” - Special Jury Remi, WorldFest, Houston
External links
http://www.filmpolski.pl/fp/index.php/1125910
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1476838/
1966 births
Polish film directors
Living people
Jagiellonian University alumni
Film people from Kraków
Squitty Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Lasqueti Island in the Northern Gulf Islands of the Strait of Georgia region.
References
External links
Map BC Parks
Provincial Parks of the Gulf Islands
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1988
1988 establishments in British Columbia
Bernini is a men's fashion company based in Beverly Hills that was popularized in the 1990s and expanded rapidly into multiple stores. The clothing was sold out of a boutique store on Rodeo Drive before adding multiple locations there and elsewhere. Bernini's stores were known as offering "the very best menswear", with some branches selling custom-made suits. Pricing for a suit, shirt, and shoes could run into the thousands of dollars.
Visitors to the line's many stores included celebrities like rapper Puff Daddy and basketball player Michael Jordan. Bernini suits were worn on-air by Love Connection television show host Chuck Woolery, who was provided the suits by the company, as noted by the program announcer at the end of each show.
By 1998, Bernini had expanded to three locations on Rodeo Drive, including the original store at 346 N. Rodeo, Bernini Sport at 326 N. Rodeo, and Bernini Couture at 355 N. Rodeo—leading to the facetious observation that Rodeo Drive was "threatening to become 'Bernini Drive'".
The company opened locations in large outlet shopping centers, like in Cabazon, California. In the late 1990s, the company opened "Off Rodeo Drive Beverly Hills" multi-brand superstores inside of Mills Corporation shopping centers, including in Ontario, California (Ontario Mills), suburban Houston, Texas (Katy Mills), and suburban Dallas-Fort Worth (Grapevine Mills). The "Off Rodeo Drive" properties consisted of a corridor replicating the actual Rodeo Drive of Beverly Hills, with separate doorways leading to mini-stores for clothing brands such as Calvin Klein, Donna Karan, Gianni Versace, Hugo Boss, Moschino, Shauna Stein, Giorgio Armani, and Bernini.
As of 2009, Bernini also operated a number of shops in Las Vegas, including a Bernini and "the fancy men's clothing store" Bernini Collections at Caesars Palace Forum shops, a Bernini Couture at Caesars Palace Appian Way shops, and The Bernini Collezioni at the MGM Grand, selling items from other companies including Brioni, Canali, Versace, Hugo Boss, and Zegna.
Bernini's owner is Yousuf Tar, who previously owned a clothing boutique in South Africa and Burton's of Santa Monica.
Tar, a billionaire, has been known in the region for their residence, a Bel Air mansion nicknamed the 'Tar Mahal' or the 'Chateau d'Or', which was nearly purchased by Michael Jackson shortly before the entertainer's death in 2009.
As of 2021, Bernini's owner is billionaire real estate developer Imtiaz Tar alongside Muhammad and Deen Tar, a privately owned multi-million dollar company operating retail shops including at the highest sales per square foot mall in the USA, The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Sales include brick and mortar, wholesale, and e-commerce sales at www.bernini.com. Merchandise include Bernini signature products and classic fragrances.
References
<
Companies based in Beverly Hills, California
Clothing brands of the United States
Haute couture
Luxury brands
Eduard Carl Fimmen (18 June 1881, Nieuwer-Amstel – 14 December 1942, Cuernavaca), also known as Edo Fimmen, was a Dutch trade unionist.
Early life
Fimmen was born in Nieuwer-Amstel on 18 June 1881. Their father was a merchant, Eduard Hermann Johann Fimmen, and their mother was Therese Ansoul. They were both of German origin. They married Julie Lucie Cornelia (Nelly) Michen on 18 January 1906, and they were to have a daughter and son. In December they met the German journalist Alida Kammerer by whom they had two daughters while remaining married to their wife.
From 1894 to 1889, Fimmen attended the Amsterdam Trade Public School (1894–1899). Fimmen, developed a talent for languages, writing and speaking French, German and English fluently. They were able to earn money as a translator following their father's death when they were sixteen. Following a tour of duty in the Dutch Army they were drawn to the Salvation Army, through Christian commitment rather than a liking of military organisation. After meeting Lodewijk van Mierop, a member of the Dutch Reformed church and Menno Huizinga, a baptist - both theology students - they became involved in a Christian Anarchist magazine Vrede (peace) and the Rein Leven Movement, having their letters published under the pseudonym Edo. The group brought together young men of varying backgrounds, in terms of education, employment, knowledge and faith, but who shared a desire for complete purity of body and soul. Fimmen and Huizinga were principle editors to this group and fimmen devoted their spare time from 1901 - 1908 to the group. In particular they agitated against prostitution. For most of this period they chaired the Amsterdam meetings and bi-annual conferences. However, from 1905 disagreements arose over "free" and "bourgeois" marriages. By 1908 Fimmen was amongst a group who considered the movement as no longer anarchist and after rowing with Meirop they left.
Fimmen had also been active in the Society for the Suppression of the Neo-Malthusian using the names Nel Jaccard and Edo for articles in Tegen Leugen en Geweld (Against Lies and Violence), edited by Van Mierop. They translated material from the Conference of International Anti-militarist League (26–28 June 1904) held in Amsterdam. Encouraged by Domela Nieuwenhuis they chaired the last day of the conference where the Christian anarchists - as socialists, Christians and revolutionaries -advocated Conscientious objection and a general strike in the event of war.
Trade Union career
Fimmen worked as a clerk, probably for the American Petroleum Company and during the 1903 strike joined the National Union of Commercial and Office Employees. Allied to G L Niermeyer, they were elected secretary. They were then obliged to give up their job, and supported themselves through translation work for J. C. Dalmeyer. On 22 October 1905 they were one of the founder members of the General Dutch Union of Trade and Office Workers. They were the treasurer from 1905 to 1907, and then Secretary from 1907 - 1916. They also edited Onze Strijd (Our Struggle) from 1909 - 1916. They successfully campaigned for equal pay for men and women in 1909.
From 1919 to 1942, Fimmen served as General Secretary of the International Transport Workers' Federation. In the early phases of World War II in Europe, they organized couriers for Soviet military intelligence and also assisted the British.
Books
Fimmen's Translations into Dutch
From German
De kunst van het arbeiden, Carl Hilty, (1903)
Geluk, Carl Hilty, (1903)
From English:
Nyria , Mrs. Campbell Pread, (1904);
From the French:
Wat volwassen meisjes wel eens mogen weten, Ch. Burlureaux, (1905),
Books by Fimmen
Labour's Alternative: The United States of Europa or Europe Limited (1924) Labour Publishing Company, London
References
Further reading
Hans Schoots, 'Fimmen, Eduard Carl (1881-1942)', in: Biografisch Woordenboek van Nederland 5 (2002)
1881 births
1942 deaths
Anarcho-pacifists
Christian anarchists
Dutch anarchists
Dutch Christian pacifists
Dutch trade union leaders
Dutch socialists
International Transport Workers' Federation
Trade unionists from Amsterdam
Rio Grande (Portuguese for "great river") is a river in south-central Brazil. It rises in the Mantiqueira Mountains in the state of Minas Gerais and descends inland, west-northwestward. Its lower course marks a portion of the Minas Gerais-São Paulo border. At the Mato Grosso do Sul state border, after a course of , it joins the Paranaíba River to form the Upper Paraná River.
Major tributaries of the Rio Grande are:
Rio Aiuruoca, whose source is in Itamonte;
Rio das Mortes, whose source lies between Barbacena and Senhora dos Remédios;
Rio Jacaré, whose source is in the Serra do Galba;
Rio Sapucaí, whose source is in the Mantiqueira Mountains in São Paulo;
Rio Pardo, whose source is in Ipuiúna.
The basin of the Rio Grande belongs to the Paraná River basin. It has a total area of , of which are located within Minas Gerais, which is equivalent to 17.8% of the state territory. The basin of the Rio Grande is responsible for about 67% of all energy generated in the state.
The Grande is interrupted by several dams and reservoirs; in the upper Grande the river forms Furnas Dam, then Peixotos Dam, and downstream, Luiz Barreto Dam, Jaguara Dam, Volta Grande Dam, Marimbondo Dam and Água Vermelha Dam.
The river plays a major role in production of electricity and, due to rapids and waterfalls, and absence of locks, is only navigable by small craft in limited stretches. However the Estrada de Ferro Oeste de Minas (a narrow gauge railway) operated a passenger and freight steam navigation service between 1889 and 1963. The EFOM met the Rio Grande at Ribeirão Vermelho, from where the service ran down the river for , as far as Capetina. There were six stations on the river between Ribeirão Vermelho and Capetinga, and the railway operated a fleet of 6 stern-wheel paddle steamers, together with barges and launches. The service was halted by the completion of the Furnas Dam.
See also
Luiz Barreto (Estreito) Dam
Marimbondo Dam
Água Vermelha Dam
Furnas Dam
Parana River steamers
References
External links
Rio Grande at Wikimapia, Google terrain view, centered on the site of the photo above
Rivers of Mato Grosso do Sul
Tributaries of the Paraná River
Rivers of São Paulo (state)
Rivers of Minas Gerais
Valtetsi () is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece. It is located in the Central Peloponessus in what is called Ορεινή Αρκαδία (Greek: Mountainous Arcadia) at a distance of 12 km west of Tripoli and an altitude of 1,050 m. It is a small plain terrain surrounded by four hills: Chomatovouni, Mylos, Katsikeika and Dovrouleika. It is considered a traditional settlement.
Historical Synopsis
It was later improved by a migration of Tsakonians on their way to Attica due to their shepherd's life and also some Souliotes chased by the Ottomans resettled in the village.
Valtetsi used to be an isolated place, connected to other villages with three narrow paths only, each one guiding to the major mounts in the region: one to the Taygetus, other to the Menalus and the third to the Parnon. This is possibly the reason why it was one of the most famous dens chosen by klephtes and brigands.
It soon became characterized by a strong common ethic code which was strictly guarded by the Valtetsiotes, who were renowned as warlike highlanders with an austere way of life and love for Greek tradition and Christian faith.
Every day life was extremely hard since cattle keeping (mostly sheep and also some goats) was the local profession for ordinary villagers. The typical family lived in a constant move. When it was not the Ottoman occupant's menace it was the strong winter which obliged shepherds to take their herds to milder weathers and pastures in the Argolid returning to Valtetsi in April. When September arrived, they started the herd's move again, this time to the summer camps in Tegea and Dimitsana. The existence of nearby marshes, worsened the living conditions up to a level that a strong dengue epidemic struck the village even at the beginning of the Twentieth century.
The pastoral way of living was kept for nearly 400 years until the early 1950s. The negative impacts of the Second World War and the Greek Civil War, which impoverished the region to an extent of very difficult subsistence, and the advent of modernization with the boom of urban life made younger generations to flee for new experiences at first towards nearby cities in the Argolid, second to Athens, Greece's capital city (notably in some of the neighbourhoods of Piraeus like Kastela or Palaio Faliro) and in the end overseas abroad to America being the United States, Canada and Argentina the three main places chosen as destinations.
The disaster that both wars caused in the region, slowly overcame as the rest of Greece with the help of the Marshall Plan and the doctrine of rebuilding Europe. With the accession of the country to the European Union, progress arrived to the villages, mainly in terms of communication. New roads and tunnels were built with European funds and telephone netting plus TV provision finished with centuries of isolation.
Today's Valtetsi is a touristic attraction, showing the typical highland mountain village with a number of nearly 300 semi-stable people living. When the month of the Anniversary of the Greek War of Independence arrives, a new revolution, takes place with historical re-enactments and special celebrations which are attended by national and regional political celebrities.
Valtetsi during the Greek War of Independence
In 1821, when the Greek War of Independence broke out, Valtetsi became the key headquarters of the revolutionary army. The short distance within the village and Tripolis -which being the capital of the Ottoman vilayet of Morea became the main objective of the rebels- and the topographic characteristics of the place made Theodoros Kolokotronis to choose it as their stronghold prior to the final assault.
The Maniots, under the leadership of Kyriakoulis Mavromichalis and with the help of the local villagers, succeeded in fortifying the four hilltops by building small housetowers and installing defensive batteries. During the Battle of Valtetsi, the combined action of the Maniot warriors and the local brigands helped the Greek side to win the battle and to take effective control nearly half of the Peloponessus.
Prior to the Siege of Tripolitsa, Petros Mavromichalis, the commander-in-chief and bey of Mani arrived to the village with a strong army and camped at Valtetsi, establishing the Maniot seat of campaign and headquarters for the first time since the medieval period outside the limits of Laconia. During the siege itself, the Valtetsiotes fought under the command of Petrobey and took part in the capture of the city.
In the following years, with the liberation of Greece, Valtetsi remained very close to Kolokotronis' affections. All the villages in the mountainous Arcadia and Valtetsi in particular were extremely loyal to the military party and their leaders such as the proper Kolokotronis, Nikitaras or the Mavromichaleoi against the civil party of Alexandros Mavrokordatos and the Aromanian blooded Kolettis, what made them to staunchly oppose the Bavarian regency as well as the Capodistrian government which they saw as undermining the local regional interests in behalf of centralization of power following Adamantios Korais' principles of a national, western, unitarian and homogenous state.
Valtetsi during World War II and the Greek Civil War
The Second World War and the subsequent Axis occupation brought a desperate situation to Valtetsi due to the village economic dependence from the trading markets in the City of Tripolis. Since most of the sheep and goats were confiscated by the Nazi occupants, the lack of food and the inflation made everyday life very difficult for the villagers because they could not manufacture the goods and products derived from these animals like milk, butter, cheese and furs. This way they were unable to buy other essential goods such as bread, farine or oil and medicine.
Resistance was also heavy in the zone, where many British and New Zealander soldiers were hidden or sheltered by villagers. A nationalist branch of the resistance movement, led by a former Troezenian officer in the Hellenic Army named Apostolos Kouvelakis was very supported by the local population. After each operation German razzias were common due to the evil work of collaborationist informants and they generally finished with brutal reprisals such as shootings and house burnings.
By 1944, the majority of the 1500 people of the village had relocated in nearby places such as Ermioni and Troezen. Those who stayed had to face another major problem that was already growing inside the whole Greece: The Civil War. Besides the non-marxist resistance fronts, communist partisans were also active, notably the EAM-ELAS. With the Nazi occupation over, after the liberation a vacuum of power was created in most rural areas. Communist chieftains started to campaign village by village so as to obtain adherents of their so-called liberation army and fight the British-backed governmental troops.
The communist partisans "liberated" Valtetsi in May 1944 under the command of kapetan Fotis Gatsopoulos. Immediately they gave orders to confiscate the church and the main houses to make their own headquarters. For the EAM members, Valtetsi was considered a royalist stronghold because only a few people accepted to be named as Village Guardians. Immediately they started to chase down those persons who were known for having relatives abroad, mainly the ones in the United States that were labelled as reactionaries or monarcho-fascists. When an order of massive execution was given the whole population rebelled against the partisans and expelled them from the village.
In the morning of July 15, 1944, a strong battle between the communist andartes and the Valtetsiotes took place. The villagers, peasants and shepherds fought against the communist forces but outnumbered and badly equipped were defeated. The communists recaptured the village and burned nearly a half of the houses. They gathered most of the population taken prisoners in the church's yard and started shooting with no distinction of men, women and children. Most of the population was decimated. By the time the Hellenic Army freed the village a couple of months later, Valtetsi was about to become a ghost place.
Places of interest
The Church of the Dormition of the Theotokos (Εκκλησία Κοίμησης Θεοτόκου) was built in 1837 under the command of Theodoros Kolokotronis and was dedicated to the Holy Virgin Mary, for Them guidance throughout the whole War of Independence. In the same place where it is located today, there was a small chapel that the revolutionaries used for praying for the Divine assistance prior to the Battle of Valtetsi. In the construction, people form the nearby villages participated. Marble and stones were taken from the nearby mountains Kalogeriko and Rezeniko.
The Folklorical and Ethnological Museum whose building was the house of the local chieftain Stavros Tzavaras, shows a wide variety of instruments, typical dresses and valuable objects such as ancient pictures where the visitor may glance at the way of living of the villagers throughout the different years. A special section is dedicated to the 1821 Revolution and their heroes.
The Historical Tree of Kolokotronis is an old platanus located in the central square of the village where according to the legend, the archistratigos sat under the shadow and planned the whole operation of the Siege of Tripolitsa. It is said that they gave to each of their kapetaneoi the special commands under this historical tree. The myth tells that under the shade of the old platanus the future of the whole modern Greece was decided.
See also
List of settlements in Arcadia
List of traditional settlements of Greece
Notes
Valtetsi
Populated places in Arcadia, Peloponnese
The 1939 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 15th season in the Victorian Football League and 38th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
The early 1930s Renault commercial vehicles were a range of modular chassis produced by Renault, sold under various configurations, primarily trucks, buses and coaches. The range was the first from Renault to get diesel engines and it abandoned previous design styles from the company. The range was gradually replaced from 1935 onwards by the ACx and ADx light range, the ABx medium range and the ZP bus/coach.
History and overview
Beginnings of the early 1930s range
At the end of 1930, Renault ended production of its last "coalscuttle"-bonneted (with the radiator behind the engine) commercial vehicles, adopting more vertical grilles and, in some models, vertical slits on both sides of the engine compartment, as the radiator was moved ahead. At the same time, it was introducing its first diesel engines for road transport. These engines were a 7-litre inline-four and a 10.5-litre inline-six, both with direct injection. The inline-four was initially used on Renault's heavy trucks from 1930, and the inline-six was introduced in 1931. The engines had been extensively tested for two years and its development had as base Renault's experience on diesel marine engines, which allowed the company to create its own diesel engine technology instead of purchasing it to foreign manufacturers, as most of its French competitors did. The production of Renault's commercial range at the time was heavily modularised, with many standardised pieces, improving economies of scale, quality on mass production and also simplifying parts replacement.
The light and mid-range commercial vehicles for 1931 were largely made up from evolutions of existing models: the RY and KZ (both with payloads under 1 tonne), the OS (1.3-1.8 tonne payload), the PR (2 tonnes payload), the SX (2 tonnes payload), and the SZ (3 tonnes payload). The upper ranges had a mix of new and updated but old models, including the TL (4 tonnes payload), TR (5.5 tonnes payload), TS (7.5 tonnes payload), TI, and two tractor units (SY and TT).
Range expansion
For 1932, the lower range consisted on further upgraded vehicles, using inline-four (all except SX and SZ) and inline-six (SX and SZ) petrol engines. Most of the upper range used the already mentioned diesel engines and two petrol ones: a 6-litre inline-four and a 9.1-litre inline-six. The TI (5.5 tonnes payload) and the UD (7.5 tonnes payload) mounted the four engines, the TS (8 tonnes payload) only the inline-four ones, and the 6x2 VT (12 tonnes payload) only the inline-six. The range was completed by two tractor units: the TT (hauling capacity of up to 15 tonnes), using the four upper range engines; and the SY (hauling capacity of up to 6 tonnes), using the engine mounted on the SX-SZ.
About 1931–1932, Renault unveiled a new 3.8 inline-four diesel engine called the C-90, to be used in future vehicles. It also introduced short-lived 6×4 petrol-engined trucks with articulated suspension: the UC (7-tonne payload or tractor unit up to 15 tonnes) and the UR (4-tonne payload).
For the 1933 models, there were some changes compared to the ones for 1932: a new light vehicle called YP (0.75 tonnes payload), a new KZ chassis more focused on commercial use, the discontinuation of the TS. Renault also introduced vehicles with new diesel and petrol engines: the YF, replacing the SZ, and the YG tractor unit, replacing the SY. For 1934, Renault removed the SX, replacing it with the ZY (ZYAC, inline-four petrol, 2.5 tonnes payload) and started to phase out the PR, exchanging it for most uses with a new 2-tonne chassis, the ZJ, which was subject to less taxes and restrictions. A ZY version (ZYDC) received a new diesel engine, and both petrols and diesels for all the models were updated. The TI lost its inline-six petrol engine and the TT all its inline-four ones. A VT-based heavy truck, the ZF, was added to the lineup.
The French military commissioned various vehicles from Renault's commercial range, including the UD, the YF, the TI, and the PR.
End of the early 1930s range
By 1934, the French government established various restrictions on commercial vehicles. As a result of these, Renault began to introduce forward control designs, replacing the normal control (conventional cabin) it had been using in the early 1930s. At the 1934 Paris Salon, the company unveiled two forward control units for 1935: the ABF (5-tonne payload truck), the ZP (a coach), and announced a third, the ABG tractor unit (hauling capacity of up to 10 tonnes), which was unveiled at the Brussels Salon of that year. The petrol-engined versions of the TT and the VT were removed from the lineup. For 1935 Renault also retired its last flathead petrol engines from the commercial range and gave minor updates to the diesel ones. Lastly, the company introduced a new YF-based coach, the ZI.
At the 1935 Paris Salon, Renault presented basically the same 1935 range for 1936. In practice, all the early 1930s commercial vehicles up to 3.5 tonnes payload were discontinued during the 1935–1936 period, its boxy styling replaced with the more curvy Renault ACx and ADx range. Most normal-control commercial vehicles over 3.5 tonnes payload were also discontinued, the exception being the UD, which subsisted on the lineup until 1937. A TI variant (the TI 4 AE) was produced for the military until 1938.
Technical details
1931 lineup
The Renault's commercial vehicle range for 1931 has gross combined weight ratings of up to 8.5 tonnes (for rigid trucks) and 16 tonnes (for tractor units with towed cargo). The bus/coach bodywork variants can carry between 10 (OS model) and up to 40 passengers (TI and TI models).
1932 lineup
The Renault's commercial vehicle range for 1932 has about a dozen of different chassis configurations, with gross combined weight ratings of up to 14 tonnes (for rigid trucks) and 20 tonnes (for tractor units with towed cargo). The bus/coach bodywork variants can carry between 12 (OS model) and up to 45 passengers (TI model).
1933 lineup
The Renault's commercial vehicle range for 1933 has the same maximum gross combined weight ratings of the previous range. Some bus/coach variants got improvements on chassis and suspension.
1935 lineup
The Renault's commercial vehicle range for 1935 has about twenty three different chassis configurations, with a gross combined weight rating of up 20 tonnes. The bus/coach bodywork variants can carry between 14 (OS model) and up to 36 passengers (ZP model). Various models' chassis were modified to comply with the French law.
Notes
References
Renault vehicles
The Cameroon Red Cross Society (CRC, ) was established on 30 April 1960. It has its headquarters in Yaoundé and is headed by William Eteki Mboumoua.
References
External links
Cameroon Red Cross Society Profile
Official Red Cross Web Site
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
1960 establishments in French Cameroon
Organizations established in 1960
Medical and health organizations based in Cameroon
Miguel Azeez (born 20 September 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for UD Ibiza, on loan from Arsenal.
Club career
Azeez started their career with Arsenal's youth academy at the age of 5. On 24 September 2019, Azeez was given a professional contract by Arsenal. They made their first team debut on 10 December 2020, replacing Joe Willock in the 83rd minute of a 4–2 UEFA Europa League win away to Irish side Dundalk at the Aviva Stadium.
On 30 August 2021, Azeez joined EFL League One club Portsmouth on loan for the remainder of the season. They made their debut for the club on 18 September 2021 against Cambridge United, but was substituted after 59 minutes as Portsmouth lost 2–1. They scored their first goal for the club on 9 November 2021 in an EFL Trophy tie against Crystal Palace U21s. Arsenal recalled Azeez from Portsmouth on 17 January 2022.
On 1 September 2022, Azeez was loaned to Spanish Segunda División side UD Ibiza for the season.
International career
Azeez was born in England to a Nigerian father and a Spanish mother. Azeez has represented England at under-16, under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-20 levels.
Personal life
Azeez was born in England to a Nigerian father and Spanish mother. Their older brother Femi plays as a professional footballer for Reading.
Career statistics
References
2002 births
Living people
English footballers
England youth international footballers
English sportspeople of Nigerian descent
English people of Spanish descent
Association football midfielders
Arsenal F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
UD Ibiza players
English Football League players
English expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
English expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Graeme Leslie Stephens is director of the center for climate sciences at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology and professor of earth observation the University of Reading.
Education
Stephens was educated at the University of Melbourne in Australia where they received a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics 1973 in followed by a PhD in meteorology in 1977.
Career and research
Stephens research has provided leadership in three major disciplinary areas of Earth sciences:
Atmospheric radiation and radiative transfer
Earth observations and remote sensing
Understanding critical cloud-climate feedbacks and related effects on the Earth's energy budget
Stephens has pioneered quantitative uses of global Earth observations and combined this with theory to study Earth's climate change feedback. They provided leadership in designing and developing international satellite programs exemplified by their creation and leadership of the decade long CloudSat satellite mission that is providing novel insights and understanding of the Earth's clouds, precipitation and their role in climate.
Awards and honours
Stephens was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering of the United States in 2015, received the Jule G. Charney Award of the American Meteorological Society for pioneering advances in understanding and measuring radiation processes and their role in climate, and received the Gold Medal of the International Radiation Commission in recognition of world leading contributions to the radiation community. They also received National Aeronautics Space Administration, Exceptional Public Service Medal.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2018.
References
Living people
Australian climatologists
Australian meteorologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Year of birth missing (living people)
Flerohopp is a village situated in Nybro Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 209 inhabitants in 2005.
Flerohopp grew up around the ironworks which had been founded in the town in 1725. The name Flerohopp comes from the names of the three founders of the factory: G.W. Fleetwood, G.F. Rothlieb and Caspar Dietrich Hoppenstedt. The ironworks was in use until 1880. In the same buildings the glassworks were established in 1892, which was operational until 1960. Glass was blown for laboratory work and lightbulbs.
References
Populated places in Kalmar County
During the 1925–26 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Third Division South and finished in 18th place, conceding a club record 94 goals.
Season summary
Brentford manager Fred Halliday overhauled the club's squad during the 1925 off-season, with all but seven players being released. Despite running a deficit of £6,000 (equivalent to £ in ), the board of directors pledged a "substantial sum of money" for the transfer of quality players and in came new goalkeeper John Thomson, four full backs, four half backs and new forwards Bill Finlayson and Bert Young. The club's colours were changed to the now-traditional red-and-white stripes, black shorts and black socks.
9 defeats from the opening 10 matches of the season left Brentford rooted to the bottom of the Third Division South and forward Reginald Parker (one of the club's highest scorers during the previous two seasons) elected to transfer to South Shields. Griffin Park was closed by the Football League for the first and only time due to crowd disturbance during a 6–1 thrashing at the hands of Brighton & Hove Albion on 12 September 1925. The ground was reopened 14 days later. The poor run ended with the first victory of the season on 17 October, 2–1 over Bristol Rovers. Five wins in the following seven matches lifted the Bees out of the re-election places, with forwards Jack Lane, Bill Finlayson and full back Percival Whitton (who had been deployed up front by manager Halliday) all coming into form, with half back Alex Graham converting a number of penalties.
By 20 February 1926, a run of just five defeats in 19 matches lifted Brentford to 13th in the table. The signing of forward Ernie Watkins from Southend United for a then-club record fee of £1,000 in January 1928 proved to be money well-spent, with Watkins scoring 11 goals in their first 12 matches, including a hat-trick in the Bees' biggest victory of the season, 5–1 versus Norwich City on 2 April. The Bees' form petered out in the final two months of the season, winning just 3 of the final 12 matches to finish 18th with the worst defensive record in the division. The 94 goals conceded during the 1925–26 season is a club record.
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Third Division South
FA Cup
Sources: Statto, 11v11, 100 Years Of Brentford
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1925–26 season.
Sources: Timeless Bees, Football League Players' Records 1888 to 1939, 100 Years Of Brentford
Coaching staff
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Goalscorers
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Cricketers are not included in this list.
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
General elections were held in Guinea on 1 January 1968 to elect a President and National Assembly. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Democratic Party of Guinea – African Democratic Rally as the sole legal party. Its leader Ahmed Sékou Touré was re-elected President unopposed, whilst in the National Assembly elections the party produced a list of 75 candidates for the 75 seats, which voters were asked to approve. Voter turnout was 99.7%.
Results
President
National Assembly
References
Presidential elections in Guinea
Guinea
General election
One-party elections
Single-candidate elections
Guinean general election
Mikhail Faerman (born 29 April 1955 in Bălți, Moldavian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian-Belgian classical pianist.
Career
Faerman started to study the piano at the age of three. In 1962, they were sent to sit for entrance examinations at the Central Music School of Moscow. Faerman was admitted to the class of Evgenia Yarmonenko. They entered the Moscow State Conservatory of Music at the age of 17 and studied there from 1972 to 1977 with distinguished Professor Jacob Flier.
In 1975, Faerman won the First Prize at the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition in Brussels.
In October 1978, as a Refusenik, Fearman tried to defect the Soviet Union. After winning the Queen Elisabeth Competition, they asked Belgium the permission to stay "for artistic freedom".
In 1979, Faerman became a professor at the Royal Conservatory of Mons in Belgium.
Since 1979, Faerman was regularly a member of the Jury at the Conservatories of Brussels, Liège, Luxembourg, Paris etc.
In March 1985, Faerman participated in the Jury of the International Competition in Épinal, France.
In September 1985, Faerman was invited to play the piano at the International Festival of Seoul in South Korea, where they gave a concert.
In November 1987, Faerman served as president of the Jury of the First European Piano Competition.
Since 1997, Faerman has been a professor of piano at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Brussels.
References
External links
Mikhail Faerman
1955 births
Living people
People from Bălți
Moldovan Jews
Soviet emigrants to Belgium
Belgian people of Moldovan-Jewish descent
Soviet classical pianists
Belgian classical pianists
Jewish classical pianists
21st-century classical pianists
Prize-winners of the Queen Elisabeth Competition
Brandon Swarzendruber (born April 2, 1985) is an American soccer player.
Career
College and Amateur
Swartzendruber played college soccer at Chandler-Gilbert Community College in Chandler, Arizona before transferring to Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas prior to their junior year. They earned All-Conference honors in at Midwestern State 2005, and in 2006 was an All-Conference and All-Region pick, a Division II All-American, and the Conference Offensive Player of the Year.
Swartzendruber spent their summers in Canada, where they enjoyed a successful amateur career, playing for Okanagan Challenge in the Pacific Coast Soccer League in 2005, and for Thunder Bay Chill in the USL Premier Development League in 2007 and 2008. Swartzendruber helped Thunder Bay win the 2008 PDL Championship, scoring 13 goals for the team in their final season.
Professional
Swartzendruber turned professional when they signed with Harrisburg City Islanders of the USL Second Division in 2009. They made their professional debut on April 18, 2009 in a 2-2 tie with Richmond Kickers, and scored their first professional goal on April 25, 2009 in a 3-1 win over the Western Mass Pioneers. They went on to score 4 goals in 18 appearances for Harrisburg—an impressive statistic when only playing 540 minutes all season. Swartzendruber also scored the lone goal for Harrisburg in a 3-1 friendly against Crystal Palace FC from the English Championship.
Swartzendruber returned to play for Thunder Bay Chill in the USL Premier Development League in 2010. They also played for the team in 2015 and 2017.
Honors
Thunder Bay Chill
USL Premier Development League Champions (1): 2008
References
External links
Harrisburg City Islanders bio
1985 births
Living people
American soccer players
Midwestern State Mustangs men's soccer players
Okanagan Challenge players
Thunder Bay Chill players
Penn FC players
Dayton Dutch Lions players
Phoenix Rising FC players
Soccer players from Colorado
USL League Two players
USL Second Division players
USL Championship players
Association football forwards
The western Mosquitofish (Gambusia affinis) is a North American freshwater fish, also known commonly, if ambiguously, as simply Mosquitofish or by its generic name, Gambusia, or by the common name gambezi. Its sister species, the eastern mosquitofish (Gambusia holbrooki) is also referred to by these names.
Mosquitofish are small in comparison to many other freshwater fish, with females reaching a maximum length of and males a maximum length of . The female can be distinguished from the male by their larger size and a gravid spot at the posterior of their abdomen. The name "Mosquitofish" was given because the fish eats mosquito larvae, and has been used more than any other fishes for the biological control of mosquitoes. Gambusia typically eat zooplankton, beetles, mayflies, caddisflies, mites, and other invertebrates; mosquito larvae make up only a small portion of their diet.
Mosquitofish were introduced directly into ecosystems in many parts of the world as a biocontrol to lower mosquito populations which in turn negatively affected many other species in each distinct bioregion. Mosquitofish in Australia are classified as a noxious pest and may have exacerbated the mosquito problem in many areas by outcompeting native invertebrate predators of mosquito larvae. Several counties in California distribute mosquitofish at no charge to residents with human-made fish ponds and pools as part of their mosquito abatement programs. The fish are made available to residents only and are intended to be used solely on their own property, not introduced into natural habitat. On 24 February 2014, Chennai Corporation in India introduced western mosquitofish in 660 ponds to control the mosquito population in freshwater bodies.
Fertilization is internal; the male secretes milt into the genital aperture of the female through their gonopodium. Within 16 to 28 days after mating, the female gives birth to about 60 young. The males reach sexual maturity within 43 to 62 days. The females, if born early in the reproductive season, reach sexual maturity within 21 to 28 days; females born later in the season reach sexual maturity the next season, in six to seven months.
Description
Mosquitofish are small and of a dull grey coloring, with a large abdomen, and have rounded dorsal and caudal fins and an upturned mouth. Sexual dimorphism is seen; mature females reach a maximum overall length of , while males reach only . Sexual dimorphism is also seen in the physiological structures of the body. The anal fins on adult females resemble the dorsal fins, while the anal fins of adult males are pointed. This pointed fin, referred to as a gonopodium, is used to deposit milt inside the female. Adult female mosquitofish can be identified by a gravid spot they possess on the posterior of their abdomens. Other species considered similar to G. affinis include Poecilia latipinna, Poecilia reticulata, and Xiphophorus maculatus; they are commonly misidentified as mosquitofish.
Naming and taxonomy
The mosquitofish is a member of the family Poeciliidae of order Cyprinodontiformes. The genus name Gambusia is derived from the Cuban Spanish term gambusino, meaning "useless". The common name, mosquitofish, is derived from their use for biological control of mosquitoes, which itself was based on early observations that, in certain circumstances, they can reduce mosquito abundances. Classification of the western mosquitofish has been difficult due to their similarity to the eastern mosquitofish, and according to ITIS (Integrated Taxonomic Information System), G. holbrooki (eastern mosquitofish) may be an invalid taxonomic name, and could be considered a subspecies of G. affinis.
Diet
Mosquitofish are diet generalists, but they are considered "larvivorous" because they consume the larvae of mosquitoes and other aquatic insects. Their diet consists of zooplankton, small insects and insect larvae, and detritus material. Mosquitofish feed on mosquito larvae at all stages of life, if mosquito larvae are available in the environment. Adult females can consume up to hundreds of mosquito larvae in one day. Maximum consumption rate in a day by one mosquitofish has been observed to be from 42%–167% of its own body weight. However, they can suffer mortality if fed only mosquito larvae, and survivors of this diet shows poor growth and maturation. As generalists, mosquitofish have also shown cannibalistic behavior on the young of their own species.
Habitat
The native range of the mosquitofish is from southern parts of Illinois and Indiana, throughout the Mississippi River and its tributary waters, to as far south as the Gulf Coast in the northeastern parts of Mexico. They are found most abundantly in shallow water protected from larger fish.
Mosquitofish can survive relatively inhospitable environments, and are resilient to low oxygen concentrations, high salt concentrations (up to twice that of seawater), and temperatures up to for short periods. Because of their notable adaptability to harsh conditions and their global introduction into many habitats for mosquito control, they have been described as the most widespread freshwater fish in the world. Some of their natural predators include the bass, catfish and bluegill.
Environmental impact
Mosquitofish were intentionally introduced in many areas with large mosquito populations to decrease the population of mosquitoes by eating the mosquito larvae. However, retrospectively, many introductions could be considered ill-advised; in most cases native fishes supplied control of mosquito populations, and introducing mosquitofish has been harmful to indigenous aquatic life. Mosquitofish introduction outside of their native range can also be harmful to ecosystems. Mosquitofish can consume or injure other small fish or otherwise harm them through competition. The ecological impacts of mosquitofish are partly dictated by their sex ratio, which can vary dramatically across their introduced range. Mosquitofish in Australia are considered noxious pests where they pose a threat to native fish and frog populations and little evidence indicates they have controlled mosquito populations or mosquito-borne diseases. They have been dubbed by scientists as "one of the most problematic animals on the planet".
However, from the 1920s to the 1950s, mosquitofish were considered by some to be a significant factor in eradicating malaria in South America, southern Russia, and Ukraine. Mosquitofish bred by Joice Loch were distributed through Greece, Serbia and the Middle east. On the coast of the Black Sea in Russia, the mosquitofish is commemorated for eradicating malaria by a monument in Sochi.
Mosquitofish are still employed for biological control of mosquitoes in some places. In 2008, in some parts of California and in Clark County, Nevada, mosquitofish were bred in aquariums so people could stock stagnant pools of water with the mosquitofish to reduce the number of West Nile virus cases.
Reproduction
Reproduction of the mosquitofish starts with the male arranging the rays of the gonopodium (modified anal fin) into a slight tube. The male mosquitofish uses this tubular fin to secrete milt into the female's genital aperture in the process of internal fertilization. The female's genital aperture is located just behind the anal fin and is an opening for the milt to fertilize the ova within the ovary. Mosquitofish are within the infraclass Teleostei and as all teleosts, mosquitofish lack a uterus, so production of oocytes and gestation occur within the ovary of a female mosquitofish. Inside the female, sperm from multiple males can be stored to later fertilize ova. Based on laboratory experiments, female mosquitofish become vitellogenic when springtime temperatures reach , and then the oocytes mature when the average temperature reaches about . Then late in the summer when the photoperiod is less than 12.5 hours long, the next clutch of oocytes develops. In one reproductive season, a female may fertilize, with stored milt, two to six broods of embryos, with the size of the brood decreasing as the season progresses. Reproduction rates are highly dependent on temperature and ration level. As temperature increases from 20 to 30 °C, mean age at first reproduction decreases from 191 to 56 days, and brood size and mass of offspring increase significantly. Interbrood interval estimates at 25 and 30 °C are 23 and 19 days, respectively.
Embryology
Mosquitofish have a 16- to 28-day gestation period. They are lecithotrophic, which means during gestation, nutrients are provided to the embryos by a yolk sac. If the gestation period is shorter, each newborn will at birth still have a yolk sac connected through a slit located on the ventral side of the body wall. Brood size of females depends on the size of the given female; larger females are more capable of a larger brood quantity than smaller females. Many females have a brood quantity of up to or more than 60 young. Mosquitofish are viviparous, which means after the gestation of a brood, the female will have live birth. In most cases, the newborn brood will have an equal male to female sex ratio.
Growth
After birth, newborn mosquitofish are about in length. As juveniles, they grow at a rate of about per day, but growth is highly temperature-dependent. Growth rates of juvenile mosquitofish reach their peak when the water temperature is within a range of , depending on resource availability. As temperatures rise above or dip below this range, growth rates decrease. Consistent temperatures at or above are typically lethal, while growth stops when temperatures are at or below . For male mosquitofish, sexual maturity is reached in about 43 to 62 days, but maturation age is also dependent on temperature and resources. Female mosquitofish reach sexual maturity in about 21 to 28 days if born early within the reproductive season. The lifespan of a mosquitofish averages less than a year and the maximum is about 1.5 years. However, mosquitofish kept as pets can live much longer, with owners reporting lifespans of over three years. Male mosquitofish lifespans are considerably shorter than females.
References
Bibliography
External links
FishBase:
ITIS: Gambusia affinis
Using Mosquitofish to Control Mosquito Larvae at About.com
Gambusia Control Homepage
Gambusia
Live-bearing fish
Freshwater fish of the United States
Freshwater fish of Mexico
Fish described in 1853
Taxa named by Spencer Fullerton Baird
Paweł Czychowski (born 19 July 1993) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Jaguar Gdańsk.
Senior career
Czychowski began their career with Lechia Gdańsk, playing with the Lechia second team for most of their time at the club, playing over 60 games and scoring 25 goals. In 2013 they joined Puszcza Niepołomice on loan for 6 months, where they played 7 games. They made their Lechia debut against Lech Poznań in 2014, in what turned out to be their only first team appearance for the club. In 2015 Czychowski made a move to Gryf Wejherowo, spending four seasons with the club. In 2019 they moved to GKS Przodkowo.
References
1993 births
Gryf Wejherowo players
Lechia Gdańsk players
Lechia Gdańsk II players
Polish footballers
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Sportspeople from Pomeranian Voivodeship
Association football forwards
Living people
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
IV liga players
During World War 2, the Bristol Aero Engine part of the Bristol Aeroplane Company was pre-occupied with developing and manufacturing radial piston engines, such as the Bristol Hercules and the more powerful Bristol Centaurus. However, in 1944 the Company decided to form a Project Department to investigate the design of gas turbines. Initially the department was based at Tockington Manor, a large country house close to the main factory at Patchway, Bristol. A predominantly young team was formed and was initially tasked with studying turboprop engines.
The Ministry of Supply asked BAE for design studies for a 1000 hp turboprop engine.
An early decision taken was to go for a centrifugal compressor configuration, because the engine would be so small that an axial unit would be challenging.
Sufficient overall pressure ratio was obtained by mounting two centrifugal compressors in series on the HP shaft. These were driven by a single stage turbine. Another important decision taken was to opt for a free power turbine. This delivered power to the forward mounted propeller reduction gearbox.
The two centrifugal compressors were mounted back-to-back, the outlet of the first unit being connected to the inlet of the second by four curved pipes. Four highly skewed combustion chambers were located between these pipes and discharged combustion gases into the turbine system located aft. The exhaust pipe was angled downwards. This reference shows an external view of the engine.
At some point the design became known as the Bristol Janus. BAE considered it to be a very compact and light engine
Later the Ministry of Supply asked for the design to be scaled down to an output of 500 hp, to avoid conflict with the projects of other manufacturers.
In the event, the Bristol Janus was never manufactured. However, the Project Department went on to design the Bristol Theseus, which became the first Bristol gas turbine to be actually manufactured and developed. It passed a Type Test and was also flight tested.
Applications
Some version of the Bristol Janus was offered as the powerplant for the twin-engined Bristol Type 173, but the prototypes of this helicopter were eventually powered by 550 hp Alvis Leonides 73 air-cooled 9-cylinder radial engines.
Variants
Scaled 500 hp variant
Specifications (Janus 1)
See also
List of aircraft engines
References
Notes
Bibliography
1940s turboprop engines
Theseus
Gas turbines
Merle Pertile (November 23, 1941 – February 21, 1997) was an American model and actor. They were Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its January 1962 issue.
Biography
Pertile was born on November 23, 1941, in Whittier, California and grew up in Indiana and Illinois. They attended and graduated from Hammond High School, Hammond, Indiana in 1959. Following graduation, they moved to Los Angeles, where they became a contract player with Universal Pictures and had guest spots on several TV shows.
During the second season of the Playboy's Penthouse TV series (1960–61), Pertile became a regular cast member. It was there that they first met Hugh Hefner.
According to The Playmate Book, Pertile died on November 28, 1997. They were married to Jed S. Levitt. They have a son, Krishna Joseph Levitt and a daughter, Kenya Johanna Levitt. They died on February 21, 1997, in Lake Arrowhead, California. The cause of death was complications following heart surgery.
See also
List of people in Playboy 1960–1969
References
External links
1941 births
1997 deaths
1960s Playboy Playmates
Actors from Whittier, California
The spottail pinfish (Diplodus holbrookii) is an ocean-going species of fish in the family Sparidae. It is also known as the Spottail seabream. Along with other members of their family, Spottail pinfish are occasionally eaten and considered by some to be a panfish.
Taxonomy and naming
The Spottail pinfish was described in 1878 by Tarleton Hoffman Bean, an ichthyologist who worked mainly on the Connecticut coast. They originally placed it in the genus Sargus, but it was later moved to Diplodus. Bean named the Spottail pinfish after John Edwards Holbrook, a zoologist who had died 7 years before.
Description
Spottail pinfish are almost totally gray in color, with a large, black spot on the distal end of the caudal peduncle. This is similar to other members of its genus, Diplodus annularis and Diplodus sargus -though D. sargus has several vertical bars that the Spottail pinfish does not.
Distribution and habitat
Spottail pinfish are exclusive to the western Atlantic ocean. They can be found from Chesapeake bay to southern Florida. Spottail pinfish are also known from the northern Gulf of Mexico, but are not known from the West Indies. There are only questionable reports from Cuba.
Spottail pinfish are common to shallow waters (only as deep as 28m) near coasts, such as bays and harbors, though only rarely in brackish areas. They prefer flat, vegetated bottoms such as beds of seagrass, where they feed on a mixture of plants (such as Thalassia) and small invertebrates.
Behavior
Spottail pinfish school in small numbers, but generally mix with many other species such as the Porkfish,
Gray snapper, Bluestriped grunt, Sailor's grunt, and the Bucktooth parrotfish.
Fishing
Spottail pinfish readily eat several baits such as shrimp (live or artificial), squid, and clams. Usually they are a pest fish when trying to catch a larger fish.
References
External links
spotted pinfish
Fauna of the Southeastern United States
Fish of the Gulf of Mexico
spotted pinfish
Harald Eggers (born 7 July 1942) is a German sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics representing East Germany. Eggers became East German 100 metres champion in 1966 and 1967, and 200 metres champion in 1967. They represented the club SC Leipzig.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Athletes from Berlin
German male sprinters
Olympic athletes of East Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
SC Leipzig athletes
Gaviphosa is a monotypic genus of south Asian ground spiders containing the single species, Gaviphosa kera. It was first described by P. M. Sankaran and J. T. D. Caleb in 2021, and it has only been found in India.
See also
List of Gnaphosidae species
References
Monotypic Gnaphosidae genera
Spiders of the Indian subcontinent
The Miami Heat is an American professional basketball team based in Miami. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team joined the NBA in 1988 as an expansion team with the Charlotte Hornets, and won its first NBA championship in 2006. The team played its home games at the Miami Arena until 2000, and have played its home games at the American Airlines Arena since then. The Heat is owned by Micky Arison.
There have been six head coaches for the Heat franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Ron Rothstein, who served for three seasons with the Heat. Pat Riley, having coached the Heat for eleven seasons in two stints, is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (849), the most regular-season game wins (454), the most playoff games coached (50), and the most playoff-game wins (26); Erik Spoelstra is the franchise's all-time leader for the highest winning percentage in the regular season (.707) and total wins (607). Riley is the only Heat head coach to be named one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history, to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, having won it in the end to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach, having been elected into the Hall of Fame in 2008. Spoelstra is the only Heat head coach to have spent their entire NBA coaching career with the Heat, and has been the head coach of the Heat since 2008.
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Heat. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coaches
Meca astralis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Meca. Both the species and genus were described by Ferdinand Karsch in 1900. It is known from southern Cameroon.
References
Moths described in 1900
Pyralinae
Austroaeschna speciosa is a species of dragonfly in the family Telephlebiidae,
known as the tropical unicorn darner. It is known to be present only in the mountainous regions of north-east Queensland, Australia. It appears very similar to the more widespread Austroaeschna unicornis (unicorn darner) which inhabits areas in southern Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
Description
The tropical unicorn darner is a large dragonfly with a body length around 80mm and wing-span of 100mm. The abdomen on segments 3 to 8 is black and reddish-brown, heavily marked with pale yellow spots or patches. The synthorax is reddish-brown with prominent yellow stripes darkly outlined. The prominent eyes are pale grey to green, meeting at the top of the head.
The wings are clear and the pterostigma are yellow.
Habitat
The tropical unicorn darner inhabits rocky sections of stream and rivers.
Gallery
Notes
The Australian Biological Resources Study has Austroaeschna speciosa listed as a species in the family Telephlebiidae, with the synonym of Austroaeschna (Austroaeschna) speciosa.
The Catalogue of Life has the tropical unicorn darner listed as a subspecies of Austroaeschna unicornis in the family Aeshnidae.
References
Telephlebiidae
Odonata of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by Bror Yngve Sjöstedt
Insects described in 1917
Ray Still (March 12, 1920 – March 12, 2014) was an American classical oboist. They were the principal oboe of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra for 40 years, from 1953–1993.
Early life
They were born March 12, 1920 in Elwood, Indiana, and moved to Los Angeles as a teenager. They started studying the clarinet at 14, and volunteered as an usher at Los Angeles Philharmonic concerts, where they heard the Belgian oboist Henri de Busscher, whose “singing” style inspired them to switch to the oboe at 16. Their first oboe teacher was Philip Memoli, who played second oboe to de Busscher in the Los Angeles Philharmonic.
From 1941-1943, Still was a member of the US Army Signal Corps Reserves and studied electrical engineering at Pacific States University. They were in the US Army from 1943–1946, and worked mainly in radar. Still enrolled in the Juilliard School of Music in New York in the summer of 1946 and attended for almost two years. They studied oboe at first with Bruno Labate, and later with Robert Bloom, the principal oboist for Arturo Toscanini's NBC Symphony, even though Bloom did not teach at Juilliard.
Performing career
Still's style of oboe playing had elements of both the more relaxed European style and the more controlled American style, with the singing tone they admired in de Busscher, Labate, and Bloom. For example, one of their students, Michael Rosenberg, has played in German orchestras, where the American style is not popular. The American style came primarily from Marcel Tabuteau, who had taught Robert Bloom at the Curtis Institute; Still said that up to the early 1970s, they were the only principal oboist in a major US orchestra who had not studied with Tabuteau. They were most flattered when reviewers compared them to great singers, as a reviewer in London did when they played oboe concerti with the Academy of London in 1985, or to great jazz musicians, as a reviewer did in a review of their recording of the Bach Wedding Cantata.
Their oboe positions with professional orchestras were:
Second oboe with the Kansas City Philharmonic from 1939-1941.
Principal oboe in the Buffalo Philharmonic under William Steinberg, 1947-1949.
Principal oboe with the Baltimore Symphony under Reginald Stewart and Massimo Freccia, 1949-1953.
In 1953 they were hired by Fritz Reiner, the recently appointed music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. The position was assistant first oboe, but they moved up to principal oboe in 1954. They stayed in that position until 1993, later playing under music directors Jean Martinon from 1963–1968, Georg Solti from 1969–1991, and Daniel Barenboim from 1991-1993.
The only gap in 40 years with the Chicago Symphony came when they were fired by Martinon in May 1967. Still fought the firing, the case went to arbitration, and they were rehired seven months later.
Still also had an extensive career performing and recording chamber music, including at the Aspen Music Festival in Colorado, the Marlboro Festival in Vermont, and the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Ontario, Canada, which used to include a music festival. They performed and coached students at numerous other music festivals in Europe, Japan, China, Korea, and Mexico.
Their oboe teaching positions included:
Peabody Institute in Baltimore from 1949–1953
Roosevelt University in Chicago from 1954–1957
Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois; Professor of music from 1960–2003
Northwestern invited them to present a series of master classes in 2010 in honor of their 90th birthday, an event that was also observed the week of their birthday on the Chicago classical music radio station WFMT. WFMT played many of their recordings and a two-hour audio documentary about their career that week.
They had many private students as well. Many of their students went on to play in major orchestras and teach at major universities around the world. Their former students include Sherie Aguirre, Stephen Caplan, Ricardo Castaneda, Mark Christianson, Peter Cooper, John Dee, Marc Gordon, Michael Henoch, Yoko Kojima, Humbert Lucarelli, Patrick McFarland, Jane Marvine, Robert Morgan, Nora Post, Christopher Raphael, Michael Rosenberg, Grover Schiltz, Mark Seerup, Ian Shafer, Robert Sheena, Carl Sonik, Linda Strommen, Rudy Vrbsky, and Keisuke Wakao.
Retirement
Following their retirement from Northwestern in 2003, they moved to Annapolis, Maryland, with their beloved wife Mary and son James to live near family. They continued to give master classes and lessons there. Mary and James died in 2012. In 2013, they moved to Saxtons River and later Woodstock, Vermont, to live near family. They died in Woodstock, Vermont, on their 94th birthday (March 12, 2014), surrounded by family and listening to Bach's St. Matthew Passion.
Selected discography
Strauss Oboe Concerto, Bach Oboe d'amore Concerto BWV 1055, Marcello Oboe Concerto, and three Bach Sinfonias; Academy of London, conducted by Richard Stamp. Virgin Classics/Virgo.
Mozart Oboe Concerto, K 314, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado, Deutsche Grammophon. Cadenzas by Thomas Still (his son).
Bach “Double” Concerto for Violin & Oboe in D minor, BWV 1060R, with Itzhak Perlman and the Israel Philharmonic. Angel.
Bach: Brandenburg Concerto No. 2, BWV 1047; Brandenburg Concerto No. 5, BWV 1050 (no oboe); Cantata No. 202 "Wedding Cantata" (latter with Kathleen Battle, soprano); Chicago Symphony Orchestra at the Ravinia Festival, James Levine, conductor, & harpsichord solo in No. 5. RCA.
RAY STILL: A Chicago Legend. Baroque Oboe Sonatas by J. S. Bach, Handel, Telemann and Vivaldi. Ray Still, oboe; Leonard Sharrow (bassoon, in Handel, Telemann & Vivaldi); Robert Conant (harpsichord, in Telemann & Vivaldi); Thomas Still (harpsichord, in Bach). Nimbus.
Mozart Serenade No. 11, K 375 for Wind Octet, and four of Grieg's Lyric Pieces arranged for wind octet. Chicago Symphony Winds (organized and led by Still), LP only, Sheffield Lab, recorded direct to disk, 1983.
Mozart Quintet for Piano and Winds, K 452, with James Levine piano, Clark Brody clarinet, Dale Clevenger horn, and Willard Elliot bassoon. Music from Ravinia Vol. 3 (members of Chicago Symphony); LP only. (with Mozart Piano Quartet K. 478)
Oboe quartets by Mozart, Wanhal, JC Bach, and Stamitz, with Itzhak Perlman violin, Pinchas Zukerman viola, and Lynn Harrell cello. LP only, EMI, 1981. The Mozart quartet recording has been on CD in some Perlman box sets.
Mozart Oboe Quartet, K 370, with members of the Fine Arts Quartet. Concert Disc LP, 1958 (with Mozart horn quintet), and Boston Skyline CD, 1996 (with Mozart flute quartets).
Poulenc Trio for piano, oboe, and bassoon and Schumann Romances, with Milan Turković, bassoon in the Poulenc, and John Perry, piano. Telefunken, LP only.
Hindemith Sonata for oboe and piano. With viola and bassoon sonatas by Hindemith. John Perry, piano. Telefunken, LP only.
They played principal oboe on almost all of the recordings by the Chicago Symphony from 1954–1993, and they played principal oboe in the opera “Samson and Delilah” recorded with the NBC Symphony under Stokowski in the early 1950s, filling in for Robert Bloom.
References
External links
Still's web site http://www.raystill.com
Complete discography http://www.raystill.com/discography
Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ray-Still/371214449626
Ray Still obituary on From the Archives
with Ray Still , May 6, 1994
1920 births
2014 deaths
American classical oboists
Male oboists
Juilliard School alumni
Northwestern University faculty
People from Elwood, Indiana
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century American male musicians
Déirdre de Búrca (born 22 October 1963) is a former Irish Green Party politician who served as a Senator from 2007 to 2010, after being Nominated by the Taoiseach.
They were a Wicklow County Councillor and a Bray Town Councillor from 1999 to 2007.
Background
Born in Cork, they grew up in Loughlinstown, County Dublin, where they attended Ursuline Convent, Cabinteely (now Cabinteely Community School), and Carysfort College where they qualified as a primary school teacher. They later studied psychology at University College Dublin and worked for Rehab Ireland as a psychologist.
They were a member of Wicklow County Council and Bray Town Council for the Green Party. They were first elected in 1999 for the Bray district, and was returned with an increased vote in 2004, when they were also returned to the Town Council.
De Búrca attracted controversy when it was found they were recording a meeting of Wicklow County Council. They claimed the meetings were being held in an undemocratic fashion, and Councillors were not sufficiently accountable, particularly in relation to planning and rezoning decisions.
They ran for election to Dáil Éireann on two occasions but was not elected: at the 2002 general election for the Wicklow constituency, and also at the 2007 general election in the same constituency.
They unsuccessfully contested the 2009 European Parliament election for the Dublin constituency.
Senator
They were nominated by the Taoiseach Bertie Ahern to Seanad Éireann on 3 August 2007, as part of an agreement made by the Green Party under the Programme for Government. They were also appointed as a member of Joint Oireachtas Committee on European Affairs.
They unsuccessfully contested the 2009 European Parliament as the Green Party candidate for the Dublin constituency. They received 19,086 first preference votes (4.7%) and was eliminated before their former party colleague Patricia McKenna.
Resignation from the Seanad
De Búrca resigned from the Green Party parliamentary party and their seat in the Seanad on 12 February 2010. They stated that they believed "that we have gradually abandoned our political values and our integrity and in many respects have become no more than an extension of Fianna Fáil" and that they had lost confidence in John Gormley as party leader. The Green Party issued a statement stating that they were disappointed by De Búrca's decision but that the party would continue to implement its policies in government. They said that their failure to get a job in the cabinet of Irish European Commissioner Máire Geoghegan-Quinn was a trigger for their resignation from the Seanad but was not the cause of their decision.
References
1963 births
Living people
20th-century Irish people
Alumni of Carysfort College
Alumni of University College Dublin
Green Party (Ireland) senators
Irish schoolteachers
Local councillors in County Wicklow
Members of the 23rd Seanad
21st-century women members of Seanad Éireann
People from County Cork
Politicians from County Dublin
Nominated members of Seanad Éireann
Monarchy of Ceylon may refer to:
List of Sri Lankan monarchs
The Sinhalese monarchy
The period of Sri Lankan history in which the Dominion of Ceylon shared a monarch with the United Kingdom.
Kelly Hogan (born January 11, 1965) is an American singer-songwriter, often known for their work as a member of Neko Case's backing band, as well as for their solo work.
Early and personal life
Hogan was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the daughter of a Vietnam War Army veteran helicopter pilot who went on to become a police officer. Hogan's parents divorced, with their mother later remarrying and relocating to Rutledge, Georgia while their father still lived in Douglasville, Georgia as of 2012.
Hogan is the oldest sister in their family. They have younger brothers. None of Hogan's family are musicians. Because both their parents worked, Hogan and their siblings spent most of their time with their grandmother in their apartment in midtown/downtown Atlanta growing up, where they listened to country music station WPLO. Music was constantly playing in their own home as well. They went to high school in Douglasville, Georgia. Although painfully shy, Hogan eventually auditioned for chorus, going to All State Chorus every year. In addition to being active in chorus and drama, Hogan started singing in bars when they were in high school.
Hogan often goes by the moniker "Hogan."  They are an avid dog lover, and used to tend bar and tour accompanied by their late dog Augie. Hogan has a Jim Stacy lower-back tattoo that says "singers get all the pussy." After living in Evansville, Wisconsin, for eight years, Hogan returned to Chicago's Humboldt Park neighborhood in 2016.
Musical career
The Jody Grind
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Hogan sang with the cabaret, country, jazz, and punk band The Jody Grind (a Cabbagetown, Atlanta, Georgia, band originated by Bill Taft), singing on their full-lengths One Man's Trash Is Another Man's Treasure (1990) and Lefty's Deceiver (1992). The Jody Grind toured with singer Robyn Hitchcock. The group disbanded after two of its members were killed in a car crash.
Rock*A*Teens
In the mid-1990s, Hogan joined the indie rock band Rock*A*Teens, another Cabbagetown area band, appearing on their 1996 EP and the 1997 full-length Cry. Kelly Hogan played guitar and sang backing vocals in the band from 1994 to 1997. After the release of Cry, Hogan left the Rock*A*Teens and relocated from Atlanta to Chicago.
Solo career
Them debut solo record, The Whistle Only Dogs Can Hear, was released in 1996, and contained covers of songs by Will Oldham and Vic Chesnutt.
Hogan released their first record for Bloodshot Records entitled Beneath the Country Underdog in 2000. The record, "brilliantly intuitive readings of other people's songs," was produced by Jon Langford (Mekons, Waco Brothers). The Pine Valley Cosmonauts were their backing band.
Them second solo Bloodshot release, Because It Feels Good, was released in 2001 and was produced by Hogan and former Sugar bassist David Barbe. At the time of this record's release, rock critic Peter Margasak described Hogan as "principally an interpreter, capable of wringing more from a cover than most people can find in their own material," even though with this release they wrote two songs (with Andy Hopkins) on the record.
There was a comprehensive fan club page and mailing list focused on Kelly Hogan until 2006.
Hogan released their most recent solo record—and first record in 11 years, I Like To Keep Myself in Pain, on ANTI- in 2013. The album is a collection of songs either written for them or chosen for them by songwriter friends Andrew Bird, Vic Chesnutt, Jon Langford, Stephin Merritt, M. Ward, and others. The title track was written by Robyn Hitchcock. For the recording of this record, "a dream-team band" was assembled: organist Booker T. Jones, drummer James Gadson (Bill Withers, Beck), bassist Gabe Roth (The Dap-Kings), guitarist Scott Ligon (NRBQ). They recorded at EastWest Studios (Pet Sounds) in Hollywood, California.
As of 2021, Hogan continues to occasionally perform as singer/bandleader, especially in Chicago, often with accompanying musicians such as Nora O'Connor and Andy Hopkins, and with the Flat Five.
Collaborations
Neko Case
In 1998, Hogan joined singer-songwriter Neko Case's band, recording and touring with the band as a vocalist. Hogan continued to tour with Case, as of 2014. On their ongoing relationship with Neko Case: "We hit it off immediately when we met. We just spoke the same language." Hogan and Case sing "These Aren't the Droids" on the charity comedy album 2776 (2014). Hogan and Nora O'Connor accompanied Case in the song "Bad Luck", and accompanying video, from Case's 2018 album Hell-On.
Decemberists
In 2015, Hogan was a backing singer on the Decemberists' What a Terrible World, What a Beautiful World album, and also sang on the tour to support the album's release. Hogan also sang backing vocals on the Decemberists' 2018 album I'll Be Your Girl and the album's subsequent supporting tour.
Others' recordings
Hogan appears on records by Mavis Staples, The Mekons, Will Oldham, Matt Pond PA, Amy Ray, Giant Sand, Archer Prewitt, Alejandro Escovedo, Drive-By Truckers, Jakob Dylan, and Tortoise, among others. These recordings include:
Silkworm – Italian Platinum (2002)
Jakob Dylan – Women and Country (2010)
Mavis Staples – You Are Not Alone (2010)
Alejandro Escovedo – Burn Something Beautiful (2016)
Other projects
The Flat Five: a "song interpreters" band made up of Kelly Hogan, Nora O'Connor, Scott Ligon, Casey McDonough and Alex Hall, typically performed annually at the Hideout (Chicago) holiday show. In 2016 The Flat Five released their 12-song debut album, It's a World of Love and Hope, on Bloodshot Records, and started performing in public more frequently, at the Hideout and elsewhere. Also on Bloodshot, they released a single, of Edgar Allen Poe's "The Raven" set to music, in 2017. The Flat Five released a second album, Another World, in 2020 on Pravda Records. Every song on both albums was written by Scott Ligon's older brother Chris.
The Lamentations: gospel duo with Kelly Hogan and Nora O'Connor.
Lipstick and Dynamite, Piss and Vinegar: The First Ladies of Wrestling: contributed songs to documentary film by Ruth Leitman, their friend (and former landlord from Cabbagetown), about women wrestlers
The Love Hall Tryst – Songs of Misfortune: mostly a cappella British folk music performed by indie supergroup composed of originator John Wesley Harding, Kelly Hogan, Nora O'Connor, and Brian Lohmann.
Wee Hairy Beasties: children's music group based in Chicago, created by Jon Langford and comprising Jon Langford, Sally Timms, Kelly Hogan, and Devil in a Woodpile. They played their first gig together at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago, and released two albums in 2006 and 2008.
The Wooden Leg: jazz band, made up of Kelly Hogan, guitarist Joel Paterson, organist Scott Ligon, and drummer Kevin O'Donnell, that played regularly at the Hideout (Chicago) in a three-year-long residency during the first decade of the 21st century.
WXRT radio station: For airplay, Hogan recorded a cover song a week for an entire year. Hogan also became one of three DJs for a popular WXRT show called "The Eclectic Company."
Discography
A select discography:
Appalachian Christmas (Cast album) (Theatrical Outfit, 1994)
The Whistle Only Dogs Can Hear (Long Play Records, 1996)
Beneath the Country Underdog (Bloodshot Records, 2000)
Because it Feels Good (Bloodshot Records, 2001)
I Like To Keep Myself in Pain (ANTI-, 2012)
Compilation contributions
"13 Nights" – Down to the Promised Land: 5 Years of Bloodshot Records- as Kelly Hogan & the Pine Valley Cosmonauts (Bloodshot, 2000)
"1,000,001" (by The Sadies/Kelly Hogan) Making Singles, Drinking Doubles (Bloodshot, 2002)
"Hanky Panky Woman" (by J. Owen/L. Johnson) Making Singles, Drinking Doubles – as Kelly Hogan & the Mellocremes (Bloodshot, 2002)
"It's Only Make Believe" (by J. Nance/C. Twitty) Making Singles, Drinking Doubles – as Kelly Hogan & John Wesley Harding (Bloodshot, 2002)
"Chicken Road" – For A Decade of Sin: 11 Years of Bloodshot Records – as Kelly Hogan & the Wooden Leg (Bloodshot, 2005)
"Gotta Have My Baby Back" – Too Late to Pray: Defiant Chicago Roots (Bloodshot, 2019)
Acting career
During the mid-1990s, Hogan performed in starring roles in the stage productions of Appalachian Christmas and The Dead Sea Scrolls and Other Chilling Tales of the Sea at Theatrical Outfit in Atlanta.
In 1995, Hogan played Simon Zealotes in the Indigo Girls' revival of the musical Jesus Christ Superstar.
In 2008, Hogan lent their voice to the season 5 episode of the adult animated television series Aqua Teen Hunger Force, Sirens, in which they (as "The B.J. Queen") and Neko Case (as "Chrysanthemum") take the role of sirens who have taken former Philadelphia Phillies first baseman John Kruk (as himself) captive for arcane sexual purposes.
In 2013, Neko Case and Hogan performed on Wits, singing songs and acting out comedy skits.
Other work
From 1998 to 2008 Hogan worked as a bartender at The Hideout, a music venue in Chicago known for putting on an annual block party in September. Circa 2000 they also worked as a technician at a Chicago veterinary clinic. They also worked publicity for Bloodshot Records.
As of 2013, Hogan once again was working as an assistant for their friend, American cartoonist and author, Lynda Barry, helping them arrange their teaching schedule. In one episode of Barry's Ernie Pook's Comeek, children are peering in a window of the Hideout nightclub in Chicago, listening to Hogan's band The Wooden Leg.
See also
Bloodshot Records
Neko Case
Nora O'Connor
Pine Valley Cosmonauts
Notes and references
External links
KellyHogan.com (official website)
Hogan Here (stories written by Hogan)
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
American alternative country singers
Torch singers
American alternative country groups
The Minus 5 members
Musicians from Atlanta
Writers from Atlanta
Musical groups from Chicago
People from Evansville, Wisconsin
Bloodshot Records artists
1965 births
Living people
Singer-songwriters from Illinois
Anti- (record label) artists
Country musicians from Illinois
Country musicians from Georgia (U.S. state)
21st-century American women
Singer-songwriters from Georgia (U.S. state)
Singer-songwriters from Wisconsin
This is the list of the Badminton players who participated at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 11–20 August 2016.
External links
http://olympics.bwfbadminton.com/
https://www.olympic.org/athletes
References
2016 Summer Olympics
Badminton at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Badminton
Peculator is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutomitridae, one family of mitres.
Species
Species within the genus Peculator include:
Peculator baccatus Cernohorsky, 1980
Peculator hedleyi (Murdoch, 1905)
Peculator obconicus (Powell, 1952)
Peculator porphyria (Verco, 1896)
Peculator verconis Iredale, 1924
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Y. Kantor, 2010, Checklist of Recent Volutomitridae
GBIF
Volutomitridae
Extant Miocene first appearances
Anodyne was an American hardcore band active from 1997 to 2005. Their music was characterized by chaotic song structures coupled with layers of feedback and noise similar to bands like Kiss It Goodbye, Today is the Day and Black Flag. The lyrics were broodingly introspective and emotional. The band went through several lineup changes before arriving at the definitive line up of Mike Hill, Joshua Scott, and Joel Stallings. Drummer Joel Stallings is notable for introducing blast beats to the band's sound, which were often employed later in the band's existence. Anodyne was affiliated with a number of independent record labels including Escape Artist, Level Plane, and Chainsaw Safety. They completed several US tours and one European Tour. Members went on to perform in Versoma, Tombs and Defeatist.
Discography
Albums
Quiet Wars CD (1999, Escape Artist Records)
The Outer Dark CD/LP (2002, Escape Artist Records)
Lifetime Of Gray Skies CD/LP (2004, Level Plane Records)
The First Four Years CD (2004, Blackbox Recordings)
EPs
Anodyne 7" (1998, Reproductive Records)
Red Was Them Favorite Color 7" (2001, Happy Couples Never Last)
Berkowitz 7" (2001, Alone Records)
Anodyne/Keelhaul 7" (2002, Chainsaw Safety Records)
Salo 10" (2003, Insolito Recordings)
Salo CD (2003, Init Records)
Anodyne/Defcon 4 7" (2003, Ammonia Records)
External links
http://exclaim.ca/Reviews/Metal/anodyne-lifetime_of_gray_skies
https://web.archive.org/web/20110710162457/http://www.earache.com/WickedWorld/interview/anodyne/anodyne.html
http://www.answers.com/topic/lifetime-of-gray-skies
https://web.archive.org/web/20090107182019/http://sing365.com/music/lyric.nsf/Anodyne-Biography/5BB71FF12A346B6148256F440006700B
http://www.cmt.com/artists/az/anodyne/bio.jhtml
http://www.discogs.com/artist/Anodyne+(5)
https://web.archive.org/web/20111006191823/http://www.initrecords.com/bands.php?id=12
Musical groups established in 1997
Musical groups disestablished in 2005
Level Plane Records artists
Wanna Bet? is an American game show based on the German series Wetten, dass..?, which aired on ABC. It featured four celebrities making wagers on whether ordinary Americans will be able to complete outrageous stunts. The format first aired as a one-time special on CBS in 1993, with Gordon Elliott and Mark McEwen hosting.
History
The CBS version was a one-time special aired on April 21, 1993 with Gordon Elliott and Mark McEwen hosting, and Mark Elliott as announcer. Marsha Warfield, Martin Mull, Victoria Jackson, and Evander Holyfield were the panelists.
An episode of the ABC version began with four celebrities being given $25,000 to wager on the success or failure of ordinary Americans completing outrageous stunts. Show hosts Ant & Dec introduced a stunt performer and the stunt they claim they will be able to complete, and the celebrities then guess whether the performer will successfully complete the stunt or if they will fail to complete the stunt. The celebrities also lock in the amount of money they'd like to wager on performer's ability to complete the stunt, but the exact amount of the wager is not revealed to the viewing audience. The performer then attempts the stunt, and afterward the celebrities' wagers are revealed and the amount of money earned is totalled. The celebrity with the most money totalled at the end of an episode wins that amount for their favorite charity.
Due to poor ratings, the show was cancelled after one season.
Differences with the original show
Wanna Bet? was based on the German entertainment show Wetten, dass..? which is shown in Austria, Switzerland, Italy and Germany. The show in Europe normally lasts up to 120 to 150 minutes and is broadcast an average 6 times a year. The first show started in 1981. After every show viewers can call for their favourite bet wager and they / they can win 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000 or 5000 Euros by becoming the bet king. In the show included is a child bet, where a child can bet a difficult task and is awarded outside the competition. The child normally gets an extraordinary present (training with the soccer national team and visit a game of the team, or visit a concert music performance of famous musician). The show is also broadcast from different locations around Europe (Xanten, Disneyland Paris, Palma de Mallorca, Vienna, Berlin, Berne, and other locations in mainly German-speaking areas).
Episode results
Episode 1: 21 July 2008
Episode 2: 28 July 2008
Episode 3: 4 August 2008
Episode 4: 12 August 2008
Episode 5: 26 August 2008
Episode 6: 2 September 2008
Variations
Originally, the show was supposed to use the panel of contestants hoping to win money for many things but wanted ordinary people do extraordinary things to impress the panel of celebrities.
Throughout the series, there were 4 stunts for each show. In episode 4, there were 5 stunts.
In episodes 1-3 and 5-6, the panel of celebrities tells the hosts their predictions before each stunt and their wagers after each stunt. In episode 4, they tell the hosts their wagers before each stunt and showed their predictions after each stunt.
In episodes 1-4, after the final stunt, the panel of celebrities showed their wagers first and their predictions. In episode 5-6, they showed their predictions first and then their wagers.
Episode 4 did not show a stunt outside the studio.
Episodes 1-3 was shown on Mondays from July 21 to August 4 and Episodes 4-6 were shown on Tuesday from August 12 to September 2. After Episode 4, the show was put on hiatus for one week.
Episode 1 was shown as a rerun for August 19 for unexplained reasons.
Throughout the entire series, the announcer announced a promotion at abc.com. In episode 5, it was told by Ant and Dec.
Ratings
The series declined in the Nielsen ratings, first on Mondays, then on Tuesdays, usually losing to repeats of sitcoms, NCIS and Big Brother 10 on CBS, reruns of House on Fox, America's Got Talent on NBC (also including their 2008 Summer Olympics coverage) and the Spanish telenovela Fuego en la sangre on Univision. It didn't even help matters when the first three shows were scheduled after High School Musical: Get in the Picture on July 21 and 28 as well as August 4 before moving to Tuesdays as of August 12.
References
External links
Wanna Bet? at ABC.com
The Gurin Company To Adapt Half-Hour Version of German hit show 'Wanna Bet?' for U.S.
American game shows
2000s American game shows
2008 American television series debuts
2008 American television series endings
English-language television shows
American Broadcasting Company original programming
Gambling television shows
American television series based on German television series
Kurt Crain (December 31, 1964 – April 10, 2012) was an American football player and coach. They played college football for the University of Memphis and Auburn University. They went on to play two seasons in the NFL – one for the Houston Oilers, the other for the Green Bay Packers. In 2008, they joined the coaching staff of the University of South Alabama.
Crain died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound at their home in Spanish Fort, Alabama on April 10, 2012. They were 47.
References
1964 births
2012 deaths
All-American college football players
American football linebackers
Auburn Tigers football players
Green Bay Packers players
Houston Oilers players
Memphis Tigers football players
People from Baldwin County, Alabama
Players of American football from Birmingham, Alabama
South Alabama Jaguars football coaches
Sportspeople from Birmingham, Alabama
Sportspeople from Mobile, Alabama
Suicides by firearm in Alabama
2012 suicides
Mo Moulton (born 1979) is an American author and historian of 20th century Britain and Ireland, interested in gender, sexuality, and colonialism/postcolonialism. They are a senior lecturer in the history of race and empire at the University of Birmingham.
Education and early life
Moulton was born in New York in 1979 and grew up in Massachusetts. They majored in history as an undergraduate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, graduating from Phi Beta Kappa in 2001. After working for non-profit organisations, they returned to graduate study at Brown University, earning a PhD in 2010.
Academic career
Moulton became a lecturer at Harvard University from 2010 until 2016 before moving to the University of Birmingham as a senior lecturer.
They were elected to the council of the British Association for Irish Studies for the 2021–2023 term.
Personal life
Moulton identifies as "queer, trans, and nonbinary" and uses singular they as their preferred pronoun. At Birmingham, they are a founder of the College of Arts & Law Trans Support Network.
Bibliography and book awards
Ireland and the Irish in Interwar England (Cambridge University Press, 2014). Runner-up (proxime accessit) for The Whitfield Prize in 2015
The Mutual Admiration Society: How Dorothy L. Sayers and Them Oxford Circle Remade the World For Women (Basic Books, 2019) about The Mutual Admiration Society. Winner of the 2019 Agatha Award and the 2020 Anthony Award, in their respective non-fiction categories.
References
External links
Home page
Interview with Moulton about Mutual Admiration Society, History: The Journal of the Historical Association, 16 December 2019
1979 births
Living people
21st-century American historians
Non-binary writers
American emigrants to the United Kingdom
LGBT historians
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Brown University alumni
Harvard University faculty
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Place of birth missing (living people)
Historians from New York (state)
Historians from Massachusetts
Transgender academics
The black-capped speirops (Zosterops lugubris) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It was previously placed in the genus Speirops. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
References
Birds described in 1848
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sarah Fell (1642–1714) was an English Quaker accountant and writer at Swarthmore Hall. They were the daughter of Margaret Fell and Thomas Fell, and the eventual stepdaughter of George Fox.
Personal
Sarah Fell or Sarah Meade was born in 1642 in Lancashire, England in Swarthmore Hall. They were the fourth daughter of Judge Thomas Fell and Margaret Fell, who was also known as the "Mother of Quakerism." They were subsequently the stepdaughter of George Fox, whom Margaret Fell remarried after Thomas Fell's death in 1658. They were the sister of Margaret Rous, Bridget Fell, George Fell, Isabel Yeamans, Mary Lower, Susannah Ingram, and Rachel Abraham. They married William Meade in June 1681 and together they had a son, Nathaniel Meade.
Career
Fell worked as a Swarthmore farm accountant and clerk of the Lancashire Women Quarterly Meeting. They wrote the household account book of Swarthmore Hall between 1672 and 1678. When the account book was first opened in March 1672, the residents of Swarthmore were Margaret Fell, George Fox, three unmarried daughters (Sarah, Susannah, and Rachel), a recently widowed daughter, Isabel, and Isabel's two children. Fell's account book showed the expenditures for their family and the Swarthmore Minutes (SWMM), which reflected the Quaker philanthropic thoughts and practices. In this century, women were very much involved in their husbands' business affairs; as a result, account books kept by women also had detailed information of their husbands' income. The names of 198 women who had social or business relationships with Fells appeared at least once in their account book during the six years they recorded. One third of that total appeared in the Swarthmore Minutes. Women who were not mentioned in the Minutes were likely silent or poor members of the Meeting. The book also included the death and funeral information of Sarah Fell's niece Rachel Yeamans, who died as a child on 20 June 1676 while visiting Swarthmore Hall. From 1658 to 1681, Sarah invested in iron bloomery with their mother and three sisters, recording the income of iron bloomery in their account book, albeit not completely.
Between 1664 and 1668, Sarah took charge of the farm while their mother Margaret was imprisoned in Lancaster Castle.
They also founded the town bank and grammar school in Ulverston and helped the poor. They became a banker to their Quaker neighbors and friends, offering financial operations included loans, receipts, and payments.
Charity
In 1676, Sarah loaned money to several of their laborers and servants at the Swarthmore. They were known to be a fair lender, and also gave money to those who could not repay them People who borrowed from the Fell's family always repaid the debts.
Quakerism
They were involved in the administration part of Swarthmore Hall Quaker Women Quarterly Meeting. They also wrote the epistle directed to Quaker women's meetings everywhere. Them father was not a Quaker, but they allowed their mother and their followers to use Swarthmore Hall for meetings nonetheless.
Death
Fell died on 9 June 1714 in Gooseyes, Essex, England.
References
Bibliography
Fell, Sarah. The Household Account Book of Sarah Fell, of Swarthmore Hall. Edited by Norman Penney. Cambridge: University Press, 1920.
Larson, Rebecca. Daughters of Light: Quaker Women Preaching and Prophesying in the Colonies and Abroad, 1700–1775. New York: Knopf, 1999.
Kunze, Bonnelyn Young. Margaret Fell and the Rise of Quakerism. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1994.
Webb, Maria. The Fells of Swarthmoor Hall and Their Friends: With an Account of Their Ancestor, Anne Askew, the Martyr. A Portraiture of Religious and Family Life in the Seventeenth Century, Compiled Chiefly from Original Letters and Other Documents, Never before Published. London: A. W. Bennett, 1865.
Attribution
External links
Sarah Meade at Geni.com
1642 births
1714 deaths
17th-century English women writers
17th-century English writers
English accountants
English Quakers
People from Furness
17th-century Quakers
Quaker writers
18th-century Quakers
Democratic Party was a political party in Sri Lanka led by former army chief Sarath Fonseka. It was registered by the election commission of Sri Lanka in March 2013.
2013 Provincial Council Elections
The Democratic Party contested for Provincial council elections held on 21 September 2013 for North, North Western & Central Provincial councils. They secured 3 & 2 seats of North western and Central Provincial councils obtaining 46,114 and 45,239 votes form respective provinces. They surprisingly emerged as third in both councils over JVP. However, they were unable to garner any support from North Provincial council where they obtained only 170 votes.
2014 Provincial Council Elections
Democratic Party contested for provincial council elections held on 29 March 2014 and secured 12 seats of two councils. In Southern council 75,532 votes obtaining 3 seats while in western province they got 203,767 votes obtaining 9 seats.
Democratic party got defeated badly in the Uva Provisional council election held on 20 September 2014. They could garner only 6076 votes from whole province which was 0.89%. This was the biggest setback for the newly established party.
2015 Presidential election
The Democratic Party has declared its support for the opposition common candidate Maithripala Sirisena. With the decision taken some appointed members left the party including Jayantha Ketagoda (MP).
2015 Parliamentary election
Party leader field marshal Sarath Fonseka announced they would contest alone for parliamentary election scheduled on 17 August 2015. Field Marshal Sarath Fonseka contested from the Colombo district. Surprisingly DP faced a massive slide in the election in which they could garner only 28,587 votes across the country, resulting in no representation in the 8th parliament of Sri Lanka.
2016 United National Front
The party joined governing United National Front for Good Governance signing an MOU with Prime Minister Ranil Wickramasinghe on 3 February 2016.
On the 9 February Sarath Fonseka took oath as a Member of Parliament for the seat vacated by the death of M. K. A. D. S. Gunawardana giving the party a seat in the Parliament.
On 30 July Sarath Fonseka obtained membership of United National Party and Democratic party was dissolved accordingly.
Electoral history
References
2013 establishments in Sri Lanka
2016 disestablishments in Sri Lanka
Defunct political parties in Sri Lanka
Political parties established in 2013
Political parties disestablished in 2016
Political parties in Sri Lanka
The 2022 Monmouth Hawks football team represents the Monmouth University during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Hawks play their home games at the Kessler Stadium in West Long Branch, New Jersey. The team is coached by 30th-year head coach Kevin Callahan.
Previous season
The Hawks finished the 2021 season with a record of 7–1, 6–1 in Big South play, finishing in a second place. This was Monmouth's final season as a member of the Big South Conference. The Hawks will be joining the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) for all sports starting in 2022–23.
Schedule
Game summaries
at New Hampshire
Fordham
Georgetown
at No. 9 Villanova
at Lehigh
Albany
at Maine
Rhode Island
Towson
at Delaware
Stony Brook
References
Monmouth Hawks
Monmouth Hawks football seasons
Monmouth Hawks football
Rockfield is an unincorporated community in Warren County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Rockfield has been in operation since 1866. The community was named for the rocky terrain near the original town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Warren County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Mario Chiesa (; born 17 November 1966) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in five editions of the Tour de France, six editions of the Giro d'Italia and four editions of the Vuelta a España. They currently work as a directeur sportif for UCI Continental team .
Major results
1987
1st Stage 6 Giro della Valle d'Aosta
1990
1st Trofeo Matteotti
1994
3rd Giro del Friuli
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from Brescia
Belgium was represented by Sergio and the Ladies in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with the song "Sister".
Before Eurovision
Eurosong '02
Eurosong '02 was the national final that selected Belgium's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002. The competition consisted of four semi-finals that took place on 20 January, 27 January, 3 February and 10 February 2002, followed by a final on 17 February 2002 where the winning song and artist were selected. All five shows took place at the VRT studios in Schelle, hosted by Bart Peeters and broadcast on TV1.
Format
Four semi-finals took place on 20 January, 27 January, 3 February and 10 February 2002. From each semi-final, seven entries competed and the winning entry proceeded to the final. After the semi-finals, the three highest scoring second-placed entries also proceeded to the final. The final took place on 17 February 2002 where the winner was chosen. The results of all five shows were determined by five voting groups: an expert jury consisting of three music experts and four press members, a 40-member international jury, radio voting in Radio 2 and Radio Donna, and public televoting. Each jury had an equal stake in the result and the public televote had a weighting equal to the votes of two juries. The results of the radio vote in both Radio 2 and Radio Donna were determined by radio employees and public televoting, which the public was able to vote in advance of each show between Tuesday to Friday.
During each of the five shows, the expert jury provided commentary and feedback to the artists and selected entries to advance in the competition. These experts were:
Andrea Croonenberghs – actor and singer
Annemie Ramaekers – journalist at Het Laatste Nieuws
Bart Alleman – Chief Entertainment Officer at Dag Allemaal
Ilse Ceulemans – journalist at Story
Marcel Vanthilt – singer and television presenter
Rocco Granata – singer-songwriter
Koen Lauwereyns – editor at Het Volk and Het Nieuwsblad
Competing entries
On 6 June 2001, VRT opened a submission period for artists and composers to submit their songs, with the deadline concluding on 31 October 2001. 351 entries were submitted, and on 13 December 2001, the broadcaster announced the twenty-eight entries selected for the competition.
Semi-finals
The first semi-final took place on 20 January 2002. "Without Love" performed by Wuyts and Schepens proceeded to the final. "All Out of Love" performed by Sonny also proceeded to the final as one of the three highest scoring second-placed entries.
The second semi-final took place on 27 January 2002. "Wherever You'll Be" performed by Severine Doré proceeded to the final. "Flyin'" performed by Raf Van Brussel also proceeded to the final as one of the three highest scoring second-placed entries.
The third semi-final took place on 3 February 2002. "Someday" performed by Spark proceeded to the final.
The fourth semi-final took place on 10 February 2002. "Take This Heart" performed by Yasmina proceeded to the final. "Sister" performed by Sergio and the Ladies also proceeded to the final as one of the three highest scoring second-placed entries.
Final
The final took place on 17 February 2002. "Sister" performed by Sergio and the Ladies was selected as the winner.
At Eurovision
Voting
References
External links
Belgian National Final page
2002
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002
Eurovision
Leeli is a village in Mulgi Parish, Viljandi County in Estonia.
References
Villages in Viljandi County
Kim Yong-chol (; born 1946) is a North Korean general and politician who currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea for South Korean affairs and head of the United Front Department. From February 2009 to January 2016 they were the director of the Reconnaissance General Bureau, the country's primary intelligence service. On 24 April 2019, Yonhap News Agency reported that North Korea has removed Kim Yong-chol from the head of the United Front Department.
Early life
Kim Yong-chol was born in 1946 in Ryanggang Province.
Career
In 1962 they served in the 15th Division, a civil police company guarding the Korean Demilitarized Zone. In 1968 they were appointed a liaison officer to the United Nations Command, Military Armistice Commission, Korea. In 1976, they were made a division commander of the Supreme Guard Command. In 1990 they were promoted to Major General and became deputy director of the Ministry of People's Armed Forces and director of the MPAF Reconnaissance Bureau. In 1998 they were elected as a deputy to the 10th Supreme People's Assembly and again in 2003 to the 11th.
In 2009, they were appointed director of the Reconnaissance General Bureau and Vice-Chief of the General Staff Department of the Korean People's Army. They were also elected as a deputy to the 12th Supreme People's Assembly. In 2010, they were promoted to Colonel-General and elected to the Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party of Korea and the 6th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea. They were a member of the funeral committee of Jo Myong-rok. In 2011, they were a member of the funeral committee of Kim Jong-il.
In 2012 they were promoted to General. In 2014, they were elected as a deputy to the 13th Supreme People's Assembly and served on the funeral committee of Jon Pyong-ho.
In May 2016, they were elected to the 7th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea. They were elected as a member of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea, the Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party of Korea and as Vice-Chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea. They were appointed director of the United Front Department and served on the funeral committees of Kang Sok-ju and Ryu Mi-yong, and they were elected to the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly.
Kim was sent as part of North Korea's Olympic delegation to the closing ceremony of the 2018 Winter Olympics held on 24 February 2018. Their presence was controversial, mostly due to allegations that Kim was responsible for orchestrating an attack on a South Korean naval ship in 2010 that killed 46 sailors. An article in the Hangook Ilbo warned that Kim's attendance could send "raging waves" throughout the Korean Peninsula, but the games closed without incident.
On 30 May 2018, Kim flew to New York City via China for talks with United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo regarding the 2018 North Korea–United States summit. They were hosted at a residential facility of the US delegation to the United Nations for highly "private" conversations with US counterparts. They then traveled to the White House for talks with President Trump on 1 June. During this meeting, they delivered a letter to President Trump from Kim Jong-un. Because they are subject to US sanctions, the visit required a travel waiver.
On 24 April 2019, Yonhap News Agency reported that North Korea has removed Kim Yong-chol from the head of the United Front Department.
In July 2020, it was reported that Kim Yong-chol was mentioned in a Rodong Sinmun article in relation to North-South communications working with Kim Yo-jong. Also prior to the article on June 24, 2020, Kim Yong-chol condemned remarks by the South Korean defense minister when they called for "mutual efforts" to reduce tensions between the two Koreas.
References
North Korean generals
Living people
21st-century North Korean people
People from Ryanggang
1946 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Supreme People's Assembly
Members of the 8th Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea
Members of the 8th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea
Vice Chairmen of the Workers' Party of Korea and its predecessors
Scopula molaris is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1922
molaris
Moths of Africa
The Black Hills Posse was a professional basketball team based in Rapid City, South Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1995–96 season. The team was founded by George Daniel, an attorney from Pennsylvania. The Posse were created for Rapid City as a response to the departure of the Rapid City Thrillers of the Continental Basketball Association. They were the 1996–97 International Basketball Association champions with an all-time winning record of 85 and 37.
In 1998, the Black Hills Posse were sold to John Tuschman (former owner of the original Rapid City Thrillers of the Continental Basketball Association). Tuschman tried to spark the old spirit the Thrillers had from the late 1980s and early 1990s, by renaming the Posse to the Thrillers and bringing back the original "flaming basketball" logo. Unfortunately, Tuschman was unsuccessful and the new Thrillers folded after the end of the 1998-99 season. The IBA continued for one more season in Rapid City, as the Black Hills Gold played in the 1999-00 season for one year. Rapid City has been without professional basketball ever since.
Year-by-year
Some notable players
Isaac Burton
Dennis Edwards (basketball)
Damon Jones
G.J. Hunter
Lonnie Cooper
External links
Black Hills Posse website archived on February 20, 1999 via the Wayback Machine
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Basketball teams in South Dakota
Sports in Rapid City, South Dakota
In evolutionary genetics, mutational meltdown is a sub class of extinction vortex in which the environment and genetic predisposition mutually reinforce each other. Mutational meltdown (not to be confused with the concept of an error catastrophe) is the accumulation of harmful mutations in a small population, which leads to loss of fitness and decline of the population size, which may lead to further accumulation of deleterious mutations due to fixation by genetic drift.
A population experiencing mutational meltdown is trapped in a downward spiral and will go extinct if the phenomenon lasts for some time. Usually, the deleterious mutations would simply be selected away, but during a mutational meltdown, the number of individuals thus suffering an early death is too large relative to the overall population size so that mortality exceeds the birth rate.
Explanation
The mechanism behind mutational meltdown is that a spontaneous deleterious mutation is introduced and after some time is eventually fixed into the population. This, in turn, leads to an accumulation in small populations where the growth rate as well as the population size both decrease. This, in consequence, allows the mutation to accumulate new deleterious alleles into the population until it is eventually extinct. In more detail, the accumulation of mutations in small populations can be divided into three phases. In the second phase a population starts in mutation/selection equilibrium, mutations are fixed at a constant rate through time, and the population size is constant because the fecundity exceeds mortality. However, after a sufficient number of mutations have been fixed in the population, the birth rate is slightly less than the death rate, and the population size begins to decrease. This is due to the fixation of deleterious mutations, which increases the death rate. The death rate eventually becomes too large in the population, theoretically infinite, that the time that it takes the deleterious mutant alleles to be fixated can be equated to the mean fixation time of a neutral mutation. This is only due to the small population that mutation is affecting, where the time for fixation is comparatively short. The smaller population size allows for more rapid fixation of deleterious mutations, and a more rapid decline of population size, which becomes irreversible after a certain number of generations
Effects compared on asexual and sexual populations
In asexual species, the effects of mutation accumulation are more significant compared to sexual species. In an asexual population, all the individual species are equally affected by the selective pressures from the environment, which includes, deleterious and/or beneficial mutations. This is due to the lack of recombination of alleles and diversity in the genome that allows the accumulation of mutations to effectively take over the asexual population. The accumulation of mutation can occur during a short period of time, and this is because the offspring of the species that were introduced to the deleterious mutation does not have a recombination of alleles passed on by the parents. Instead, the exact copy and number of genes that were originally in the parent species is passed on to the offspring with no genetic changes. This puts asexual reproductive species under the high selective pressure of mutational meltdown.
In sexual reproducing species, the time it takes for the mutational meltdown to occur takes longer, if at all. In sexually reproducing populations, the segregation and recombination of alleles allows genetic diversity to flourish within the population. Genetic diversity increases exponentially as the population gets larger over time. This, however; does not eliminate the chance of deleterious mutations to occur. An accumulation of deleterious alleles can do irreversible damage to the population before the species has time to reproduce. In simulated models of sexually reproductive species being introduced to an accumulation of deleterious alleles, it was shown that the population will not go extinct, or it takes an exponential amount of time to do so. This is due to if the sexually reproducing population was put under a strong selection for deleterious mutation, that it causes most of the population to be eliminated. The individuals in the population that do survive will have a lower fitness level, as well as overcome the accumulation of different deleterious mutations, even though their genome might have resistance to the previous deleterious mutations.
The extinction based on mutational accumulation on sexual species, unlike asexual species, is under the assumption that the population is small or is highly restricted in genetic recombination. However; even under certain conditions in a large population, a mutational meltdown can still occur in sexually reproducing species. Factors that include, low birth and recombination rate, as well as having a strong mutation-selection, can a large sexually reproducing population can go extinct. In contrast, the same conditions that can cause extinction in a sexually reproducing population can aid in the avoidance of mutation meltdown. In a tested environment, where variables can be theoretically manipulated, the strong mutation-selection in a large sexually reproducing population can be prevented from mutational meltdown if the birth rate were to increase.
The effect on both asexual and sexually reproducing populations is still confounding to external variables. In cases where a large sexually reproducing population underwent a bottleneck can cause an immediate decrease in population, which causes the population to be more susceptible to mutations accumulating in the population at a fast occurring rate. Mutational meltdown relies on external variables aside from small population size to eliminate the allelic frequency of a population. In such cases, mutational meltdown relies on genetic drift, in terms of a small population, to have time for the mutation to be fixated in the population.
See also
Error catastrophe
Error threshold
Extinction vortex
Genetic load
Genetic erosion
Muller's ratchet
References
Further reading
W. Gabriel, M. Lynch, and R. Burger (1993). Muller's Ratchet and mutational meltdowns. Evolution 47:1744-1757.
M. Lynch, R. Burger, D. Butcher, and W. Gabriel (1993). The mutational meltdown in asexual populations. J. Hered. 84:339-344.
M. Lynch and W. Gabriel (1990). Mutation load and the survival of small populations. Evolution 44:1725-1737.
M. Lynch, J. Conery, and R. Burger (1995) Mutational meltdowns in sexual populations. Evolution 49: 1067-1080.
Population genetics
Tamkhosrau or Tamkhusro ("strong Khosrau", in Greek sources rendered as Ταμχοσρώ or Ταμχοσρόης, Tamchosroes), was a Sassanid Persian general active in the Roman–Persian Wars of the late 6th century. As their honorific name indicates, they were a highly regarded man among the Persians, and one of the chief generals of the shah Khosrau I (r. 531–579).
Biography
Tamkhosrau first appears in early 575. A one-year truce had been negotiated in 574, interrupting the ongoing war (since 572) between Persia and the East Roman (Byzantine) Empire, while negotiations were taking place to conclude an even longer truce. While the Persians insisted on a five-year truce, the Roman emissaries refused to accept it and insisted on a three-year duration. In order to apply pressure on the Byzantines, the Persian general Mahbod ordered Tamkhosrau to launch an attack. Tamkhosrau led a major raid that plundered the territory around Dara in northern Mesopotamia. A three-year truce was concluded soon after, in exchange for an annual payment of 30,000 gold solidi from the Byzantines.
As a result of the truce, fighting was refocused to Persian Armenia; there, the Byzantines had considerable success, driving off a large Persian invasion led by Khosrau himself, and securing much of the country. Negotiations for peace resumed, and seemed about to be concluded on terms slightly favoring the Byzantines in 577, when Tamkhosrau led a series of expeditions into Armenia and defeated the East Roman general Justinian. Thereafter, the Persians abandoned the negotiations. Tamkhosrau remained in Armenia as the senior Persian commander in 578. As their forces were numerically inferior to those of the Roman magister militum Armeniae Maurice, after feinting in the direction of Theodosiopolis, they led a surprise raid south and plundered the regions around Martyropolis and Amida. Their decision, however, was criticized by the Persians as the result of inexperience, and they were recalled and replaced in their Armenian command by Varaz Vzur.
By 581, however, they had risen to the post of marzban, and commanded the Persian army in northern Mesopotamia. After another round of peace talks broke down, Tamkhosrau, along with Adarmahan, invaded Roman territory and headed for the town of Constantina. Maurice, who had been expecting and preparing for such an attack, met the Persians in battle outside the city in June 582. The Persian army suffered a heavy defeat, and Tamkhosrau was killed.
References
Sources
582 deaths
6th-century Iranian people
Military personnel killed in action
People of the Roman–Sasanian Wars
Sasanian governors of Armenia
Year of birth unknown
Generals of Khosrow I
Generals of Hormizd IV
The 2012–13 Atlante season was the 66th professional season of Mexico's top-flight football league. The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams. Atlante began their season on July 22, 2012 against Pachuca, Atlante played their home games on Sundays at 6:00pm local time. On April 10, 2013 Atlante lost the Clausura 2013 Copa MX final to Cruz Azul 4–2 on penalties. Atlante did not qualify to the final phase in either the Apertura or Clausura tournament.
Torneo Apertura
Squad
Regular season
Apertura 2012 results
Goalscorers
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Apertura 2012 Copa MX
Group stage
Apertura results
Goalscorers
Results by round
Torneo Clausura
Squad
Regular season
Clausura 2013 results
Atlante did not qualify to the Final Phase
Goalscorers
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Clausura 2013 Copa MX
Group stage
Clausura results
Knockout stage
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
References
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
Jahrbuch (German for yearbook) may refer to:
Berliner Astronomisches Jahrbuch
Gutenberg-Jahrbuch
Jahrbuch für Philosophie und phänomenologische Forschung
Jahrbuch Medien und Geschichte
Jahrbuch über die Fortschritte der Mathematik
Jahrbuch für Forschungen zur Geschichte der Arbeiterbewegung
Astana Football Club () is a professional football club based in Astana. They play in the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest level of Kazakh football. The club's home ground is the 30,254-seat Astana Arena stadium. The club colours, reflected in their badge and kit, are sky blue and yellow. Founded as Lokomotiv Astana in 2009, the club changed its name to Astana in 2011. They are members of the Astana Presidential Club, an association of the main sports teams in the capital supported by the Sovereign Wealth Fund Samruk-Kazyna.
The short history of the club already boasts six league titles, three Kazakhstan Cups and five Kazakhstan Super Cups.
History
Founding and first years (2009–2014)
On 27 December 2008, football clubs from Almaty Megasport and Alma-Ata announced they would merge to found a new club. The club was named "FC Lokomotiv Astana" as the National Railway Company Kazakhstan Temir Zholy became a general sponsor. Kazakhstan Temir Zholy in cooperation with City Council of Astana decided to move the club to the new building stadium in the capital of Kazakhstan. Vakhid Masudov became the first head coach in the club's history. The club has benefited from a high salary role which has enabled them to attract players of status to the club. Andrey Tikhonov and Yegor Titov first of all came from the Russian Football Premier League. Several more followed such as Patrick Ovie and Baffour Gyan. Maksim Shatskikh later arrived from Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League which was again a very high-profile capture for the club. The majority of their other players have arrived from other clubs of the Kazakhstan Premier League, mostly on free transfers from the clubs which were absorbed to make the club and several which went into bankruptcy.
On 8 March 2009, Lokomotiv played in the league's inaugural match against Kazakhmys in Satbayev. In March 2009, Vakhid Masudov was replaced by Vladimir Gulyamkhaidarov. However, only two days after their appointment they were replaced by Russian specialist Sergei Yuran. The club earned silver medals in their first season of play. On 14 November 2010, Holger Fach guided Astana to their first Kazakhstan Cup success. However, they were ineligible for a UEFA license since they had not yet existed for at least three years. So they were not able to start in the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League. On 2 March 2011, Astana beat Tobol 2–1 and won the Kazakhstan Super Cup for the first time. In 2012, Miroslav Beránek led Astana to win their second Kazakhstan Cup. In July 2013, the club made a debut in Europe playing in the first qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League against Botev Plovdiv. Astana lost both matches, 0–1 at home and 0–5 away. On 4 July 2013, Astana officially joined to newly created Astana Presidential Sports Club, the organization supported by the Sovereign Wealth Fund Samruk-Kazyna to combine the main sports teams in Astana.
Stoilov years: Domestic dominance and European breakthrough (2014–2018)
On 22 June 2014, the club announced that former Botev Plovdiv manager Stanimir Stoilov was appointed as new head coach. In 2014–15 European campaign, Astana played four ties in the UEFA Europa League qualifying stages. In the first round they beat Pyunik 6–1 on aggregate, then raised more than a few eyebrows in the second round, beating Hapoel Tel Aviv 3–1 on aggregate thanks to a convincing home leg win. The third qualifying round saw Astana cruise past AIK, with a 4–1 aggregate score. In the play-off round, Astana was defeated by Villarreal. On 1 November 2014, Astana became Kazakhstan Premier League champions for the first time in their history, securing the championship with a 3–0 home win against Kaisar.
On 1 March 2015, Astana won the 2015 Kazakhstan Super Cup, beating Kairat 3–2 in a penalty shoot-out after the match ended with the score 0–0. On 26 August 2015, the club became the first team from Kazakhstan to reach the group stage of the UEFA Champions League, after beating APOEL 2–1 on aggregate in the play-off round. They were drawn in Group C alongside Benfica, Atlético Madrid and Galatasaray, where they managed to obtain four points in six games after four draws and two losses. On 8 November 2015, Astana clinched their second Kazakhstan Premier League title beating Aktobe 1–0 at home in the last tour game. On 9 December 2015, the club extended their contract with Stanimir Stoilov for the next two years.
In the 2016 season, Astana was eliminated from UEFA Champions League after two stages, being defeated by Celtic in the third qualifying round 3–2 on aggregate. However, the club qualified for the UEFA Europa League group stage, beating BATE in the play-off round. On 26 October 2016, Astana won their third straight championship under Stoilov's rule. On 19 November 2016, the club won the 2016 Kazakhstan Cup, defeating Kairat 1–0. Their 2017 Champions League bid was stopped short once again by Celtic, this time in the playoff round. Following an embarrassing 5–0 rout in Glasgow, they failed to reach the group stages in an 8–4 defeat on aggregate. However, Astana reached another milestone by reaching the knockout phase of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League after finishing second in the group phase. Astana extended further its domestic dominance by winning fourth consecutive title in the 2017 season. On 8 January 2018, Stoilov signed a new contract with Astana, but left the club on 1 March 2018 to take over the vacant Kazakhstan national football team's manager position.
Post Stoilov years: (2018–)
On the same day as Stoilov was announced as the new manager of Kazakhstan, 1 March 2018, Grigori Babayan was announced as the Astana's interim manager. On 1 June 2018, Astana announced Roman Hryhorchuk as the club's new manager. On 17 August 2018, Hryhorchuk left Astana on compassionate leave with Grigori Babayan again stepping in as Caretaker Manager. Astana announced on 3 January 2019 that Hryhorchuk would return to lead the team after missing the second half of the 2018 season due to family reasons.
On 14 January 2019, Paul Ashworth was announced as the new executive director of FC Astana.
Hryhorchuk left Astana by mutual consent on 13 January 2020. The following day, 14 January 2020, Michal Bílek was announced as the new head coach of Astana.
On 18 February 2020, Astana revealed a new logo to commemorate 10-years of the club.
On 26 August 2020, with Astana 2nd in the league and having just being knocked out of the UEFA Champions League, Michal Bílek was sacked as manager, with Executive Director Paul Ashworth taking over in a caretaker capacity. Ashworth their role as caretaker manager and Executive Director by mutual consent on 7 October 2020. Two days later, 9 October, David Loria was announced as the clubs new Executive Director. On 16 October 2020, former captain Andrey Tikhonov was appointed as the clubs new manager.
On 5 November 2021, Astana announced the departure of Andrey Tikhonov as their manager, with Srđan Blagojević being announced as the clubs new head coach on 21 November 2021.
Stadium
Astana's current home venue is Astana Arena. The stadium has been Astana's home since the mid of the 2009 season, when the club moved from the Kazhymukan Munaitpasov Stadium. The stadium holds 30,254 and has a retractable roof. The inaugural match at the new stadium was a 2–1 win over the Kazakhstan national under-21 football team in a friendly match. It is also serving as a national stadium for the Kazakhstan national football team.
Colours and crest
The team's original crest was implemented in 2009 consisting of the team's name, Football Club Lokomotiv Astana, on a blue round frame and a blue coloured letter "L" in the center, meaning railway track. As the result of renaming in 2011, the club adopted a new crest. The crest consisted of the team's name with uppercase letters on an image of the ball. This was accompanied by the words "football club" in Kazakh and Russian languages on the top and bottom of the crest. On 23 January 2013, the club presented a new crest, which replicated the style and colours of the Lokomotiv Astana crest. The crest consisted an image of the ball in a shanyrak style and two Kazakh national patterns on each side. The present club crest was introduced on 10 March 2014, and incorporated the Astana Presidential Club crest's style and colours as well as BC Astana, Astana Pro Team and Astana Dakar Team. The crest consists of the team's name, Astana Football Club, under a flying ball.
Blue and white were initially the club's primary colours, the team's nickname was the "Blue-and-White". Blue was used to accent the home jersey while white was the main colour of the team's away kit. During the 2012 season, Astana wore yellow and blue striped shirts and blue shorts as home kit and wholly blue away kit. In 2013, they retrieved original colours used from 2009 to 2011. In 2013, the club joined to Astana Presidential Club and adopted its colours. The present club colours are sky blue and yellow. Astana's current shirt sponsor is Sovereign Wealth Fund Samruk-Kazyna. The club's first kit sponsorship was from national railway company Kazakhstan Temir Zholy who sponsored the club for a total of 4 years before ending the deal in 2013. The team's kit supplier is Adidas who have supplied the club kits since their inception.
Players
First team squad
Out on loan
For recent transfers, see 2022 FC Astana season.
Retired numbers
Non-playing staff
Management
Coaching staff
Notable managers
The following managers won at least one trophy when in charge of Astana:
Honours
Kazakhstan Premier League
Winners (6): 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019
Runners-up:(2) 2009, 2013, 2021
Kazakhstan Cup
Winners (3): 2010, 2012, 2016
Runner-up:(1) 2015
Kazakhstan Super Cup
Winners (5): 2011, 2015, 2018, 2019, 2020
Runners-up: (4) 2013, 2016, 2017, 2021
Statistics
Seasons
Key
Rank = Rank in the Kazakhstan Premier League; P = Played; W = Win; D = Draw; L = Loss; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points; Cup = Kazakhstan Cup; CL = UEFA Champions League; EL = UEFA Europa League; ECL = UEFA Europa Conference League.
in = Still in competition; — = Not attended; 1R = 1st round; 2R = 2nd round; 3R = 3rd round; 1QR = 1st qualifying round; 2QR = 2nd qualifying round; 3QR = 3rd qualifying round; PO = Play-off round; GS = Group stage; ; R32 = Round of 32; R16 = Round of 16; QF = Quarterfinals; SF = Semifinals; F = Final.
European record
Key
1QR = 1st qualifying round; 2QR = 2nd qualifying round; 3QR = 3rd qualifying round; PO = Play-off round; GS = Group stage; R32 = Round of 32.
UEFA coefficient
The table shows the position of FC Astana (highlighted), based on their UEFA coefficient club ranking, and four clubs, which are closest to FC Astana's position (the two clubs with the higher coefficient and the two with the lower coefficient).
As of 23 April 2021.
Records
As of match played 23 April 2021
Record European victory 4–0 v. Maccabi Tel Aviv (19 October 2017)
Record European defeat 6–0 v. AZ (24 October 2019)
Record League victory – 7–0 v. Atyrau (9 September 2017)
Record League defeat – 0–5 v. Irtysh (26 May 2011)
Most League wins in a row – 8, 7 April 2009 – 30 April 2009
Most League appearances – 227, Nenad Erić 2011–2020
Most appearances overall – 318, Nenad Erić 2011–2020
Most goals scored in a League season – 19, Junior Kabananga 2017 & Marin Tomasov 2019
Most goals scored in a season overall – 26, Marin Tomasov 2019
Youngest first-team player – Madi Zhakypbayev, 15 years, 11 months, 21 days
Oldest first-team player – Andrey Tikhonov, 39 years, 9 days
Most appearances
Players played over 50 competitive, professional matches only. Appearances as substitute (goals in parentheses) included in total.
Top goalscorers
Competitive, professional matches only, appearances including substitutes appear in brackets.
Partnerships
Real Sociedad (2013–present)
On 11 November 2013 it was announced that Astana had partnered with the La Liga team Real Sociedad to cooperate in terms of exchange of skills and knowledge, organization of friendly matches, training camps for youth development and grassroots football.
Galatasaray S.K. (2014–present)
On 29 April 2014 it was announced that Astana Presidential Club had signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Galatasaray Sports Club. The memorandum chiefly provides for cooperation between the Astana and Galatasaray S.K. football departments.
References
External links
FC Astana on UEFA.com
2009 establishments in Kazakhstan
Association football clubs established in 2009
Astana Presidential Club
Football clubs in Astana
Football clubs in Kazakhstan
The Comprehensive Crime Control Act of 1984 () was the first comprehensive revision of the U.S. criminal code since the early 1900s. It was sponsored by Strom Thurmond (R-SC) in the Senate and by Hamilton Fish IV (R-NY) in the House, and was eventually incorporated into an appropriations bill that passed with a vote of 78–11 in the Senate and 252–60 in the House. It was then signed into law by President Ronald Reagan. Among its constituent parts and provisions were:
Armed Career Criminal Act
Sentencing Reform Act which created the United States Sentencing Commission, intended to standardize sentencing
extension of the Secret Service's jurisdiction over credit card fraud and computer fraud
increased federal penalties for cultivation, possession, or transfer of marijuana
a new section in the criminal code for hostage taking
abolished parole for federal prisoners convicted after November 1, 1987
made several new offenses federal crimes, including arson, murder-for-hire, trademark violations, credit card fraud, and computer crime
Stipulations about using civil forfeiture to seize assets of organized crime, establishing "equitable sharing."
References
United States federal criminal legislation
1984 in law
98th United States Congress
Presidency of Ronald Reagan
Asset forfeiture
Ferdi Elmas (born 13 February 1985) is a Turkish former professional footballer who played as a winger.
Club career
Born in Amsterdam, Netherlands, Elmas played for Ajax for over nine years in their youth, having come through the ranks of the club's elite Youth Team. They continued their career in Dutch football after transferring to RKC Waalwijk.
In 2004, they moved to Çaykur Rizespor, before completing a loan switch to Ankaraspor. During the summer transfer window of 2008, the Istanbul club Galatasaray signed the player on a three-year deal, expiring in June 2011. The transfer was a player-swap, with Uğur Akdemir being the player who left the team.
They were released by Galatasaray S.K. after a season after signing and signed a new deal with Turkish First Division team Karabükspor. In 2013, they were playing for FK Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
Personal life
They qualify for both Dutch and Turkish citizenship as their mother is Dutch and their father is Turkish.
Honours
Galatasaray
Turkish Super Cup: 2008
References
MANİSA BÜYÜKŞEHİR'DEN İKİ TAKVİYE DAHA, 45haber.com, 7 January 2016
External links
1985 births
Living people
Dutch people of Turkish descent
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
Turkish footballers
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Footballers from Amsterdam
Eredivisie players
Süper Lig players
Çaykur Rizespor footballers
Ankaraspor footballers
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
RKC Waalwijk players
Kardemir Karabükspor footballers
Karşıyaka S.K. footballers
FC Baku players
Gaziantep F.K. footballers
Manisa FK footballers
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Turkish expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
TFF Third League players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Stuart River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. It is located in two sections north and northwest of Vanderhoofalong the Stuart River southeast of Stuart Lake and the city of Fort St. James. The upper section is located at and comprises c.7391 ha. while the lower, eastern section is centred at and comprises c.3390 ha. and is within the Greater Prince George area. The upper site, which is located around the confluence of the Stuart and Nechako Rivers, includes the site of Chinlac, a Dakelh village whose inhabitants were massacred and enslaved by the Tsilhqot'in of Anahim Lake c. 1745.
See also
Nechako Canyon Protected Area
References
External links
BC Parks infopage
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Omineca Country
Dakelh
Protected areas established in 1999
1999 establishments in British Columbia
Rüdenhausen is a market town and municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Darkwing (known as Dusk in the United Kingdom) is a young adult fantasy novel by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel. It is the prequel and fourth book of the Silverwing series, and takes place 65 million years before the events of the first book. It describes the origins of the war between the birds and the beasts.
Setting
Set 65 million years ago, at the very beginning of the Paleocene epoch, a huge natural disaster has wiped out most of the dinosaurs (referred to as "Saurians" within the context of the story). A few managed to survive in the aftermath, albeit weakened by climate change, a shortage of food, and a flesh-rotting virus. The mammals, who were once at the Saurians' mercy, decide to form The Pact: unable to wage battle against them on their own terms, they decide to band together to exterminate the remaining Saurians by destroying their eggs.
Plot summary
Dusk, a young Chiropter, is being taught by their father to glide. Dusk is different from the other Chiropters, however; whereas their brethren have simple sails, Dusk has wings, and an urge to fly that they have difficulty suppressing.  They are regarded as a freak by the other Chiropters, though they find acceptance with their parents and their sister, Sylph. Dusk learns to fly, but keeps their secret to themselves out of fear of being shunned.
Carnassial, the Felid (a type of proto-cat), also has a hidden desire. Born with shearing teeth and an insatiable appetite for flesh, they seemingly fulfill the pact when they destroy the last known batch of Saurian eggs. They lead a pack consisting of other flesh-craving Felids to form a new world order. The rogue pack of Felids finds their way to Dusk's island and devour many of their colony, among them Dusk's mother.
With their island invaded by the deadly new predators, it is up to Dusk and their unique powers of flight and echolocation to find the Chiropters a new home. Carnassial strikes an alliance with the powerful (but unintelligent) Hyaenodons, who claim that the Saurians do still exist, and enlist the Felids to find and destroy their eggs. Carnassial comes to realize that, in order for the Felids to rule, it will have to be through cunning, rather than through power.
Along the way, Dusk and their colony seek refuge with a seemingly peaceful colony of "Tree Runners", only to find out that they plan on sacrificing them to a giant, meat-eating bird, the Diatryma. After escaping, Dusk finds a new home for their fellow Chiropters, but it is on the other side of a savannah, which is home to many predators. While Dusk is scouting for a good place, they meet another creature that looks similar to himself; it calls itself a bat and tells Dusk that there are many others like them.
The Soricids overwhelm and devour a Hyaenodon, and nearly kill Dusk, but they are rescued by Sylph. They and Sylph are attacked by Carnassial and their Hyaenodons once again, and take refuge in the skeleton of a large dinosaur. Through it, they find their way into an eerie cave, where Dusk and Sylph discover a nest of an unidentified meat-eating Saurian, along with a clutch of mostly unhatched eggs and the rotting carcasses of the parents. The Felids return and Carnassial's mate is attacked by a young dinosaur, the sibling of the eggs who'd hatched early. Carnassial fights to save their mate, but both are killed in the confrontation. The saurian chases Dusk out of the cave and attacks the Hyaenodon as the heroes flee.
Eventually, Dusk leads the Chiropters to their new home, and the book ends with them leaving the colony and promising their sister to return if they dislike life with bats.
Characters
Chiropters
Dusk - Dusk is a young Chiropter who is considered a freak among their colony because of their ability to fly and their strange appearance. Dusk is clever and resourceful and tries their hardest to fit in with the colony. They look up to their father, Icaron.
Sylph - Sylph is Dusk's extremely reckless twin sister, older by three seconds.  They are loud, amazingly loyal and generally unaware of any possible repercussions of their actions. They do not always understand the reasoning behind their father's actions, leading to frequent arguments.
Jib - Jib is a young newborn Chiropter. They like to show off and dislikes Dusk because of their appearance and their ability to fly. They bully Dusk by saying that if they aren't the leader's son, they would have been taken down to the Death Branch and abandoned there after their birth.
Aeolus - [Deceased] Aeolus is Jib's cousin, and is usually in the company of both Jib and Sylph. They were attacked and killed by birds who believed that they were Dusk, and was left to the elements on the Death Branch.
Icaron - [Deceased] Icaron is the leader of the colony and the eldest of their family. Their mate is Mistral and they have had many offspring, including Auster, their oldest, and Dusk and Sylph, their youngest. Icaron is kind and strong, reacting calmly in situations of panic. Icaron is accepting and is one of the only Chiropters in the colony to accept Dusk for who they are. Their decisions are frequently challenged by Nova. Carnassial attacked them and gave them the wounds that brought them to their death.
Mistral - [Deceased] Mistral is the mate of Icaron and the mother of Auster, Dusk, Sylph, and many others. A skillful hunter, it appears that Dusk inherited their echovision-like abilities from her, which Icaron had been aware of, but had cautioned Mistral not to reveal so they would not be shunned by the colony.
Auster - Auster is the eldest son of Icaron and Mistral and is one of the few to accept Dusk's unusual appearance. They have a family of their own and therefore does not interact with Dusk and Sylph's lives often until the Felids invade their island; nonetheless, they still show concern for them when their mother dies during their escape. When their father dies, Auster does not hesitate to raise them into their family. Near the end of the book, they become the leader of the Chiropters.
Nova - Nova is the eldest of their family.  They are reckless and stubborn, and often challenges Icaron's decisions and capability to lead the colony. They take advantage of when Dusk is away finding a new home to take more than half the colony back along the coast to find a home with other chiropters.
Sol - [Deceased] Sol is the eldest of their family. They were very loyal to their leader, Icaron. While trying to protect their family, the poisonous Soricids (a prehistoric mammal similar to a shrew) paralyzed him, leading to theirs being killed and eaten by the little predators.
Barat - Barat is the eldest of their family.  They are generally level-headed, but sometimes is a little rash in their decisions. They follow Nova when they decide to abandon Dusk.
Gyrokus - Leader of a different chiropter group. They help Icaron and their group after they escape from their island, but then banishes them from their group because of former acts of Icaron.
Chimera - A female Chiropter with an appearance similar to Dusk's. Dusk meets them while searching for a new home for their colony and is astonished to find another Chiropter who is unlike the rest. They call themselves a bat, after the leader of their colony and supposedly the first Chiropter to evolve to have flight capabilities. Chimera appears to be interested in Dusk and persuades them to join their colony and, at the end of the book, they leaf Sylph and their own colony, promising to return in the future.
Felids
Carnassial [Deceased] - Carnassial is a felid and a ferocious hunter. They destroy what is believed to have been the last of the saurians, but their taste for meat encourages them to eat the flesh of other species. This eventually leads to their expulsion from their tribe ("prowl"). Near the end, they are seen trying to rescue their mate from the jaws of a young Saurian.
Panthera - [Deceased] Panthera is Carnassial's hunting partner and mate. After they discover a kill made by Carnassial, they keep their secret, although they are found out, anyway. Eventually, they also discover a taste for meat, and they join Carnassial. They reveal to them in the Saurian cave that they are pregnant with their kittens.  They are attacked by a proto-owl soon after departing from the main prowl, but is saved by Carnassial. At the end, they are pried from Carnassial by a young Saurian.
Patriofelis - [Deceased] Patriofelis is the felid leader and very old. They banish Carnassial from their prowl and is later carried off by a proto-owl while confronting Carnassial's rogue prowl.
Miacis - [Deceased] Miacis is another strong felid who brought a group of felids to Carnassial and told them they, too, craved meat as they did. They would've been Carnassial's mate if they aren't dead and if Panthera stayed with Patriofelis.
Others
Teryx - A bird that Dusk meets on the island. They develop an uneasy relationship founded mostly from curiosity toward one another. They warn Dusk of Carnassial's barbaric prowl, in spite of how the other birds hate Dusk for their ability to fly.
Danian - Leader of a hyaenodons.  They are a strong leader and cares for their pack. They form an alliance with Carnassial's prowl to team up against the saurians.
Adapis - Leader of a clan of tree runners.  They are a clever tree runner, but also very selfish and underhanded. They have an unsteady alliance with a diatryma that is wounded on one of its legs, so it cannot successfully chase down prey. They must have Adapis bring their food or they will starve; in return, they protect Adapis' clan from any danger. Adapis tries feeding Icaron's group to the diatryma, but fails because of Dusk's brave actions that save many of the Chiropters. The enraged diatryma still demands a feast, and it is implied that tree runners - possibly including Adapis themselves - would be offered in compensation.
Species
In Darkwing, animal species are often referred by their taxonomic clade name, rather than their own, which makes it difficult to know exactly what species each creature is. Where the species name is not known, they are listed under the name that they had in the book. The creatures are listed in the order of their appearance. The chiropters are fictional; a hypothetical species intended to represent a primitive bat.
Chiropter
Prehistoric Birds
Quetzalcoatlus (referred to as "Quetzals")
Miacis (referred to as "Felids")
Paramys
Prehistoric Owls
Alphadon
Prehistoric Primates (referred to as "Tree-runners")
Gastornis (referred to as "Diatryma")
Crocodiles (referred to as "Swamp Saurians")
Phenacodus (referred to as "Equids")
Hyaenodon
Bisonalveus browni (referred to as "Soricid")
Giant Spiders
Theropod dinosaur (referred to as "Saurian")
Publication history
Darkwing was first released in Canada and the United States in August 2007. It was shortly followed with its release in the United Kingdom in May 2008. Below is the release details for the first edition hardback and paperback copies in these three publication regions.
2007, CAN, HarperCollins , Pub date August 16, 2007, Hardback
2007, US, Eos , Pub date August 21, 2007, Hardback
2008, UK, Faber Children's Books , Pub date May 1, 2008, Paperback
2008, US, Eos , Pub date August 26, 2008, Paperback
2008, CAN, HarperCollins , Pub date October 17, 2008, Paperback
External links
Darkwing Homepage
2007 Canadian novels
Canadian young adult novels
Canadian fantasy novels
Novels by Kenneth Oppel
Silverwing (series)
Novels set in prehistory
Prequel novels
HarperCollins books
Children's novels about animals
2007 children's books
Cerreto di Spoleto is an Italian village and comune of the province of Perugia in Umbria. It is a dispersed rural community with 1,158 inhabitants spread over 8 frazioni. Its claim to fame is to be the root of the English term "charlatan", as Cerreto was once widely known for the quacks among its natives.
Villages
Ponte di Cerreto is a village of about 200 inhabitants about a mile south of Cerreto. Though now insignificant, Ponte was once an important defensive outpost overlooking the first bridge over the Nera River. The counts of Celano built a fortress at this site, which has not survived. Today, the village is best known for the 12th-century Romanesque abbey church of Santa Maria: the façade includes a very good rose window, and the interior is notable for preserving the architect's sketch of that window, engraved on one of the walls of the nave. Among the frescoes is an almost equally rare depiction of the Trinity as a three-headed man.
Rocchetta (Rocchetta di Cerreto when distinguishing it from others) lies at above sea-level on a ridge above and to the east of the Tissino River. Its principal sights are three churches, two of them medieval and the third of the 16th‑18th centuries, of which the best is San Nicola, with a frescoed interior.
Additional frazioni
Colle Soglio
Notable people
The Renaissance humanist and poet Iovianus Pontanus (Giovanni Gioviano Pontano) was born here in 1426—although after their father had been murdered in a civic brawl their mother escaped with the boy to Perugia.
See also
Rocchetta
References
External links
Official website
Thayer's Gazetteer of Umbria - Cerreto
Thayer's Gazetteer of Umbria - Ponte
Bill Thayer's Gazetteer - Rocchetta
Cities and towns in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Umbria
Holy Rosary parish is a church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad, in Warispura, Pakistan.
In May 1967, Bishop Benedict Cialeo OP of Lyallpur Diocese established the first parish in Warispura and appointed Fr. Louis Pinto as Parish Priest. In 2010 it was administered by the Dominican fathers with Fr. Iftkhar Moon OP as the Parish Priest.
It is a large and active parish with different groups participating in parish activities, Along with the city areas with 1969 families, the parish serves a large rural area as well with around 800 families. There are St. Vincent de Paul conferences in different parts of the parish.
Holy Rosary Parish is developing rapidly with churches being built in Chak 242 Dausuha, Malkhanwala, and Ibn-E-Mariam Colony. Land in Khushhall town was bought for the Church with the financial help of Bishop Joseph Coutts.
In 2011 the parish had about 6,000 Catholics, most of them working as casual workers.
From 2015 till 2019, Fr Younas Shahzad was the parish priest.
Mass Centre
On November 23, 2011 St. Albert's Church, in Julius Salik Town in the parish became the most recent Mass Centre.
Religious Congregations
Other religious congregations in the parish include the Medical Mission Sisters, Missionaries of Charity, Marist Brothers, the Dominican Sisters and the Sisters of Loretto.
Rosary Ministry
The Universal Living Rosary Association of St. Philomena USA (ULRA) working for the promotion of devotion to our Holy Mother and the Rosary in Pakistan is also located in Warispura Parish. Rosaries, Medals, Scapulars, Holy Oil, St. Philomena Cord and other printed material are given free of cost. A three monthly newsletter is also published by ULRA Pakistan. Afzaal Anwar Khokhar is the ULRA representative for Pakistan. The head office in Pakistan is in Barkatpura, Faisalabad. Further details of ULRA can be viewed at http://philomena.org .
Youth
There are six youth groups in the Parish who actively help the Church activities to meet the challenges of the modern time. Most of the youth members are college and university students. They are encouraged to do good work for the betterment of society. The Association for Women's Awareness and Rural Development (AWARD) is a nonprofit organisation dedicated to community development work without discrimination. In June 2018, AWARD Pakistan organised a one day seminar on Youth Development in collaboration with Holy Rosary Parish. 75 participants, mostly young people, attended the seminar.
Jail Apostolate
The Parish is helping prisoners by visiting them and saying Mass for them. It tries to help some prisoners to leave their past life and start with new hope.
Healing Ministry
The parish provides resources to help people in need in collaboration with St. Raphael's Hospital whose many employees are from the Parish.
In 2009 the Bishop Paul Community Center was built in Madina Town to provide free medical care for the poor. This three room clinic was built with the help of Caritas Pakistan. Twice a month, two doctors and a nurse provide free consultations and tests and provide medications.
Schools
The parish administers 6 schools (middle and primary). These schools are showing improving results. There is a parish school board to assist in the work of running these schools. The La Salle High School Faisalabad also resides within the parish. The St. Joseph's Technical Institute, Faisalabad is also assisted financially.
Ibne-e-Mariam Primary School, Malkhanwala
This was the first school of Warispura Parish. Fr. Siddique Mark Sundar was the principal of the school. A Government financial grant was approved by the local Member of Parliament Colonel W. Herbert. The school was registered in 1989. Later on, the building was expanded and 3 more rooms were built with the help of the Catholic Board of Education.
Tabdar Middle School
Fr. John Palma OP built the building of Tabdar Middle School with the financial assistance. This school was registered in 1993.
St. Paul Primary School, Wazirkhan
In the beginning there were open air classes without any building. With the support of Fr. John Palma and Fr. Siddique M. Sunder building started in 1992 and the school was registered in November 1992.
Binat ul- Sehar Girls middle school, Ibne-e-Mariam Colony
Its first name was Ibne-e-Mariam middle school. This school was started under the kind guidance of Fr. Sidique Mark Sunder with only two rooms. Later on, Fr. Zafer Iqbal OP expanded the school building and it was registered up to the middle standard. This school was registered in 1999. Four rooms were added in 2007.
Subh-e-nao Middle School, Warispura
Fr. Zafer Iqbal OP was the first principal of this school. This school was started in 1994. In the beginning the school consisted of only on three rooms. Later on nine more rooms were built. Fr. Zafer Iqbal OP introduced the computer education to familiarize the students with modern technology. They started the computer centre. There are three hundred students. The present Principal Fr. Pascal Paulus OP has built two new rooms and a hall for the school. The school now has a band too.
St. Catherine's Girls High School, Warispura
The school has 6 Dominican sisters plus 19 teachers.
Government Support
The Punjab government provided subsidized food and clothing for Christians during Christmas 2009. The government set aside more than 4 million rupees (US$47,000) for the project. Subsidized goods were provided through markets in three Catholic Churches compounds in Faisalabad, including the Holy Rosary Church.
Unrest
On 11 July 2010 street protests disturbed the area which is home to around 100,000 Christians. The mobs were protesting about two Protestant Christian brothers arrested on 2 July and charged with writing a booklet containing blasphemous words. The church was also battered by a hail of stones and rocks. A large number of Christians have fled Warispura fearing violence, after Islamic militants launched a protest action that started at a local mosque after Friday prayers. On 19 July the two accused brothers were shot dead outside a court in Faisalabad.
2010 Floods
In August 2010 the heaviest rains in 80 years caused the worst flooding the country has ever seen. A deacon was shot and two priests beaten for trying to prevent floodwaters from entering the church.
Muhammad Ijaz Virk, a Muslim member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, helped restore the dilapidated church structure. Built in 1985, the Church suffered heavy damage in the 2010 flooding. Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani themselves approved the project. Costing six million rupees (US$70,073) it includes revamping a 1,114 square meter area including the church floor, altar, altar stage and the parish house.
References
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1967
Roman Catholic churches in Pakistan
Schools in Faisalabad
1967 establishments in Pakistan
Potentilla nivea, called the snow cinquefoil, snowy cinquefoil, and villous cinquefoil, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Potentilla, native to Subarctic Asia, North America, Greenland, and Europe, and the Subalpine Rockies and Alps. It comes in many ploidy levels; 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x and 10x.
References
nivea
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Plants described in 1753
Robert Boston may refer to:
Rob Boston (born 1962), Assistant Director of Communications at Americans United for Separation of Church and State
Robert Boston (politician) (1836–1922), Canadian politician
Bob Boston (1918–2002), American baseball player
Bull is an American legal drama television series starring Michael Weatherly. CBS ordered the pilot to series on May 13, 2016, and it ran from September 20, 2016 to May 26, 2022.
In April 2021, the series was renewed for a sixth season which premiered on October 7, 2021; it was announced in January 2022 that the sixth season would be the show's last. The two-part series finale aired on May 19 and 26.
Premise
The series follows the employees at Trial Analysis Corporation (TAC), a jury consulting firm headed by Dr. Jason Bull, who is a psychologist and trial-science expert. Bull uses their skills and those of their team not only to select the right jurors for their clients, but also to help their clients' lawyers decide which type of argument will win over jurors best. Bull is inspired by the early career of Dr. Phil McGraw, who also serves as an executive producer.
Cast and characters
Main
Michael Weatherly as Dr. Jason Bull, a psychologist and holder of three Ph.D.s in psychology, as well as a pilot's license, who now owns and operates Trial Analysis Corporation (TAC). They hate lawyers themselves due to failing the bar exam twice, crushing their dream of becoming a lawyer, and they had a difficult childhood.
Freddy Rodriguez as Benjamin "Benny" Colón (seasons 1–5), Bull's former brother-in-law, Izzy's younger brother, a former NYC prosecutor, and TAC's in-house counsel. In season 5, they leaf TAC to run for District Attorney, only to halt their campaign when they discover the incumbent DA is being framed. Between seasons 5 and 6, Benny leaves New York to marry a woman they have only dated a month, and moves to Rome, Italy with them
Geneva Carr as Marissa Morgan, a psychologist, neurolinguistics expert, second-in-command of Bull's team, and licensed sex therapist, who formerly worked at Homeland Security. They developed the predictive algorithm that TAC uses to select jurors and mirror jurors. In the season 2 finale, Marissa begins to question their dependency on Bull. In season 6, Marissa accepts an offer to become a partner in a rival company, and briefly leaves TAC.
Christopher Jackson as Chester "Chunk" Palmer, a fashion stylist who formerly worked at Vogue and who, at the University of Georgia, was an All-American football defensive lineman. They prepare TAC's clients for court. From Season 2, they begin attending law school and establishes an unsteady connection with their previously unknown daughter, Anna. They pass the bar exam between seasons 4 and 5, and tries their first case with TAC in season 5. In season 6, they become lead attorney after Benny's departure.
Jaime Lee Kirchner as Danielle "Danny" James, the team's lead investigator, who used to work as an NYPD detective in narcotics and for the FBI.
Annabelle Attanasio as Cable McCrory (seasons 1–2), the team's computer expert who is also a skilled hacker. In the middle of season 2, Cable is briefly fired after breaking the law. However, when Cable secretly helps TAC obtain information relating to a case without telling them, Bull deduces this and works up the courage to offer them their job back.  They are killed off-screen in the season 3 premiere when a bridge they are driving on collapses below them
MacKenzie Meehan as Taylor Rentzel (seasons 3–6), a cyber expert and Marissa's old colleague from Homeland Security. After Cable's death, Taylor is hired to fill their position. A divorced mother, Taylor insists to Bull before accepting the position that their son's needs will always come before TAC's. In Season 6, they undergo a custody battle with their ex-husband, Erik, and Mauricio ends up entirely in their custody.
Yara Martinez as Isabella "Izzy" Colón (recurring seasons 1–4; main seasons 5–6), Benny's sister who is also Bull's ex-wife. Bull and Izzy have a tryst while their second marriage is falling apart, which leads to Izzy getting pregnant and later giving birth to a daughter, Astrid. Subsequently, they and Bull remarry in the Season 5 finale.
Recurring
Dena Tyler as Liberty Davis, a new lawyer who occasionally works with Bull's team on trials. With Bull's help, they gain respect and experience as a lawyer.
Jill Flint as Diana Lindsay, a prominent lawyer from Texas with whom Bull has history, both professional and romantic.
Gary Wilmes as Kyle Anderson/Robert Allen, Marissa's love interest in Season 2.
Jazzy Williams (later billed as Jazzy Kae) as Anna Baker, Chunk's teenage daughter, whom we learn about in Season 2.
David Furr as Greg Valerian, Marissa's ex-husband whom they remarry prior to Season 3. They split up again in Season 4, and finalize their divorce in season 5.
Donovan Christie Jr. as Kenneth Kiehl, the ADA who convinces Benny to run for New York District Attorney in season 5, later assisting with Benny's campaign.
Matt Dellapina as Erik Rentzel
Ollie Robinson as Mauricio Rentzel
Erich Bergen as ADA Robert Jones, Chunk's boyfriend in Season 6 who works at the DA's office.
Episodes
Production
Development
On February 2, 2016, it was announced that CBS had given the production a pilot order. The episode was written by Dr. Phil McGraw and by Paul Attanasio, who was expected to executive produce alongside Phil McGraw, Jay McGraw, Justin Falvey, Darryl Frank, Mark Goffman, Steven Spielberg, and Rodrigo Garcia. Production companies involved with the pilot include Amblin Television, Atelier Paul Attanasio, Stage 29 Productions and CBS Television Studios. On May 13, 2016, CBS officially ordered the pilot to series. A few days later, it was announced that the series, would premiere in the fall of 2016 and air on Tuesdays at 9:00 P.M. On November 4, 2016, CBS picked up the series for a full season of 22 episodes. An additional episode was ordered in November. On March 23, 2017, CBS renewed the series for a second season. which premiered on September 26, 2017. On April 18, 2018, CBS renewed the series for a third season which is set to premiere on September 24, 2018. On May 9, 2019, it was announced that CBS renewed the series for a fourth season. On May 9, 2019, following the renewal, it was announced that executive producers Justin Falvey, Darryl Frank, and Steven Spielberg, along with their production company Amblin Television, would be departing the series after the third season following the harassment controversy surrounding series star Michael Weatherly. In May 2020, Bull was renewed for a fifth season, with the further announcement in October 2020 that the season would be trimmed to 16 episodes due to production schedules being shortened by the COVID-19 pandemic. On April 15, 2021, CBS renewed the series for a sixth season which is scheduled to premiere on October 7, 2021. On January 18, 2022, it was reported that the sixth season will be the series' final season.
Casting
Michael Weatherly, Geneva Carr, Freddy Rodriguez, Chris Jackson and Jaime Lee Kirchner were part of the pilot's main cast. Annabelle Attanasio, a main cast member for the first two seasons, did not return for Season 3 in order to direct an independent film. MacKenzie Meehan was added to the Season 3 main cast, with their character filling a role very similar to the one previously played by Attanasio.
Eliza Dushku appeared in the final three episodes of the first season in a recurring role that was intended to become a regular role in Season 2. However, following a complaint Dushku made about Weatherly making sexually suggestive comments, they were fired. In December 2018, The New York Times reported that CBS reached a confidential settlement with Dushku which would pay their $9.5 million, their anticipated salary over four seasons as a regular cast member. In May 2019, Amblin Television announced they will no longer produce the series, with Spielberg, Falvey, and Frank no longer serving as executive producers.
After appearing as a recurring character in the first four seasons, Yara Martinez was upgraded to series regular for season 5.
On May 21, 2021, it was announced that Freddy Rodriguez would depart the series along with series producer and showrunner Glenn Gordon Caron. Two of the show's writers, Kathryn Price and Nichole Millard, are expected to take over as co-showrunners for season 6.
Broadcast
Internationally, the series premiered in the UK on FOX on January 13, 2017, but due to channel's closure,moved to Sky Witness from Season 4. The series premiered in Australia on Network Ten on March 5, 2017. It debuted in New Zealand on Prime Television New Zealand on January 19, 2017. The second season was premiered in Australia on Network Ten on October 15, 2017. In Italy, it debuted on Rai 2 on November 13, 2016. In France, it debuted on M6 on June 22, 2018. In the Philippines, the program was aired on GTV by 2021. In Germany and Austria, it began airing on 13th Street on January 11, 2017.
Reception
Critical response
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the first season has an approval rating of 26% based on 23 reviews, with an average rating of 3.99/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Michael Weatherly's performance is top-notch, but not enough to save a show that relies too heavily on a well-worn series of legal show tropes and an off-putting premise." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 40 out of 100 based on 19 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Ratings
References
External links
2016 American television series debuts
2010s American workplace drama television series
2010s American legal television series
2022 American television series endings
2020s American workplace drama television series
2020s American legal television series
CBS original programming
English-language television shows
Fictional portrayals of the New York City Police Department
New York Supreme Court
Television productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Television series by Amblin Entertainment
Television series by CBS Studios
Television series created by Paul Attanasio
Television shows set in New York City
Television shows about the COVID-19 pandemic
Aponetius is a genus of east Asian ground spiders. It was first described by T. Kamura in 2020, and it has only been found in Japan. The type species, Aponetius gladius, was originally described under the name "Zelotes gladius".
Species
it contains five species:
A. flexuosus (Kamura, 1999) – Japan (Ryukyu Is.)
A. gladius (Kamura, 1999) (type) – Japan (Ryukyu Is.)
A. ogatai Kamura, 2020 – Japan (Ryukyu Is.)
A. ryukyuensis (Kamura, 1999) – Japan (Ryukyu Is.)
A. watarii Kamura, 2020 – Japan (Ryukyu Is.)
See also
Zelotes
List of Gnaphosidae species
References
Further reading
Gnaphosidae genera
Endemic fauna of the Ryukyu Islands
SBK Live was a talk radio show aired on WTKS-FM Real Radio in Orlando, Florida, United States.
The show originally ran on Real Radio 104.1 from 7 to 11 pm ET. The program was a mix of current events and upcoming artists, often engaging the local community. Guests included local and national celebrities.
Soul Brother Kevin is currently hosting a popular podcast called the SBK show. It can be found at soulbrotherkevin.com
History
SBK Live was a part of Real Radio 104.1FM, WTKS-FM for more than five years. The final show on 104.1 Real Radio was aired on December 7, 2012.
Cast
The show's cast members were:
SBK
Soul Brother Kevin got their start when morning talk show host Russ Rollins of The Monsters In The Morning put the call out that they needed a "Brother man from another land" to come and read part of a story for a bit in "an old time nignog voice". Kevin came in and originally objected to reading the script but eventually gave in. As an avid listener they soon enrolled in the internship program and began working with The Monsters, then in middays. They were soon hired by sister station 105.5 "The Beat" in Ft. Myers, where they were number one in evenings for two years straight.
Angel Rivera
Angel started at Real Radio 104.1 as an intern for the Philips Phile. On the Phile, they performed a stunt in which they posed an exchange student from the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
After Angel's internship, they began working for Clear Channel Orlando's Sports Talk Station, where they hosted their own auto enthusiast program called Hot Ride Radio. They also worked as an Assistant Promotions coordinator with one of Real Radio's sister stations. During this time, Angel frequently made guest appearances on Real Radio.
Angel became a permanent fixture on Real Radio when they joined the SBK LIVE show on Saturday nights. Angel's love of music led to a segment on SBK Live, "What The Hell is Angel Listening To."
Cabin Boy
Cabin Boy, or "Matt", grew up in Pittsburgh. At the age of 18, they left home to attend Penn State University where they studied journalism. After working in radio for five years, they became the producer and co-host of SBK Live.
Segments
What's Buzzin' on the Net with Angel - Nightly
Tech Talk with Dirty Bird - Tuesdays, 8:15pm
Sing Bitch - Wednesdays, 10pm
Curtis Earth Trivia - Fridays, 10pm
Beer of the Week - Fridays, 10pm featuring a different micro-brew every week
Guests
Attorney Steve Kramer
Lady Raptastic
Robert
Dwight Howard
Master Legend
Kevin James
Rico From Charlotte
References
American talk radio programs
Mark Hopkins (September 1, 1813 – March 29, 1878) was an American railroad executive. They were one of four principal investors that funded Theodore D. Judah's idea of building a railway over the Sierra Nevada from Sacramento, California to Promontory, Utah. They formed the Central Pacific Railroad along with Leland Stanford, Charles Crocker, and Collis Huntington in 1861.
Early years and family life
Hopkins was born in Henderson, Jefferson County, New York to Mark Hopkins and Anastasia Lukens Kellogg, who were first cousins. Because their father died when they were a boy, they were never known as "Junior". The family moved to St. Clair, Michigan in 1824. Their father, Mark Hopkins (1779–1828), served as Postmaster, first in Henderson, NY, then in St. Clair, MI (known then as Palmer), where they were also Judge of Probate.
The elder Hopkins died in 1828, and their son left school to work as a clerk. In 1837, they studied law with their brother Henry but moved on through several business ventures. They were a partner in a firm called "Hopkins and Hughes", then a bookkeeper and later manager for "James Rowland and Company".
On September 22, 1854, in New York City, Hopkins married their first cousin, Mary Frances Sherwood. Though their background was Congregationalist, the wedding was at a Presbyterian Church. Mary and Mark Hopkins had no children of their own. Mary adopted Timothy Nolan, the adult son of their housekeeper, who took the Hopkins name and was given an administrative position at the Union Pacific Railroad. Despite Hopkins' thriftiness, their wife managed eventually to persuade them to build an ornate mansion at the top of Nob Hill in San Francisco, California, close to the mansions of other Central Pacific founders. The construction commenced in 1875. The architects were the prominent San Francisco firm of Wright and Sanders and the project manager was architectural engineer William Wallace Barbour Sheldon, who worked for Hopkins under the Southern Pacific Improvement Company.
California
When the California Gold Rush began, Hopkins created the "New England Mining and Trading Company", a group of 26 men each of whom invested $500 to purchase goods and ship them to California for sale. On January 22, 1849 Hopkins left New York City on the ship Pacific. After rounding Cape Horn, the ship arrived in San Francisco on August 5, 1849.
Hopkins opened a store in Placerville, California, but it did not succeed and they relocated to Sacramento where they opened a wholesale grocery in 1850 with their friend Edward H. Miller. Miller would later be secretary of the Central Pacific Railroad.
In 1855, Hopkins and Collis P. Huntington formed "Huntington Hopkins and Company" to operate a hardware and iron business in Sacramento.
In 1861, as part of The Big Four, they founded the Central Pacific Railroad. Sometimes called "Uncle Mark", they were the eldest of the four partners and was well known for their thriftiness (it was said that they knew how to "squeeze 106 cents out of every dollar", a reputation that gained them the post of company treasurer. Noted American historian Hubert Howe Bancroft quotes Collis Huntington as saying, "I never thought anything finished until Hopkins looked at it". Bancroft described Hopkins as the "balance-wheel of the Associates and one of the truest and best men that ever lived."
Later years and death
A Whig and later associated with the Free Soil Party, Hopkins was an abolitionist and an organizer of the Republican Party in California.
By then, Hopkins was having health problems and in 1878 died aboard a company train near Yuma, Arizona. At the time of their death, the house was not complete and was eventually finished and occupied by Mary. The structure later burned to the ground in a fire caused by the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. In 1926, the Mark Hopkins Hotel (currently InterContinental Mark Hopkins San Francisco) was built on the site.
Hopkins is buried in Sacramento Historic City Cemetery (aka Old City Cemetery) in Sacramento, California.
Estate controversy
Hopkins died without leaving a will, though their fortune estimated at $20–$40 million was inherited by their wife. Faced with the task of completing their new estate alone, Mary retained Herter Brothers, a prominent furniture and interior decorating firm in New York to finish furnishing and decorating the estate. Edward Francis Searles was dispatched by Herter Brothers to manage the completion of Mary's project. Despite being 22 years their junior they developed a close relationship. The unseemly courtship raised eyebrows and questions about the motives of the decorator in the wealthy social circles of San Francisco, but they married in 1887 to begin a six-month grand tour of Europe. Shortly after their return, Mary executed a new will that explicitly excluded their adopted son Timothy Nolan Hopkins, explaining; "The omission to provide in this will for my adopted son, Timothy Hopkins, is intentional, and not occasioned by accident or mistake", and left their fortunes to their new husband, Edward.
Mr. and Mrs. Searles moved to Edward's hometown of Methuen, Massachusetts, where Edward embarked on building a series of grand homes designed by English architect Henry Vaughan. Vaughan was best known for their Gothic Revival ecclesiastical architecture including; the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., three chapels at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York, and Christ Church in New Haven, Connecticut.
Mary died in 1891, less than four years after their marriage and the estate went into probate to reconcile a series of legal challenges by Timothy Hopkins (Mary's adopted son) that lasted for several years, to reclaim their lost inheritance. The controversy made good fodder for the press, California papers published stories suggesting that Edward had exploited Mary's interest in spiritualism and falsified records to wrest the estate from their adopted son and defraud business partners. Under oath, Edward testified that they had married Mary "…partly out of affection and partly for their money." Timothy lost their appeals; however, Edward later settled on Timothy a "token" amount of several million dollars. Timothy got the contents of the mansion in San Francisco, and the art institute got the building. (It was rumored at the time that Edward Searles had a friend/lover living with them after Mary's death and that Timothy Hopkins used this information to blackmail Edward after losing the court case.)
General Thomas Hubbard had been named the executor of Mary Frances Searle's will, and had been embroiled in the controversy as a witness with detailed knowledge of the Hopkins and Searles estates. When the probate case closed in Edward's favor, Hubbard declined any personal compensation but suggested an endowment to their alma mater Bowdoin College might make an enduring symbol of Edward's love for Mary. Edward agreed to build them the modern science building, still in service as Searles Hall.
For the remainder of their life, Edward, increasingly reclusive, continued building castles and estates designed by Henry Vaughan, including Searles Castle in Windham, N.H., (a ¼ replica of Stanton Harcourt Manor in Oxon, England) and Pine Lodge in their hometown of Methuen. Eventually, Edward Searles' lover inherited the Hopkins estate. They died several years later living modestly, as though they had never inherited a thing.
References
Further reading
Genealogy of Mark HOPKINS & Mary Frances SHERWOOD.
1813 births
1878 deaths
American railway entrepreneurs
19th-century American railroad executives
Businesspeople from California
California Whigs
19th-century American politicians
California Republicans
California Free Soilers
People from Henderson, New York
People from San Francisco
Nob Hill, San Francisco
People from Sacramento, California
People from St. Clair, Michigan
Vesyolaya Polyana () is a rural locality (a village) in Starokosteyevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Vesyolaya Polyana is located 29 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yurminka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
John Lee is an Australian academic and policy expert working on international economic and security affairs with a focus on the Indo-Pacific. Lee was a senior adviser to Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop from 2016 to 2018.  They are also a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute in Washington, DC and an Adjunct Professor and Senior Fellow at the United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney. Lee was a board member of the Institute for Regional Security (formerly Kokoda Foundation) from 2012 until August 2016.
Early life and education
Lee was born in Ipoh, Malaysia in 1973. They migrated to Australia with their family in 1979 at the age of six years, first to Newcastle and then Sydney from 1984 onward. After boarding at the Sydney GPS school, St Joseph's College, Hunters Hill and finishing their HSC in 1991, they graduated with degrees in Arts (First Class in Philosophy) and Law from the University of New South Wales and obtained their masters and doctorate in international relations from the University of Oxford whilst on an Oxford Chevening Scholarship.
Career
Lee published a book, Will China fail? - the limits and contradictions of market socialism, in 2007. An updated second edition was released in 2009. The subject of this book is the complexities and risks associated with China's approach to economic development, which Lee asserts to be flawed, unsustainable, dangerously unstable, and unlikely if not incapable of providing a foundation for the continuation of China's 'peaceful rise' or 'peaceful development'. In 2014, they co-authored a report with Paul Dibb titled Why China Will Not Become The Dominant Power in Asia The report rejects the idea that America should step back from the region and treat China as a strategic equal in Asia; that China's military, economic and demographic shortcomings are considerable; that a China-dominated Asian region is unlikely without American strategic withdrawal; and defence planning in Australia should not assume Chinese dominance as inevitable. Lee has also emphasised the importance and desirability of Japanese power for a stable balance in the Indo-Pacific in the current century.
Lee has written extensively on the subject of China's political-economy, foreign policies of the United States, China, Japan, India, Australia and in Southeast Asia, and strategic and economic futures in East Asia. Lee has published more than 300 articles in newspapers, magazines, and journals, including the Wall Street Journal, International Herald Tribune, The Australian, the New York Times, Washington Post, Financial Times, Forbes, The Times of London, The Australian Financial Review, Time, Der Spiegel, South China Morning Post, Global Times, Washington Quarterly, and Newsweek.
References
External links
Living people
University of Sydney faculty
University of New South Wales alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
1973 births
People from Ipoh
Australian people of Malaysian descent
Australian political scientists
United Nations Security Council resolution 1623, adopted unanimously on 13 September 2005, after reaffirming all resolutions on the situation in Afghanistan, particularly resolutions 1386 (2001), 1413 (2002), 1444 (2002), 1510 (2003) and 1563 (2004), and resolutions 1368 (2001) and 1373 (2001) on terrorism, the council extended the authorisation of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) until mid-October 2006.
Resolution
Observations
The security council recognised that the responsibility for providing security and law and order throughout Afghanistan resided with Afghans themselves. It recalled the Bonn Agreement and its provision for the progressive expansion of ISAF to other areas beyond Kabul. The council also stressed the importance of the expansion of central government authority, security sector reform and comprehensive disarmament, demobilisation and combating the narcotics trade. There were concerns that the Bonn Agreement could not be fully implemented due to the security situation in parts of the country.
The resolution welcomed the co-operation of the Afghan Transitional Administration and the intention of ISAF and Operation Enduring Freedom to assist with national elections. It also appreciated Italy for taking lead of ISAF in place of Turkey, and commended nations that had contributed to Eurocorps. The Council determined the situation in Afghanistan to be a threat to international peace and security.
Acts
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the council expanded the mandate of ISAF for a period of twelve months beyond 13 October 2005. ISAF was asked to work with the transitional administration and its successors, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Operation Enduring Freedom.
States participating in the force were authorised to use all necessary measures to fulfil the mandate, while other member states were asked to contribute personnel and resources to the operation. Finally, the ISAF leadership was requested to provide quarterly reports on the implementation of its mandate.
See also
War in Afghanistan (1978–present)
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1601 to 1700 (2005–2006)
United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan
War in Afghanistan (2001–present)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1623
2005 in Afghanistan
1623
September 2005 events
Novoursayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Novoursayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 418 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Novoursayevo is located 37 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Muslyuminka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Ray Harris (September 7, 1927 – November 13, 2003) was an American rockabilly musician and songwriter. They formed a band with Wayne Powers, and wrote the songs "Come On, Little Mama" and "Greenback Dollar, Watch and Chain". They eventually recorded these at Sun Records with Sam Phillips. They also produced artists at Hi Records. Like others such as Sonny Burgess, Hayden Thompson, Billy Lee Riley and Warren Smith, chart success largely eluded him.
Born in Tupelo, Mississippi, Harris died in November 2003 in Mooreville, Mississippi, at the age of 76.
References
External links
Rockabilly Hall of Fame Profile
Sun Records artists
1927 births
2003 deaths
People from Tupelo, Mississippi
Bulgwang-dong is a neighbourhood (dong) of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea. It originated from the fact that there are many large and small temples, including rocks and Bulgwangsa Temple, located at the foot of Bukhansan Mountain (Samgaksan Mountain).
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Bulgwang 1-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
Rodder is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Consequences of War, also known as Horror of war, was executed between 1638-1639 by Peter Paul Rubens in oil paint on canvas. It was painted for Ferdinando II de' Medici. Although commissioned by an Italian, art historians characterize both the work and the artist as Flemish Baroque. It serves as a commentary on a European continent ravaged by the Thirty Years' War, and the artist employed numerous symbols, both contemporary and ancient, to deplore the state of the continent.
Symbols
Mars: Mars is the central figure in the composition. The Roman god of war charges with shield and sword as well as breastplate and helmet. The figure's skin and cape are dominated by the color red to further emphasize their identity as the Roman god of war.
Book and Drawing: Underneath Mars's feet lie a book and a drawing. These represent the manner in which the arts and letters are forgotten and destroyed in the chaos and violence of war.
Temple of Janus: To the far left of the painting, the Temple of Janus appears with its door ajar. In Ancient Rome, the Temple of Janus would be closed to indicate times of peace while an open door denoted war. This phenomenon is referenced in Fasti by Ovid.
Venus: The Roman goddess of love (and Mars's mistress) endeavors to restrain Mars and maintain peace. Them arm is looped ineffectually around theirs in a physical gesture. Them expression, meanwhile, plaintively entreaties Mars to stop their charge. Venus is depicted in typical Rubensian fashion with characteristic rolls of exposed flesh (See Arrival of Marie de' Medici or The Judgment of Paris for comparison.) The goddess is accompanied by Amors and Cupids who attempt to assist them
Fury Alekto: Alekto drags Mars on to their destructive purpose with a torch held high. Alekto was the Greek and Roman incarnation of anger. They appear in both Virgil's Aeneid and Dante's Inferno. Alekto translates from the Greek to “the implacable or unceasing anger.”
Pestilence and Famine: These effects of war are depicted as monsters accompanying Fury Alekto in order to heighten the terror of the scene. In addition, they deliberately refer to the apocalypse.
Harmony: Rubens depicts Harmony as a woman holding a lute. However the chaos has pushed them to the ground and broken them lute. The damage to the lute represents the discord of war.
Mother: Beside Harmony a mother clutches a child. This, Rubens writes, shows how “War corrupts and disrupts and destroys everything” including “procreation and charity.”
Architect: An architect and their instruments have similarly fallen to the ground, showing how in times of war destruction, and not creation, is the norm.
Arrows: Arrows lie on the ground near Venus and the Amors. When bound together they represent Concord but in their present state show its absence. Next to them lie the olive branch and caduceus, the symbols of peace. They too are depicted cast upon the ground to signify their absence in Europe.
Woman in black: The figure to Venus's left represents Europe and its suffering. Them cross-topped globe represents the Christian world and is carried by the small angel to their immediate left.
Historical context
Rubens painted Consequences of War between 1638 and 1639 in response to the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648). The conflict's origins are complex and diverse but animosity between Protestants and Catholics played a significant role. In addition, struggles for political power in Europe contributed to and prolonged the war. Nearly all European states fought at some point in the conflict's long time span. The fighting involved Spain, France, Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands, Austria, Poland, the Ottoman Empire, and the Holy Roman Empire. In particular, the war represented a continuation and extension of Habsburg and Bourbon rivalry as well as French and Habsburg animosity.
As depicted in Consequences of War, the fighting led to the destruction of large areas of Europe as well as outbreaks of both pestilence and famine. Much of the fighting took place in the German states which suffered significant depopulation as a result. The Thirty Years' War ended in 1648 with the treaties of Osnabruck and Munster as well as the Peace of Westphalia.
Rubens the diplomat
Peter Paul Rubens was not only a virtuosic painter but also a passionate and crafty diplomat. Rubens, although closely allied to Isabella and the Spanish Netherlands, often had occasion to travel and visit foreign monarchs in their position as a court painter. Rubens associated with the dukes of Mantua, King Phillip IV, Charles I, and Marie de' Medici. They served as a negotiator for the Spanish Netherlands (and for the cause of peace more generally), and for France and England.
Indeed, Rubens lobbied for an end to the Thirty Years' War with considerable passion and cleverness. The painter sought to bring Spain and England, traditional enemies, to peace in the hopes that the Spanish would then pressure the Dutch into following suit. During this period Rubens carried messages, demands, and concession agreements back and forth between Phillip IV and Charles I to ultimately reach a conclusion. For their diplomatic work Rubens was eventually decreed a “gentleman of the household” by Isabella and knighted by Charles I.
This unique position as both a master painter and trusted diplomat clearly informed Consequences of War. The painting shows the artist's sincere desire for peace and their justified horror at how war has ravaged Europe. Indeed, their diplomatic work allowed them and burdened them with considerable knowledge of the state of the continent and the consequences war had wrought.
Artistic style
Rubens' work, including Consequences of War, represents the height of Flemish Baroque painting. Their style is referred to as pan-European and synthesizes elements of Italian Renaissance and Baroque artists to form their own artistic approach. The work of Michelangelo, Titian, Carracci, and Caravaggio informed Rubens's paintings in varying degrees.
Viewers note the influence of Michelangelo in Rubens's interest and brilliance in depicting the human form. Consequences of War contains not only Rubens's trademark women but also the well muscled forms of Mars, Alekto, and the architect. These muscular figures are reminiscent of the powerful specimens depicted in Michelangelo's Last Judgment, David, and The Creation of Adam. This trend in Rubens's art is actually best shown in the extraordinarily well built men of Rubens's Elevation of the Cross.
Titian's influence is most evident with respect to depiction of the female nude. Rubens's women bear a striking resemblance to Titian's Venus with a Mirror and Nymph and Shepherd. However Titian's most famous work, Venus of Urbino, undoubtedly inspired Rubens's depiction of them in Consequences of War. The similarity between the two portraits of the goddess is unmistakable.
Rubens's debt to Annibale Carracci lies at least in part in their composition. The densely populated drama of Consequences of War recalls Carracci's Loves of the Gods, in particular The Triumph of Bacchus. Furthermore, the careful use of color, light, and shadow as opposed to line to show space used by Carracci in Flight into Egypt became a key part of Rubens's style. Indeed, Rubens's style became a highly coloristic one.
Notes
References
Kleiner, Fred. Gardner's Art Through the Ages. 13th ed. Vol. II. Clark Baxter, 2009. Print.
Mythological paintings by Peter Paul Rubens
1630s paintings
War paintings
Anti-war paintings
Nude art
Paintings in the collection of the Galleria Palatina
Paintings of Mars (mythology)
Paintings of Venus
Paintings based on Fasti (poem)
Lake Konomoc is a dammed lake near Palmertown in New London County, Connecticut.
References
Geography of New London County, Connecticut
Acrolepia marmaropis is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1919
Acrolepiidae
Zatrephes nitida is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Pieter Cramer in 1780. It is found in French Guiana and Suriname.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1780
Moths of South America
Luke is a surname.
The name Luke is the English form of the Latin name . It is derived from the Latin name Lucius, and it either means "the great Lucius", or it is a shortened form of the Latin name. Lucius means "the bright one" or "the one born at dawn".
Surname
Alan Luke (born 1959), British speed skater
Alexandra Luke (1901–1967), Canadian artist
Alfred James Luke (1871–1920), Australian politician
Arthur Luke (1923–1996), Australian rules footballer
Austin Luke (born 1994), American basketball player
Benny Luke (1939–2013), French-American actor
Billy Luke (1890–1992), English footballer
Charles Luke (disambiguation), multiple people
Charlie Luke (disambiguation), multiple people
Cole Luke (born 1995), American football player
David Luke (1921–2005), German scholar
Dennick Luke (born 2001), Dominican runner
Derek Luke (born 1974), American actor
Derek Luke (soccer) (born 1993), American soccer player
Desiree Luke, Trinidadian cricketer
Desmond Luke (born 1935), Sierra Leonian politician
Doug Luke (1929–2015), English photographer
Émile F. Luke (1895–1980), Sierra Leonian scouting official
Eric Luke, American writer
Frank Luke (1897–1918), American fighter pilot
Fred Luke (born 1946), American athlete
Frederick Luke (1895–1983), English army officer
Gabriel Luke (born 1969), American sprinter
Gaddam Samuel Luke (1920–2000), Indian bishop
Gail Luke (born 1963), Australian hurdler
George Luke (1933–2010), English footballer
George Luke (footballer, born 1948) (born 1948), English footballer
Harry Luke (1884–1969), British colonial official
Horace Luke (born 1970), Taiwanese entrepreneur
Iain Luke (born 1951), Scottish politician
Issac Luke (born 1987), New Zealand rugby league footballer
Jan Lüke (born 1989), German rower
Jemima Luke (1813–1906), English writer
Jeremy Luke (born 1977), American actor
John Luke (disambiguation), multiple people
Jordan Luke (born 1993/1994), Australian rugby union footballer
Josef Lüke (1899–1948), German footballer
Kenneth Luke (1896–1971), Australian manufacturer
Keye Luke (1904–1991), Chinese-American actor
Laidback Luke (born 1976), Dutch-Filipino disc jockey
Lauren Luke (born 1981), English makeup artist
Matt Luke (disambiguation), multiple people
Matthew Luke (??–1722), Italian pirate
Ming Luke, American conductor
Monte Luke (1885–1962), Australian photographer
Ned Luke (born 1958), American actor
Noel Luke (born 1964), English footballer
Oliver Luke (1574–1651), English politician
Onofiok Luke (born 1978), Nigerian politician
Pearl Luke (born 1958), Canadian novelist
Peter Luke (1919–1995), British writer
Richard Luke (1948–2014), Australian rules footballer
Robin Luke (born 1942), American singer
Samuel Luke (1603–1670), English politician
Soni Luke (born 1996), Australian rugby league footballer
Steve Luke (born 1953), American football player
Tamara Luke (born 1988), Australian rules footballer
Theresa Luke (born 1967), Canadian rower
Thomas Luke (1891–1935), British pilot
Timothy Luke (born 1951), American professor
Tony Luke (born 1985), Indian actor
Tony Luke Jr. (born 1962), American restaurateur
Wing Luke (1925–1965), Chinese-American politician
Yudell Luke (1918–1983), American mathematician
References
Masculine surnames
Surnames from given names
Poul Nielsen was a footballer who represented the Denmark national football team as a striker between 1910 and 1925. They scored their first international goal on 2 July 1912 in a 4–1 win over the Netherlands at the 1912 Summer Olympics semi-finals. Since then, they have become their country's all-time top scorer in international football, with 52 goals in just 38 appearances for the Danish.
On 5 October 1913, Nielsen scored their first international hat-trick against Sweden during a friendly match, netting 6 goals in a 10–0 win. They have scored a national record of eight international hat-tricks (5 of which against Norway), and besides their 6-goal haul against Sweden, they have also netted five international goals in just over 10 minutes in a match against Norway on 7 October 1917.
International goals
Scores and results list Denmark's goal tally first and score column indicates the score after each Nielsen goal.
Hat-tricks
Statistics
See also
List of men's footballers with 50 or more international goals
References
Denmark national football team
Nielsen, Poul
Thomas McLaughlin (1878 or 1879 – April 1944) was an Irish nationalist politician.
Born in Armagh, they became politically active and rose to become the chair of Armagh Urban Council and a member of Armagh County Council. They also served as Supreme Knight of the Knights of Saint Columbanus. In 1928, they were the founding chairperson of the National League of the North in Armagh. In 1933, they were elected to represent the Nationalist Party in the Senate of Northern Ireland, and served until their death.
References
1878 births
1944 deaths
Members of Armagh County Council
Members of the Senate of Northern Ireland 1933–1937
Members of the Senate of Northern Ireland 1937–1941
Members of the Senate of Northern Ireland 1941–1945
Nationalist Party (Ireland) members of the Senate of Northern Ireland
The T202 Baseball cards, also known as the Hassan Triple Folder were baseball cards manufactured and distributed by the American Tobacco Company in 1912. The cards were inserted into packs of "Hassan Cork Tip Cigarettes". Several characteristics make this vintage card a standout amongst other forms of tobacco advertising of the time and lend to its value as a highly sought-after collectible.
This set was a step further in comparison with another American Tobacco release, the T201 set of 1911, that had featured two players on the same card.
Overview
The cards were quite large in comparison to the T205 (1911) and T206 (1909 to 1911) cards from the same time period. The T202 was designed as a triptych or as it is referred to in the baseball card collecting hobby a triple folder. Each of the end panels displayed an individual player in color, while the center panel contained a black-and-white photo of "live action" baseball players. To insert the card into packs of cigarettes the two end panels were folded over the center panel. When the card is fully extended it measures 5" wide by 2" high.
The T202 set consisted of 132 total cards with numerous combinations of end panels and center panels. Prominent players of the time who appeared on the most end and center panel combinations were Christy Mathewson, who appeared on ten different cards all on end panels, and Ty Cobb, who appeared on a combination of over six different cards including end and center panels.
Card backs include biographies for the players and a text describing the live-action scene on the middle. All of those text also featured a Hassan Cigarettes advertising below. Some of the players featured on the end panels also appeared on the middle action, but not always. Both leagues, American and National, also featured different card designs.
Value
According to several recent sales on Ebay, the common T202 that is rated a PSA 5 or better will cost at least $200. Cards that have at least one Hall of Fame player highlighted in any of the three pictures, that are rated a PSA 5 or better will cost at least $250. Some Hall of Famers command higher prices than others, but Ty Cobb generally commands the most money. A Cobb in PSA 5 condition will cost at least $1500 as of 2019. There is an unusual rarity in this set, however. The Lord Catches Their Man card, previously considered a common card worth around $100, has dramatically increased in price, due to the speculation that the center picture of the card may be Shoeless Joe Jackson. The theory seems to be backed up by a photo taken in a newspaper from the same year the card came out. The photo and the card appear to match. If the center panel is, in fact, Shoeless Joe Jackson, it will most likely easily be the most valuable card in the set, as they do not appear in any other card.
References
Baseball cards
The economy of Curaçao is a high income economy, as defined by the World Bank. The island has a well-developed infrastructure with strong tourism and financial services sectors. Shipping, international trade, oil refining, and other activities related to the port of Willemstad (like the Free Trade Zone) also make a significant contribution to the economy.
Curaçao has one of the highest standards of living in the Caribbean, ranking 46th in the world in terms of GDP (PPP) per capita and 28th in the world in terms of nominal GDP per capita.
To achieve the government's aim to make its economy more diverse, efforts are being made to attract more foreign investment. This policy, called the 'Open Arms' policy, features a heavy focus on information technology companies.
History
Early in its history, Curaçao's economy was centered on salt mining from saline-rich ponds located in the eastern part of the island. Up until that time, dating back to the 16th century, settlers (first Spanish and later Dutch) made numerous, failed attempts at creating an agricultural industry. Curaçao's arid climate, which features few freshwater sources, made it difficult and unprofitable.
Although the island's geography was at first considered an obstacle economically, it later proved to be invaluable due to its ideal location for trade and commerce. Shipping and trading operations centered on the port of Willemstad played an important role in the development of the economy.
In the early 20th century, discovery of oil in Venezuela caused major oil companies to invest in the region. Beginning in 1920, oil refining has become a key part of the island's economy, representing nearly 90% of its exports.
During WWII, Curaçao was a safe-haven for Dutch multi-national companies, beginning the island's history as a financial services center.
Tourism is also becoming an increasingly important sector of the economy. The construction of the Mega Pier has recently allowed larger cruise ships to dock at Curaçao, increasing its position as a tourism destination.
Tourism
Curaçao is a popular tourism location for the Eastern United States, South America, the Netherlands and Germany. It leads the Caribbean in cruise tourism growth with 610,186 cruise passengers in 2013, a 41.4% increase over the prior year. Hato International Airport received 1,772,501 passengers in 2013 and recently announced $48 million in capital investments aimed at transforming the airport into a regional hub by 2018. Beginning in early 2014, the Lynx rocketplane is expected to be flying suborbital space tourism flights and scientific research missions from a new spaceport on Curaçao. The island lies outside of the Hurricane belt and has a well-developed tourism infrastructure.
Curaçao's coast has a sharp drop-off known as the "Blue Edge" which makes it a popular scuba diving destination. Coral reefs for snorkeling and scuba diving can be reached without a boat. The southern coast has calm waters as well as many small beaches, such as Jan Thiel and Cas Abou. The coastline of Curaçao features numerous bays and inlets which serve as popular mooring locations for boats.
Some of the coral reefs are affected by tourism. Porto Marie Beach is experimenting with artificial coral reefs in order to improve the reef's condition. Hundreds of artificial coral blocks that have been placed are now home to a large array of tropical fish.
Oil refining
The discovery of oil in the Maracaibo Basin of Venezuela in the early 20th century forced the Venezuelan government to search for ideal locations for large scale refining. Curaçao's proximity to the country, naturally deep harbors, and stable government led Royal Dutch Shell to construct the , the largest refinery in the world at the time. The refinery is located in the Schottegat, the natural harbour beyond Willemstad and began operating in 1918.
Presently Venezuela's state oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) operates the Isla refinery, which has a 320,000 barrel per day capacity .
In 2017, negotiations were underway with a Chinese company, (GZE). In July, the discussions were suspended but Prime Minister Rhuggenaath announced that they would travel to China later in the year to reopen negotiations.
Financial services
Curaçao's history in financial services dates from World War I with the conversion of the financial arms of local merchant houses into commercial banks. As the economy grew, these banks began assuming additional functions eventually becoming full-fledged financial institutions. The Dutch Caribbean Securities Exchange is located in the capital of Willemstad, as is the Central Bank of Curaçao and Sint Maarten; the latter of which dates to 1828 making it the oldest central bank in the Western Hemisphere. The island's legal system supports a wide variety of corporate structures and is a popular corporate haven. Curaçao is considered a tax haven yet it adheres to the EU Code of Conduct against harmful tax practices. It holds a qualified intermediary status from the United States I.R.S. and is an accepted jurisdiction of the OECD and Caribbean Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering. The country strongly enforces Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism funding compliance.
See also
Curaçao Economy
Economy of the Caribbean
Caribbean guilder
Central Bank of Curaçao and Sint Maarten
Central banks and currencies of the Caribbean
Dutch Caribbean Securities Exchange
List of countries by credit rating
List of Latin American and Caribbean countries by GDP (nominal)
List of Latin American and Caribbean countries by GDP (PPP)
List of countries by tax revenue as percentage of GDP
List of countries by future gross government debt
List of countries by leading trade partners
References
William Morrison Karr Jr. (November 29, 1911 – October 29, 1979) was an American football end who played six seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Bears from 1933 to 1938. They twice led the NFL in receiving touchdowns and was selected to the 1935 All-Pro Team.
Early years
Karr was born in 1911 in Ripley, West Virginia. They attended West Virginia University from 1929 to 1933, competing in boxing, baseball, football, track, and basketball. They played at the end position for Greasy Neale's 1931 and 1932 West Virginia football teams.
Professional football
Karr joined the Chicago Bears in 1933. As a rookie, they appeared in all 13 games, playing at the end position. They led the NFL in 1933 with three touchdown receptions and helped lead the Bears to their first NFL championship. In the 1933 NFL Championship Game, Karr scored two touchdowns, one on a pass from Bronko Nagurski and then taking a lateral for 31 yards and the winning touchdown with three minutes remaining.
Karr again led the NFL in receiving touchdowns with six in 1935. They were selected as a first-team player on the 1935 All-Pro Team and as a second-team player on the 1934 and 1937 teams.
Playing in six NFL seasons, Karr appeared in 63 games and totaled 48 receptions, 1,032 receiving yards, 18 receiving touchdowns, and 120 points scored. In 1941, George Halas selected Karr as the right end on their All-Time Bears team.
Later years
In 1939, Karr joined the West Virginia State Police.
Karr died in 1978 at Clendenin, West Virginia.
References
1911 births
1979 deaths
American football ends
Chicago Bears players
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
People from Ripley, West Virginia
People from Clendenin, West Virginia
Rafael Díaz Ycaza (October 24, 1925 - August 28, 2013) was an Ecuadorian poet, novelist, short story writer, and columnist for the Ecuadorian newspaper El Universo.
 They are the author of many books of poetry, and also wrote novels. Their first published work was Statues at Sea (1946) and the last was Pure Beast Alba, a poem anthology, published in September 2007.
Rafael Díaz Ycaza rose to prominence with their poems at a young age, earning a reputation as a poet of great talent. They became one of the most popular and respected poets of Guayaquil and the country. Ycaza also wrote prose. They were also a journalist, writing the column 'Bottle Sea' in El Universo for several years. They also occupied the position of president of the Guayas branch of the House of Ecuadorian Culture. Their stellar career and contributions to Ecuadorian literature were acknowledged in 2011, when they were awarded the Eugenio Espejo National Award.
Awards
The "Premio Eugenio Espejo" National Award in Literature
The "Aurelio Espinoza Pólit" National Award
The "José de la Cuadra" Short Story Award
The "Medardo Ángel Silva" National Poetry Award
The "Ismael Pérez Pazmiño" Award
The "Carlos Zevallos Menéndez" Medal
Works
Poetry
Estatuas en el mar (1946)
Cuaderno de bitácora (1949)
Las llaves de aquel país (1954)
El regreso y los sueños (1959)
Botella al mar (1965)
Zona prohibida (1972)
Señas y contraseñas -antología- (Guayaquil, 1978)
Mareas altas: canciones y elegías (Guayaquil, 1993)
Novels
Los rostros del miedo (Guayaquil, 1962)
Los prisioneros de la noche (Quito, 1967)
Short Stories
Las fieras (Guayaquil, 1952)
Los ángeles errantes (Guayaquil, 1958)
Tierna y violentamente (Guayaquil, 1970)
Porlamar (Guayaquil, 1977)
Porlatierra (Quito, 1978)
Prometeo el joven y otras morisquetas (Quito, 1986)
Consta en las antologías: El nuevo relato ecuatoriano (Quito, 1951)
Pensamiento y literatura del Ecuador: crítica y antología (Quito, 1972)
Antología del relato ecuatoriano (Quito, 1973)
Cuento ecuatoriano contemporáneo (s.f.);
Madrugada: una antología de la poesía ecuatoriana (Guayaquil, 1976)
Lírica ecuatoriana contemporánea (Bogotá, 1979)
Poesía viva del Ecuador (Quito, 1990)
La palabra perdurable (Quito, 1991)
Así en la tierra como en los sueños (Quito, 1991)
Cuento contigo (Guayaquil, 1993)
Antología básica del cuento ecuatoriano (Quito, 1998)
Cuento ecuatoriano de finales del siglos XX (Quito, 1999).
References
1925 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Ecuadorian poets
Ecuadorian novelists
Ecuadorian male short story writers
Ecuadorian short story writers
People from Guayaquil
20th-century novelists
Ecuadorian journalists
Male journalists
Ecuadorian male poets
Male novelists
20th-century short story writers
20th-century male writers
The 2001 Hopman Cup (also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis championship won by Switzerland's Martina Hingis and Roger Federer. Hingis and Federer defeated Monica Seles and Jan-Michael Gambill of the United States in the final. The tournament was hosted at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth, Western Australia from 30 December 2000 through 6 January 2001.
Overall standings
Play-off
Belgium vs. Japan
Group A
Teams and standings
South Africa vs. Australia
South Africa vs. Thailand
Switzerland vs. Australia
Switzerland vs. South Africa
Switzerland vs. Thailand
Thailand vs. Australia
Group B
Teams and standings
Belgium vs. Russia
Russia vs. Slovakia
Slovakia vs. Belgium
United States vs. Belgium
United States vs. Russia
United States vs. Slovakia
Final
External links
Hopman Cups by year
Hopman Cup
Hopman Cup
American Iron is a group of North American road racing classes sanctioned by the National Auto Sport Association (NASA).
American Iron racing features domestic muscle or pony cars such as Ford Mustang, Chevrolet Camaro, and Pontiac Firebird in four classes, Camaro Mustang Challenge (CMC & CMC-II), American Iron (AI), and American Iron Extreme (AIX). It has large, closely contested fields of V8 powered cars.
The different classes reflect various levels of permitted modifications, from the near showroom stock entry level Camaro Mustang Challenge (CMC) class, through to the "almost anything goes" American Iron Extreme (AIX) class at the opposite end of the scale. CMC, CMC-II, and AI classes have a power to weight limitation, while AIX is unrestricted.
The minimum weight for an American Iron race car is 2,700 pounds with driver included. The AI class has a maximum power to weight ratio of 9.5:1 (9.5 lbs of vehicle weight per horsepower) and a maximum torque to weight ratio of 9:1 (9 pounds of vehicle weight per each foot-pound). Both are measured at the rear wheels. These formulas are designed to allow differences in vehicle handling and power while equalizing the competition and keeping race team budgets low by penalizing excessive power.
American Iron races are run at all NASA regional events, as well as the annual National Championships currently held each year in September at Miller Motorsports Park in Tooele, Utah. Previously, the championships were held at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course.
External links
American Iron Official Site
Camaro Mustang Challenge Official Site
American Iron rules (PDF)
Camaro Mustang Challenge rules (PDF)
AI/CMC Texas Region Site
How to Build a Mustang Race Car for American Iron
Sports car racing series
Auto racing series in the United States
Stephen Francis Sharkey (December 30, 1918 – March 15, 1995) was an American professional basketball player. They played for the Sheboygan Red Skins and Syracuse Nationals in the National Basketball League, where they averaged 4.2 points per game in 120 appearances.
References
1918 births
1995 deaths
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New York (state)
Forwards (basketball)
Guards (basketball)
Sheboygan Red Skins players
Sportspeople from Schenectady, New York
Syracuse Nationals players
Hans-Peter Jakst (born 23 July 1954) is a German former racing cyclist. They won the German National Road Race in 1979. They also competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Osnabrück
German cycling road race champions
Olympic cyclists of West Germany
Cyclists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from North Rhine-Westphalia
All Night Session! Vol. 1 is an album by pianist Hampton Hawes from a session recorded the night of November 12, 1956 at Contemporary's Studios in Los Angeles and released on Contemporary Records.
Reception
In their review for AllMusic review states Arwulf Grenier wrote, "This studio session contained many elements associated with a live gig: the work took place during regular nightclub performing hours, the improvisations were mostly extended, and there were no alternate takes. A remarkable freshness and spontaneity prevailed throughout the session".
Track listing
"Jordu" (Duke Jordan) – 7:07
"Groovin' High" (Dizzy Gillespie) – 5:48
"Takin' Care" (Hampton Hawes) – 8:09
"Broadway" (Billy Bird, Teddy McRae, Henri Wood) – 6:54
"Hampton's Pulpit" (Hawes) – 11:14
Personnel
Hampton Hawes – piano
Jim Hall – guitar
Red Mitchell – bass
Eldridge Freeman – drums
References
Contemporary Records albums
Hampton Hawes albums
1958 albums
The Lyceum International School, popularly known as LIS and its students as Lyceumers, is a school providing primary and secondary education in Sri Lanka. It is a network of schools in Sri Lanka.
History
Lyceum International School was founded by Mohan Lal Grero in 1993, Lyceum International School began with seven students and five teachers. The motto is derived from the Ancient Greek aphorism "Know thyself". The motto itself has no application within the curriculum or teaching style. Today Lyceum is made up of the parent-school in Nugegoda and eight branch schools in Kandana(LK), Panadura(LP), Wattala(LW), Ratnapura(LR), Gampaha(LG), Nuwara Eliya(LE), Anuradhapura(LA) and Kurunegala(LK) Kottawa.
Lyceum Academy for Higher Education was founded by its managing director Mohan Lal Grero on 7 September 1989. This was situated at Raymond Road, Nugegoda where the present campus stands. At that time Lyceum had only two classrooms and the organization had only external students.
The Lyceum International Schools Network now has over 20,000 students.
Lyceum Panadura is the second branch of the Lyceum International Schools. It celebrated its 21st anniversary in May 2021. Lyceum Panadura was started in year 2000 with 3 teachers and 23 students at Walana.
Curriculum
Lyceum prepares its senior school students to sit for the Cambridge International Examinations for their Ordinary Levels and Advanced Level Examinations endorsed by the University of Cambridge, in the United Kingdom, and by the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES), its examination body.
Since 2010, students are given the option of choosing between the Cambridge syllabus or the National syllabus in the English language, which gives them the opportunity to be eligible for higher education at public universities in Sri Lanka.
Lyceum has consistently produced some of the island's best examination results, and its students have successfully been enrolled in the world's best universities.
Lyceum has launched the first phase of E-Learning at the Lyceum Group along with the instigation of curfew, on the 16th of March 2020.
Achievements
Model United Nations Club
Lyceum is an annual participant of COMUN (Colombo Model United Nations) and SLMUN (Sri Lanka Model United Nations). The lyceum delegation won the best school and best delegation award in the COMUN 2011 Conference along with several other awards and has also been runners-up in most of the previous conferences. Lyceum International School Wattala Branch also has participated in COMUN 2012 Conference winning GA2 Best Delegate Award.
Lyceum International School Nugegoda Branch annually Hosts LISMUN Conference.
Inter International Schools Athletic Championship (ISAC)
The Lyceum branches of schools have won the ISAC consecutively along with Lyceum Nugegoda hosting the ISAC for the ninth time at the Mahinda Rajapakse Stadium, Diyagama, and Gateway College Colombo also playing a part in hosting the ISAC nine times.
References
Educational institutions established in 1993
International schools in Sri Lanka
Cambridge schools in Sri Lanka
1993 establishments in Sri Lanka
Paap Ka Ant is a 1989 Indian film directed by Vijay Reddy. It stars Govinda, Madhuri Dixit in lead roles, along with Rajesh Khanna, Hema Malini in very very special appearances. The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Cast
Rajesh Khanna as DCP Khanna
Hema Malini as Advocate Jyoti
Govinda as Inspector Arjun
Madhuri Dixit as Nisha
Anupam Kher as Minister Prajapati
Ranjeet as Shakaal
Mac Mohan
Viju Khote
Asrani
Guddi Maruti
Dinesh Hingoo as IG
Plot
A woman fights for justice after their fiancé is killed by criminals who are acquitted for their murder.
Soundtrack
"Hum Tum Dance Karenge" - Alka Yagnik, Amit Kumar
"Ishq Tere Ne" - Kavita Krishnamurthy, Shabbir Kumar
"Koi Vada Koi Iqrar Na Kiya" - Lata Mangeshkar, Mohammed Aziz
"Deewane Dil Ke Deewane" - Mohammed Aziz, Kavita Krishnamurthy
"Zindagi Ne Kiye" - Mohammed Aziz
External links
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
1980s Hindi-language films
1989 films
Polidin is an immunomodulator vaccine invented in Romania at the Cantacuzino Institute and licensed in 1966.
References
Vaccines
Romanian brands
The Bahia spinetail (Synallaxis cinerea) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Synallaxis
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1831
Taxa named by Prince Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sasso di Castalda (Lucano: ) is a town and comune within the province of Potenza, in the region of Basilicata, Italy.
Notes
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Citizens' Congress can either refer to:
Citizens' Congress of the Republic of Latvia
Congress of Estonia
In Hawaiian religion, the god Lono is associated with fertility, agriculture, rainfall, music and peace. In one of the many Hawaiian stories of Lono, they are a fertility and music god who descended to Earth on a rainbow to marry Laka. In agricultural and planting traditions, Lono was identified with rain and food plants. They were one of the four gods (with Kū, Kāne, and Kāne's twin brother Kanaloa) who existed before the world was created. Lono was also the god of peace. In their honor, the great annual festival of the Makahiki was held. During this period (from October through February), war and unnecessary work was kapu (forbidden).
In Hawaiian weather terminology, the winter Kona storms that bring rain to leeward areas are associated with Lono. Lono brings on the rains and dispenses fertility, and as such was sometimes referred to as Lono-makua (Lono the Provider). Ceremonies went through a monthly and yearly cycle. For 8 months of the year, the luakini (temple) was dedicated to Ku-with strict kapus. Four periods (kapu pule) each month required strict ceremonies. Violators could have their property seized by priests or overlord chiefs, or be sentenced to death for serious breaches.
Lono and Captain Cook
Some Native Hawaiians may have misidentified Captain James Cook as Lono's incarnation, which may have later caused Cook's death (see Third voyage of James Cook). It is uncertain whether Cook was mistaken for the god Lono, or one of several historical or legendary figures also named Lono-i-ka-Makahiki. It was traditionally held that the god Lono had appeared as a human who then established games and the annual taxing. Before departing to "Kahiki", they promised to return "by sea on the canoes ʻAuwaʻalalua". An unidentified queen identified it as a "Spanish man of war", recalling the alleged arrival of a Spanish galleon. Mary Pukui interpreted this as "very large double canoe", from ʻAu[hau]-waʻa-l[o]a-lua. However, Pukui may have been referring to the Portuguese man o' war, which Hawaiians called ʻAuwaʻalalua.
Other Lonos (different cultures and beliefs)
Better known to the Hawaiian mythology is an earlier Lono-i-ka-makahiki from the ʻUmi line of ruling Hawaii Island aliʻi (i.e., chiefs, royalty). This Lono was born and raised near the graves of Keawe and their descendants, which were near the place of Captain Cook's monument. This Lono may have cultivated the arts of warfare and puns as well as riddle games and spear-dodging games for the Makahiki.
However, it is unlikely either late ruling chiefs on the ʻUmi line was the mythological Lono who departed to Kahiki. Both chiefs were born in Hawaii, and no legend tells of either of them sailing away with a promise to return. A more plausible candidate for the god Lono is the legendary Laʻa-mai-Kahiki (i.e., the "Sacred-one-from-Tahiti), who purportedly lived several centuries earlier.
Laʻa came as a younger member of the Moikeha family of North Tahiti, older members of whom had settled earlier in the Hawaiian archipelago. They brought with them a small hand-drum, and a flute for the hula. Upon their arrival, the locals heard their flute and the rhythm of the new drumbeat, believing it was the god Kupulupulu.
Kupulupulu was worshiped as god of the hula, who also took the form of the flowering lehua tree as well as the god of native fauna that sustained early Polynesian settlers. Especially on Oahu, this Laʻa-mai-kahiki took wives in various districts. Oahu Island was the stronghold of Lono's worship, where many families claimed descent from La'a. They seem to have sailed back to Tahiti at least once before their final departure. This traveler of a great Tahitian family, who appeared like a god, enriched the New Year festivals with games and drama, ultimately influencing the Hawaiians into believing they were a god.
See also
Domesticated plants and animals of Austronesia
Kamapua'a
Rongo, Māori god of cultivated plants
References
External links
Agricultural gods
Arts gods
Fertility gods
Hawaiian gods
Peace gods
Rain deities
Käbin is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
(1921–2003), surgeon and medical scientist
Johannes Käbin (Ivan Käbin, 1905–1999), Soviet Estonian politician
Rait Käbin (born 1981), Estonian basketball coach and former professional basketball player
Tiit Käbin (1937–2011), lawyer and politician
See also
Kabin
Estonian-language surnames
Geoffrey Mervyn Ayling AM (born 9 November 1939) is an Australian sport shooter, specialising in the rifle.
They have competed in the Commonwealth Games, representing Australia at Edmonton 1978 and Brisbane 1982, and winning a gold medal.
References
1939 births
Living people
Australian male sport shooters
Shooters at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
20th-century Australian people
The Peruvian meadowlark (Leistes bellicosus) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.
It is found in western Peru, Ecuador and far northern Chile.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrublands, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrublands, intertidal marshes, and pasturelands all around 1,000 metres above sea level.
The males are streaky brown with a bright red throat and chest. The females are duller in colour and are more streaked than the males. They grow to be 20 cm long and are characterised by their bobbing flight which is similar to that of a woodpecker. They eat mostly insects, but sometimes eat seeds.
References
External links
Range of the Peruvian meadowlark - Oiseaux.net
Peruvian meadowlark
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Peruvian meadowlark
Peruvian meadowlark
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Apurímac spinetail (Synallaxis courseni) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Apurímac spinetail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
Apurímac spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aleksandr Kovalevsky (born 18 May 1974) is a Kyrgyzstani former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Kyrgyzstan
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Kyrgyzstani male sport wrestlers
Kyrgyzstani people of Russian descent
Basal () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Sergey Andreyevich Afanasyev (; born 25 March 1988) is a Russian racing driver, holder of honour "Master of sports of Russia".
Education
School
Sergey graduated from school (Moscow) in 2004 with the gold medal.
Higher education
2009 – Academic Law University (Russian Academy of Science) // Law (Honours degree)
2010 – Lomonosov Moscow State University // Marketing
2013 – Moscow Socio-Pedagogical Institute // Pedagogics and psychology
Career
Early career
Afanasyev began their racing career 1998 in baggy-kart where immediately started to achieve high results. Since 1999 started to take part in go-kart competition.
1999 – bronze in Russian Championship in Mini
2000 – Champion of Russia in Raket
2001 – bronze in Russian Championship in ICA-junior
2002 – Champion of Russia in ICA-junior
2002 – Champion of Russia in Oka-junior (winter track racing)
Formula RUS and Formula Renault 2000
Sergey began their racing career in openwheels in 2003 in the Formula RUS. That year saw them take three wins in this series. The next year they took championship title. They also took part in eight Formula Renault Monza races for BVM Minardi Junior Team, finishing the year in 13th place.
The following year, Afanasyev took part in a full Formula Renault 2.0 season, driving with Lukoil Racing team. They finished tenth overall in that year. They also contested thirteen races of the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, hugely crashed at Bilbao and taking the best race result of fourth at Oschersleben to finish twenty-fourth in the standings.
In 2006 Afanasiev moved up to new Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup championship for Lukoil Racing team. They finished eighth overall in that year. They also contested ten races of the Formule Renault 2.0 Suisse championship and finishing as runner-up.
Formula 3 Euro Series
In 2007 Afanasyev made their debut in Formula 3 Euro Series for HBR Motorsport team. Also they contested in Masters of Formula 3 at Zolder, but they did not qualify and missed the race.
International Formula Master
Afanasyev took part in International Formula Master for two years with JD Motorsport team. In first season they won one race and finished eighth overall. They also contested in six Formula Renault 3.5 Series races for the KTR team and failed to score a championship point.
Afanasyev remained in the series for 2009 season and improved to second place overall.
FIA Formula Two Championship
In 2010 Afanasyev graduated to Formula Two, finishing third in the standings with four podium finishes which gave them the right to receive the F1 licence.
Auto GP
Afanasyev switched to Auto GP for 2011, joining team champions DAMS. They were the only who scored three wins, but due to problems with British visa they missed Donington round and finished the season just on third place.
FIA GT1 World Championship
In 2012 Afanasyev and their main sponsor Lukoil decide to leave open-wheels and join FIA GT1 World Championship with Valmon Racing Team Russia in Aston Martin. Their partner that year was Andreas Zuber.
GT racing
In the end of 2012 Sergey together with Bernd Schneider finished 4th in the Baku City Challenge.
In 2013 together with HTP Gravity Charouz team on Mercedes SLS AMG GT3 joined by Andreas Simonsen won the Championship.
Next year Andreas left the championship and Sergey was joined by Stef Dusseldorp.
Touring Car Racing
Together with Lukoil Sergey moved to the front wheel driving cars and in 2015–2016 took part in the new championship – TCR International Series achieving podiums and the pole-position.
Lamborghini Super Trofeo
In 2017 Afanasyev and Lukoil made a mutual decision to terminate the interaction. Sergey drove two years with ArtLine racing team in the European and Middle East championships in ProAm category achieving the best result as the runner-up.
Lamborghini Super Trofeo championship was selected by Jonnesway tools as the General sponsor of Afanasiev, due to the good price-to-performance ratio.
Sergey joined the Bonaldi team in 2019 joined by Danny Kroes in the car. Together they won the Chempionship. The best results were achieved in Zandvoort (hometrack of Danny), where they won both races in front of the Dutch fans.
Coming back to GT racing
In November 2019 Afanasyev joined the Black Falcon racing team for the Kyalami 9 Hours race which was the part of the International GT Challenge. Their partners were Patrick Assenheimer and Hubert Haupt in silver class. Leading most part of the race, but after an accident in heavy rain they finished second.
Next race was – Bathurst 12 Hours. Haupt was not able to join so they were replaced by Michele Beretta. Leading until the last 4 hours of the race. Issues with the car after a small contact with the wall pushed them back. Third position at the finish is still a good result for the rookies of the one of the most incredible circuits in the world.
Racing record
Career results
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Auto GP results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
FIA GT competition results
GT1 World Championship results
FIA GT Series results
Complete TCR International Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
References
External links
Profile on Instagram
Official site
Career statistics from Driver Database
Profile on Lukoil Racing Team
Profile on Formula Two Championship
Profile on IFM site
1988 births
Living people
Russian racing drivers
Italian Formula Renault 1.6 drivers
German Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 Alps drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
International Formula Master drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
Auto GP drivers
FIA GT1 World Championship drivers
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
ADAC GT Masters drivers
24 Hours of Spa drivers
Sportspeople from Moscow
TCR International Series drivers
DAMS drivers
JD Motorsport drivers
KTR drivers
BVM Racing drivers
"Aullando" (English: "Howling") is the fourth single of the Puerto Rican duo Wisin & Yandel, alongside Dominican-American bachata singer Romeo Santos, from their album Los Campeones del Pueblo: The Big Leagues. The single was a massive success across Latin America.
Music video
A music video was released on February 14, 2019 to support the single. It was directed by Dominican filmmaker Jessy Terrero, who had directed numerous videoclips for Wisin & Yandel in the past. The video was shot at El San Juan Hotel in Puerto Rico and stars Wisin, Yandel, and Romeo Santos. The video makes numerous references to werewolves as a woman in a fur coat and bikini is transformed into a wolf while a full moon shines on the horizon. The music video has over 300 million views as of July 2019.
Live performances
Wisin & Yandel and Romeo Santos performed "Aullando" at the 2019 Billboard Latin Music Awards on April 25, 2019.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard number-one Latin songs of 2019
References
2019 singles
Reggaeton songs
Romeo Santos songs
Spanish-language songs
Sony Music Latin singles
Wisin & Yandel songs
Songs written by Wisin
Songs written by Yandel
Songs written by Romeo Santos
Songs written by Descemer Bueno
2018 songs
Music videos directed by Jessy Terrero
Matriano Lombardo (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Emmett Tompkins (September 1, 1853 – December 18, 1917) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1903. They were the son of Congressman Cydnor Bailey Tompkins.
Biography
Born in McConnelsville, Morgan County, Ohio, Tompkins moved to Athens County, Ohio, in 1865.
They attended the public schools and Ohio University at Athens.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1875 and commenced practice in Athens, Ohio.
City solicitor in 1876 and 1877.
They served as mayor of Athens 1877-1879.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Athens County in 1879.
They served as delegate to the Republican State conventions in 1879, 1881, and 1883.
They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives 1886-1890.
They moved to Columbus, Ohio, in 1889.
They served as member of the board of trustees of Ohio University.
They lost election for Mayor of Columbus, Ohio the spring of 1897 to Democrat Samuel Luccock Black.
Tompkins was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1903).
They resumed the practice of law in Columbus, Ohio.
They were appointed trustee of Ohio University in 1908.
They died in Columbus, Ohio, December 18, 1917.
They remain were cremated in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the ashes returned to their home in Columbus, Ohio.
References
External links
1853 births
1917 deaths
People from Athens, Ohio
People from McConnelsville, Ohio
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Mayors of places in Ohio
Ohio University alumni
Ohio lawyers
Ohio University trustees
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Columbus, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Andrei Rybalko (born 5 June 1972) is a Ukrainian former professional tennis player.
Career
Born in Kiev, Rybalko competed on the professional tour during the 1990s and had a career high singles ranking of 239, mostly playing at Challenger level. They made the occasional ATP Tour main draw appearance and reached the final qualifying round at the 1994 US Open.
Between 1994 and 2000 they were a regular member of the Ukraine Davis Cup team, appearing in a total of 14 ties. They won six singles rubbers for Ukraine, which included a victory over Norway's Christian Ruud, then ranked 61 in the world. In their Davis Cup career they also managed to take a set off top 10 player Goran Ivanisevic in 1996 and the following year pushed Tim Henman to five sets.
Rybalko, a former coach of Andriy Medvedev, is now based in Germany.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Ukrainian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Kyiv
Regenye () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Risoba menhoferi is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
Blastocladiella is a genus of fungus.
Species
Blastocladiella anabaenae
Blastocladiella asperosperma
Blastocladiella britannica
Blastocladiella colombiensis
Blastocladiella cystogena
Blastocladiella emersonii
Blastocladiella laevisperma
Blastocladiella microcystogena
Blastocladiella novae-zelandiae
Blastocladiella simplex
Blastocladiella stomophilum
Blastocladiella stuebenii
Blastocladiella variabilis
External links
Mycobank entry
Blastocladiomycota
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) is a professional association based in London, United Kingdom. Its members, including people with and without medical degrees, work in the field of obstetrics and gynaecology, that is, pregnancy, childbirth, and female sexual and reproductive health. The college has over 16,000 members in over 100 countries with nearly 50% of those residing outside the British Isles. Them Royal Highness the Princess of Wales became the RCOG's patron in 2018.
The college's primary object is given as "The encouragement of the study and the advancement of the science and practice of obstetrics and gynaecology", although its governing documents impose no specific restrictions on its operation. Its present offices are based in London Bridge. Previously, the offices were located near Regent's Park in Central London.
History
The British College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists was founded in September 1929 by Professor William Blair-Bell and Sir William Fletcher Shaw; this area of surgery having been considered for many decades as "minor" when a component of England's Royal College of Surgeons. For the first three years, the office work of the new college was done from 20 St John Street, Manchester. In 1932 the office moved to 58 Queen Anne Street, London. The building was officially opened by the college's royal patron, the Duchess of York, on 5 December 1932.
The organisation was granted a royal charter on 21 March 1947. With continuing expansion of the college activities, it had outgrown the Queen Anne Street premises and a decision was made in 1952 to move to larger premises.
The college moved to 27 Sussex Place, Regent's Park, on Crown Estate land, in July 1960. The new building was formally opened by Queen Elizabeth II, on 13 July 1960. In 2018, the Duchess of Cambridge became the college's royal patron.
In 2019, the college moved to new premises: 10–18 Union St, London, SE1 1SZ.
Aim, objectives and values
The RCOG's aim is "to set standards to improve women's health and the clinical practice of obstetrics and gynaecology in the British Isles and across the world".
Their charitable objectives are to "encourage the study, and advance the science and practice, of obstetrics and gynaecology".
They value leadership, innovation, caring, inclusiveness, trust and integrity. They act with transparency and aspire to work, at all times, to the highest standards.
Strategic goals and objectives 2017–2020
The college's strategic plan for 2017–2020 aims to fulfil their twin ambitions of becoming the "go-to" place for women's health in the UK and a global leader for women's health and reproductive health care.
Improve women's health care by high-quality education, training and support of doctors throughout their careers
Improve women's lives globally through the development of safe, high-quality clinical care, throughout adolescence and the reproductive and post-reproductive years
Connect healthcare professionals, service users and partner organisations to radically improve women's health care both in the UK and globally
Achieve resilience by developing workforce and financial sustainability, business innovation and technological agility
Examinations
The RCOG is responsible for developing the framework and curriculum of post graduate training in obstetrics and gynaecology in the United Kingdom. It conducts two principal examinations: the Membership examination (MRCOG) and the Diploma examination (DRCOG). The DRCOG examination is aimed at doctors, and especially general practitioners, who wish to certificate their knowledge and interest in obstetrics and gynaecology.
The Membership examination, which were first held in 1931, is intended for those who wish to specialise in obstetrics and gynaecology. The exam is a three-part examination. Part 1 MRCOG is a written examination to evaluate basic and clinical sciences relevant to the subject. Part 2 is a further written examination intended to assess clinical knowledge at the level of middle grade registrar, and the Part 3 is the clinical section. (OSCEs).
Membership
Members use the designatory letters MRCOG. Membership is awarded at a meeting of council to those who have passed all parts of the membership examination.
The award of the fellowship is a mark of senior status and does not indicate completion of training. They are elected from those who have been members for at least 12 years. Fellows use the designatory letters FRCOG. Fellowship can also be awarded to those who are not been members of the college, but have either contributed significantly to the advancement of the specialty (fellows ad eundem); demonstrated exemplary work in the specialty (fellows honoris causa) or distinguished people outside the medical profession (honorary fellows).
Presidents
The current president of the RCOG is Edward Morris who took up office in December 2019.
Past presidents include:
2016–2019 Professor Dame Lesley Regan
2013–2016 Dr David Richmond
2010–2013 Dr Anthony Falconer
2007–2010 Sir Sabaratnam Arulkumaran
2004–2007 Professor Allan Templeton
2001–2004 Professor William Dunlop
1998–2001 Professor Robert Shaw
1995–1998 Lord Naren Patel
1993–1994 Professor Geoffrey Chamberlain (1930–2014)
1990–1993 Sir Stanley Simmons
1987–1990 Sir George Pinker (1924–2007)
1984–1987 Sir Malcolm MacNaughton (1925–2016)
1981–1984 Sir Rustam Feroze (1920–2010)
1978–1981 Sir Anthony Alment (1922–2002)
1975–1978 Sir John Dewhurst (1920–2007)
1972–1975 Sir Stanley Clayton (1911–1986)
1969–1972 Sir Norman Jeffcoate (1907–1992)
1966–1969 Sir John Peel (1904–2005)
1963–1966 Sir Hector Maclennan (1905–1978)
1960–1963 Sir Arthur Bell (1904–1977)
1957–1960 Sir Andrew Claye (1896–1977)
1955–1957 Sir Charles Read (1902–1957)
1952–1955 Sir Arthur Gemmell (1892–1960)
1949–1952 Dame Hilda Lloyd (1891–1982)
1946–1949 Sir William Gilliatt (1884–1956)
1943–1946 Sir Eardley Lancelot Holland (1879–1967)
1938–1943 Sir William Fletcher Shaw (1878–1961)
1935–1938 Sir Ewen Maclean (1865–1953)
1932–1935 John Shields Fairbairn (1865–1944)
1929–1932 Professor William Blair-Bell (1871–1936)
Journals and publications
BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology
BJOG is a monthly editorially independent peer reviewed journal owned by the RCOG publishing work in all areas of obstetrics and gynaecology, including contraception, urogynaecology, fertility, oncology and clinical practice. It is one of the most widely read journals in obstetrics and gynaecology. It had an impact factor of 5.051 as of March 2018. BJOG also release podcasts.
The Obstetrician & Gynaecologist
TOG is a quarterly journal for continuing professional development from the RCOG. The journal is known for its reviews and clinical governance articles.
O&G
O&G is the membership magazine of the RCOG. The magazine focuses on supporting clinicians on workforce issues including rota gaps, attrition and job planning.
See also
The Diploma of the Royal College of Gynaecologists
Faculty of Sexual and Reproductive Healthcare
References
External links
Official website
RCOG Guidelines
Patient information
The Obstetrician & Gynaecologist
BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology
Each Baby Counts
Health in the City of Westminster
Medical associations based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the City of Westminster
Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Organizations established in 1947
1929 establishments in the United Kingdom
Maternity in the United Kingdom
Immigration and Naturalization Service v. Aguirre-Aguirre, 526 U.S. 415 (1999), examined a doctrinal question last presented to the U.S. Supreme Court in Immigration and Naturalization Service v. Cardoza-Fonseca. In Aguirre-Aguirre, the Court determined that federal courts had to defer to the Board of Immigration Appeals's interpretation of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
Facts
In 1994, the Immigration and Naturalization Service began deportation proceedings against Juan Anibal Aguirre-Aguirre, who conceded deportability but requested asylum and withholding of deportation. At a hearing before an immigration judge, Aguirre testified they had been politically active in their native Guatemala with the Sindicato Estudiante (Student Union) and with the National Central Union political party. With these groups, Aguirre protested bus fares and the Guatemalan government's failure to investigate the murders and disappearances of other students. These protests included burning buses, breaking windows, and attacking police cars. Aguirre estimated they had set fire to around ten buses. When the passengers on these buses refused to leave, they were stoned, beaten with sticks, or tied up. Aguirre testified that they left Guatemala because of threats they received on account of theirs having participated in these activities.
The immigration judge granted Aguirre's applications for asylum and withholding of deportation. The INS appealed to the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA), which reversed the immigration judge, and ordered Aguirre deported. The BIA concluded that even if Aguirre had established the requisite level of persecution, see INS v. Stevic, , they had committed a "serious nonpolitical crime" and was thus ineligible for withholding of deportation under the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA). Under BIA precedent, the political aspect of the offense must outweigh its common-law character. As the activity Aguirre had participated in on behalf of the Estudeante Syndicado disproportionately affected civilians, the criminal aspect of their activities outweighed their political aspect. Aguirre asked the Ninth Circuit to review the BIA's decision.
From the Ninth Circuit's standpoint, the BIA's decision was deficient in three respects. First, the BIA should have balanced the persecution Aguirre might have suffered if they should return to Guatemala against the offenses they had committed there. Second, it should have considered whether the offenses were grossly disproportionate to their objective. Third, it "should have considered the political necessity and success of Aguirre's methods." As the BIA did not consider these things, the Ninth Circuit found that the BIA's legal analysis was wanting and remanded the case. The INS asked the Supreme Court to review the decision.
Decision of the Supreme Court
The U.S. Attorney General must grant an applicant withholding of removal if they determine that the alien's life or freedom would be threatened in a country on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion. (h)(1). Generally, withholding of deportation is required if it is more likely than not that the alien would be persecuted in their home country on account of one of the protected grounds. However, withholding does not apply if the Attorney General determines that "there are serious reasons for considering that the alien has committed a serious nonpolitical offense outside the United States prior to the arrival of the alien in the United States."
The Ninth Circuit did not disagree that the "serious political offense" exception to mandatory withholding was the proper framework under which to analyze the case. The Ninth Circuit had "confronted questions implicating" the BIA's "construction of the statute which it administers", which meant it should have asked whether or not "the statute is silent or ambiguous with respect to the specific issue" before it. The Court clarified that this threshold inquiry, called the "Chevron deference", applies to questions regarding the BIA's interpretations of parts of the Immigration and Nationality Act, including the "serious political offense" exception. The BIA determined that the alien's criminal acts were not to be judged against the risk that they will be persecuted if they returned to their home country. This conclusion was consistent with the text of the statute, as it "is not obvious that an already-completed crime is somehow rendered less serious by considering the future circumstance that the alien may be subject to persecution if returned to their home country."
The Ninth Circuit ruled that the "political nature of the offenses would be more difficult to accept if they involved acts of an atrocious nature," such as indiscriminate massacre of civilians. But the BIA did not dispute that this, in the abstract, "may be important in applying the serious nonpolitical crime exception." Thus, the Supreme Court decided that "the BIA's determination that (h)(2)(c) requires no additional balancing of the risk of persecution rests on a fair and permissible reading of the statute."
Other
Bender's Immigration Bulletin, V.4, No. 10 noted on May 15, 1999 that a "Motion to Reopen was pending at the BIA on the issue of interpretation and transcript errors, thus leaving open the possibility that on remand, the Ninth Circuit may in time be reviewing the results of a new hearing with a new set of facts".
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 526
References
External links
Medill School of Journalism, Northwestern University
Brief of the Solicitor General
United States immigration and naturalization case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
1999 in United States case law
Deportation from the United States
Commodore Cruise Line was a United States -based cruise line that was in operation from 1968 until 2001. It was founded in 1966 by Sanford Chobol and Edwin Stephan. Following multiple changes in ownership, the company declared bankruptcy in 2001 due to rising fuel costs and increased competition from other cruise lines. It had its headquarters in Hollywood, Florida.
History
1966–1981
Commodore Cruise Line was founded in 1966—the same year that Norwegian Caribbean Line begun operations—by Sanford Chobol and Edwin Stephan. Chobol, a Florida hotelier, had previously operated the Brazilian ocean liner Princess Leopoldina on a series of cruises out of Florida in 1962. In order to operate a ship that could successfully compete against NCL's , Commodore reached an agreement with the Sweden-based Wallenius Lines, who acquired the build contract of a half-complete ferry under construction at Wärtsilä Turku Shipyard in Finland. The ship in question had been ordered by the Sweden-based Lion Ferry as a combined ferry/cruise ship, but Lion Ferry had subsequently cancelled the order. Wallenius Lines named the incomplete ship and had them completed as cruise ship. Following delivery the Bohème was chartered to Commodore, and they set on their first cruise from Miami to Saint Thomas on 7 December 1968. With the Bohème Commodore Cruise Line became the first company to operate week-long cruises out of Florida around the year.
By 1973 Lion Ferry and Fred. Olsen had acquired interests in Commodore. As a result, Lion Ferry's joined the Bohème in Commodore fleet for the northern hemisphere winter seasons 1973–1976 (the Bolero spent summers in United States—Canada ferry service for Lion Ferry). In 1976 the Bolero was replaced by another ferry, , that was also used by Commodore during the winters and USA—Canada ferry service during the summers. Like the Bohème, the Caribe was registered in West Germany during their service with Commodore.
1981–1995
In 1981 Commodore Cruise Line was acquired by the Finland-based Rederi Ab Sally, who also acquired the Bohème from Wallenius Lines. As a result of the change of ownership the Bohème was re-registered to Panama. During the same year Sally acquired two ships for conversion into service with Commodore. The first, Karageorgis Lines' , had recently been damaged in a grounding. However, during rebuilding they suffered a fire, followed by capsizing of the drydock, which left the ship so badly damaged that Sally decided to abandon their plans for the ship. The second acquisition, the former Greek Line ship , was rebuilt with diesel engines and entered service for Commodore in 1983 as . Following the Caribe Is entry into service the Bohème was also rebuilt, re-entering service in 1984. However, in 1986 the Bohème was sold to the Church of Scientology, and Commodore reverted to operating just one ship.
By the mid-80s Rederi Ab Sally was in financial difficulties, and in 1987 the company was sold to its main competitors Effoa and Johnson Line, based in Finland and Sweden, respectively. Two years later the passenger operations of Sally, Effoa and Johnson were merged into EffJohn. In 1990 EffJohn decided to merge the operations of Bermuda Star and Queen of Bermuda to the Commodore fleet under the names Enchanted Isle and Enchanted Seas respectively. Promotional material from 1991 advertised the addition of two further ships in 1992/1993, but these did not materialize. Instead the Caribe I was sold to Regal Cruise Line in 1993. In 1994 the Enchanted Isle became a floating hotel in Saint Petersburg, Russia, returning to the Commodore fleet the following year.
1995–2001
By the mid-90s EffJohn in turn was in financial difficulties, and decided to concentrate on its core market in the Baltic Sea. As a result, Commodore Cruise Line was sold in 1995 to the New York -based JeMJ Financial Services. The new owners continued operations with the Enchanted Isle and Enchanted Seas until 1996, when the Enchanted Seas was sold to World Explorer Lines. In 1998 MS Island Holiday was chartered from a Ukrainian company and renamed . Both the Enchanted Capri and Enchanted Isle were based in New Orleans at the time. In 1999 the Commodore fleet grew again to three ships for the first time with the acquisition of .
In 1999 Commodore reactivated the Crown Cruise Line brand (which had also been previously owned by EffJohn but ceased operations in 1997) as a more upscale brand. During the following years Commodore was facing harsh competition from larger cruise lines that were beginning to push down their prices. As a result, Commodore filed for bankruptcy in January 2001.
Ships
References
External links
Commodore Cruise Line (Archive)
Defunct cruise lines
Defunct shipping companies of the United States
Defunct companies based in Florida
Hollywood, Florida
American companies established in 1966
Transport companies established in 1966
Transport companies disestablished in 2001
1966 establishments in Florida
2001 disestablishments in Florida
Makwa (also spelled Makwia) is a town in Sokoto State, Nigeria. It is located at approximately , and has a population of roughly 3,000.
References
Populated places in Sokoto State
Ramma Waduge Dumila Dedunu (born 1 March 1979) is a former Sri Lankan woman cricketer. They have played for Sri Lanka in four World One Day Internationals.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Sri Lankan women cricketers
Sri Lanka women One Day International cricketers
Colts Cricket Club cricketers
Sporopipes is a genus of bird in the weaver family.
It contains the following species:
External links
References
Ploceidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jennifer S. Lerner is an American experimental social psychologist known for their research in emotion and decision theory.  They are the first psychologist at the Harvard Kennedy School to receive tenure. At Harvard, their titles include Professor of Public Policy and Management, Professor of Psychology (by courtesy appointment), Faculty Director in the Graduate Commons Program, Co-Founder of the Harvard Decision Science Laboratory and Co-Director of the Harvard Faculty Group on Emotion, Decision Making, and Health. Them research interests include the effects of accountability on judgment and choice. They founded and directs the Leadership Decision Making program within Harvard Kennedy School's executive education program.
Lerner was diagnosed with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus at the age of 16.  They are an advocate for people with disabilities, especially children with chronic disease.
Education
Lerner received their B.A. in psychology from the University of Michigan Honors College in 1990. They received their M.A and Ph.D. in psychology from the University of California, Berkeley in 1994 and 1998, respectively. Them postdoctoral fellowship through a National Institutes of Health National Research Service Award (NRSA) took place at UCLA and focused on biological bases of emotion. From 1999 to 2007 they served on the faculty of the Department of Social and Decision Sciences at Carnegie Mellon University. Them primary PhD advisors were Dacher Keltner, Philip E. Tetlock and Shelley Taylor. They also received an Honorary M.A. Degree from Harvard University in 2007.
Work in psychology
Lerner's research focuses on the influence of specific emotions (e.g., happiness or anger), in contrast to most models, which focus on larger categories of emotions (e.g., positive moods or negative moods) on behavior and decision making. They have proposed a framework which predicts that the influence of a specific emotion on judgment depends on a variety of cognitive factors related to the source of each emotion. Currently they are working to test predictions from this framework. For example, in a series of studies, their research examines the distinct effects of fear, anger, and happiness on risk perception and risk preference.
Honors and awards
Radcliffe Institute Fellow, 2010–2011
Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), awarded by the National Science Foundation and The President of the United States, 2004
Estella Loomis McCandless Endowed (Junior) Chair, Carnegie Mellon, 2004–2007
The National Science Foundation CAREER Award 2003-2008
National Research Service Award, The National Institute of Mental Health, 1998–1999
The National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship, 1993–1996
Highest Honors in Psychology, University of Michigan, 1990
James B. Angell Scholar, University of Michigan, 1989–1990
External affiliations
Lerner is the first behavioral scientist appointed to the United States Secretary of the Navy's Advisory Panel and one of the first women appointed. In this role, they chair a working group on evidence-based decision making and, more generally, provides strategic advice to the Secretary regarding management of the Navy and the Marine Corps. They also serve on the scientific advisory board for Accolade, Inc.; on an expert panel within the National Institutes of Health; and on the Faculty Steering Committee for Harvard's Mind-Brain-Behavior Initiative.
References
External links
Emotion and Decision Making Group
Society for Judgment and Decision Making
Jennifer Lerner's Faculty Profile
Jennifer Lerner Interview, WWL Employment Summit
American psychologists
American women psychologists
Social psychologists
Radcliffe fellows
Harvard University faculty
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Yellowhead County is a municipal district in west central Alberta, Canada. It is the only municipal district within Alberta census division No. 14.
History
1994: Established as a Municipal District of Yellowhead No. 94 on January 1.
1998: The name changed to Yellowhead County on July 8.
1998: Evansburg dissolved as a village, and became part of Yellowhead Municipal District on June 30.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by Yellowhead County.
Cities
none
Towns
Edson
Hinton
Villages
none
Summer villages
none
The following hamlets are located within Yellowhead County.
Hamlets
Brule
Cadomin
Evansburg
Marlboro
Niton Junction
Peers
Robb
Wildwood
The following localities are located within Yellowhead County.
Localities
Ansell
Balkan
Basing
Bickerdike
Branch Inn Trailer Court
Brule Mines
Brûlé Mines
Bryan
Calvert
Carrot Creek
Chip Lake
Coal Valley
Coalspur
Dalehurst
Diss
Drinnan
Embarras
Entrance
Erith
Erith Tie
Fidler
Foothills
Galloway
Granada
Grave Flats
Gregg Subdivision
Haddock
Hanlon
Hansonville
Hargwen
Hattonford
Hoff
Holloway
Hornbeck
Kaydee
Leaman
Leyland
Lobstick
Lovettville
Luscar
MacKay (held hamlet designation from 1979 to 2019)
Mahaska
Matthews Crossing
McLeod River
McLeod Valley
Medicine Lodge
Mercoal
Mountain Park
Mountain View Estates
Niton
Nojack or No Jack
Northville
Obed
Oke
Old Entrance
Park Court
Pedley
Pembina Forks
Pine Dale Subdivision
Pine Shadows
Pinedale (held hamlet designation from 1987 to 2019)
Pinedale Estates
Pioneer
Rangeton
Ravine
Reco
Rosevear
Shaw
Shining Bank
Solomon
Steeper
Sterco
Styal
Swan Landing
Trade Winds Trailer Court
Two Rivers Estates
Weald
Wild Hay
Wolf Creek
Yates
The former Village of Tollerton is also located in Yellowhead County.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Yellowhead County had a population of 10,426 living in 4,160 of its 4,859 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 10,995. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Yellowhead County had a population of 10,995 living in 4,309 of its 5,048 total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of 10,469. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of municipal districts in Alberta
References
External links
Municipal districts in Alberta
The Socialist Youth League was the youth group affiliated with the Workers Party, a splinter Trotskyist party led by Max Shachtman. The parent group changed its name to the Independent Socialist League in 1950. In February 1954, the Socialist Youth League merged with a faction of the Young People's Socialist League and changed its name to Young Socialist League. The YSL merged with a later incarnation of the YPSL in August 1958, around the same time that the ISL was merging into that group's parent body the Socialist Party – Social Democratic Federation.
History
The SYL was established in 1946, just after World War II ended. During the war the Workers Party had concentrated mostly on colonizing basic industries and organizing wildcat strikes, but after the war ended this strategy foundered, as the expected post-war wave of labor radicalism failed to materialize. The groups press began to concentrate more on campus activism in the late 1940s and 1950s. By the early 1950s the SYL represented one of the few viable left-wing groups on Americas campuses. The other organizations that had briefly become popular on campus in the late 1940s – Young Progressives of America, American Veterans Committee, Labor Youth League – had all been discredited as either Communist Party USA or Communist Party USA influenced. The SYL filled this void and became the most visible Leftists group on campus.
In contrast to the low brow style of the CPUSA, the Shachtmanites attempted appeal to intellectuals and "elite culture". The SYL catered to a Bohemian milieu, the beginnings of the Beat movement. Writers like Norman Mailer, Allen Ginsberg and Lawrence Ferlinghetti would frequent SYL and YSL meetings. In one instance, while Shachtman was delivering a lecture on Dadaism a disgruntled Dadaist threw a bowl of potato salad at him, an event commemorated in Ginsberg's Howl.
The SYL made attempts to infiltrate and take over other groups in the 1940s and 1950s. It was most successful within the YPSL. The SYL recruited Michael Harrington and Bogdan Denitch within the YPSL, partially on the basis of their opposition to the Korean War, which the Socialist Party supported. In 1954, as noted above, they were able to merge the YPSL with the SYL to form the Young Socialist League. (The Socialist Party subsequently reformed the YPSL.) The new organization had a total of 83 members. Nevertheless, it was still one of the most visible leftist groups on campus in the mid-1950s. They also attempted infiltration of the Student League for Industrial Democracy where they organized a "Red Caucus" which took over the CCNY Evening Session chapter and attempted to steer the group in a more "disciplined" direction. After a two-year upheaval which strained the resources of the SLID they were eventually kicked out. In 1955 they succeeded in taking over the New York regional office of Students for Democratic Action, an affiliate of Americans for Democratic Action. They were only prevented from capturing the national organization when the ADA threatened to cut off the group's funding.
Meanwhile, the ISL was making overtures to merge with the Socialist Party, which itself had merged with the Social Democratic Federation to form the Socialist Party – Social Democratic Federation in January 1956. Proponents of the merger in both groups cited the youth groups as an important selling point. The revived YPSL had fewer than 100 members, while the YSL, by the late 1950s, had three times as many. A merger would give the party an appreciable youth section for the first time in a decade. While the merger was hotly debated at the SP-SDFs convention on May 30 – June 1, 1958 and then voted upon by the membership that summer, the YPSL and YSL merged in convention in late August. The ISL itself however was dissolved, its properties bequeathed to the SP-SDF and its members requested to join as individuals.
At the time of its dissolution the Young Socialist League had approximately 250 members in 15 chapters, including at Columbia, Oberlin, Antioch, Boston University and the University of Washington. A left group within the YSL, consisting of about a quarter of its membership led by Tim Wohlforth rejected the merger and went into the Socialist Workers Party affiliate, the Young Socialist Alliance, where they would eventually form the germ of the Revolutionary Tendency and, from that, the Spartacist League.
It published the magazine Anvil, in which Hal Draper was to publish an early version of their pamphlet The Two Souls of Socialism in 1960.
References
Pamphlets
History of the international marxist youth movement pt. 1. From its origin to 1919. New York, N.Y. : Provisional National Committee for a Socialist Youth League, 1946
Next – a labor party! [New York] Pub. by Labor action for the Workers party and Socialist youth league, 1948
Leon Trotsky on Zionism [New York] Socialist Youth League, 1948
Declaration against war, adopted by Socialist Youth League, Libertarian Socialist League, Young Peoples Socialist League [Los Angeles? 1950 (with YPSL and the Libertarian Socialist League) 1950
Cold war on the campus by Robert Martinson [New York] Socialist Youth League, 1950
An open letter to Dean Acheson : "the marine corporal is right" by Max Shachtman [New York] Socialist Youth League, 1952
Constitution of the Socialist Youth League, 1953 [New York] Socialist Youth League, 1953
James Burnham and the managerial revolution by George Orwell [Berkeley, Calif.]: Berkeley Young Socialist League, 1955
Draft statement on work in the Stalinist arena by Art Lowe [United States? : s.n., 1956
What is the Young Socialist League? Chicago: Chicago YSL, 1957
Which road for Socialist youth – reformism or revolutionary socialism?; writings of the left wing of the Young Socialist League. Berkeley, Calif., Young Socialist Forum, 1959
External links
Socialist Youth Review selected issues of the SYLs organ
Left Wing Caucus of the Young Socialist League A document on Tim Wohlworths opposition within the YSL
Youth wings of political parties in the United States
Youth wings of social democratic parties
Youth organizations established in 1946
Ambi Subramaniam (born 5 August 1991 Los Angeles, California, United States) is a violinist, composer, and educator. They started performing on stage when they were six years old and was described as the "new king of Indian classical violin" by the Times of India. They were also described as 'India's 24-year-old Itzhak Perlman' by the Ozy Magazine.
Ambi is the Associate Dean of the Subramaniam Academy of Performing Arts (SaPa), an institute that trains musically inclined children to become professional performers. In 2014, Ambi started the SaPa in Schools program with their sister, Bindu Subramaniam. SaPa in Schools is an initiative to integrate music into the mainstream academic curriculum, and works with 30,000 children in India.
Ambi's awards include the Ritz Icon of the Year Award, the Rotary Youth Award, two Global Indian Music Awards (GiMAs), and one BiMA. They were the three-time winner of the Philomena Thumbochetty Award for Best Western Classical Violinist, and received a golden violin from Sri Jayendra Saraswati when they were 18 years old. In 2021, they were named among GQ Magazine's 25 most influential young Indians.
Ambi is a youth delegate at the United Nations for the Sri Chinmoy Peace Meditation group.
Early life
Ambi Subramaniam was born in Los Angeles, California, to violinist Dr. L Subramaniam and vocalist Vijayashree (Viji) Subramaniam. Their sister, Bindu Subramaniam, is a singer/songwriter and educator and their brother, Dr. Narayana Subramaniam, is a head and neck oncologist, author and musician. Ambi moved to Bangalore, India with their family in 1996, after the death of their mother. Their father married Bollywood playback singer Kavita Krishnamurti in 1999.
Education
Ambi ranked first at the Associated Board Royal School of Music's violin exams, which they took in 2005. They also received distinctions in piano and Western music theory, and was the three-time winner of the Philomena Thumbochetty Award for Best Western Classical Violinist.
Ambi completed their BBM from Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College, which comes under the umbrella of Jain University Bangalore. They completed their MBA at RIMS, Bangalore, and has a PhD in music.
Career
Early Years
Ambi first sang on stage when they were six years old, and gave their first violin performance at the age of seven in Colombo, Sri Lanka, at the Indian Embassy. In 1999, they performed at the Necklace Road, Hyderabad, to an audience of 200,000. They performed alongside the Venga Boys as part of the Pepsi Live Concert in 2000.
Ambi started performing regularly after they turned 13. Around this time, they performed for then President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam. They also participated in a virtual exchange program between an audience in New Delhi and one in Carnegie Hall, where they and an American teenage musician discussed cultural and musical differences. In 2007, they took their first trip to Durban, South Africa, where they performed at the One World Music Festival with their father. In 2008, they played at the opening of the Commonwealth Youth Games held in Pune.
Orchestral and international performances
Ambi gave their debut orchestral performance at the age of 15 with the Orchestra Nationale du Lille conducted by Maestro Jean-Claude Cassedesus. In the same year, they performed at the Barbican, London, and the Royal Festival Hall for the first time. In 2008, they performed with the Leipzig Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Dr. Michael Koehler. They have also performed with the Orchestra Nationale du Lille, Sinfonia Baltica, the Kwazulu Natal Symphony, and the Fairfax Symphony Orchestra.
In January 2013, Ambi was a soloist with the Seattle Symphony performing Shantipriya, a composition of Dr. L. Subramaniam. In 2014, they performed at the Madison Square Garden, as part of the events accompanying Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech to the Indian American community. In 2015, Ambi performed at the Philharmonie de Paris, a cultural institution in France dedicated to music. They played at the Theatre de la Ville in 2017, and was the youngest Indian soloist to have performed there.
They performed at Chicago's Millennium Park for the first time in 2015 with their father, as part of the Chicago World Music Festival. It was the first time a Carnatic artist performed at the festival. In 2015, they performed in Iceland and in 2017, they performed at the 19th Annual Chicago World Music Festival. In 2018, they performed for External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in Luxemburg.
Ambi is a regular performer at the Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival, participating as a featured soloist in many special events including Sounds of India and Violins for Peace. Ambi has performed twice at the Lincoln Center Out of Doors Festival, in 2008 and 2012.
Ambi continues to record and perform regularly with their father. They endorse D'Addario strings and Realist violins.
SubraMania and The Thayir Sadam Project
In 2013, Ambi started a fusion band, SubraMania, along with their sister Bindu Subramaniam. SubraMania has performed live in many cities across India and toured in seven European countries. In 2016, SubraMania was invited by the Spanish government to celebrate 60 years of Indo-Spanish relations. This inspired their single, Esperanza.
The band has collaborated with Hubert Laws, Oystein Baadsvik, Lesle Lewis, and Bollywood composer Aadesh Srivastav. SubraMania's music has been described as a "mammoth success" by the Asian Age, and their performance at the Jaipur Literature Festival in 2018 was described as "one of the major highlights" of the festival by Firstpost.
In 2018, Bindu and Ambi collaborated with Carnatic fusion artist Mahesh Raghvan to create The Thayir Sadam Project. The Thayir Sadam Project has released tracks in collaboration with Carnatic singing duo Ranjani-Gayathri, and created an Indian cover of A Million Dreams to promote the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals. As of 2018, The Thayir Sadam Project has conducted workshops with over 5000 students, teaching them global music and promoting initiatives like the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) via the 10,000 deeds campaign.
Music education
Ambi is the Co-Founder and CCO of the Subramaniam Academy of Performing Arts (SaPa), an institute of Indian and global music founded by Dr. L Subramaniam and Kavita Krishnamurti in 2007. They co-founded the SaPa in Schools program in 2014, as an initiative to integrate music into the mainstream academic curriculum. The program works with 30,000 children as of 2021.
Earlier in 2019, Ambi co-authored India's first series of textbooks dedicated to teaching the Indian violin.  They are currently working on offering undergraduate courses in music education, technology, and performance.
In 2020, along with Bindu Subramaniam, Ambi took the SaPa curriculum online, with an online learning platform hosting self-paced courses by Dr. L Subramaniam, Kavita Krishnamurti Subramaniam, Anup Jhalota, Russ Miller and more.
Masterclasses and Workshops
Ambi delivered two TEDx talks on fusion music and the violin – at different universities in Bangalore. They have conducted workshops at the Paris Conservatory, Metea Valley High School, Illinois, Whistling Woods International, Mumbai and many others. They have also conducted masterclasses in music at locations in Norway, Sri Lanka, Spain, The Netherlands, and Germany.
Film and TV Appearances
Ambi did a cameo in Kamal Hassan's 'Hey Ram.' They appeared as Chinno, younger brother to Vasundhara Das's character. In 2011, they were a featured guest on 'Oye! it's Friday' with host Farhan Akhtar, and played for Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, who called them a "genius".
They have made appearances on TV shows broadcast in Sri Lanka, Spain, Italy, UK and the US. Along with Bindu, Ambi co-hosts The SaPa Show, a weekly television program aimed at teaching children Indian and global music.
Discography
References
External links
Carnatic violinists
Living people
1991 births
21st-century violinists
The Hearts of Lonely People is the first and only EP by American experimental rock supergroup Isles & Glaciers. The record was released on March 9, 2010 through Equal Vision Records, sold exclusively through Hot Topic stores and online retailers. A remix version of the EP was released in 2014.
Vocalist Craig Owens confirmed in late 2010 that Isles & Glaciers was a "one time thing side project", making this the only release by the band.
Track listing
Personnel
Isles & Glaciers
Craig Owens – vocals
Jonny Craig – vocals
Mike Fuentes – drums, percussion
Vic Fuentes – vocals, guitars, bass
Matt Goddard – bass
Nick Martin – guitars, vocals
Brian Southall – guitars, programming, keyboards, synthesizers
Production
Casey Bates – producer
Artwork
Drew Roulette
Charts
References
External links
The Hearts of Lonely People at Equal Vision Records
2010 debut EPs
Isles & Glaciers albums
Equal Vision Records EPs
The Cap Blanc Lighthouse (also known as the Ras Nouadhibou Lighthouse) is an active lighthouse located on Ras Nouadhibou (French: Cap Blanc) in Mauritania. Constructed in 1910, it is today located only a few feet from Mauritania's border with Western Sahara. In recent years the lighthouse has been incorporated as the rear range light of a pair of leading lights. A modern fiberglass light structure forms the front of the range. The lighthouse serves as a landfall light for the port of Nouadhibou. A few kilometers northeast near Cansado is the Pointe de Cansado lighthouse, built in 1913.
See also
List of lighthouses in Mauritania
References
Lighthouses completed in 1910
Transport buildings and structures in Mauritania
Nouadhibou
Dakhlet Nouadhibou Region
Lighthouses in Africa
Ramanand Singh (born 25 June 1937) is an Indian politician. They were member 12th and 13th Lok Sabha representing BJP from Satna constituency of Madhya Pradesh. In 1967, they became a member of Rajya Sabha for the first time. In 1977 they became Cabinet Minister in Government of Madhya Pradesh for Forest, Local Self-Government, Public Health and Engineering Department in Janata Party government.
Positions held
References
http://www.indiapress.org/election/archives/lok12/biodata/12mp08.php
1937 births
Lok Sabha members from Madhya Pradesh
People from Satna district
Madhya Pradesh MLAs 1977–1980
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Living people
PTV Vissim is a microscopic multi-modal traffic flow simulation software package developed by PTV Planung Transport Verkehr AG in Karlsruhe, Germany. The name is derived from "Verkehr In Städten - SIMulationsmodell" (German for "Traffic in cities - simulation model"). PTV Vissim was first developed in 1992 and is today a global market leader.
Scope of application
The scope of application ranges from various issues of traffic engineering (transport engineering, transportation planning, signal timing), public transport, urban planning over fire protection (evacuation simulation) to 3d visualization (computer animation, architectural animation) for illustrative purpose and communication to the general public.
PTV Vissim is part of the PTV Vision Traffic Suite which also includes PTV Visum (traffic analysis and forecasting) and PTV Vistro (signal optimisation and traffic impact).
Modelling
Microscopic simulation
The basic traffic model ruling the movement of vehicles was developed by Rainer Wiedemann in 1974 at Karlsruhe University. It is a car-following model that considers physical and psychological aspects of the drivers.
The model underlying pedestrian dynamics is the Social Force Model by Dirk Helbing et al. from 1995.
"Microscopic simulation", sometimes called microsimulation, means each entity (car, train, person) of reality is simulated individually, i.e. it is represented by a corresponding entity in the simulation, thereby considering all relevant properties. The same holds for the interactions between the entities. The opposite would be a "macroscopic simulation", in which the description of reality is shifted from individuals to "averaged" variables like flow and density. The corresponding product from the same manufacturer is called Visum.
Transport modes
In Vissim the following types of traffic can be simulated, and mutually interact:
Vehicles (cars, buses, and trucks)
Public transport (trams, buses)
Cycles (bicycles, motorcycles)
Pedestrians
Rickshaws
Vehicle interactions
In VISSIM, vehicle conflict points can be modelled using Priority Rules, Conflict Areas or Signal Heads.
Signals can be modelled with fixed-time plans, or various modules such as VAP (Vehicle Actuated Programming) are available to model on-demand signals and other types of control and coordination.
Versions and associated files
Versions up to 5.40 created .INP files which used a proprietary language. Versions 6 and later created .INPX files which use an XML-based language. Both produce human-readable code:
.INP example
CONNECTOR 10011 NAME "West Road" LABEL 0.00 0.00
FROM LINK 30 LANES 1 AT 34.905
OVER 574805 165119 0.00000 OVER 574805 165119 0.000 OVER 574805 165120 0.000 OVER 574805 165120 0.000
TO LINK 2 LANES 1 AT 0.358 BEHAVIORTYPE 1 DISPLAYTYPE 1 ALL
DX_EMERG_STOP 5.000 DX_LANE_CHANGE 200.000
GRADIENT 0.00000 COST 0.00000 SURCHARGE 0.00000 SURCHARGE 0.00000
SEGMENT LENGTH 10.000 ANIMATION
.INPX example
<links>
<link assumSpeedOncom="60" consVehInDynPot="false" costPerKm="0" desSpeedFact="1" direction="ALL" displayType="1" emergStopDist="5" gradient="0" hasOvtLn="false" isPedArea="false" level="1" linkBehavType="1" linkEvalAct="false" linkEvalSegLen="10" lnChgDist="200" lnChgDistIsPerLn="false" lnChgEvalAct="true" lookAheadDistOvt="500" mesoFollowUpGap="0" mesoSpeed="50" mesoSpeedModel="VEHICLEBASED" name="Ramsgate Roundabout" netPerfEvalAct="true" no="1" ovtOnlyPT="false" ovtSpeedFact="1.3" showClsfValues="true" showLinkBar="true" showVeh="true" surch1="0" surch2="0" thickness="0" vehDynPotG="3" vehRecAct="true">
<geometry>
<linkPolyPts>
<linkPolyPoint x="553749" y="174493" zOffset="0"/>
<linkPolyPoint x="553759" y="174463" zOffset="0"/>
<linkPolyPoint x="553779" y="174401" zOffset="0"/>
<linkPolyPoint x="553799" y="174333" zOffset="0"/>
</linkPolyPts>
</geometry>
</link>
</links>
References
Further Literature
R. Wiedemann, Modelling of RTI-Elements on multi-lane roads. In: Advanced Telematics in Road Transport edited by the Commission of the European Community, DG XIII, Brussels, 1991.
M. Fellendorf, VISSIM: A microscopic simulation tool to evaluate actuated signal control including bus priority. 64th ITE Annual Meeting, 1994. PDF
L. Bloomberg and J. Dale, Comparison of VISSIM and CORSIM Traffic Simulation Models on a Congested Network. Transportation Research Record 1727:52-60, 2000. PDF
D. Helbing, I. Farkas, and T. Vicsek, Simulating dynamical features of escape panic. Nature, 407:487–490, 2000.
M. Fellendorf and P. Vortisch, Validation of the microscopic traffic flow model VISSIM in different real-world situations. Transportation Research Board, 2001. PDF
D. Helbing, I.J. Farkas, P. Molnar, and T. Vicsek, Simulation of Pedestrian Crowds in Normal and Evacuation Situations. In Schreckenberg and Sharma editors. Pedestrian and Evacuation Dynamics, Duisburg, 2002. Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
B.B. Park and J.D. Schneeberger, Microscopic Simulation Model Calibration and Validation: Case Study of VISSIM Simulation Model for a Coordinated Actuated Signal System. Transportation Research Record 1856:185-192, 2003. PDF
T. Werner and D. Helbing, The Social Force Pedestrian Model Applied to Real Life Scenarios. In E. Galea (editor) Pedestrian and Evacuation Dynamics: 2nd International Conference, Old Royal Naval College, University of Greenwich, London, 2003. CMS Press.
G. Gomes, A. May, and R. Horowitz, Congested Freeway Microsimulation Model Using VISSIM. Transportation Research Record 1876:71-81, 2004. PDF
R. Jagannathan and J.G. Bared, Design and Operational Performance of Crossover Displaced Left-Turn Intersections Transportation Research Record 1881:1-10, 2004.
K.Y.K. Leung T.-S. Dao C.M. Clark, and J.P. Huissoon, Development of a microscopic traffic simulator for inter-vehicle communication application research. In Intelligent Transportation Systems Conference 1286–1291, 2006.
M.M. Ishaque and R.B. Noland, Trade-offs between vehicular and pedestrian traffic using micro-simulation methods. Transport Policy 14(2):124-138, 2007.
W. Burghout, J. Wahlstedt, Hybrid Traffic Simulation with Adaptive Signal Control Transportation Research Record 1999:191-197, 2007. PDF
A. Johansson, D. Helbing, and P.K. Shukla, Specification of the Social Force Pedestrian Model by Evolutionary Adjustment to Video Tracking Data. Advances in Complex Systems 10(4):271–288, 2007.
External links
PTV Vissim official homepage
YouTube Channel with many PTV Vissim animations
Animated PTV Vissim example of a roundabout created by BrennerPlan GmbH.
Traffic simulation
1992 software
The Tiffin River is a tributary of the Maumee River in northwestern Ohio in the United States. Headwater tributaries of the river rise in southeastern Michigan. The river drains a primarily rural farming region in the watershed of Lake Erie. Early French traders called the river Crique Féve, translated as Bean Creek, due to the natural growth of bean plants along the shores.
The stream was renamed officially as the Tiffin River in 1822 after Edward Tiffin, the first governor of the state of Ohio. The upper section of the river north of the Ohio Turnpike is still referred to as Bean Creek.
Course
Bean Creek, the name of the upper half of the Tiffin River, flows from Devils Lake in the Irish Hills region of southeastern Michigan. It travels west through the village of Addison before meeting Posey Creek on the right bank. Turning south, the stream travels before merging with Hillsdale Creek just north of the city of Hudson. From there it flows southwest toward the unincorporated settlements of Medina and Canandaigua. At Canandaigua, Bean Creek comes within a mile of Black Creek, a tributary of the Raisin River. Flowing south past Canandaigua, the Bean Creek travels another before picking up Lime Creek a mile north of the city of Morenci. After picking up Silver Creek toward the south end of Morenci, Bean Creek enters Fulton County, Ohio. Following a generally straight course, Bean Creek is joined by Old Bean Creek at the Tiffin River Wildlife Area southwest of Morenci.
Beginning a highly meandering course, the stream, now known as the Tiffin River, continues southwest toward the village of Stryker. It turns to the south for its lower , joining the Maumee River from the north west of Defiance.
See also
List of Michigan rivers
List of rivers of Ohio
External links
Bean Creek Watershed
Tiffin River Wildlife Area
References
Rivers of Michigan
Rivers of Ohio
Rivers of Fulton County, Ohio
Rivers of Williams County, Ohio
Rivers of Lenawee County, Michigan
Rivers of Defiance County, Ohio
Tributaries of Lake Erie
Mikhalyov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Mikhalyova (). It may refer to:
Aleksey Mikhalyov (born 1983), Russian football player
Aleksey Mikhalyov (1944–1994), Russian translator
Andrei Mikhalev (born 1978), Belarusian ice hockey player
Ilya Mikhalyov (born 1990), Ukrainian football player
Sergey Mikhalyov (1947–2015), Russian ice hockey coach
Vladimir Mikhalyov (born 1987), Russian football player
Russian-language surnames
This is a list of Washington Capitals award winners.
League awards
Team trophies
Individual awards
All-Stars
NHL first and second team All-Stars
The NHL first and second team All-Stars are the top players at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.
NHL All-Rookie Team
The NHL All-Rookie Team consists of the top rookies at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.
All-Star Game selections
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is a mid-season exhibition game held annually between many of the top players of each season. Thirty-seven All-Star Games have been held since the Washington Capitals entered the league in 1974, with at least one player chosen to represent the Capitals in each year. The All-Star game has not been held in various years: 1979 and 1987 due to the 1979 Challenge Cup and Rendez-vous '87 series between the NHL and the Soviet national team, respectively, 1995, 2005, and 2013 as a result of labor stoppages, 2006, 2010, and 2014 because of the Winter Olympic Games, and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Washington has hosted one of the games. The 34th took place at the Capital Centre.
Selected by fan vote
Selected as one of four "last men in" by fan vote
Selected by Commissioner
All-Star Game replacement events
Career achievements
Hockey Hall of Fame
The following is a list of Washington Capitals who have been enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Foster Hewitt Memorial Award
One member of the Washington Capitals organization has been honored with the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award. The award is presented by the Hockey Hall of Fame to members of the radio and television industry who make outstanding contributions to their profession and the game of ice hockey during their broadcasting career.
Lester Patrick Trophy
The Lester Patrick Trophy has been presented by the National Hockey League and USA Hockey since 1966 to honor a recipient's contribution to ice hockey in the United States. This list includes all personnel who have ever been employed by the Washington Capitals in any capacity and have also received the Lester Patrick Trophy.
United States Hockey Hall of Fame
Retired numbers
The Washington Capitals have retired four of their jersey numbers. Also out of circulation is the number 99 which was retired league-wide for Wayne Gretzky on February 6, 2000. Gretzky did not play for the Capitals during their 20-year NHL career and no Capitals player had ever worn the number 99 prior to its retirement.
Other awards
See also
List of National Hockey League awards
Notes
References
Washington Capitals
award
The largest mid Miocene deposits in Ukraine are situated near Ternopil city. Here several species of corals, crabs, mollusks and whales have been found. One of the most interesting discoveries is a daira speciosa carapace with a haliotis shell. Probably it had symbiotic relationship with this crab.
13 million years ago the area was part of a shallow sea called the Paratethys, which is why there were found few vertebrate fossils. Grains of sedimentary rock were too large to preserve soft tissues or small and delicate bones. However, shells and crabs carapaces, because they were hard enough, survived.
Most of the fossils found there are displayed in the Kyiv paleontological museum.
List of fossil species
Echinoids
Euptagus
Crabs
Daira speciosa
Xantho moldavicus
Mollusks
Lithophaga sp.
Turbo sp.
Haliotis volhynica
Conus sp.
Cypraea sp.
Corals
Unidentified species
Whales
Phocoena sp.
See also
Miocene
References
External links
Miocene crabs. ''Palaeotm.com
Kyiv paleontological museum
Miocene animals
The Palos Verdes Stakes is a Grade III American thoroughbred horse race for four-year-olds and older over a distance of six furlongs on the dirt track held annually in late January or early February at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California, USA. The event currently carries a purse of $200,000.
History
The event is named after one of the first California land grants known as Rancho San Pedro consisting today of the Pacific coast cities of Los Angeles harbor, San Pedro, the Palos Verdes Peninsula and other cities in Los Angeles County including Rancho Palos Verdes which is approximately 50 miles from Santa Anita Park.
Pre World War II (1936)
The first running of the event known as the Palos Verdes Handicap was on 25 February 1936. The event was for three-year-olds and older for a purse of $1,200 with seven starters. The event was won by Mars heiress Mrs. Ethel V. Mars's Milky Way Farm Stable – The Fighter, trained by Robert V. McGarvey and ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Alfred M. Robertson by a margin lengths in a relatively fast time of 1:11 flat on a drying track.
The Fighter was the only three-year-old in the field and was preparing for the U.S. Triple Crown events. Later in May, The Fighter ran in the 1936 Kentucky Derby where they were prominent early in the event but faded to finish eleventh.
Post World War II
The event would not be held for fifteen years and was reinstated by Santa Anita Track Administration as part of the stakes program for the opening week of the 1951–52 Winter Meeting. The event would have grown in prominence in the 1950s and would become an Opening Day feature for the track's Winter Meetings. The first time the event was held on an Opening
Day was on 26 December 1953 and 62,000 were on hand to see 18/1 longshot Heliowise winning by the shortest of margins and setting a new stakes record of 1:09. The following year Imbros carried a remarkable 128 pounds giving eighteen pounds to the fine sprinter Berseem (second place) and Hour Regards (third place) and would equal the track record for the six furlongs distance of 1:09 flat. Ten years later Imbros's son, one of California's all-time favorite horses, Native Diver would win the first of their two victories in the event.
Other notable winners from this era were the 1956 winner Porterhouse who was the 1953 US Champion Two-Year-Old Male. Revel, the 1961 winner carried 127 pounds defeating the 1960 winner Ole Fols by lengths as the 3/2 favorite. In 1963 Cyrano easily defeated Sledge by three lengths with the favorite Olden Times a further length away setting a new track record of 1:08 for the distance.
US Hall of Famer Native Diver won the 1964 rendition of the event in front of 70,024 on Opening Day. The following year Native Diver carried a mammoth 129 pounds and led throughout to win by a neck as the 1/2on favorite.
The event was scheduled to be held on Opening Day in 1969 but due to a strike by racetrack employees the race was not run. The event was rescheduled for later in January 1970 but the strike continued until early February and the race was canceled.
For the 1970–71 Winter Meeting the event was scheduled on Saturday, 2 January 1971 for horses four-years-old or older. Hence, the event was also not held in 1970. The great Ack Ack was assigned 129 pounds and started as the 4/5 odds-on favorite but was soundly beaten by Jungle Savage by three lengths. The following Winter Meeting (1971–72) the event was scheduled in December and conditions were for three-year-olds and older. King of Cricket won by a stakes record margin of six lengths.
Classification and Breeders' Cup era
In 1973 when the American Graded Stakes Committee began the classification of US thoroughbred races the event was installed with Grade III status. The event held that status for one year in 1974 before the event was downgraded to Listed. The winner of the 1974 rendition, Ancient Title carried 126 pounds to victory as an 11/10 favorite atoning for their third place in the previous year. Ancient Title would again run third in 1976 to the three-year-old Maheras. From 1985 until 2011 both Hollywood Park and Santa Anita Park Administration carded an event in honor of Ancient Title known as the Ancient Title Handicap. Today the event is known as the Grade II Santa Anita Sprint Championship, run over the same distance as the Palos Verdes Stakes but is held in the fall.
In 1982 with a massive crowd of 69,293 the event was won by Chinook Pass who easily won by three lengths and equaled the track record of 1:07. Chinook Pass would continue their fine form into 1983 and would be voted US Champion Sprint Horse. Phone Trick continued their undefeated streak of six in 1985 when they easily won by lengths as the 4/5 odds-on favorite. Phone Trick's career would end with an injury the following year after a 10 start, 9 wins and one second career.
In 1988 the event was upgraded back to Grade III. In 1990 the event was held for the last time in December. For the 1991–92 Winter Meeting the Santa Anita Administration scheduled the event in February 1992 as a four-year-old and older. The event has held its place in the racing calendar schedule as either being run in late January or early February.
The first participant than ran in the Palos Verdes Handicap to make an impact at the Breeders' Cup was Cardmania. In 1993 Cardmania finished third to 14/1 longshot Music Merci, beaten by about lengths after leading into the straight. A consistent sprinter Cardmania had eight starts without any victories before hitting form in mid-October and winning the Ancient Title Breeders' Cup Handicap. The following start Cardmania won the Breeders' Cup Sprint and later was voted US Champion Sprint Champion for 1983. Music Merci finished sixth in the same event.
The first horse to win the Palos Verdes Handicap and Breeders' Cup Sprint in the same year (1996) was the gray horse Lit de Justice. Lit de Justice finished third in the 1995 Breeders' Cup Sprint at Belmont Park. After returning to California, Lit de Justice finished second in an allowance at Hollywood Park Racetrack and in their first run of 1996 would win the now discontinued El Conejo Handicap over the shorter furlong distance easily by lengths. Next start Lit de Justice prevailed in the Palos Verdes Handicap as the 11/10 favorite. In their last start of the year and their career Lit de Justice won the 1996 Breeders' Cup Sprint at Woodbine Racetrack in Canada and was crowned the US Champion Sprint Champion.
In 1998 the event was upgraded to Grade II and would hold this status until 2020.
In 2000 as a six-year-old Kona Gold also captured the Palos Verdes Handicap and then later in year the Breeders' Cup Sprint and was crowned the US Champion Sprint Champion. Kona Gold also finished second in the 1999 running of Palos Verdes Handicap and as a nine-year-old finished last of six entrants as the 7/5 favorite beaten by the Argentine-bred Avanzado by lengths.
In 2007 Santa Anita Park administration installed a new All-weather track and for the 2008 the winner was In Summation who set a new stake and track record for the distance with a time of 1:06.67. Since 2011 the event has been held on the dirt track. In 2011 the conditions of the event were changed to as stakes with allowance and the name of the event was modified to the Palos Verdes Stakes.
The winner of the 2018 running of the event only four horses were entered and was won by the 2017 Breeders' Cup Sprint winner and US Champion Sprint Champion Roy H who was the overwhelming 1/5 odds-on favorite who toyed with their opponents winning by lengths. Later in the year Roy H repeated winning the Breeders' Cup Sprint and once again voted as US Champion Sprint Champion for 2018. In 2019 Roy H returned to face five opponents in the Palos Verdes Stakes and again easily won the race by 4 lengths as the 3/10 odds-on favorite becoming the second two-time winner of the event.
Records
Speed record:
1:06.67 - In Summation (2008)
Margins:
lengths – Impressive Luck (1977)
6 lengths – King of Cricket (1971)
Most wins:
2 – Native Diver (1964, 1965)
2 – Roy H (2018, 2019)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Llangollen Farm (1956, 1957, 1966)
3 – David A. Bernsen (2017, 2018, 2019)
Most wins by a jockey:
7 – Laffit Pincay, Jr. (1968, 1974, 1976, 1982, 1985, 1992, 2001)
Most wins by a trainer:
4 – Buster Millerick (1955, 1964, 1965, 1967)
4 – Charles E. Whittingham (1956, 1957, 1959, 1966)
4 – Peter Miller (2017, 2018, 2019, 2020)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
External links
2020 Santa Anita Media Guide
References
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Open sprint category horse races
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 1936
1936 establishments in California
Grade 3 stakes races in the United States
The Landai Sin Valley, or the Bashgal Valley, is a geographical feature of Nuristan Province, eastern Afghanistan, formed by the Landai Sin River which empties into the Kunar River (also called the Chitral River) at Barikot, Kamdesh District in Nuristan, Afghanistan. The largest town in the valley is Kamdesh. The lower Bashgal Valley is inhabited by the Kom people.
History
During the period of British influence in the 19th century, the Landai Sin Valley was considered part of Chitral State.
In the 1980s, Salafist cleric Mawlawi Afzal founded the Islamic Revolutionary State of Afghanistan in Landai Sin, which established consulates in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
References
Landforms of Nuristan Province
Valleys of Afghanistan
Kushk-e Mardan (, also romanized as Kūshk-e Mardān) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Farm is the only album by American country music band The Farm. It was released on July 17, 2012 via Elektra Records. The album includes the top 20 single "Home Sweet Home."
Track listing
Chart performance
Album
References
2012 debut albums
The Farm (U.S. band) albums
Elektra Records albums
Hugo López (born 1 February 1973) is a Guatemalan racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Guatemalan male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Guatemala
Place of birth missing (living people)
Central American Games silver medalists for Guatemala
Central American Games medalists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Guatemala
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
In mathematics, a Carlyle circle (named for Thomas Carlyle) is a certain circle in a coordinate plane associated with a quadratic equation. The circle has the property that the solutions of the quadratic equation are the horizontal coordinates of the intersections of the circle with the horizontal axis. Carlyle circles have been used to develop ruler-and-compass constructions of regular polygons.
Definition
Given the quadratic equation
x2 − sx + p = 0
the circle in the coordinate plane having the line segment joining the points A(0, 1) and B(s, p) as a diameter is called the Carlyle circle of the quadratic equation.
Defining property
The defining property of the Carlyle circle can be established thus: the equation of the circle having the line segment AB as diameter is
x(x − s) + (y − 1)(y − p) = 0.
The abscissas of the points where the circle intersects the x-axis are the roots of the equation (obtained by setting y = 0 in the equation of the circle)
x2 − sx + p = 0.
Construction of regular polygons
Regular pentagon
The problem of constructing a regular pentagon is equivalent to the problem of constructing the roots of the equation
z5 − 1 = 0.
One root of this equation is z0 = 1 which corresponds to the point P0(1, 0). Removing the factor corresponding to this root, the other roots turn out to be roots of the equation
z4 + z3 + z2 + z + 1 = 0.
These roots can be represented in the form ω, ω2, ω3, ω4 where ω = exp (2i/5). Let these correspond to the points P1, P2, P3, P4. Letting
p1 = ω + ω4, p2 = ω2 + ω3
we have
p1 + p2 = −1, p1p2 = −1. (These can be quickly shown to be true by direct substitution into the quartic above and noting that ω6 = ω, and ω7 = ω2.)
So p1 and p2 are the roots of the quadratic equation
x2 + x − 1 = 0.
The Carlyle circle associated with this quadratic has a diameter with endpoints at (0, 1) and (−1, −1) and center at (−1/2, 0). Carlyle circles are used to construct p1 and p2. From the definitions of p1 and p2 it also follows that
p1 = 2 cos(2/5), p2 = 2 cos(4/5).
These are then used to construct the points P1, P2, P3, P4.
This detailed procedure involving Carlyle circles for the construction of regular pentagons is given below.
Draw a circle in which to inscribe the pentagon and mark the center point O.
Draw a horizontal line through the center of the circle. Mark one intersection with the circle as point B.
Construct a vertical line through the center. Mark one intersection with the circle as point A.
Construct the point M as the midpoint of O and B.
Draw a circle centered at M through the point A. This is the Carlyle circle for x2 + x − 1 = 0. Mark its intersection with the horizontal line (inside the original circle) as the point W and its intersection outside the circle as the point V. These are the points p1 and p2 mentioned above.
Draw a circle of radius OA and center W. It intersects the original circle at two of the vertices of the pentagon.
Draw a circle of radius OA and center V. It intersects the original circle at two of the vertices of the pentagon.
The fifth vertex is the intersection of the horizontal axis with the original circle.
Regular heptadecagon
There is a similar method involving Carlyle circles to construct regular heptadecagons. The figure to the right illustrates the procedure.
Regular 257-gon
To construct a regular 257-gon using Carlyle circles, as many as 24 Carlyle circles are to be constructed. One of these is the circle to solve the quadratic equation x2 + x − 64 = 0.
Regular 65537-gon
There is a procedure involving Carlyle circles for the construction of a regular 65537-gon. However there are practical problems for the implementation of the procedure; for example, it requires the construction of the Carlyle circle for the solution of the quadratic equation x2 + x − 214 = 0.
History
According to Howard Eves (1911–2004), the mathematician John Leslie (1766–1832) described the geometric construction of roots of a quadratic equation with a circle in their book Elements of Geometry and noted that this idea was provided by their former student Thomas Carlyle (1795–1881). However while the description in Leslie's book contains an analogous circle construction, it was presented solely in elementary geometric terms without the notion of a Cartesian coordinate system or a quadratic function and its roots:
In 1867 the Austrian engineer Eduard Lill published a graphical method to determine the roots of a polynomial (Lill's method). If it is applied on a quadratic function, then it yields the trapezoid figure from Carlyle's solution to Leslie's problem (see graphic) with one of its sides being the diameter of the Carlyle circle. In an article from 1925 G. A. Miller pointed out that a slight modification of Lill's method applied to a normed quadratic function yields a circle that allows the geometric construction of the roots of that function and gave the explicit modern definition of what was later to be called Carlyle circle.
Eves used the circle in the modern sense in one of the exercises of their book Introduction to the History of Mathematics (1953) and pointed out the connection to Leslie and Carlyle. Later publications started to adopt the names Carlyle circle, Carlyle method or Carlyle algorithm, though in German speaking countries the term Lill circle (Lill-Kreis) is used as well. DeTemple used in 1989 and 1991 Carlyle circles to devise compass-and-straightedge constructions for regular polygons, in particular the pentagon, the heptadecagon, the 257-gon and the 65537-gon. Ladislav Beran described in 1999 how the Carlyle circle can be used to construct the complex roots of a normed quadratic function.
References
Euclidean geometry
Polygons
Constructible polygons
Euclidean plane geometry
Elementary algebra
Equations
Thomas Carlyle
Montu was a falcon-headed god of war in Ancient Egyptian religion.
Montu may also refer to:
Montu (roller coaster), a roller coaster at Busch Gardens Tampa
Montù, an Italian wine grape
Mõntu, a village and harbour in Estonia
See also
Montù Beccaria, a commune in Italy
Muntu
Calvalleri is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrea Cavalleri (born 1969), Italian physicist
Ferdinando Cavalleri (1794–1867), Italian history and portrait painter
Silvia Cavalleri (born 1972), Italian professional golfer
Italian-language surnames
The refers to a group of kofun burial mounds located in the Mikuninochō-Kokubunji neighborhood of the city of Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, in the Kansai region of Japan. Four tumuli were collectively designated a National Historic Site in 1921.
Danjōzuka Kofun
The Danjōzuka Kofun is located on a fluvial terrace on the left bank of the Ichikawa River in eastern Himeji City. Per local tradition, it was constructed by Empress Jingu, who used it as a ceremonial platform. The tumulus has been surveyed, but no archaeological excavation has been conducted. The tumulus is a , which is shaped like a keyhole, having one square end and one circular end, when viewed from above. It is orientated to the northwest and has an overall length of around 143 meters, making it the third largest in the region. It is constructed in three layers, and has almost identical dimensions to the Nakatsuyama Kofun in Fujiidera, Osaka, with artifacts on both the east and west sides of the central constriction, indicating a strong connection with the Yamato Kingdom. The surface was covered in fukiishi, and both cylindrical and figurative haniwa have been found. The tumulus was surrounded by a shield-shaped moat with a width of about 10 to 20 meters.
The lid stone of a stone sarcophagus is partially exposed on the top of the posterior circular portion. This stone measures 2.7 meters in length and 1.2 meters in width, and there are a total of eight rope-hanging protrusions, two on each side. However, as it is resting on the top of the mound, it is not certain whether or not there is a stone burial chamber underneath, and it is also unclear if the sarcophagus has been opened. An article dated November 23, 1903 in the Kobe Asahi Shimbun debated whether or not it should be opened, and another article dated from 1910 mentioned that some 200 iron artifacts including ten iron swords were excavated in the northwestern part of the tumulus, but it is not clear whether or not this is a different location from this sarcophagus. Since the existing sarcophagus is not located in the center of the posterior circular portion, and there have been many instances of multiple burial facilities in other kofun, this remains a possibility. The tumulus is estimated to have been built around the first half of the 5th century in the middle of the Kofun period, and to be the grave of the kuni no miyatsuko of Harima.
Overall length 142.8 meters
Posterior circular portion 83 meter diameter x 13.2 meters high x 3-tier
Anterior rectangular portion 87 meters wide x 11.4 meters high x 3-tier
The tumulus was once surrounded by ten smaller kofun, of which eight have been destroyed due to residential housing development. The remaining two are part of the National Historic Site designation. The tumuli are about a ten-minute walk from Gochaku Station on the JR West San'yō Main Line.
The is listed as "No.1 Kofun" in the National Historic Site designation. It is a circular -style tumulus with a diameter of 18 meters, located on the east side of the posterior circular portion of the Danjōzuka Kofun. It is in very poor preservation with much its mound shaved away. The is listed as "No.2 Kofun" in the National Historic Site designation. It is also an enpun and is located on the southwest side of the posterior circular portion of the Danjōzuka Kofun. It is also in very poor preservation with much its mound shaved away.
Yamanokoshi Kofun
The is listed as "No.3 Kofun" in the National Historic Site designation. It is located about 150 meters northwest of the main axis of the Danjōyama tumulus. The tumulus is a square -style kofun, measuring 60 meters on each side, with a height of seven meters. This makes it the largest hōfun in the prefecture, but the northern half of the tumulus has been destroyed, and it is in poor preservation. Some traces of fukiishi and small fragments of haniwa gave been found, and they mound was once surrounded by a moat with a width of 17 meters. A stone sarcophagus is currently exposed at the top of the mound, and as no trace of a stone-lined burlap chamber have been found it is believed to have been directly buried in the tumulus. The length of the sarcophagus is shorter than that of the Danjōzuka Kofun, and it is considered to be of later date from its style. When the sarcophagus was opened in 1897, the bones indie were found to be orientated to the north and resting on a bad of white river stones. Grave goods included a 16.4-cm bronze mirror, magatama, tubular beads and an iron sword. These artifacts were not preserved properly and the mirror and sword have severely deteriorated, whereas the other artifacts, including additional bronze mirrors and iron swords found outside the sarcophagus, have been scattered and their whereabouts are currently unknown. It is estimated that this burial mound was built in the middle of the 5th century, following the Danjōzuka Kofun, and that it is of the less-prestigious hōfun-style is an indication that the local rulers ad by that time become more subservient to Yamato authority.
Gallery
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Hyōgo)
References
External links
Himeji city home page
Kofun
Archaeological sites in Japan
History of Hyōgo Prefecture
Himeji, Hyōgo
Historic Sites of Japan
Maxwell Ruthven Thornton (11 July 1878 – 30 August 1950) was an English Liberal politician and lawyer.
Early life
Thornton was the son of George Ruthven Thornton MA, the Vicar of St Barnabas' church in Kensington. They were educated at St Paul's School (London). They went into the law, becoming a solicitor in 1901. In 1903 they were appointed Advocate and Solicitor to the Straits Settlements in South East Asia and from April until October 1908, they served as an Acting Member of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements. In 1909 they married Katherine Yates and they had one daughter.
Member of Parliament for Tavistock
Thornton was elected as Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Tavistock at the 1922 general election enjoying a majority of 1,051 over their Conservative opponent. As soon as they were in Parliament, Thornton was drawn into the efforts to reunite the National, or Lloyd George Liberals with the Independent Liberals led by H H Asquith. They called a meeting of both sides of the party, held in the House of Commons on 27 November 1922 which according to the report in the Times newspaper was attended by about 70 MPs but the official record of which indicates that there were nearly one hundred MPs present. There was lots of goodwill and fraternal sounding speeches but beyond fine words the meeting did not bring about any definite conclusion. On the contrary, although Lloyd George appeared willing to continue negotiation, even letting it be known they would be willing to serve under Asquith, Asquith was hostile. In some respects Thornton's initiative on Liberal reunion proved to be counter-productive. One outcome of Thornton's meeting was Asquith's sacking of their Chief Whip James Myles Hogge in February 1923 because they supported reunion and their replacement by Vivian Phillipps, Liberal MP for Edinburgh West who was strongly opposed.
At the 1923 general election Thornton held their seat, having what was at that time described a ‘strong hold on this agricultural constituency' – although their majority increased only slightly over its 1922 total to one of 1,811 votes. In 1924 they were appointed as one of the Liberal Whips.
The 1924 general election
The 1924 general election was a disaster for the Liberal Party, with net losses of 118 seats. Thornton, who had previously been well supported in their largely agricultural seat, was defeated by the Conservative candidate Major Kenyon-Slaney (who had also been their opponent in 1922 and 1923) and who was returned with a majority of 1,272. In the general election campaign the Tories played strongly on rural grievances. Despite Thornton's arguing that only a Liberal government could provide security for the farmer and good wages for the agricultural labourer, and their reputation for being on the Right of their party the Tories led by Stanley Baldwin came to be regarded as the champion of the countryside against the urban areas and London based politicians. In addition the appearance of many more Labour candidates in 1924, together with a plea from Labour for its supporters not to vote at all in those seats it was not contesting meant that Liberals were fighting many more three-cornered contests and not picking up enough votes from agricultural labourers in straight fights. Asquith lost their seat in the 1924 election, Lloyd George became party leader and a ferment of new ideas and policy initiatives flowed forward in the next few years. One such policy called for a form of land nationalisation as set out in the publication Land and the Nation (or Green Book). This was a step too far for some former MPs from rural areas and Thornton resigned from the party in protest in 1925 and at what they described as "coquetting with Socialism".
Death
Thornton died at Hove in Sussex aged 73 in 1950.
References
External links
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at St Paul's School, London
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Tavistock
1878 births
1950 deaths
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
Brae Burn Country Club is a golf course located in West Newton, Massachusetts. Designed by Donald Ross, Brae Burn has hosted seven USGA Championships, including the 1919 U.S. Open, and 1928 U.S. Amateur. Brae Burn is most noted for its diabolical greens, and classic layout.
History
Brae Burn Country Club is located in West Newton, at 326 Fuller Street. Henry B. Day, along with their brother Frank A. Day, were active in founding the club. Henry also served as the club president from 1921 to 1928. The original six-hole layout ran on both sides of Commonwealth Ave., using the founder's home grounds and unoccupied land to lay out the course. The club was incorporated with a nine-hole course in 1897, used until 1903, when construction on a new eighteen-hole course was completed. It was on this layout that Brae Burn received much notoriety for its challenging layout, hosting the 1906 United States Women's Amateur Champion, won by Harriot Curtis, condoner of the Curtis Cup.
In 1912, Scotsman Donald Ross underwent their first redesign of the original eighteen-hole layout. Following the success of their restoration came Brae Burn's second United States Golf Association Championship, the 1919 United States Men's Open Championship. The event was won by the formidable Sir Walter Hagen. In 1928 Donald Ross made a return visit to Brae Burn to revamp the course for the club's hosting of the 1928 United States Men's Amateur Championship. A modification of the eighteenth hole included a back tee, subsequently coined the “Jones Tee”, for eventual champion Robert Tyre “Bobby” Jones Jr.
Since 1928, the course has remained the same, only a few alterations to tee boxes and greens have been done. Brae Burn continued to host national championships, including the Curtis Cup in 1958 and 1970, and the U.S. Women's Amateur in 1975. In Brae Burn's centennial year, 1997, the U.S. Women's Amateur returned, in which Italy's first amateur champion, Silvia Cavalieri, defeated Robin Burke of the United States, 5&4. Today Brae Burn is a member of both the USGA and the Massachusetts Golf Association, and actively participates as a host club for various MGA events.
References
Brae Burn Country Club. (1997). Brae Burn Country Club, 1897–1997, Centenary, One Hundred Years of Golf and Family Life. Walsworth Publishing Company.
External links
1897 establishments in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Newton, Massachusetts
Curtis Cup venues
Golf clubs and courses in Massachusetts
Golf clubs and courses designed by Donald Ross
Sports in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Sports venues completed in 1897
Etlingera otiolophos is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Axel Dalberg Poulsen. Etlingera otiolophos is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
otiolophos
Portugal competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Athletics
Men
Track
Field
Women
Track
Field
Boccia
Individual
Pairs and team
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Portugal qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
Equestrian
Ana Veiga was given a Bipartite Commission Invitation slot to compete in Rio.
Judo
Shooting
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November. Adelino Rocha earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the P4 Mixed 50m Pistol SH1 event.
Swimming
Men
Women
Record legend: WR = World record; PR = Paralympic record; AR = Area record; NR = National record
See also
Portugal at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Portuguese sport
Michael Ben-Ari (, born 12 October 1963) is an Israeli politician, and former member of the Knesset. During the 18th Knesset, Ben Ari was a member of the National Union party, until it broke up as elections for the 19th Knesset approached and they co-established the Otzma LeYisrael party. They failed to be re-elected to the 19th Knesset. They were banned by the courts from running in the 2019 election. They were the first outspoken disciple of Rabbi Meir Kahane to have been elected to the Knesset. They have a Ph.D in Land of Israel and Archaeology studies.
Early life
Ben-Ari grew up in the Kfar Shalem neighbourhood in south Tel Aviv, born to Mizrahi Jewish parents from Iran and Afghanistan. They studied at the Bnei Akiva yeshiva at Kfar Haroeh, at the hesder yeshiva in Yamit, and at the Mercaz HaRav yeshiva. As part of their hesder army service, they were with the Nahal settlement at Neve Dekalim from 1982 to 1986. They studied education at Bar-Ilan University, gaining a BA, before studying the Talmud for a Master's degree, and the Land of Israel for a PhD. They were a rabbi teacher at the Darchei No'am Yeshiva in Petach Tikva as well as the Bnei Akiva Yeshiva in Giv'at Shmuel.
Political career
Previously a member of the banned Kach party, Ben-Ari still views themselves as Meir Kahane's follower. They ran with the Herut - The National Movement party in the 2003 elections, and for the 2006 elections, they ran with the Jewish National Front party, but both times failed to be elected since the parties did not pass the threshold. Leading up to the 2009 elections, the Jewish National Front joined a new party called Eretz Yisrael Shelanu. That new alliance then joined the National Union, and Ben-Ari was placed fourth on the combined list for the elections. They entered the Knesset as the party won four seats. Once elected, they appointed Hebron residents and Kahanists Baruch Marzel and Itamar Ben-Gvir as their aides in the Knesset.
In 2009, in an open letter to Israeli leaders and politicians, Ben-Ari stated that Pope Benedict XVI's visit to Israel would be an insult to the memory of Holocaust victims.
Unlike their teacher, Rabbi Meir Kahane, who was marginalized and isolated as a member of Knesset, Ben Ari has succeeded in integrating themselves into Israel's political arena. According to Uri Avnery their extremist perorations are listened to with 'rapt attention' by most factions in the Knesset.
Ben-Ari's November 2009 United States visa application was denied on the grounds of their arrest during anti-disengagement protests in 2005 and their support for Kahanist ideology.
Ben-Ari opened their external Member of Knesset office in the south Tel Aviv neighbourhood where they grew up. Throughout the 18th Knesset session, they struggled to bring attention to the growing number of Sudanese they blamed for increasing crime rates and other residents' problems. In June 2011, to draw attention to what they saw as the ever-increasing illegal alien problem, they bused 40 Sudanese nationals to a prestigious pool in northern Tel Aviv, provided them with new bathing suits and paid for their entrance.
Ben-Ari's 2012 visa application to attend a conference in D.C. was denied on the State Department's "prerogative to ban terrorists from entering the country."
In July 2012, all Members of Knesset were sent a copy of the New Testament by a missionary organization. Ben Ari called it provocative, and subsequently tore their copy, referring to it as a despicable book responsible for the murder of millions of Jews, and which should, including the senders, be put in "history's trash can".
In November 2012, Ben-Ari and Aryeh Eldad left the National Union to establish Otzma LeYisrael. Ben-Ari and Eldad publicly burned Palestinian flags in response to the passage of United Nations General Assembly resolution 67/19. The party failed to cross the 2% threshold in the 2013 elections and Eldad subsequently lost their Knesset seat.
Political arguments
In March 2010, in response to David Miliband's statement that the Israeli cloning of British passports is "intolerable", Aryeh Eldad commented: "I think the British are being hypocritical, and I do not wish to insult dogs here, since some dogs show true loyalty, [but] who gave the British the right to judge us on the war on terror?" The canine theme was taken up by Ben-Ari, who said: "Dogs are usually loyal, the British may be dogs, but they are not loyal to us. They seem to be loyal to the anti-Semitic establishment".
Ben-Ari argues that most Arabs should be expelled from Israel.
In May 2011, they equated 'leftists' with Hezbollah and Hamas, calling them "germs" and "enemies of Israel".
During a protest demanding the government escalate the assault on Gaza, they repeated "Let the IDF kick ass!", before complaining, "Why is it that after 200 assaults only 15 were killed? It should be 15 assaults and 2,000 killed!"
In July 2014, during Operation Protective Edge, they were cited as having argued that: "Those who pity their enemies end up being cruel to their own people. Those who are cruel to their enemies truly love their own people."
Arrest
On 1 June 2009, Ben-Ari was handcuffed and arrested after being involved in an incident near Yitzhar in the West Bank, and despite their parliamentary immunity as Member of Knesset. They climbed onto an army truck and refused to get off, demanding that the Israel Border Police and Israel Defense Forces soldiers explain to them why they had arrested and handcuffed minors at a roadblocking protest. Knesset speaker Reuven Rivlin called the police commissioner and clarified that the police has no authority to arrest an MK without their approval. Yitzhak Aharonovich, the Internal Security Minister, justified the arrest, despite Ben Ari's parliamentary immunity, saying that they will not let MKs violate the law. Ben-Ari's response was to suggest that Aharonovich first verify the facts before coming to conclusions. The IDF Spokesman's office started an investigation into whether the IDF and Border Guard acted illegally in their treatment of Ben-Ari. On 16 June, the Knesset Committee discussed Ben-Ari's arrest. While the semantics of the word 'arrest' were discussed, it was confirmed that Ben-Ari was not incarcerated. It was reported that a letter from the Chief of General Staff's office stated that the IDF expects elected officials and public representatives not to fan the flames and to abide by instructions from the security forces. Chairman of the committee, Ze'ev Elkin from Likud, criticized the Ministry of Defense for boycotting the meeting and not sending representatives.
Banned from the 2019 election
After an appeal by the Meretz party, the Supreme Court of Israel banned Ben-Ari from running in the election due to their extremist political views. They had been a candidate of the Otzma Yehudit party.
Personal life
Ben-Ari lives in the Israeli settlement of Karnei Shomron.  They are married with nine children. Their brother, Herzl Ben-Ari, is the former head of the Karnei Shomron Local Council.
References
External links
Hamered Hagadol book first published in 2016 on the Great Revolt
1963 births
Living people
Bar-Ilan University alumni
Mercaz HaRav alumni
Israeli historians
Israeli settlers
Israeli Kahanists
Israeli Mizrahi Jews
Israeli people of Afghan-Jewish descent
Israeli people of Iranian-Jewish descent
Members of the 18th Knesset (2009–2013)
People from Tel Aviv
National Union (Israel) politicians
Otzma Yehudit politicians
Israeli politicians of Iranian descent
Leaders of political parties in Israel
Opposition to Christianity in Israel
Deuteromallotus is a Malagasy genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae. The genus has 2 species.
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Richard Edward Lloyd Maunsell (pronounced "Mansell") (26 May 1868 – 7 March 1944) held the post of chief mechanical engineer (CME) of the South Eastern and Chatham Railway from 1913 until the 1923 Grouping and then the post of CME of the Southern Railway in England until 1937. They had previously worked their way up through positions in other railways in Ireland, England and India.
Biography
They were born on 26 May 1868 at Raheny, County Dublin, in Ireland, the seventh son of John Maunsell, a Justice of the Peace and a prominent solicitor in Dublin. They attended The Royal School, Armagh from 1882 to 1886. They commenced studies at Trinity College, Dublin on 23 October 1886 for a law degree; however by this stage they had shown a keen interest in engineering. They concurrently began an apprenticeship at the Inchicore works of the Great Southern and Western Railway (GS&WR) under H. A. Ivatt in 1888. Following completion of their degree in January 1891 they were able to complete their apprenticeship at Horwich Works on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (as Nigel Gresley had done before him). At Horwich, they worked in the drawing office, before occupying the post of locomotive supervisor in charge of the Blackpool and Fleetwood District.
It was at a social evening organised by the L&YR's Aspinall that Maunsell was to meet their future wife, Edith Pearson. They evidently impressed Edith as they were to send them a letter in March 1893 requesting a tour of the grain elevator at Fleetwood Docks. Their correspondence became increasingly familiar and on 1 August 1893 Maunsell wrote to Edith's father requesting permission for an engagement to be married, which was refused on the basis of funding with Edith sent to Paris.
Maunsell went to India in 1894, as assistant locomotive superintendent of the East India Railway, They subsequently are appointed district locomotive superintendent of the Asansol District.
They returned in 1896 to become works manager at Inchicore on the GS&WR., Robert Coey having been promoted to locomotive superintendent on the departure of Henry Ivatt. O.S. Nock comments "with Robert Coey as Locomotive Superintendent and R. E. L. Maunsell as Works Manager at Inchichore the whole department was run with a smoothness to equal anything in the British Isles". The increased salary with a free house finally met the income stipulations of Edith's father and enabled Maunsell to marry Edith on 15 June 1896 in London. Maunsell moved up to become locomotive superintendent in 1911.
In 1913, they were selected to succeed Harry Wainwright as CME of the South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SE&CR). When that line was merged in the 1923 grouping, with Urie of the London and South Western Railway retiring and with Billinton of the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway having less experience, they became chief mechanical engineer of the newly formed Southern Railway. They retired in 1937, Oliver Vaughan Snell Bulleid taking over from him.
They were appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1918 New Year Honours for their efforts during the First World War.
Locomotives
Maunsell's key skill was engineering management rather than locomotive design, and they made use of design teams to create easy-to-maintain locomotives that could operate the required services with effective performance. O.S. Nock in their book Irish Steam observed Maunsell was known to frequently stress the dictum "make everything get-at-able". They were responsible for several notable locomotive classes and related equipment.
From their second spell at the GS&WR they are jointly credited with their predecessor Robert Coey with the one-off express passenger engine 4-4-0 No. 341 Sir William Goulding.  They are also credited there with the design of the GS&WR Class 257 (J4) of eight locomotives which were generally thought of as quite successful. While these were an incremental development of a series of GS&WR 0-6-0 classes of and in particular their predecessor Coey's GS&WR Class 351 (J9) Maunsell's locomotives were the first on the GS&WR to use superheaters and piston valves. With Maunsell departing Inchicore in 1913 the final members of this class were completed under their successor Watson.
While at the SE&CR in 1917 the Maunsell team created two related prototype locomotives: one was a 2-6-0 ("mogul") tender freight locomotive, that was to become SE&CR Class N; the other was a 2-6-4T SE&CR Class K for express passenger work. These were followed by over 200 succeeding locomotives including classes K, K1, N, N1, U, U1 and W. Further locomotives for other railways came from kits of parts produced at Woolwich Arsenal; these consisted of six kits purchased by the Metropolitan Railway K Class and 26 kits purchased by Irish Railways classes 372 and 393 some of which were constructed at Inchicore, Maunsell's old establishment.
A major achievement was the introduction of the 4-6-0 SR Lord Nelson Class locomotives and also the 4-4-0 SR Class V or Schools Class, which were the ultimate and very successful development of the British 4-4-0 express passenger type. They also introduced pulverised fuel equipment and new types of valve gear.
Patents
GB191419269 (with George Victor Valen Hutchinson), published 26 November 1914, Improvements relating to steam superheaters
GB192985 (with James Clayton), published 15 February 1923, Improvements in or relating to condensers for lubricators of the condensation type
GB202523 (with James Clayton), published 23 August 1923, A double-feed lubricator
See also
Locomotives of the Southern Railway
Notes, references and sources
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Biographical notes
1868 births
1944 deaths
Locomotive builders and designers
Irish people in rail transport
South Eastern and Chatham Railway people
Southern Railway (UK) people
Irish railway mechanical engineers
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at The Royal School, Armagh
Irish expatriates in England
Camilo Ernesto Estévez Muiña (born February 14, 1970) is a Puerto Rican handball coach of the Puerto Rican national team.
They coached them at the 2015 World Women's Handball Championship.
References
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Handball coaches of international teams
1970 births
Jacob Jan Cremer (1 September 18375 June 1880), birth name Jacobus and also known as J. J. Cremer, was a Dutch novelist.
Life
Cremer was born in Arnhem and started life as a painter, but soon exchanged the brush for the pen, although they also continued to paint, and for much of their adult life they lived in The Hague. Their first novellas, Betuwsche Novellen and Overbetuwsche Novellen, were first published about 1855 and reprinted many times subsequently; they were also translated into German and French. These short stories of Dutch provincial life are written in the dialect of the Betuwe, the large flat Gelderland island, formed by the Rhine, the name recalling the presumed the earliest inhabitants, the Batavi.
In their later novels Cremer abandoned both the language and the love-stories of the Betuwe, depicting the Dutch life of other centres in the national tongue. The principal are: Anna Rooze (1867), Dokter Helmond en zijn Vrouw (1870), Hanna de Freule (1873), and Daniel Sils. Cremer was less successful as a playwright, and their two comedies, Peasant and Nobleman and Emma Bertholt, did not enhance their fame; nor did a volume of poems, published in 1873. They died in The Hague.
Their collected novels were published in Leiden. An English-language novel by Albert Dresden Vandam, based on Anna Rooze, was published in London (1877, 3 volumes) under the title of An Everyday Heroine.
Assessment
According to the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition, Cremer is strongest in their delineation of character. Their picturesque humour, coming out most forcibly in their numerous readings of the Betuwe novelettes, soon procured them the name of the "Dutch Fritz Reuter."
References
1837 births
1880 deaths
19th-century Dutch male writers
Writers from The Hague
Stars in the House is a daily live streamed web series created and hosted by Seth Rudetsky and their husband James Wesley to support The Actors Fund and its services. Created in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Stars in the House debuted in March 2020.
Stars in the House is a combination of music, community, and education (from CBS Chief Medical correspondent Dr. Jon LaPook). Originally airing twice daily (at Broadway showtimes, 2 PM and 8 PM), it now streams daily at 8 PM ET across multiple platforms, including YouTube. The show features musical performances by stars remotely from their home and conversations with Seth and James between each tune. Viewers can also donate to the charity and interact with guests in real time. Stars in the House raised over $50,000 in the first four days of airing and plans to stream daily until Broadway re-opens. They have raised a total of $1,074,395 as of September 12, 2021.
As of March 8, 2021, they have also raised $203,337 for other 501c3s including The Trevor Project, You Gotta Believe, NAACP Legal Defense Fund, Cats4CovidRelief, Broadway at CBST, Greater Orlando Performing Arts Relief, Cancer Support Community, New York Gay Men's Chorus, Youth Pride Chorus, Tonewall, Bullets to Books, and Waterkeeper Alliance.
Development
On March 12, 2020, New York Governor Andrew M. Cuomo and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio enacted new restrictions to try to stop the spread of the Coronavirus, which at the time had already infected nearly 100 people. One of the restrictions was banning most gatherings of more than 500 people, which included all Broadway theaters. Quickly after, states like California and Illinois enacted similar guidelines. With thousands of actors instantly out of work and stuck at home, Rudetsky and Wesley came up with the idea as a way to both raise spirits and help those suffering.
The first show aired on Monday, March 16, with Tony Award winner Kelli O'Hara.
Episodes
A complete list of archived episodes is available on The Actor's Fund's YouTube channel.
Segments
"Plays in the House"
Plays in the House are special episodes of Stars in the House, one-night only live readings of plays featuring the original performers. Plays in the House streams every Wednesday and Saturday at 2pm EST, Broadway's standard matinee time.
Television cast reunions
Film cast reunions
Musical cast reunions
Broadway Memorabilia Auction
In addition to direct donations made to The Actor's Fund, viewers can also contribute by bidding on memorabilia donated directly from the stars themselves. Items have included Tina Fey's old headshot, Betty Buckley's original wig from Cats, and a gown worn by Kristin Chenoweth.
External links
Stars in the House on IMDb
Stars in the House on YouTube
References
2020 web series debuts
Broadway theatre
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the performing arts
Cultural responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
Werbig station is a railway station in the east of the district Märkisch-Oderland of Brandenburg. In it, the Prussian Eastern Railway (Berlin - Kostrzyn nad Odrą) and the Eberswalde–Frankfurt (Oder) railway intersect. The plant is located in the city's Seelow district of Neulangsow; the eponymous district Werbig is located southwest of it. It is served by the lines and .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1880
1880 establishments in Prussia
Buildings and structures in Märkisch-Oderland
"Air War" is a single by Crystal Castles. It was released on 17 December 2007 by Trouble Records as a 7" vinyl. An earlier version of the song was released in July 2006 as the B-Side to "Alice Practice" on Merok Records. The lyrics are from the 1922 James Joyce novel Ulysses in Chapter 11: Sirens. The cover art gathered public interest because of the odd picture of Ethan Kath and Alice Glass with ice cream cones as heads.
An official video was released in November 2008 as advertisement of "Toshiba Product Technology: Time Sculpture". The one-minute-long video was directed by Mitch Stratten. The video shows an empty room which features people making repeated movements. The advertisement was released to promote Toshiba's high-definition television upscaling technology in the United Kingdom.
An original music video was not released. The video was made in 2006, but the producer threw out the video due to its cover art leaking onto the Internet. The video shows Kath and Glass walking in the street with ice cream cone heads and giving people melting ice cream. It ends with Ethan and Alice entering an interdimensional portal and turning into ice cream cones. The video features a demo version of the song "Air War".
Track listing
7": Trouble UK
CD: So Sweet UK
References
External links
Crystal Castles (band) songs
2008 singles
Songs written by Ethan Kath
2007 songs
Ulysses (novel)
Music based on novels
Scott Mutter (1944–2008) was an American photographer best known for the use of photomontage.
Early life
Mutter was born to Charles and Lucille Mutter near the Rainbow Beach neighborhood of South Side, Chicago. They moved with their parents to suburban Park Ridge, Illinois, where they graduated from Maine East High School in Park Ridge in 1961. Mutter received a B.A. in history from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1966 and a master's degree in Chinese studies in 1968. While at university they were part of the counter culture, or hippie culture. They protested against the Vietnam War at the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. They lived in Champaign into the early 1980s where they ran an antiques shop and showed classic and foreign movies in rented halls such as the McKinley Foundation or the Red Herring.
They had no formal art training.
Career
Most of Mutter's work was done with images of and around the Chicago area, with some of their earlier pieces incorporating scenes from Urbana-Champaign and the University of Illinois. Mutter was never comfortable with being considered a surrealist, and coined the term "Surrational Images" to describe their work.
Their first show was at the downtown Chicago bookstore Brentano's in the mid 1970s. They then published calendars and posters through several publishing houses, including Avalanche Publishing. Their best known work, Surrational Images, was published by the University of Illinois Press in 1992.
Some of their most famous works include a montage of fans using flashlights to illuminate Wrigley Field, which was then known for not having lights or night games; a photo of Michigan Avenue skyscrapers superimposed upon an image of the card catalogue at the University of Illinois Library; and a forest growing out of a parquet floor.
Mutter never transitioned to the cut-and-paste technique afforded by Photoshop and similar software but recreated every original print in the darkroom as they thought this was the only way that they were truly "originals". From the few existing originals of each piece they would select the one they considered the most appropriate for reproduction as posters.
Artistic philosophy
Sergei Eisenstein, a Russian filmmaker (1898–1948) and author of two books, The Film Sense and Film Form: Essays in Film Theory, greatly influenced Mutter's ideas about photographic "montage", a technique of combining and superimposing images into a single picture. Mutter believed "there are theoretical reasons why a montage works or is something. But you have to also understand and keep your mind open to the fact that what works, works. That's the bottom line." Their images were an attempt to represent something that is reality, not physical but rather a representation through metaphor.
Exhibitions
Their work has been exhibited at the San Francisco International Airport and at the opening of the Beam Performing Arts Center in Tokyo. Their photographs have appeared in magazines and newspapers including the Chicago Tribune, Herbert's, Japanese Avenue, and Print Magazine. Their photos have been critiqued and viewed in many public schools across the country.
Bibliography
"Surrational Images: Photomontages" () Foreword by Martin Krause
References
1944 births
2008 deaths
20th-century American photographers
Artists from Park Ridge, Illinois
The Rainbow Health Initiative (RHI) is a Minnesota-based organization working to improve the health of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) Minnesotans through "research, education, and advocacy." Founded in 2001 by physicians and health advocates, RHI has re-framed the discussion of LGBT health in Minnesota from HIV/AIDS to a broader definition of the health disparities affecting LGBT persons. On May 2, 2018, the Rainbow Health Initiative merged with the Minnesota Aids Project to form the newly created Just Us Health.
Research activities
RHI is involved in ongoing community-based participatory research to utilize community perceptions and experiences to develop programs that ultimately improve the health of LGBTQ Minnesotans. Since 2005, RHI has collected thousands of community health assessments on self-identified LGBTQ people. These data is then disseminated to the community to develop reports, organizational directions, and community education. Additional innovative exploratory research projects include determining causes for the significantly elevated pregnancy rates among LGBTQ youth, and developing physician-delivered smoking cessation interventions for people living with HIV/AIDS. Past data includes top health concerns, insurance status, whether an individual has disclosed their sexual orientation to their health care provider, and views on tobacco control. They also conducted focus groups in several communities (lesbian, bisexual, gay men, transgender, deaf, and greater Minnesota) to better understand why LGBT people smoke, what public health strategies are most effective at reaching the community, and to understand attitudes toward smoke-free policies. They published a report entitled, Creating an Effective Tobacco Plan for Minnesota's Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Communities.
See also
List of LGBT medical organizations
References
External links
LGBT health organizations in the United States
LGBT in Minnesota
LGBT political advocacy groups in Minnesota
Medical and health organizations based in Minnesota
2001 establishments in Minnesota
Alkaya is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Joseph Esherick may refer to:
Joseph Esherick (architect) (1914–1998), American architect
Joseph W. Esherick, professor of modern Chinese history at University of California, San Diego
See also
Esherick (disambiguation)
Collins "Mike" Hagler (born March 15, 1935) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Ottawa Rough Riders. They won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960. They played college football for the University of Iowa.
References
1935 births
Players of American football from Washington, D.C.
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Living people
Albert Langston Thomas (April 12, 1898 – February 15, 1966) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives for 29 years. From Houston, Texas, they were responsible for bringing the Johnson Space Center to Houston.
Early life
Thomas was born in Nacogdoches, Texas, on April 12, 1898, to James and Lonnie (née Langston) Thomas. They attended local schools, worked in their father's store, and served as a lieutenant in the United States Army during World War I before graduating from the Rice Institute and the University of Texas Law School. They married Lera Millard. Thomas was admitted to the bar in 1927, and they practiced law and served as Nacogdoches County Attorney before moving to Houston in 1930 to become Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas.
Congressional career
When long-time member of congress Joe H. Eagle did not seek reelection in 1936 so they could run for the United States Senate, Thomas sought and won the Democratic nomination, which was tantamount to election. In that primary, Thomas beat Houston mayor Oscar F. Holcombe in what was something of an upset. The Eighth District of Texas at that time comprised all of Harris County, which included the state's largest city, Houston.
In Congress, Thomas was a protégé of Texas Senator (later President) Lyndon B. Johnson but maintained a generally conservative voting record. In 1949, they became chairperson of the House subcommittee on independent office appropriations. They also served on the subcommittee on defense appropriations and on the joint committee on Texas House delegation. They were a typical Southern Democrat who through seniority rose to be the Chairman of the House Appropriations Committee's subcommittee on defense. In that capacity, they were able to steer projects to Texas including supporting Johnson's proposal to build the Corpus Christi Naval Air Station. Thomas also served on the Joint Committee on Atomic Energy and was instrumental in securing the location of the United States National Aeronautics & Space Administration's Manned Spacecraft Center (later named after Lyndon Johnson) in Houston in 1961. Since its inception, Johnson Space Center has served as mission control for every U.S. manned space flight including Apollo 11, the first lunar landing.
Thomas was a member of the Suite 8F Group, a group of influential business people that included their college roommate at Rice University, George R. Brown. Brown's company Brown and Root donated the land on which the Johnson Space Center would be located to Rice University. Then Vice President Lyndon Johnson was chairperson of the Space Council, and Thomas, a member of the NASA board, played leading roles in the eventual acceptance of Rice University's offer.
Along with the majority of the Texan delegation, Thomas declined to sign the 1956 Southern Manifesto opposing the desegregation of public schools ordered by the Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education. Thomas voted against the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960, but voted in favor of the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and did not vote on the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Appreciation dinner in 1963
In 1963, Thomas was seriously considering not running for a fifteenth term. Local Democrats organized an appreciation dinner on November 21, 1963, with over 3200 attendees to persuade them to run for another term. The most visible attendees were President John F. Kennedy and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson who both spoke of Thomas's leadership. Kennedy said, "Next month, when the United States of America fires the largest booster in the history of the world into space for the first time, giving us the lead, fires the largest, payroll -- payload -- into space, giving us the lead. " here the President paused a second and grinned. "It will be the largest payroll, too," they quipped. The crowd roared. "And who should know that better than Houston. We put a little of it right in here." The President then resumed in a more serious vein, "But in any case, the United States next month will have a leadership in space which it wouldn't have without Albert Thomas. And so will this city."
Thomas accompanied the Presidential party as it traveled to Dallas the next day, where President Kennedy was assassinated. They witnessed the swearing in of President Lyndon B. Johnson on Air Force One. The famous “wink photo” was taken shortly thereafter.
In 1964, Thomas was named Chairman of the House Democratic Caucus.
By the time of their death in Washington, D.C., on February 15, 1966, at the age of 67, Thomas ranked eleventh in seniority in the House. The voters of Harris County elected their wife Lera Thomas to complete their term. Lera Thomas was the first woman to represent Texas in the U.S. House of Representatives. In the fall of 1967, downtown Houston's Albert Thomas Convention and Exhibit Center (renovated in the late 1990s as the Bayou Place entertainment and dining complex) was built and named in their honor.  They are interred in Houston National Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1950–99)
Notes
References
Transcript, Mrs. Albert (Lera) Thomas Oral History Interview I, 10/11/69, by David G. McComb, Internet Copy, LBJ Library. Utexas.edu
Bryce, Robert, Cronies: Oil, the Bushes, and the Rise of Texas, America's Superstate (PublicAffairs, 2004).
External links
Guide to the Albert Thomas papers, 1937-1965 (Woodson Research Center, Fondren Library, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA)
1898 births
1966 deaths
People from Houston
People from Nacogdoches, Texas
Military personnel from Texas
Rice University alumni
University of Texas School of Law alumni
Burials at Houston National Cemetery
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Texas
United States Army personnel of World War I
20th-century American politicians
Albert Guðmundsson (born 30 April 1958) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder. They won seven caps for the Iceland national football team between 1977 and 1980. During their playing career, Albert had spells in Iceland, Canada and Sweden.
References
Albert Guðmundsson international appearances at ksi.is
1958 births
Living people
Albert Gudmundsson
Albert Gudmundsson
Association football midfielders
Ängelholms FF players
Albert Gudmundsson
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
Edmonton Drillers (1979–1982) players
Helsingborgs IF players
Mjällby AIF players
Landskrona BoIS players
IFK Malmö Fotboll players
Albert Gudmundsson
Albert Gudmundsson
Albert Gudmundsson
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Albert Gudmundsson
Albert Gudmundsson
Gallicchio is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
External links
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The 1999 Torneo Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo, Italy that was part of the Tier IV Series of the 1999 WTA Tour. It was the 12th edition of the Internazionali Femminili di Palermo and took place from 12 July until 18 July 1999. Qualifier Anastasia Myskina won the singles title.
Entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Maria Paola Zavagli
Flora Perfetti
The following players received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Flavia Pennetta / Adriana Serra Zanetti
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Miroslava Vavrinec
Anastasia Myskina
Alice Canepa
Giulia Casoni
The following players received entry to the singles main drawn as a lucky loser:
Samantha Reeves
Patty Van Acker
The following players received entry from the doubles qualifying draw:
Joannette Kruger / Li Fang
The following players received entry to the doubles main draw as a lucky loser:
Nina Nittinger / Magüi Serna
Finals
Singles
Anastasia Myskina defeated Ángeles Montolio, 3–6, 7–6(7–3), 6–2
It was Myskina's first WTA final and career title.
Doubles
Tina Križan / Katarina Srebotnik defeated Giulia Casoni / Maria Paola Zavagli, 4–6, 6–3, 6–0
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Tournament draws
Torneo Internazionali Femminili di Palermo
Torneo Internazionali Femminili di Palermo
Internazionali Femminili di Palermo
Torneo
Ted Nelson (Theodor Holm Nelson, born 1937) is an American sociologist, philosopher, and pioneer of information technology.
Ted Nelson or Teddy Nelson may also refer to:
Ted Nelson (coach) (born c. 1942), American track and field coach
Teddy Nelson (Terje Nielsen, 1939–1992), Norwegian country music artist
See also
Edward Nelson (disambiguation)
N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium chloride is the simplest representative of quaternary formamidinium cations of the general formula [R2N−CH=NR2]+ with a chloride as a counterion in which all hydrogen atoms of the protonated formamidine [HC(=NH2)NH2]+ are replaced by methyl groups.
Deprotonation results in the exceptionally basic bis(dimethylamino)carbene R2N−C̈−NR2.
Preparation
It is generated by protonation of (CH3)3COCH(N(CH3)2)2 (Bredereck's reagent).
(CH3)3COCH(N(CH3)2)2 + H+ → (CH3)3COH + [CH(N(CH3)2)2]+
N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium chloride is also obtained in high yield (95%) in the reaction of dimethylformamide (DMF) with dimethylcarbamoyl chlorideThe conversion of DMF with thionyl chloride in a ratio of 3:1 obtains the product in a is significantly lower yield (72%) which appears, however, more realistic in view of the tricky handling of the chloride salt.
Properties
N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium chloride is a light yellow, strongly hygroscopic solid.
For drying, the salt is dissolved in dichloromethane and the solution is treated with solid anhydrous sodium sulfate. After several dissolutions in dichloromethane and acetone, and precipitations with tetrahydrofuran, a colorless solid is obtained, which is stable under air and moisture sealing.
The presumption of a mesomeric equilibrium between ionic formamidinium chloride and covalent bis(dimethylamino)chloromethane structure:
could be decided by reaction with germanium dichloride or tin(II) chloride in favour of the presence of N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium chloride.
The hygroscopy of the chloride salt complicates the handling of the compound. Therefore, also syntheses of the much better processible salts N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium methylsulfate (from the dimethylformamide–dimethylsulfate complex) and of N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium p-toluenesulfonate (from dimethylformamide and p-toluenesulfonyl chloride) were investigated.
Applications
N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium chloride is useful as a reagent for aminomethylenation (that is, to introduce a =CH−NR1R2 function to CH-acidic compounds). For example, ethyl cyanoacetate reacts with the formamidinium salt in the presence of solid sodium hydroxide to give ethyl (dimethylaminomethylene)cyanoacetate in practically quantitative yields.
The aminomethylenation provides intermediates for the synthesis of heterocycles such as indoles, pyrimidines, pyridines and quinolones.
N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium chloride reacts with alkali metal dimethylamides (such as lithium dimethylamide or sodium dimethylamide) to tris(dimethylamino)methane in yields of 55% to 84%.
The reaction product is suited as a reagent for formylation and aminomethylenation.
From N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium chloride and sodium ethoxide in ethanol, dimethylformamide diethyl acetal is formed in 68% yield.
In aqueous sodium cyanide, N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium reacts to bis(dimethylamino)acetonitrile.
From N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium and anhydrous hydrogen cyanide, dimethylaminomalonic acid dinitrile is obtained in 92% yield.
N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium can be regaminated with cyclo-aliphatic amines to the corresponding heterocyclic formamidines.
N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium is a catalyst in the preparation of acyl chlorides from carboxylic acids and phosgene has been reported.
Strong bases (such as phenyllithium) can abstract a proton from the formamidinium cation of N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylformamidinium forming bis(dimethylamino)carbene.
See also
Bis(dimethylamino)methane
References
Amidines
Dimethylamino compounds
Komba Sylvester Mansa-Musa Mondeh (born 31 October 1966 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a former top-ranking officer in the Sierra Leonean army. Mondeh was one of six young soldiers in the Sierra Leonean Army that ousted president Joseph Saidu Momoh led All People's Congress (APC) government in on 29 April 1992. They served as the Chief of the Defence Staff of the NPRC administration from 1992 to 1996; and they also served as the Deputy Head of State of Sierra Leone in 1996, under Brigadier Julius Maada Bio of the NPRC.
They operated as the Sector Commander Sector West UNAMID Darfur (Sudan) until they were forced into retirement in June 2013.
Early life
Mondeh was born in the Njala University Community. They were educated at the Albert Academy School in Freetown. They then attended the Njala University College in Sierra Leone.
Military career
Mondeh was commissioned into the Sierra Leone Army in 1991 as a Second Lieutenant. During Sierra Leone's 10-year civil war, they helped plan and execute the recapture of Pendembu, Kailahun, Kono, Mile 38, Nomo Fayama and Sierra Rutile. They were then sent on a Senior Division Staff Course in Nigeria in July 1996, and was invited to attend the Nigerian War College the following year, where in addition to their military qualification, they earned a master's degree in Strategic Studies. Mondeh was also awarded the 'Best International Student'. They pursued a master's degree program in Strategic Studies at the University of Ibadan –Nigeria between September 1998 and July 1999.
At the rank of Colonel in May 1999, General Mondeh was appointed Defence Adviser to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, where they served for over four years. On their return from Nigeria in October 2003, they were appointed Commander of the 5 Infantry Brigade in Gondama, BO district, and was promoted to the role of Assistant Chief of Defence Staff for Personnel and Training at the Ministry of Defence in December 2005. Mondeh was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General in July 2007. Mondeh became Assistant Chief of Defence Staff for Operations and Plans in October 2008; in this role they supervised all land, sea and air operations carried out by the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces, including supervising military intelligence, communications and information systems, and peace support operations.
Commands held
Commander Bravo Company: Tiger battalion- Daru
Commander Alpha Company LEOBATT3 ECOMOG
Task Force Commander – RSLMF Operation Ranger Storm
Commander 5 Infantry Brigade
Chief of Staff - Sierra Leone Army
Commander Sector South UNAMID Nyala Darfur (Sudan)
Acting Force Commander UNAMID Nyala Darfur (Sudan)
Commander Sector West UNAMID El-Geneina Darfur (Sudan)
Staff appointments held
Intelligence officer LEOBATT3 ECOMOG
Director of Training and Operations – Ministry of Defence
Defence Adviser to Nigeria
Assistant Chief of Defence Staff for Personnel & Training – MoD
Assistant Chief of Defence Staff for Operations & Plans – MoD
State appointments
Secretary of State Marine Resources – Government Sierra Leone
Under Secretary of State Defence – Government of Sierra Leone
Wars
The Sierra Leone Rebel War
The Liberia Rebel War
Awards
Gallantry Medal
Best Foreign Student- National War College, Nigeria
Retirement
Mondeh was one of 21 high-ranking officers, including four Brigadier-Generals, controversially forced into retirement in June 2013. Mondeh was nine years under the compulsory retirement age, and their ousting was allegedly a result of their participation in the 1992 coup.
Styles and honours
Officer Cadet Komba Sylvester Mansa-Musa Mondeh (1991– through various other ranks- 1996)
Colonel Komba Sylvester Mansa-Musa Mondeh (1996–2007)
Brigadier General Sylvester Mansa-Musa Mondeh psc, fwc, MSc (2007– date)
Gallantry Medal – 27 April 1994 (Captain KSM Mondeh – Principal liaison Officer 1)
Best Foreign Student – National War College Course 6 (Colonel KSM Mondeh, psc, fwc)
Master of Science in Strategic Studies – University of Ibadan, Nigeria (Colonel KSM Mondeh, psc, fwc, MSc)
Brigade Commander, 2003–2005 (Colonel KSM Mondeh, psc, fwc, MSc)
Assistant Chief of Defence Staff for Personnel and Training 2005 – 2008(Colonel/Brig Gen KSM Mondeh, psc, fwc, MSc)
Assistant Chief of Defence Staff for Operations and Plans 2008–2010 (Brig Gen KSM Mondeh, psc, fwc, MSc)
Sector Commander South UNAMID Nyala Darfur (Sudan)2010 – 2011
Acting Force Commander UNAMID Nyala Darfur (Sudan)April – May 2011
Sector Commander West UNAMID El-Geneina Darfur (Sudan)11 August 2011 to Present.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20130928012312/http://www.focus-on-sierra-leone.co.uk/Vol2_1.htm
1966 births
Living people
Njala University alumni
Sierra Leonean military personnel
People from Freetown
RCA Nashville is an American country music record label based in Nashville, Tennessee. It is distributed by Sony Music Nashville which is part of Sony Music.
Current artists
Kane Brown
Andrew Jannakos
Miranda Lambert
Niko Moon (RCA/River House)
Pistol Annies
Rachel Wammack
Chris Young
Formerly on RCA Nashville
Alabama
Deborah Allen
Eddy Arnold
Chet Atkins
Baillie & the Boys
David Ball
Bobby Bare
Jeff Bates
Matraca Berg
Clint Black
Catherine Britt
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
Bush Hawg
Tracy Byrd
Helen Cornelius
Paul Craft
Gail Davies
Skeeter Davis
John Denver
Dean Dillon
Josh Dorr
Ty England
Sara Evans
Leon Everette
Family Brown
Ray Price (RCA/Dimension)
Bobby Tomberlin
Foster & Lloyd
Keith Gattis
Vince Gill
Danny Gokey
Andy Griggs
Gus Hardin
Mike Henderson
Becky Hobbs
Ryan Hurd (Moved To Arista Nashville)
Waylon Jennings
George Jones
Steve Dorff
The Judds
Kristen Kelly
Aaron Lines
Eddie London
Brice Long
Love and Theft
Lauren Lucas
Louise Mandrell
Jim Lauderdale
Martina McBride
Coley McCabe
Pake McEntire
Ronnie Milsap
Lorrie Morgan
Juice Newton
The Oak Ridge Boys
Jamie O'Hara
Old Dominion (Moved To Arista Nashville)
Robert Ellis Orrall
Jake Owen
The Osborn Sisters
K.T. Oslin
Paul Overstreet
Dolly Parton
John Pierce
Bobby Pinson
Charley Pride
Eddie Rabbitt
Eddy Raven
Jerry Reed
Jim Reeves
Restless Heart
Kenny Rogers
Seaforth (Moved To Arista Nashville)
Crystal Shawanda
Shenandoah
Dee Jay Silver
Connie Smith
Joanna Smith
Hank Snow
Jo-El Sonnier
Tate Stevens
Jimmy Buffett (RCA/Mailboat)
Tommy Shane Steiner
Larry Stewart
Sylvia
Nat Stuckey
3 of Hearts
Josh Thompson
The Thompson Brothers Band
Mel Tillis
Aaron Tippin
Steve Vaus
Porter Wagoner
Clay Walker
Steve Wariner
Dottie West
Lari White
Keith Whitley
Chuck Wicks
Wild Choir
Don Williams
Trisha Yearwood
See also
Sony Music Nashville
Arista Nashville
BNA Records
RCA Records
References
External links
Official RCA Records Nashville Website
Record labels based in Nashville, Tennessee
Sony Music
American country music record labels
C. T. Kurien (born c. 1932) is a professor of economics, now retired and resident in Bangalore, who has written many books on economics. Although left of center, they are far from being a Marxist.
C. T. Kurien attended Madras Christian College, graduating in 1953 with a master's degree in economics.
They went on to Stanford University, where they were awarded a PhD in 1962.
Returning to Madras Christian College, between 1962 and 1978 they were professor and head of the Department of Economics.
Kurien was a National Fellow of the University Grants Commission from 1975 to 77.
In 1978 they were appointed director of the Madras Institute of Development Studies, a national centre for social science research, holding this position for ten years.
They were a National Fellow of the Indian Council of Social Science Research from 1992 to 1994.
They were chairperson of the Madras Institute of Development Studies from 1997 to 2003, when they retired from academic work.
Kurien received the University Grants Commission's Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996.
They were appointed the first chairperson of the Malcolm and Elizabeth Adiseshiah Trust in 1999.
They were president of the Indian Economic Association in 2002.
In 2003 they delivered the Dr Stanley Samartha Memorial lecture to the Bangalore Initiative for Religious Dialogue, speaking on the topic: "Communal harmony – A societal perspective".
As of 2012 they were a member of the board of the Institute for Social and Economic Change (ISEC) in Karnataka.
Their most recent book "WEALTH AND ILLFARE — An Expedition into Real Life Economics" was published in 2012, when the author was 80.
It provides an accessible overview of economics, but questions the value of an economic system based on the pure pursuit of profit.
Bibliography
A selection of books published by C.T. Kurien
References
Living people
1930s births
20th-century Indian economists
Marshall Islands competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 18 June to 3 July.
Swimming
Swimmers from the Marshall Islands have achieved qualifying standards in the following events.
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
2022 in Marshallese sports
Marshall Islands at the World Aquatics Championships
This is a list of vehicles produced by Bugatti (under Ettore Bugatti), Bugatti Automobili S.p.A. and Bugatti Automobiles.
Automobiles Ettore Bugatti (1909-1963)
Production cars
1910 Type 13
1912–1914 Type 18
1913–1914 Type 23/Brescia Tourer (roadster)
1922–1934 Type 30/38/40/43/44/49 (touring car)
1927–1933 Type 41 "Royale"
1929–1939 Type 46/50/50T (touring car)
1932–1935 Type 55 (roadster)
1934–1940 Type 57/57S/Type 57SC (touring car)
1951–1956 Type 101 (coupe)
Race cars
1910–1914 Type 13/Type 15/17/22
1912 Type 16 "Bébé"
1922–1926 Type 29 "Cigare"
1923 Type 32 "Tank"
1924–1930 Type 35/35A/35B/35T/35C/37/39 "Grand Prix"
1927–1930 Type 52 (electric racer for children)
1936–1939 Type 57G "Tank"
1937–1939 Type 50B
1931–1936 Type 53
1931–1936 Type 51/51A/54GP/59
1955–1956 Type 251
Prototypes
1900–1901 Type 2
1903 Type 5
1908 Type 10 "Petit Pur Sang"
1925 Type 36
1929–1930 Type 45/47
Type 56 (electric car)
1939 Type 64 (coupe)
1939 Bugatti Model 100
1943/1947 Type 73C
1957–1962 Type 252 (2-seat sports convertible)
Bugatti Automobili S.p.A. (1987–1995)
1991–1995 Bugatti EB 110
1993 Bugatti EB112 (Concept)
Bugatti Automobiles S.A.S. (1998–present)
Production cars
2005–2015 Bugatti Veyron
2016–present Bugatti Chiron
2019–2021 Bugatti Divo
2020–present Bugatti Centodieci
2021–present Bugatti Bolide
2020-present.Bugatti Vision
Prototypes
1998 Bugatti EB 118
1999 Bugatti EB 218
1999 Bugatti 18/3 Chiron
2009 Bugatti 16C Galibier "Royale"
2013 Bugatti Gangloff
2015 Bugatti Vision Gran Turismo
2019 Bugatti La Voiture Noire
2020 Bugatti Bolide
References
Bugatti
Bugatti
Car models
Bugatti vehicles
Zhejiang Normal University (ZJNU) is a comprehensive public university in Jinhua city, Zhejiang province, China. Its main campus is next to the Shuanglong Cave national park and covers an area of more than 220 hectares with a total floor space of more than one million square meters.
History
The university was originally established as the Hangzhou Normal Academy in 1956. It became the Hangzhou Normal College in 1958. In 1962, Hangzhou Normal College and the Zhejiang Teaching College merged to become the Zhejiang Normal College. In 1965, the college relocated to Jinhua.
In 1980, the college was classified as a tertiary education. In 1985, the college became the Zheijiang Normal University. Since then, it has expanded its colleges, departments and undergraduate programmes.
In 2000, 2001, and 2004, three more higher education merged into ZJNU: Zhejiang Financial School, Zhejiang School of Preschool-Teacher Education and the Jinhua Railway Engineering School respectively.
Profile
As one of the key provincial universities, ZJNU specializes in teacher education with multiple branches of learning. The university consists of 18 colleges offering 61 undergraduate programs. It has an enrolment over 25,480 undergraduates, 4,300 postgraduates, and 15,000 adult students in adult education programs. Among the total staff of 2,640, there are 1,460 full-time instructors, including a Chinese Academy of Sciences Academician, 260 full professors and 650 associate professors. One professor was awarded the title of National Outstanding Scholar.
The university is named by the Ministry of Education as a Key National Training Base for Teachers of Vocational Education. In addition, it is designated by the Ministry of Railways as a base for the training of locomotive engineers. Moreover, Zhejiang Training Center for University and College Teachers is affiliated to the university for various in-service training programs.
At present, the university claims 24 provincial key disciplines, 6 provincial key construction disciplines, 3 provincial research bases and 63 masters degree programs. ZJNU offers other professional master's programs including M.Ed., MPA, MBA, MSW, MTCSOL, MA for Part-Time Vocational Education and MA of Science in Physical Education. The libraries at ZJNU have a collection of more than 3,000,000 traditional books and over 1,850,000 online books. 42 laboratories have been established, with a total floor space of 119,000 square meters, including one key laboratory of the Ministry of Education, one national key demonstration center of experiment instruction and 5 provincial key laboratories and key demonstration centers of experiment instruction.
The university makes strenuous efforts to open up to the outside world. In recent years, ties of academic exchange and cooperation have been set up between ZJNU and 92 foreign universities and research institutes in 42 countries. In 1996, ZJNU set up a Center for Chinese Language and Culture in Cameroon. In 1997, the university was authorized to accept short- and long-term international students.
Approved by the Ministry of Education, ZJNU established a Base for Education Assistance and Development in 2004 to undertake human resources development projects for senior education administrators from other continents. In addition, it has been authorized to run a center for overseas studies to assist self-funded students to study in foreign countries. In 2007, the university was authorized to accept international students supported by the Chinese Government Scholarship and established Confucius Institutes in Cameroon and Ukraine.
Following the motto of "wisdom with virtue, integrity with innovation", ZJNU is striding forward to build itself into a high-level comprehensive teaching and research university with its own characteristics.
College and schools
Zhejiang Normal University has 18 colleges and schools that offers 61 study programs.
Chuyang Honors College
Institute of African Studies
College of Economics and Management
College of Law and Political Science
Hangzhou College of Preschool Teacher Education
College of Physical Education and Health Sciences
College of Humanities
College of Foreign Languages
College of Geography and Environmental Sciences
College of Engineering
College of Music
College of International Culture and Education
College of Chemistry and Life Sciences
College of Teacher Education
College of Fine Arts
College of Mathematics Physics and Information Technology
College of Communication and Creative Culture
Xingzhi College
College of Vocational and Technical Education
Office of Postgraduate Teaching and Student Affairs
The university has a college in Hangzhou: Hangzhou Junior Teachers College.
Research centers
Research Center for Light-emitting Diodes
References
External links
Zhejiang Normal University website
Teachers colleges in China
Universities and colleges in Zhejiang
Educational institutions established in 1956
1956 establishments in China
Justice Gibson may refer to:
Ernest W. Gibson III (1927–2020), associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Fred L. Gibson (1874–1956), associate justice of the Montana Supreme Court
James Gibson (judge) (1902–1992), presiding justice of the New York Supreme Court (4th District), and a judge of the New York Court of Appeals
John Bannister Gibson (1780–1853), chief justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court
Phil S. Gibson (1888–1984), chief justice of the Supreme Court of California
Rankin Gibson (1916-2001), associate justice of the Ohio Supreme Court
One Sings, the Other Doesn't () is a 1977 French film written and directed by Agnès Varda that focuses on the lives of two women over 14 years against the backdrop of the Women's Movement in the 1970s France.
Plot
In 1962 Paris, Pauline, a 17-year-old schoolgirl studying for their baccalaureate, wanders into a gallery because they recognize their old friend Suzanne in one of the photographs displayed. Pauline learns the photographer, Jerôme, is Suzanne's partner, though they are not married. Pauline reconnects with the 22-year-old Suzanne, who has two children with Jerôme and is expecting a third. When Suzanne tells Pauline they cannot afford to have a third child, Pauline helps secure the money for an illegal abortion for Suzanne. To get the money, Pauline lies to their parents about a school trip; when they find out what the money was used for, they leaf home, drops out of school, and begins working as a singer. Jerôme commits suicide and Suzanne moves back to their parents' farm, where they are looked down on for having illegitimate children.
Ten years pass before the two women are reunited at a 1972 demonstration in Bobigny for abortion rights. Pauline, now known as "Pomme" ("Apple"), sings in a feminist folk group and lives with their partner Darius, a grad student they met in Amsterdam when they were themselves getting an abortion. Suzanne has managed to leave their parents' farm by teaching themselves typing, and has opened a family planning clinic in Hyères. Although the two women have to part ways once more, they keep in touch by sending each other postcards. Pauline later moves to Darius's native Iran, where they marry and Pauline becomes pregnant. When their relationship becomes strained, Pomme leaves Darius and returns to France, where they have the baby at Suzanne's clinic. They let Darius return to Iran with their infant son on the condition that they impregnate them again. A pregnant Pomme is able to go back on the road as a singer. Suzanne, after an unfulfilling relationship with a sailor, marries a local doctor. In a brief epilogue, Pomme and Suzanne, their families, and their friends have a reunion by the sea.
Cast
Valérie Mairesse as Pomme (Pauline)
Thérèse Liotard as Suzanne
Robert Dadiès as Jérôme
Ali Rafie as Darius
Jean-Pierre Pellegrin as Docteur Pierre Aubanel
Production
Production for the film took place in 1976. As Pomme and Suzanne exchange letters and postcards, their words are read by the actores in voice-over. Varda also narrates, mediating the two women's stories. The protest where Pomme and Suzanne reconnect was a recreation of a real demonstration in France at the trial of a woman who had had an abortion after being raped. For the demonstration scene, Varda hadnonactors playing demonstrators and the legendary human-rights lawyer Gisèle Halimi (who was the [case's] defense attorney) at one point breaking through a police line to take some demonstrators into the courthouse. In the crowd, women carry banners in support of “the 343,” the prominent women—including Varda—who had signed a manifesto testifying that they had had illegal abortions, which was printed in 1971 in the influential left-of-center weekly Le nouvel observateur.Though not considered a musical, One Sings, the Other Doesn't contain a few theatrical set pieces and musical numbers, which Varda wrote the lyrics for. In the film's last scene, Suzanne's teenage daughter is played by Varda's daughter, Rosalie Varda-Demy.
Critical reception
Based on 18 reviews, the film holds a rating of 83% on review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes.
Roger Ebert awarded the film four out of four stars, praising its simplicity, its portrayal of the leading female characters' friendship and Varda's direction:
Varda's title is a perfect one (and even more melodic in French: “L'une chante, l'autre pas”). Here we have them, they say: Two women, friends, and one sings and the other doesn't, but they'll remain friends and sisters for all of their lives. The movie's final passages are among the best. Pomme comes with their child and friends to spend some time on the farm, and so several generations are brought together as the two friends approach the middles of their lives. There's a picnic, and kids playing, and wine, and singing (but of too many songs), and what Varda's doing, in a sneaky way, is making their case for feminism in a lyric voice instead of a preachy one.
Justin Chang of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "To describe Varda's picture as an ardent tribute to the never-not-timely subjects of women's liberation and solidarity is to risk making it sound awfully schematic. But if One Sings, the Other Doesn't is something of a thesis movie, that thesis takes shape gently, with equal parts documentary grit and dreamlike evanescence."
References
External links
One Sings, the Other Doesn't: Bodies and Selves an essay by Amy Taubin at the Criterion Collection
1977 films
French feminist films
1970s feminist films
1970s historical films
1970s high school films
Films about friendship
Films about abortion
Second-wave feminism
Films set in the 1960s
Films set in the 1970s
Films set in Iran
Films set in France
1970s French-language films
1970s female buddy films
1970s French films
Ésimésac is a Canadian fantasy drama film, directed by Luc Picard and released in 2012. Although an unofficial sequel to the 2008 film Babine, unlike the earlier film Ésimésac was not directly based on Fred Pellerin's previously published stories; instead, the film's screenplay placed some of Pellerin's established characters in a new original story.
The film stars Nicola-Frank Vachon as Ésimésac Gélinas, a young but physically strong man whose distinguishing trait is that they do not cast a shadow. They convince the village of Saint-Élie-de-Caxton to plant and maintain a community garden after an economic crisis has left many of the townspeople hungry, but finds themselves in conflict with village blacksmith Riopel's (Gildor Roy) plan to focus on building tracks for a railroad.
The film's cast also includes Picard as Toussaint Brodeur, Sophie Nélisse as Marie Gélinas, Marie-Chantal Perron as Jeannette Brodeur, Marie Brassard as Madame Gélinas, Maude Laurendeau as Lurette Riopelle, René Richard Cyr as Méo Bellemare, Alain Sauvage as Le Curé Flambant, Isabel Richer as the Witch, and Denis Trudel as Hubert.
The film received five Prix Jutra nominations at the 13th Jutra Awards in 2013, for Best Supporting Actor (Roy), Best Makeup (Kathryn Casault), Best Costume Design (Carmen Alie), Best Score (Michel Corriveau) and Best Hairstyling (Denis Parent). Alie won the award for costume design.
References
External links
2012 films
Canadian drama films
Films directed by Luc Picard
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Khalid Fouhami (; born 25 December 1972) is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career
Fouhami was born in Casablanca. During their extensive career, they played for Wydad AC, IR Tanger, Maghreb Fez and FUS Rabat in Morocco, Dinamo București in Romania, Beveren, Standard Liège and Visétois in Belgium, Académica Coimbra and Portimonense in Portugal and Alania Vladikavkaz in Russia.
A Moroccan international for nine years, they represented their nation at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Africa Cup of Nations.
Honours
Club
Wydad AC
Botola: 1992–93
Maghreb Fez
Botola 2: 1996–97
Dinamo București
Divizia A: 1999–2000
Cupa României: 1999–2000
FUS Rabat
Botola 2: 2008–09
Coupe du Trône: 2010
Country
Morocco
Africa Cup of Nations: runner-up 2004
Notes
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Moroccan footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Botola players
Wydad AC players
Ittihad Tanger players
Maghreb de Fès players
Raja CA players
Fath Union Sport players
Liga I players
FC Dinamo București players
Belgian First Division A players
K.S.K. Beveren players
Standard Liège players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
Portimonense S.C. players
Russian Premier League players
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz players
Morocco international footballers
2000 African Cup of Nations players
2004 African Cup of Nations players
2008 Africa Cup of Nations players
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Competitors at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Morocco
"Delta Dawn" is a song written by musician Larry Collins and country and western songwriter Alex Harvey. The first notable recording of the song was in 1971 by American singer and actor Bette Midler for their debut album. However it is best known as a 1972 top ten country hit for Tanya Tucker and a 1973 US number one hit for Helen Reddy. Though the song is attributed to Collins and Harvey, the melody of the chorus is very similar to the Christian hymn Amazing Grace.
Content
The title character is a faded former Southern belle from Brownsville, Tennessee, who, at 41, is obsessed to unreason with the long-ago memory of a suitor who jilted them The lyrics describe how the woman regularly "walks downtown with a suitcase in their hand / looking for a mysterious dark haired man" who they say will be taking them "to their mansion in the sky."
Reddy's recording in particular includes choir-like inspirational overtones.
The song's writing
Alex Harvey said they wrote the song about their mother:
Ten years before Harvey wrote the song, they were performing on TV and told their mother not to come, lest they get drunk and embarrass him. That night they died in a car crash, and Harvey believed it was suicide caused by their rejection.
Harvey suffered from guilt over the incident, for years, until a cathartic incident the night they wrote the song. They were at fellow songwriter Larry Collins' house, who was asleep while Harvey noodled around on their guitar. They believed their mother then came to them in a vision:
After writing the first few lines of the song, Alex woke Collins and they finished it together.
Recording history
The first recording of "Delta Dawn" was made by Harvey for their eponymous album released in November 1971. Harvey had performed as the opening act for Helen Reddy at the Troubadour, in January 1972, but at that time Reddy (who also was signed with the Capitol Records label) made no connection with any of Harvey's compositions.
Dianne Davidson sang backup for Harvey's recording. They were the first singer after Harvey to record the song and chart in 1971–1972.
Tracy Nelson also sang backup on Harvey's recording, and performed "Delta Dawn" in their live act.
Bette Midler
After hearing Tracy Nelson sing "Delta Dawn" at the Bottom Line in New York City, Bette Midler added the song to their repertoire.
During the time Tanya Tucker's and Helen Reddy's recordings of the song were being produced (see below), Bette Midler recorded "Delta Dawn" for their The Divine Miss M debut album, for which their bluesy version was planned as the lead single. Reddy's single was released June 1973, two days after Midler's. The preemption required a marketing change for Midler, so the original B-side "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy" was shopped to radio, itself becoming a top ten hit.
Tanya Tucker
Before Bette Midler's recording, Nashville-based producer Billy Sherrill heard them sing "Delta Dawn" on The Tonight Show and wanted to sign Midler to Epic Records and have their record it. Upon finding that Midler was already signed to Atlantic Records, Sherrill cut the song with Tanya Tucker, who was newly signed to Epic, and Tucker's version was released in April 1972; it reached number six Country that spring.
While Harvey's original version started with the first verse, Sherrill suggested starting with the chorus instead, done a cappella – a term unknown to 13-year-old Tucker. This distinction became a signature of their version.
Helen Reddy
Record producer Tom Catalano created an instrumental track of "Delta Dawn." Catalano first offered the vocal track to Barbra Streisand, but they refused; after this they gave the vocal to Reddy.
Reddy's version, which added upward modulation to Tucker's cold intro and nonstop vocals throughout, entered the top ten on 18 August 1973, on its way to its lone week at number one on the main Billboard Hot 100 chart, on 15 September 1973. "Delta Dawn" was also the first of Reddy's six consecutive — and eight overall — number one hits on the Billboard Easy Listening chart.
Reddy had reached number two with both "I Don't Know How to Love Him" and "I Am Woman" in their native Australia; "Delta Dawn" became their first number one hit there, spending five weeks at the top of the Kent Music Report in August and September 1973. "Delta Dawn" also marked Reddy's only chart appearance in South Africa, reaching number 13 in the autumn of 1973.
Other recordings
Waylon Jennings on their 1972 album, Ladies Love Outlaws
Loretta Lynn on their 1972 album, Here I Am Again
Other 1972 covers included those by Kitty Wells, Jody Miller, Bob Luman, and Nat Stuckey.
The Statler Brothers on their 1973 Mercury album, The Statler Brothers Sing Country Symphonies in E Major
Nola Francis released a version of the song in 1973. It peaked at number 98 in Australia.
Other 1973 covers included those by Sonny James, Dottie West, Teresa Brewer, and Ray Conniff.
Scott Walker in 1974
Dash Rip Rock on their 1991 live album Boiled Alive.
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes on their album, Ruin Jonny's Bar Mitzvah
Debbie Rule on their 2015 album, Texas Girls
Hellbound Glory on their 2017 album, Pinball, although the location in the song was changed to the Sacramento River Delta.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Tanya Tucker version
Helen Reddy version
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Certifications
Use in popular media
On Friends, Monica Geller sang it at a piano bar where Mike Hannigan worked.
Stone Cold Steve Austin gave the first verse their take on an episode of WWE Raw – notable for their failure to hit the high notes.
Sonny and Cher performed it on their The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour on CBS.
Appeared in the movie Big Fan, starring Patton Oswalt.
Notes
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1973 (U.S.)
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 1973 (U.S.)
References
External links
1971 songs
1972 debut singles
1973 singles
Waylon Jennings songs
Tanya Tucker songs
Helen Reddy songs
Scott Walker (singer) songs
Number-one singles in Australia
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Columbia Records singles
Capitol Records singles
Song recordings produced by Billy Sherrill
Heterophile antigens are antigens of similar nature, if not identical, that are present in different tissues in different biological species, classes, or kingdoms. Usually different species have different antigen sets, but the hetereophile antigen is shared by different species. Other heterophile antigens are responsible for some diagnostic serological tests such as:
Weil-Felix reaction for typhus fever
Paul Bunnell test for infectious mononucleosis
Cold agglutinin test in primary atypical pneumonia
Chemically, heterophile antigens are composed of lipoprotein-polysaccharide complexes. There is a possibility of there being identical chemical groupings in the structure of mucopolysaccharids and lipids.
Example: Forssman antigen, cross-reacting microbial antigen
so antibodies to these antigens produced by one species cross-react with antigens of other species. It is widely present in some plants bacteria animal and birds. However it is not present in rabbit. Therefore antibodies are produced in rabbit serum by injecting the antigen (antiforssman antibodies).
References
Antibodies
Immunology
Antigens
"I Don't Give a Fuck" is a protest song by American rapper 2Pac and the fourth track of their debut studio album 2Pacalypse Now (1991). The song, which features rapper Pogo, deals overtly with police brutality and racism. In the song, they narrate how the black community in the United States face harassment by racists, including police.
Overview
In the intro, Tupac receives phone calls from one of their friends about the police beating them for no apparent reason and various crimes that are directed at them, after which they start to rap. The theme of the song is strongly anti-racist and anti-police, and the lyrics tell about racism, such as store owners following them in the store, and crime in the ghetto.
This was one of the songs that a youth in Texas blamed for their shooting of a state trooper, as in the outro of the song, Tupac questions the authority for not dealing with these issues and they curse out the CIA, the FBI, and then president George H. W. Bush in the spoken-word outro of "I Don't Give a Fuck".
They say:
Fuck you to the San Francisco Police Department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff Department [sic]
Fuck you to the FBI
Fuck you to the CIA
Fuck you to the B-u-s-h
Fuck you to the Ameri KKK a
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice motherfuckers
Media appearances
Tupac mentioned the phrase used for this song later as a major turning-point line in their big screen debut Juice (1992) while in an verbal altercation with "Q" (Omar Epps) in their school hallway.
The song was later sampled by American rapper Eminem in their song, "Just Don't Give a Fuck".
The song appeared in the 2004 video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas in the radio station Radio Los Santos, though it was later removed in 2014 due to expired copyright licensing.
References
1991 songs
Tupac Shakur songs
Criticism of police brutality
Songs about police brutality
Songs about police officers
Songs against racism and xenophobia
Songs written by Tupac Shakur
Saint Augustine's College, known locally as "Saints", is a Catholic boys' high school in Parramatta Park, Cairns, Queensland, Australia. Saint houses boarders both from its own students and girls from Saint Monica's High School, also in Cairns.
History
In 1930 the Marist Brothers established the school for boys. Initially there were three Marist brothers and 96 students.
During World War II, air raids on Australian towns by Japan and the fear of an invasion by the Japanese led to evacuations from northern Australian towns. In March 1942, the boarders (being most of the students) were evacuated to the guest house at Lake Barrine.
Boarding school
Saint Augustine's offers a co-ed boarding catering for students from grades 7 to 12. The boarding community includes many students from the Far North Queensland region, along with many country students from outback Queensland and the Northern Territory. A significant number of students also board from as far away as Papua New Guinea, Gove and other islands off the coast of Australia.
Sport
The college is a member of the Cairns Interschool Senior Sport Association (CISSA) which sees a number of local schools compete in a number of different sports each Wednesday. CISSA runs during the first semester of the school year. Saint Augustine's has also been very successful in holding the Overall Boys' TCN Swimming Champion trophy for 40 years.
Rugby union
The school won all competitions in the 2014 Cairns Schoolboys Rugby Union competition.
Hockey
The college competed in the Melbourne Grammar School Hockey Tournament in 2022 winning the title undefeated. Team captain Cade Coghlan received player of the tournament in addition to being the top goal scorer.
School houses
Saint Augustine's has four houses. They are as follows:
Heavey (yellow)
Phealan (green)
Walter (red)
Reginald (blue)
These houses compete against each other in many activities, including annual athletics and swimming carnivals, public speaking, and a competition on Champagnat Day. These events build up to a House Cup which is awarded at the end of each year.
Former houses include:
Ambrose (black)
Gildas (white)
School facilities
Performing arts hall (McLaughin Theatre)
Multi-purpose hall (Lennon Hall)
Swimming pool
Gym
Basketball courts
Cricket nets
INTAD centre
Music rooms
Seminar rooms
Computer rooms
Science Labs
Tennis courts
Chapel
Home Economics rooms
Media & technology
Kitchen
Boarding facilities
Medical centre
Library
Marist Brothers residence
Marist sexual misconduct
Brother Ross Francis Murrin, who taught at the school between 1979 and 1981, is under police investigation in relation to a charge of sexual misconduct while they were working at St Augustine's College according to a February 2009 Cairns Post report. Murrin is currently serving a jail sentence for sex crimes committed whilst at other schools.
Brother Geoffery Sydney Veness, a one time principal of the college, pleaded guilty to offences against a male pupil at the school and was convicted and given a one-year suspended jail sentence in 2001.[4] The suspended sentence proved quite controversial with the trial judge coming under regular scrutiny for allegedly being lenient in the sentencing of sex offenders including Veness.
Brother Gregory James Carter pleaded guilty on 17 December 1997 to 15 counts of indecent treatment of a 15-year-old student who was a boarder in Year 10 at the college.
AMSA
The college hosted the Australian Marist Schools Association Basketball Carnival in April 2008.
The college takes part in the annual AMSA Marist Cricket Carnival, and hosted the carnival in 2016.
Notable alumni
Brad Beventriathlete
Jack BowesAustralian rules football player for the Gold Coast Suns
Frank Farinasoccer player for the Socceroos
Jacob HeronAustralian rules football player for the Gold Coast Suns
Nathan Jawaibasketball player with the Cairns Taipans, Toronto Raptors, Minnesota Timberwolves, FC Barcelona Bàsquet, Perth Wildcats, and Levallois Metropolitans
Rod Jensenrugby league player for the Adelaide Rams, Canberra Raiders, North Queensland Cowboys, and Huddersfield Giants
Jimmy Mahercricket player for Australia
Sam MichaelAustralian rules football player for the Brisbane Lions and Essendon Bombers
Nate Mylesrugby league player for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, Sydney Roosters, Gold Coast Titans, Manly Sea Eagles, and Melbourne Storm
Frank Reysjockey; 1973 Melbourne Cup winner
James Segeyarorugby league player for North Queensland Cowboys, Penrith Panthers, Leeds Rhinos, and Cronulla Sharks
Karl Stefanovictelevision personality
Peter YagmoorAustralian rules football player for the Collingwood Magpies
See also
Catholic Education Cairns
List of boarding schools
List of schools in Far North Queensland
References
External links
St Augustine's College website
Boys' schools in Queensland
Boarding schools in Queensland
Schools in Cairns
Educational institutions established in 1930
Association of Marist Schools of Australia
Catholic secondary schools in Queensland
1930 establishments in Australia
Navasota chionophlebia is a species of snout moth in the genus Navasota. It was described by George Hampson in 1918 and is known from Nigeria (including Minna, the type location).
References
Moths described in 1918
Anerastiini
WPGT may refer to:
WPGT (FM), a radio station (90.1 FM) licensed to serve Lake City, Florida, United States
WVRP, a radio station (91.1 FM) licensed to serve Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, United States, which held the call sign WPGT from 1999 to 2010
Adam Khan is a British sportsman.
Adam Khan may also refer to:
Adam Khan (Constitutional Loya Jirga) a delegate to Afghanistan's Constitutional Loya Jirga
Adam Khan and Durkhanai
See also
De Adam Khan, Afghanistan
Adham Khan, general
The 2013 season was the Kansas City Chiefs' 44th in the National Football League (NFL), their 54th overall and their first under the head coach/general manager tandem of Andy Reid and John Dorsey. After their 26–16 win over the Philadelphia Eagles in Week 3, which was also coach Andy Reid's first visit to Philadelphia since the Eagles fired them the season prior, the Chiefs vastly improved on their 2–14 record from 2012 just three weeks into the season. After defeating the New York Giants 31–7 in Week 4, the Chiefs became the first team in NFL history to win two or fewer games in the previous season, and win the first four games the next. On October 13, 2013 against the Oakland Raiders, Chiefs fans broke the Guinness World Record for loudest crowd roar at an outdoor stadium with 137.5 decibels. Seattle Seahawks fans later reclaimed the record on December 2, 2013, with a roar of 137.6 decibels. After the Indianapolis Colts defeated the Denver Broncos in Week 7, the Chiefs were the final undefeated team in the NFL. They were the first team in NFL history to earn the number one draft pick and be the last undefeated team in consecutive years.
The Chiefs clinched a playoff berth. They would lose to the Indianapolis Colts in the Wild Card round of the playoffs 44–45, after blowing a 38–10 second half lead. The loss extended an 8-game playoff losing streak dating back to the 1993 season, which stood as the longest in NFL history until it was broken by the Detroit Lions in 2016.
Roster changes
Trades
Cuts
Free agency
Draft
Undrafted free agents
Preseason cuts
*Tony Moeaki was originally released but was subsequently placed on injured reserve
Inseason Transactions
Cuts
Signings
Players with multiple transactions
This is a list of players who played for the Chiefs at some point during the season who were involved in more than one transaction during the season.
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Postseason
Game summaries
Regular season
Week 1: at Jacksonville Jaguars
The Chiefs started their 2013 season on the road against the Jaguars. The Jags scored a safety when J. T. Thomas blocked a punt in the end zone, giving them a 2–0 lead. The Chiefs took the lead when Alex Smith found Donnie Avery on a 5-yard touchdown pass, making the score 7–2. This was followed up by Smith finding Junior Hemingway on a 3-yard pass, extending the Chiefs' lead to 14–2. In the second quarter, the Chiefs continued to dominate as Jamaal Charles ran for a 2-yard touchdown, giving the team a 21–2 halftime lead.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Chiefs scored the only points of the second half in the fourth quarter when Tamba Hali returned an interception 10 yards for a touchdown.
The Chiefs beat the Jacksonville Jaguars 28–2, the first time in NFL history a game ended with that score. It was also the second time in 20 years a team scored only two points during a regular season game, as well as being the most recent one as of 2021. The Jaguars crossed the 50-yard line once during the game but failed to score.
With the win, the Chiefs started 1–0.
Week 2: vs. Dallas Cowboys
The Chiefs made their regular season debut at home against the Cowboys. They scored first as Jamaal Charles caught a 2-yard touchdown pass from Alex Smith for a 7–0 lead. The Cowboys got on the scoreboard when Dan Bailey kicked a 51-yard field goal to make the score 7–3, followed by Tony Romo and Dez Bryant hooking up on a 2-yard pass to give the Cowboys a 10–7 lead. With the 2nd quarter being scoreless, the Cowboys held on to their lead through halftime.
In the 3rd quarter, Bailey nailed a 30-yard field goal to increase the Cowboys' lead to 13–7. However, the Chiefs retook the lead when Smith found Dwayne Bowe on a 12-yard pass, making the score 14–13. In the 4th quarter, the Chiefs increased their lead to 17–13 when Ryan Succop nailed a 40-yard field goal. The Cowboys tried to rally late, but came up a point short when the only score they could muster was a 53-yard field goal by Bailey. The Chiefs won the game 17–16, earning their first 2–0 start since 2010.
Week 3: at Philadelphia Eagles
After a close call win at home, the Chiefs traveled to Philadelphia to take on the Eagles in a TNF duel. The Chiefs started their scoring when Ryan Succop kicked a 33-yard field goal for a 3-0 lead. This was followed by Eric Berry returning an interception 38 yards for a touchdown for a 10-0 lead. The Eagles managed to get on the board later on in the quarter when Michael Vick found Jason Avant on a 22-yard touchdown pass (with a failed PAT) making the score 10-6. The Chiefs continued to dominate as Succop kicked 2 field goals increasing their teams lead from 7 to eventually 10 points with field goals from 31 and 34 yards out 13-6 and 16-6 at halftime. In the 3rd quarter, the Eagles managed to rally coming within 7 points as Alex Henery kicked a 29-yard field goal for the only score of the quarter. The Chiefs pulled away as Jamaal Charles ran for a 3-yard touchdown for a 23-9 lead. The Eagles then fired back as LeSean McCoy ran for a touchdown from 41-yards out once again coming within 7 23-16. With Succop's 38-yard field goal, the Chiefs were able to seal the game with a final score of 26-16 sending them to a 3-0 start, their first such start since 2010. This was also head coach Andy Reid's first visit to Philadelphia since they were fired by the organization a season earlier. Reid served as the Eagles head coach from 1999-2012.
Week 4: vs. New York Giants
After a win over the Eagles, the Chiefs returned home for a game against the Giants. After a scoreless first quarter, they got on the board as Alex Smith found Sean McGrath on a 5-yard pass for a 7–0 lead. The Giants managed to tie the game up as Eli Manning found Victor Cruz on a 69-yard pass making the score 7–7. Ryan Succop then kicked a 51-yard field goal to send the Chiefs to a 10–7 halftime lead.
In the second half, the Chiefs dominated as Dexter McCluster ran a punt back 89 yards for a touchdown increasing their lead to 17–7 for the only score of the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, Alex Smith threw two more touchdown passes to Jamaal Charles and Dwayne Bowe from 2 and 34 yards out that eventually sealed the game for them, moving them up 24–7 before the final score sat at 31–7.
The win sent the Chiefs to their first 4–0 start since 2003.
Week 5: at Tennessee Titans
Kansas City jumped to 13–0 lead but by end of the third quarter, the Chiefs were trailing 17–13. But the Chiefs answered by scoring 13 unanswered points in the 4th quarter and won the game 26–17.
With the win, the team improved to 5-0, their first such start since 2003.
Week 6: vs. Oakland Raiders
The Chiefs improved to 6–0 after defeating the Oakland Raiders 24–7, and snapped a six-game home losing streak to the Oakland Raiders dating back to the 2007 season. It was at this game that Arrowhead Stadium fans set a new Guinness World Record for loudest outdoor stadium in any sport.
It also featured the largest flyover with 42 planes.
Week 7: vs. Houston Texans
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 7–0, the first time they had begun a season with such a record since 2003. With the Broncos' loss to the Colts, they became the league's only undefeated team while they also became leader of the AFC West.
Week 8: vs. Cleveland Browns
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 8-0 for the first time since 2003.
Week 9: at Buffalo Bills
With the win, the Chiefs went 9-0 heading into their bye week. It also gave them their first winning season since 2010 and first 9-0 start since 2003.
Week 11: at Denver Broncos
Against the Broncos in a battle of the 9-0 Chiefs and 8-1 Broncos, Denver wound up beating the Chiefs 27-17, handing the Chiefs their first loss. With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 9-1.
Week 12: vs. San Diego Chargers
San Diego triumphed in the highest-scoring matchup with Kansas City since a 42-41 loss in 1986. The game lead changed eight times as Alex Smith threw for 294 yards and three touchdowns, but Rivers (392 yards) won it in the final seconds on a 26-yard score to Seyi Ajirotutu. The loss was Kansas City's second straight after the Chiefs' nine-game winning streak.
Week 13: vs. Denver Broncos
Kansas City led 21–7 at one point, but the Broncos came back to win 35–28 and sweep the Chiefs for the second straight season. With their third straight loss, the Chiefs fell to 9–3. They were the first 9–0 team in NFL history to lose three straight games following a 9–0 start.
Week 14: at Washington Redskins
The Chiefs finally found their winning ways again, as they beat the Redskins 45–10 and led 38–10 at halftime. With the win, the Chiefs improved to 10–3.
Week 15: at Oakland Raiders
Jamaal Charles scored five touchdowns for the Chiefs as they won 56–31 at Oakland. With the win, the Chiefs improved to 11–3.
Week 16: vs. Indianapolis Colts
In a preview of the Wild Card game between these two teams, the Chiefs lost to Indianapolis 23–7 despite leading 7–0 at one point. With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 11–4.
Week 17: at San Diego Chargers
With no Alex Smith playing due to Kansas City resting their starters for the playoffs, it was up to Chase Daniel to guide the Chiefs. Kansas City missed a field goal at the end of regulation. The Chargers won in overtime on a field goal. With the loss, the Chiefs finished the regular season 11–5 and finished 2–4 against their division and 9–1 against the rest of the NFL.
Postseason
AFC Wild Card Playoff Game: at (4) Indianapolis Colts
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Kansas City
Kansas City Chiefs seasons
2013 in sports in Missouri
Toutes griffes dehors is a 1982 French miniseries.
Cast
Sophie Desmarets as Fanny
Serge Avedikian as Gilbert Dautun
Jany Holt as Mlle Monelle
Jacques François as Alain
Pierre Tornade as Barbazan
Claudia Demarmels as Bénédicte
Christian Marin as Bob Loiseau
Blanchette Brunoy as Francine
Gérard Hernandez as Simonès
Maria Sebaldt as Monique
François Perrot as M. Merlin
Marco Perrin as Uncle Fernand
Patricia Elig as Josyane
Marc Bassler as Jean-Claude
Marie-Noëlle Eusèbe as Toura
Sylvie Granotier as Lorraine
Charlotte Maury-Sentier as Zouzou
Luc Florian as Mourad
Walter Buschhoff as M. Azam
Roland Oberlin as Didier
Carolin Ohrner as Gwendoline
Fred Personne as M. Cuvier
Jacques Sereys as Lionel Desforges
Catherine Jacob
Hélène Duc
Jeanne Herviale
Isabelle Mergault
Jean-Roger Milo
Robert Rollis
References
External links
1980s French television miniseries
1982 French television series debuts
1982 French television series endings
John Quested (born 1935) has been the owner and chairperson of Goldcrest Films since the early 1990s. They began their career as a third assistant director on The Concrete Jungle in 1960 and has gone on to produce many feature films over the course of their career.
Filmography
Producer
Elvis and Anabelle (2007) (executive producer)
Milk and Honey (2003) (executive producer)
To End All Wars (2001) (executive producer)
Bring Me the Head of Mavis Davis (1997) (executive producer)
Clockwatchers (1997) (co-executive producer) (uncredited)
Driftwood (1997) (executive producer)
No Way Home (1996) (executive producer)
Scorchers (1991) (executive producer)
Rock-a-Doodle (1991) (executive producer)
Black Rainbow (1989) (producer)
American Gothic (1987) (producer)
The Return of the Soldier (1982) (executive producer)
Sunburn (1979) (executive producer)
The Passage (1979) (producer)
The Bitch (1979) (producer)
Leopard in the Snow (1978) (producer)
The Brute (1977) (producer)
All the Right Noises (1969) (producer)
Second Unit Director or Assistant Director
Bedazzled (1967) (assistant director)
You Only Live Twice (1967) (first assistant director: second unit) (uncredited)
Sands of Beersheba (1966) (assistant director)
The Heroes of Telemark (1965) (assistant director) (uncredited)
Young Cassidy (1965) (assistant director)
Of Human Bondage (1964) (assistant director)
The Ceremony (1963) (assistant director)
The L-Shaped Room (1962) (assistant director)
Spare the Rod (1961) (second assistant director) (uncredited)
The Concrete Jungle (1960) (third assistant director) (uncredited)
Director
Loophole (1981)
Philadelphia, Here I Come (1975)
Production Manager
The Lion in Winter (production supervisor)
The Running Man (1963) (unit manager)
References
Living people
1935 births
British film producers
British film directors
Amer Naow (born 1 January 1995) is a Syrian tennis player.
Naow represents Syria at the Davis Cup, where they have a W/L record of 8–8.
Due to the Syrian Civil War, Naow was forced out of Aleppo and moved to Beirut, Lebanon, but now plays tennis for local leagues in Germany. Through this, they received a wildcard to the qualifying rounds of the 2017 Marburg Open, a Challenger-level tournament.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Syrian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Aleppo
Edson A. Putnam (October 14, 1832 – October 23, 1917) was an American politician and business person.
Born in Middlesex, Vermont, Putman moved with their parents to Oakfield, Wisconsin in 1855. They manufactured window blinds. Putman served as town school superintendent. Putnam also served on the Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors and was chairperson of the board. They were a Republican. In 1876, Putnam served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. They died in Oakfield, Wisconsin.
Notes
1832 births
1917 deaths
People from Middlesex, Vermont
People from Oakfield, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Louis-François Cassas (June 3, 1756 – November 1, 1827) was a distinguished French landscape painter, sculptor, architect, archeologist and antiquary born at Azay-le-Ferron, in the Indre Department of France. Their father was an artisan in the office of the "Ponts et Chaussés", and Cassas followed them there as an apprentice draughtsman when they were only fifteen years old.
Life
As the godson of the Marquis Louis-François de Gallifet, owner of the Château d'Azay-le-Ferron, where Cassas were born, their artistic education was very eclectic. They studied in Tours and Paris before traveling to Rome. Their teachers included Joseph-Marie Vien (1716–1809), a Neo-classical painter and teacher to Jacques-Louis David (1748–1825), Louis Jean François Lagrenée the younger (1739–1821), as well as Roccoco painters such as Jean-Baptiste Le Prince (1734–1781).
In 1778 Cassas went to Rome, Venice, Naples and Sicily where they spent the first years of their youth in the study of ancient monuments. A commission by "une societe d'amateurs des beaux arts" in 1782 took them from Istria to southern Dalmatia, to make a series of illustrations of the antiquities on the east Adriatic coast. These drawings were later published as engravings and reproduced to 69 copperplate printings in their 2-volume book Voyage pittoresque et historique de l'Istrie et de la Damatie, published in Paris in 1802. The original watercolors are at the Victoria and Albert Museum London.
From 1784 to 1786, Cassas lived and worked at the French embassy. In 1784 they accompanied the Count Choiseul-Gouffier, the French Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, on their mission to Constantinople. Commissioned by him, they travelled from 1784 to 1787 engaged in making drawings for the Ambassador's second volume of Voyage pittoresque de la Grèce, published in 1809. They visited Egypt from October to December 1785, and drew the antiquities of Alexandria, the pyramids of Giza and the mosques of Cairo. Shortly afterwards they made several drawings of Palmyra, in the desert of Syria, visited the Holy Land and illustrated the ruins of Baalbec in Lebanon. They also painted Palestine, Cyprus and Asia Minor, drawing ancient Middle Eastern sites, many of which had never been recorded.
At the beginning of the French Revolution, the artist returned to France via Rome, arriving in Paris in 1792. The result of their labours then appeared in the Voyage Pittoresque de la Syrie, de la Phenicie, de la Palestine, et de la Basse Egypte, which they began publishing in 1799. The originals of their works in oil paintings for both voyages were deposited in the Bibliothèque Royale. Many of the preliminary drawings for the published etchings in Voyage are held in the collections of the Wallraf-Richartz Museum, Cologne, and a publication archive—which includes proof-plates and a manuscript detailing Cassas' journey—is held by the Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles.
At the turn of the eighteenth to nineteenth century, the artist had already combined their first observations of Egyptian monuments in a series of paintings which were very influential on many artists and stage designers in the early decades of the nineteenth century. They were appointed as drawing professor and later than General Inspector at the Gobelin Tapestry Manufactory, for contributing to the development of products from this factory.
They died in Versailles of a stroke of apoplexy, on November 1, 1827, invested with several orders of knighthood, including the Légion d'honneur, granted to them by the king on May 21, 1821. After their death Cassas was largely forgotten and their work was greatly neglected. In 1973, the government of Yugoslavia paid homage to Cassas issuing a postage stamp of the city of Split from one of their 1782 etchings called Vue de Spalatro et du Lazareth.
Works
As an architect, they were occupied many years in forming a large collection of 745 architectural models of ancient monuments in cork and terracotta in almost every kind of style, from many countries and epochs. They were exhibited in 1806, along with engravings of the original sites and present-day ruins behind them. Eventually, they came to disposed of them for a small annuity to the imperial government for the general use of the public. They were deposited in the Palais de l'Institut and later transferred to Paris's École des Beaux-Arts.
Besides their architectural and archaeological drawings and sketches, they drew numerous costumes studies, views and processions, as well as scenes from daily life, plants and animals of all sorts. They also exhibited views of their travels at the "Salons", which were periodic art exhibitions sponsored by the French Académie Royale, in 1804 and 1814, and published Picturesque views of the Principal Sites and Monuments of Greece, of Sicily, and of the Seven Hills of Rome, of which thirty parts had already been published by 1813.
See also
Watercolor painting
Etching
Notes
Collection of Modern and Contemporary Voyages & Travels, vol. I, printed for Richard Phillips, 6, Bridge-street, Blackfriars, by Bernard & Sulter, Water Lane, Fleet Street, London, 1805.
References
Bibliography
Elisabeth A. Fraser, "In the Shadow of les Grands: Cassas's Orientalist Self-Fashioning," in Mediterranean Encounters: Artists Between Europe and the Ottoman Empire, 1774-1839, Penn State University Press, 2017.
External links
Louis-Francois Cassas material, Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles, Accession No. 840011.
V oyage pittoresque de la Syrie, de la Phoenicie, de la Palaestine et de la Basse Aegypte: ouvrage divisé en trois volumes contenant environ trois cent trente planches
18th-century French painters
French male painters
19th-century French painters
French etchers
1756 births
1827 deaths
19th-century French male artists
Mustafa Polutak (born 1 January 1946) is a former soldier in the Bosnian Army during the Bosnian War.
They completed the Military Academy direction of the Ordnance in Belgrade and Sarajevo between 1966 and 1970. Between 1980 and 1982, they completed command and staff of academies in Belgrade (MA). They were promoted in rank of Brigadier general. Polutak also led the Association for the Protection of the achievements of the struggle for Bosnia and Herzegovina and Published several scientific articles in the journal "KORAK".
 They are the author of the book: "Kako smo branili Bosnu i Hercegovinu" (How we defended Bosnia and Herzegovina).
Career
Commander of the Mixed Artillery Regiment
Organizer and Coordinator of the Territorial Defence in the territory of Central Bosnia
Commander of Tactical Group 1 "Igman"
Member of the ŠVK ARBiH (Supreme Command Staff of Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Head of Administration general in GŠ ARBiH (General Staff of Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Commander of 4th Corps of Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Commander of Artillery Division of Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Head of the mobilization, organization and structure in ZKVFBIH (Joint Command of Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina)
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Goražde
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina Muslims
Officers of the Yugoslav People's Army
Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina soldiers
UAE Exchange (; previously called Jebel Ali) is a rapid transit station on the Red Line of the Dubai Metro in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
History
The station was inaugurated in March 2011 and was expected to handle over 4,000 passengers daily. It was the last stop on the Red Line until May 31, 2021, and has a total handling capacity of 11,000 passengers per direction. It is the only metro station that is built on the ground, and is not elevated or underground.
The station was previously called Jebel Ali, before it was renamed in June 30, 2015 to UAE Exchange following an agreement between Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) and UAE Exchange. The naming agreement was inked as part of RTA's rebranding strategy.
The station is located next to another auxiliary depot used by the Dubai Metro. This is the second depot in Dubai Metro apart from the major depot at Rashidiya located near the Centrepoint Station, the last station on the other side of the Red Line and another depot located near the Etisalat metro station at the northern terminus of the Green Line.
Location
The station is located in Jebel Ali, and mainly serves employees working and living in the industrial zone of Jebel Ali Free Zone Authority (JAFZA).
References
Dubai Metro stations
Grzegorz Wicenty Sarata (born December 7, 1970 in Szczawnica) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. They finished 13th in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
1970 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Poland
Polish male canoeists
People from Nowy Targ County
Sportspeople from Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Kampa (also Na Kampě) is an island in the Vltava river in central Prague on the side of Malá Strana. Charles Bridge crosses its northern tip and is connected to the island by the street ulice Na Kampě. It is separated from Malá Strana by a narrow artificial channel to the west called the Devil's Stream (Čertovka), a waterway dug to power water mills (no longer existent). It is supposedly named after a sharp-tongued woman who lived in a local home called the Seven Devils.
The area was named in the 17th century as the campus ("field") by Spanish soldiers who tented here during the Battle of White Mountain.
Museum Kampa
Kampa is home to Museum Kampa, a modern art gallery showing central European (and in particular Czech) work. The pieces are from the private collection of Meda Mládek, wife of
Jan V. Mládek. The museum, which opened in 2003, is housed in Sova's Mills on the eastern bank of the island. Magdalena Jetelova's huge chair sculpture, situated outside the museum above the river, is a prominent landmark visible from across the Vltava.
References
External links
Museum Kampa website
Radio Praha article on the Jetlova Chair
Art gallery districts
Geography of Prague
River islands of the Czech Republic
Vltava
Malá Strana
Etam may refer to:
Etam (biblical figure), several people and places in the Bible
Etam (biblical town), between Bethlehem and Tekoa
Etam UK, former British women's clothing retailer
Etam, West Virginia, an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia
Rock of Etam, hiding place of Samson
See also
Etam plc v Rowan, a 1989 UK labour law case
ETA (m), an armed Basque separatist group
Stagleap Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. The park is approximately 1133 hectares (2800 acres). It is 34 kilometers (21 miles) west of Creston.
Stagleap is a protected habitat for mountain caribou, which are an endangered species. For this reason, dogs and other domestic animals are prohibited from the park from November 1st through April 30th.
Attractions
Canoeing
Kayaking
Fishing
Hiking
Skiing
Log cabins for day use
References
External links
Official site
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Regional District of Central Kootenay
Protected areas established in 1964
1964 establishments in British Columbia
The International Society for Chilean Music (SIMUC) is a non-profit organization that promotes Chilean art music, musicians and musicologists internationally.
History
The SIMUC was founded by composer Javier Party, cellist Daygoro Serón and philologist Andrea Golsong in December 2015 in Vienna, Austria, from where it operates internationally. It has around 150 members from different countries, most of them are Chilean musicians.
Concerts
The first concert organized by the SIMUC took place on June 29 of 2016 in Vienna, Austria. It was a Liederabend with 12 pieces from 10 Chilean composers of the last 100 years, born between 1884 and 1983. An unprecedented sample of Chilean music in the international capital of classical music.
The SIMUC organizes around eight concerts per year in different countries exclusively with Chilean repertoire.
Podcasts
The SIMUC produces MEC, a Podcast dedicated exclusively to Chilean Electronic Music. The first episode of the first season (MEC0101) was published on September 30 of 2016. The seasons have 10 episodes. Each episode is presented and programmed by a different expert from the Chilean electroacoustic music community.
Publications
The International Society for Chilean Music publishes the Reporte Elgueta monthly, a selection of international news of Chilean classical musicians, as well as two bimonthly columns: Enfoque, dedicated to articles on the Chilean classical music scene written by musicologists, composers, journalists and researchers, and a more personal column where Chilean performers abroad write about their own experience. In 2019 the SIMUC published the album Chilean Art Song: The Last 100 Years, a representative compilation the genre in Chile with 12 pieces by 10 Chilean composers of the last 100 years.
Database
SIMUC's database includes quite detailed lists of Chilean musicians abroad, Chilean composers, works by Chilean composers and data on SIMUC's activities.
External links
References
Music organisations based in Chile
Music organisations based in Austria
The term “set and drift” is used to describe external forces that affect a boat and keep it from following an intended course. To understand and calculate set and drift, one needs to first understand currents. Ocean currents are the horizontal movements of water from one location to another. The movement of water is impacted by: meteorological effects, wind, temperature differences, gravity, and on occasion earthquakes. Set is referred to as the current's direction, expressed in true degrees. Drift is referred to as the current's speed, which is usually measured in knots. “Leeway” refers to the amount of sidewards translation of a vessel drifting off of or away from the intended course of travel (with no correction or compensation by altering the heading of the vessel such as pointing them into the wind.)
Ignoring set and drift can cause a mariner to get off their desired course, sometimes by hundreds of miles. A mariner needs to be able to steer the ship and compensate for the effects of set and drift upon their vessel while underway. The actual course a vessel travels is referred to as the course over the ground. The current of the ocean alters this course whether pushing it away from its desired course or in the same direction. The vessel's speed through the water is referred to as the speed over the ground and the current can affect how fast or slow the vessel moves through the water.
How to Calculate
In order to utilize set and drift in navigation, navigators must first set the course using Dead Reckoning.
A Dead Reckoning, DR, is calculated by using a previously determined position on a chart, and advancing that position based on known or estimated speed over a set amount of time. This can be calculated by using the formula Speed = Distance / Time.
Once an advance position has been plotted, then set and drift can be factored in. If there is a known set and drift, then the corrections can be applied to the Dead Reckoning position to then get an Estimated Position on a chart.
The Course Made Good is the direction in which a ship or vessel has traveled with the effects of current, wind, and helmsmanship. If a current is flowing in the same direction as the ships heading, then the Course Made Good remains the same, but the current speed and ship speed are added together. If the speeds are in opposite directions, then the smaller speed is subtracted from the larger speed. If a vessel runs directly against a current or directly with a current, the speed of the vessel and speed of the current can be added or subtracted from each other. Such as, a vessel has a speed of 8 knots through the water and the vessel is traveling with the current, which is at 2 knots, then the speed over ground is 8+2 and the vessel's true speed is 10 knots.
Set and Drift can be calculated by using a vector diagram and can be drawn and measured on a chart, maneuvering board or even a plain piece of paper.
Example Calculation
You are underway on course 150 degrees true at 8 knots. Your vessel is making good a course of 166 degrees true and a speed made good of 8.8 knots. What is your set and drift?
Step 1. Plot out course of 150 degrees true on Radar Plotting Sheet
Step 2. Measure length of course by using speed of 8 knots and converting into nautical miles via the time, speed, and distance scale
Step 3. Plot the length of speed on Radar Plotting sheet
Step 4. Plot out desired course of 166 degrees true on Radar Plotting Sheet
Step 5. Measure length of course by using speed of 8.8 knots and converting into nautical miles via the time, speed, and distance scale
Step 6. Connect the two ends of the vectors from the current course to the course made good. Thus creating your set and drift vector
Step 7. Using the navigational triangle, place on set and drift vector. Then drag to center crosshairs keeping the same angle and find the degrees on the outer circle
Step 8. Measure the length of the set and drift vector with the compass. Convert from nautical miles into knots using the time, speed, and distance scale.
Step 9. Your set is 230 degrees true at a drift of 2.5 knots
Tools used to calculate
To use Navigation Triangles, a navigator need two of them to be able to navigate correctly. Navigation Triangles can be used to find Lines of Positions, Dead Reckoning, ranges, Estimated Positions, Running Fixes and so on. They are also used to connect all the types of fixes to be able to determine a course.
Dividers can be used for the measurement of lengths of lines on a chart and approximating the lengths of non-linear lines on a chart. Dividers can also be turned into a compass by replacing the metal leg of the divider with a piece of lead. A compass can measure and draw arc and circles on charts and maneuvering boards.
Sources
Navigation
Tides
Johan August Ekman (26 November 1845, Hjälstad - 1913) was Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden, 1900–1913.
Biography
Johan Ekman was the son of Olof Ekman and Maria, born Johansdotter.
They were a student of theology at the University of Uppsala receiving their Licentiate of Theology in 1870 and was ordained into the priesthood in 1873.
They were earned their Bachelor of Theology (teol. kand.) in 1876. They became a professor of theology at Uppsala University in 1887 and received their Doctor of Theology (dr. theol.) in 1893. Thereafter they worked as a vicar and held other church offices.
They were elected Bishop of the Diocese of Västerås in 1898; and appointed Archbishop of Uppsala in 1900.
Ekman played a decisive role in the development of the Lay ecclesial ministry.
In 1903, the General Swedish clergy association (Allmänna svenska prästföreningen) was founded and in 1910 the Church of Sweden National Board for Parish Life (Svenska kyrkans diakonistyrelse).
Selected works
The origins of Christian Priesthood (1882)
Miracles and Spiritual Inspirations (1883)
The Naturalistic Paganism (1886-1888)
References
Other sources
Santell, Fredrik (2016) Svenska kyrkans diakonistyrelse: Tillflöden och tillkomst, organisation och verksamhet intill 1938 (Uppsala University)
External links
Nordiskt familjebok, article Johan August Ekman
Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon, article Johan August Ekman In Swedish
1845 births
1913 deaths
People from Töreboda Municipality
Uppsala University alumni
Uppsala University faculty
Lutheran archbishops of Uppsala
20th-century Lutheran archbishops
Burials at Uppsala old cemetery
Total Depravity is the fifth studio album by London-based band the Veils. It was released by Nettwerk Productions on 26 August 2016.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
2016 albums
The Veils albums
Albums produced by El-P
Nettwerk Records albums
The Darunta Dam () is a hydroelectric power dam located on the Kabul River near Darunta, approximately west of Jalalabad, the capital of Nangarhar Province in eastern Afghanistan.
Darunta Dam was constructed by Soviet Union (USSR) companies in 1964 and its power station contains three vertical Kaplan turbines (six-blade propeller) with a rated output of each. Originally, the dam supplied of electrical power but silting and damage to the system during the Afghan civil war has reduced its actual output to . The war in 1992 severely damaged Darunta dam. The plant is currently in very poor condition and requires major rehabilitation including possible replacement of all three turbines.
ANHAM was contracted by USAID to perform the rehabilitation of the Darunta Hydroelectric Power Plant. Rehabilitation is in progress and expected completion date was 31 January 2012. On 4 March 2013 Wadsam reported that USAID suspended aid to the project due to the failure of Governor Gul Agha Sherzai in fulfilling their promise to finance 10% of the total cost of the US$11mn project.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Afghanistan
References
External links
USAID Afghanistan Project Information Sheet (2004): Darunta Hydroelectric Power Station - Rehabilitation
Dams in Afghanistan
Buildings and structures in Nangarhar Province
Hydroelectric power stations in Afghanistan
Afghanistan–Soviet Union relations
Dams completed in 1964
Dams on the Kabul River
Soviet foreign aid
1964 establishments in Afghanistan
Shahabad (, also romanized as Shāhābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Jake Thomas Walker (born 3 November 2000) is an English footballer who plays as a right-back and right-sided midfielder for Cymru Premier team Newtown. Walker is a product of the Aston Villa Academy and made one appearance for the senior side in the 2020-21 FA Cup, as well as appearing in the EFL Trophy for their U21 side. They have previously played on loan at Southern Football League sides Banbury United and Alvechurch.
Career
Aston Villa
Walker joined the Aston Villa Academy at the age of nine and was given their first professional contract, a two-year deal, in 2019. Walker joined Banbury United on loan until the end of the season in January 2020. They joined Alvechurch on loan in October 2020, but was recalled in January 2021. Walker was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for their senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool.
Walker was released by Aston Villa at the end of the 2020–21 season.
Newtown
On 7 August 2021, Walker signed a semi-professional contract with Newtown in the Cymru Premier. They made their debut on 15 August 2021, in a 4–1 defeat to The New Saints. During their first season, they moved from defence into midfield. They scored their first goal in senior football on 18 December 2021, in a 2–0 victory over Flint Town United.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Aston Villa F.C. players
Banbury United F.C. players
Alvechurch F.C. players
Newtown A.F.C. players
Cymru Premier players
Sportspeople from Shrewsbury
Eliakim Hastings Moore (June 19, 1812 – April 4, 1900) was an American politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1869 to 1871.
Biography
Moore was born to David & Dolly (Hastings) Moore in Boylston, Massachusetts, and moved with their parents to Marietta, Ohio and in 1817 to Athens County, Ohio. They attended the common schools, and later educated themselves at night as a civil engineer.
Moore served as County surveyor from 1836-1846, and later than Auditor for Athens County from 1846-1860. They served as collector of internal revenue for the Marietta-Athens district of Ohio from 1862-1866, later organizing the First National Bank of Athens in 1863 and was connected therewith as president and director until about 1895.
Moore was elected as a Republican to the Forty-first Congress (March 4, 1869 – March 3, 1871), but was not a candidate for renomination in 1870. After politics, they engaged in railroad enterprises in Athens, Ohio, as well as being a Trustee of Ohio University at Athens.
Moore died in Athens April 4, 1900, and was interred in West Union Street Cemetery.
The mathematician E. H. Moore was their grandson.
Sources
External links
Descendants of Thomas Hastings website
Descendants of Thomas Hastings on Facebook
1812 births
1900 deaths
People from Athens, Ohio
People from Boylston, Massachusetts
Ohio University trustees
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Roberto Torres (born 29 August 1964) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. They rode in one edition of the Tour de France, one edition of the Giro d'Italia and nine editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1987
2nd Overall Vuelta a los Valles Mineros
1989
2nd Overall Vuelta a Aragon
1st Stage 4
1990
1st Overall Tour d'Armorique
1st Stage 2
1st Stage 3a ITT Route du Sud
1991
1st Stage 2 Volta ao Alentejo
6th Overall GP du Midi-Libre
1992
1st Stage 13 Vuelta a España
1993
1st Stage 5a Vuelta a la Comunidad Valenciana
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Montpellier
Cyclists from Occitania (administrative region)
People from Móstoles
Cyclists from the Community of Madrid
French people of Spanish descent
French emigrants to Spain
Spanish Vuelta a España stage winners
The Robert J. Frankel Stakes is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares age three and older run over a distance of one and one-eighth miles (9 furlongs) on the turf track held annually in late December in late December at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California, USA. The event currently offers a purse of $100,000.
History
The inaugural running of the event was on 4 January 1968 as the San Gorgonio Handicap, a sprint over the Downhill turf course over a distance of about six and one-half furlongs for horses that were four-years-old or older. The event was won by Tumble Weed who was trained by US Hall of Fame trainer Charles E. Whittingham in a time of 1:13.
The event was named after a landmark in Southern California, known as San Gorgonio Pass, San Gorgonio Mountain. a mountain in the San Bernardino Mountains and the former town of San Gorgonio now called Beaumont.
The following year the event was scheduled as a claiming stakes event held over a distance of miles and was called the San Gorgonio Claiming Stakes. In 1970 the event was not held.
In 1976 Santa Anita Track Administration changed the conditions of the event to a handicap for four-year-old fillies and mares and changing the name of the event back to San Gorgonio Handicap. The winner was the seven-year-old Chilean-bred mare Tizna who carried a record weight of 132 lbs to victory by a nose as the 9/5 favorite.
In 1977 the event was run twice. Once in January and the second time in December when track administration scheduled the event earlier for the 1977–1978 Racing season. Hence, the event was not held in 1978 when the scheduled back in its January time slot.
In 1983 the American Graded Stakes Committee classified the event as Grade III and upgraded the race in 1985 to Grade II.
The event was renamed in 2010 to honor the late Hall of Fame trainer Robert J. Frankel who had trained eight winners of the event.
In 2012 the event was downgraded back to Grade III.
The 2016 Robert J. Frankel Stakes lost its Grade III classification when, for safety reasons, the race was switched from the turf course to the dirt track.
In 2021 the event was scheduled to be held on the last day of the year but due to wet conditions Santa Anita administration moved the event to New Year's Day. Hence the conditions of the event were for four-year-olds and over.
Records
Time record:
miles: 1:46.40 – Castilla (1983), Invited Guest (1990)
Margins:
15 lengths – Miss Magnetic (1980)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 – Laffit Pincay Jr. (1971, 1973, 1978, 1987, 1994)
5 – Chris McCarron (1983, 1991, 1992, 1998, 2002)
5 – Corey Nakatani (1993, 1996, 1996, 1997, 2016)
Most wins by a trainer:
8 – Robert J. Frankel (1973, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2007)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Sidney Craig (1992, 1998)
2 – Juddmonte Farms (1996, 2003)
2 – 3 Plus U Stable (1997, 2001)
2 – Stronach Stables (1994, 2007)
2 – Abbondanza Racing (2016, 2017)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
External links
2021 Santa Anita Media Guide
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 3 stakes races in the United States
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Horse races in California
Recurring sporting events established in 1968
1968 establishments in California
Turf races in the United States
Santa Anita Park
The lesser wagtail-tyrant (stigmatura napensis) is a small South American species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
The lesser wagtail-tyrant is currently grouped into two subspecies separated by their different habitat preferences and geographic location. The nominate species, known under the group ‘Lesser' is found on river islands along the Amazon River, where was the S. n. Bahiae, also known as the ‘Bahia' group, is found in the arid interior of northeast Brazil.
The Lesser Wagtail-Tyrant (Lesser) is now typically found in early succession vegetation. This habitat consists of vigorously growing grasses, shrubs, and trees. Another habitat these birds are found in is newly forming beaches with thick tessaria, tall grass, and young trees on islands along large white-water rivers. The Lesser Wagtail-Tyrant (Bahia), on the other hand, is typically found in dense, brushy, and low stature caatinga below c. 600 meters.
Both groups of the Lesser Wagtail-Tyrant are medium-sized birds with grey upperparts and yellow underparts. They have a long white and brown tail and a mixture of white and dusky feathered wings. The birds have a narrow pale-yellow colored eyebrow and a blackish eyeline. Their beak is short and black, like its short, dark legs.
The Lesser Wagtail-Tyrants are known to search for their typical diet of insects in pairs or family groups. The birds forage very actively for insects, often cocking the tail well above the horizontal, and in the caatinga sometimes descending onto the ground. The bird hunts with active moves with short pauses. Their tail is usually cocked horizontally above them and fanned so that they are exposing their broad white tips and yellowish base while their wings are slightly drooped. While the diet of the Bahia group is virtually unknown, it is assumed to be largely or entirely insectivorous and typically descend to the group to feed.
The Lesser Wagtail-Tyrant has a rapidly delivered song, often given in duet, which easily betrays the species' presence. The Lesser group's call is noted to have a soft whistled “wheeert?” or “weeeéé” and a harsh descending rattle that sounds similar to the sound of a bouncing ball. The Bahia's call is noted to be very similar to the Lesser's call other than their differences in that the descending rattle part of the duet is accelerating with long initial notes. The song is a lively asynchronous duet, one bird uttering a descending rattle, the other uttering several more melodious notes.
References
lesser wagtail-tyrant
Birds of the Amazon Basin
lesser wagtail-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sergey Lebedev, Sergei Lebedev, Sergej Lebedev, Sergei Lebedew, or may refer to:
Sergey Lebedev (chess player) (1868–1942), Russian chess player
Sergey Lebedev (chemist) (1874–1934), Russian chemist
Sergey Lebedev (scientist) (1902–1974), Russian electrical engineer and computer scientist
Sergey Lebedev (politician) (born 1948), Uzbekistan-born Russian politician
Sergey Lebedev (footballer) (born 1969), Uzbekistan-born Soviet association football midfielder
Sergei Lebedev (novelist) (born 1981), Russian geologist, journalist and writer (ru, The Guardian)
Erick Eugene Allen (born October 5, 1975) is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives and a member of the Democratic Party representing district 40.
Personal life and education
Allen was born in Nashville, Tennessee. After graduating from high school, Allen attended Volunteer State College in Gallatin, Tennessee where they received an associate's degree in secondary education. They later went on to receive a bachelor's degree in human and organizational development from Belmont University and a master's in business administration from Kennesaw State University.
Allen is married to Dr. Tameka Allen, an Orthodontist, and has one daughter Elise.
Career
In 2002, Allen moved to Atlanta, Georgia where they met their future bride and now wife, Dr. Tameka Allen. They married in September 2010. Since arriving in Georgia, Allen has worked as a self-employed consultant focusing on workforce performance and development.
Allen first ran for Georgia House in 2014 against Republican incumbent Rich Golick, and again in 2016 before defeating Golick in 2018.
Rep. Allen was named the 2021 Legislator of the year by the Georgia Mental Health Consumer network for their advocacy and work in Mental Health. in 2019 the Georgia Council on Substance Abuse renamed their advocate of the year award the Erick Allen Advocate of the Year award in recognition of Rep. Allen's work to secure legislation for a specialized Georgia Recovers license plate and for starting the Legislative Working Group on Addiction and Recovery (only the 3rd in the country at the time).
 They are a candidate for the 2022 Georgia lieutenant gubernatorial election.
Committees
Allen serves as a member on the Banks & Banking, Code Revision, Insurance, Economic Development & Tourism, and Human Relations & Aging committees.
Previous Endorsements
President Barack Obama, President Joe Biden, Vice President Kamala Harris, Gov. Roy Barnes, Atty. General Eric Holder, Stacey Abrams, Sierra Club, NARAL, PPSE, Educators First, GA AFL-CIO, Moms Demand Action Gun Sense Candidate
References
1975 births
Living people
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Politicians from Atlanta
Politicians from Nashville, Tennessee
Belmont University alumni
Kennesaw State University alumni
Georgia (U.S. state) Democrats
21st-century American politicians
African-American state legislators in Georgia (U.S. state)
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
Glenview is a rural locality in the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Glenview had a population of 1,187 people.
Geography
Part of the western boundary is marked by the Mooloolah River which flows eastwards across Glenview towards the coast. The Bruce Highway forms the eastern boundary, and the Steve Irwin Way (State Route 6) passes from south to east, where it intersects with and crosses the Bruce Highway to become Caloundra Road.
Glenview has the following mountains:
Meridan Hill ()
Mount Sippy ()
History
Mooloolah Plains Provisional School opened in 1878. In November 1879 it became a half-time school in conjunction with Mooloolah Bridge Provisional School (meaning they shared a single teacher between the two schools). Mooloolah Plains Provisional School closed in late 1881 but reopened in 1883 once again in half-time conjunction with Mooloolah Bridge Provisional School. In July 1888 Mooloolah Plains Provisional School became a full time school. On 1 January 1909 it became Glenview State School.
In the , Glenview had a population of 1,187 people.
Heritage listings
Glenview has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Steve Irwin Way: North Coast Roadside Rest Areas
Steve Irwin Way: Mooloolah Cemetery
Education
Glenview State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 6 Leeding Road (). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 225 students with 18 teachers (14 full-time equivalent) and 10 non-teaching staff (7 full-time equivalent).
There are no secondary schools in Glenview. The nearest government secondary schools are Chancellor State College in Sippy Downs to the north-west and Meridan State College in neighbouring Meridan Plains to the east.
Facilities
The Mooloolah Cemetery is located on Steve Irwin Way in Glenview ().
References
External links
Suburbs of the Sunshine Coast Region
Localities in Queensland
Deh Sang () is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Orlyanka () is a rural locality () in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Songes and Sonettes, usually called Tottel's Miscellany, was the first printed anthology of English poetry. First published by Richard Tottel in 1557 in London, it ran to many editions in the sixteenth century.
Richard Tottel
Richard Tottel was an English publisher with a shop at Temple Bar on Fleet Street in London. Their main business was the publication of law textbooks but their biggest contribution to English literature would come in the form of the anthology of poetry. They also gave the public Surrey's translation of the second and fourth books of Virgil's Aeneid, which is the earliest known example of English blank verse.  They are responsible too for the first edition printed of Cicero's De Officiis in 1556 by Nicholas Grimald, who would later contribute to the poetry anthology.
Tottel also published Thomas More's Utopia and another collection of More's writings, John Lydgate's translations from Giovanni Boccaccio, and books by William Staunford and Thomas Tusser. The majority of their publications were legal treatises, including a legal history of the reign of Richard III, and legal yearbooks covering parts of the reigns of Henry VIII and Edward VI.
Songes and Sonettes
The first edition of this work appeared on 5 June 1557 with the title Songes and Sonettes Written By the Ryght Honorable Lord Henry Howard, late Earle of Surrey, Thomas Wyatt the Elder and others. The volume consisted of 271 poems, none of which had ever been printed before. Songs and Sonettes was the first of the poetic anthologies that became popular by the end of the 16th century, and is considered to be Tottel's 'great contribution to English letters', as well as the first to be printed for the pleasure of the common reader. It was also the last large use of sonnet form for several decades, in published work, until the appearance of Philip Sidney's sonnet sequence Astrophel and Stella (1591) and the anthology The Phoenix Nest (1593).
Most of the poems included in the anthology were written in the 1530s but were only published in the first edition in 1557. Many of them were published posthumously.
There are in total 54 actual sonnets in the anthology. These include nine from unknown authors, three from Nicholas Grimald, 15 from Surrey, and 27 from Wyatt.
The incorporated poetry had numerous comments on religion, covering Catholicism, Protestantism, and the English Reformation. Later editors of the early modern period then took out many of these religious references.
Contributors
The collection comprises mostly the works of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey and Thomas Wyatt the Elder. Both were heavily influenced by Italian poetry, although Wyatt's meter would be adapted to conventional English iambic stress by Tottel.
The star poet of Tottel's Miscellany, the Earl of Surrey, created the English sonnet form by modifying the Petrarchan sonnet. If the English sonnet is also called the Shakespearean sonnet, that can be attributed to Shakespeare's fame. The form which Surrey created (three quatrains in alternate rhyme and a concluding couplet) is easier to write in English than the Petrarchan form, with its more complex rhyme scheme.
Wyatt's inclusion in Tottel's Miscellany would mark the first time this poet's work was printed. (Two of Surrey's poems had appeared in print). Other contributors include Nicholas Grimald, Thomas Norton, Thomas Vaux, John Heywood, Edward Somerset and other uncertain or unknown authors. Among these unknown authors, it is believed that Geoffrey Chaucer wrote at least one of the poems, titled in the anthology as, "To leade a vertuous and honest life." Although some of the wording has been altered slightly, this poem appears to be "a somewhat mutilated copy of Chaucer's ballad on "Truth.""
This is a sample of a poem found in the text by Sir Thomas Wyatt:.
They flee from me, that sometime did me seek,
With naked foot stalking in my chamber:
Once have I seen them gentle, tame, and meek,
That now is wild, and do not once remember,
That sometime they have put themselves in danger
To take bread at my hand ; and now they range
Busily seeking in continual change
(This poem refers to Elizabeth I's mother, Anne Boleyn. Wyatt wisely withdrew from the chase in favor of a more heavyweight suitor. Both had the problem of being already married, but the other suitor, Henry VIII, eventually solved that one).
The first edition of Tottel's Miscellany (1557) featured forty poems by Surrey, ninety-six poems by Wyatt, forty poems by Grimald, and ninety-five poems written by unknown authors. Tottel made note that of those anonymous poems, the authors were sure to include Thomas Churchyard, Thomas Vaux, Edward Somerset, John Heywood and Sir Francis Bryan. It has been decided definitely that of those ninety-five poems, two were written by Vaux, one by John Heywood, and one by Somerset. The only first edition left is in the Bodleian Library in England. A reprint, which was limited to sixty copies, was edited by John Payne Collier in 1867.
The second edition was also published in 1557; thirty of Grimald's poems were removed but thirty-nine additional ones were added to the "uncertain authors" category with a final tally of 281 poems. There are only two copies of this work in existence left, one in the Grenville Collection at the British Museum, the other at Trinity College, Cambridge.
The next seven editions were all printed between 1558 and 1586, with the final ninth edition being published in 1587.
Impact
It was so popular during the Elizabethan era it is considered the most influential of all Elizabethan miscellanies. It is generally included with Elizabethan era literature even though it was, in fact, published in 1557, a year before Elizabeth I took the throne.
Shakespeare uses some of its verses in The Merry Wives of Windsor and Hamlet, and directly quotes the anonymous poem "Against them that had slaundered a gentlewoman with them selfe", in The Rape of Lucrece:
"To me came Tarquin, armed to beguild,
With outward honesty but yet defiled..."
In the Miscellany the quote is
"so was the house defiled,
Oh Collatiue: so was the wife beguilde."
Songes and Sonettes is also known as the most important English poetic collection in the 16th century and inaugurated a long series of poetic anthologies in Elizabethan England.
References
External links
Tottel's Miscellany edited by Edward Arber at Internet Archive.
1557 books
English poetry anthologies
16th-century poetry books
Leonard Stanley Reid, (21 September 1916 – 22 April 2003) was an Australian fighter pilot and politician who represented the Liberal Party as a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and the Australian House of Representatives.
Reid served as a fighter pilot in both the Royal Australian Air Force and on attachment to the Royal Air Force during the Second World War, and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 4 December 1942. After the war, they ran a dairy farm in Cranbourne, Victoria before being elected to the Electoral district of Dandenong at the 1958 Victorian state election. Reid served as the member for Dandenong for 11 years, before resigning their seat to contest the newly created federal Division of Holt, which covered much of the same area as Dandenong, at the 1969 federal election. Reid won narrowly, but was defeated at the 1972 federal election partly due to the swing that ousted the McMahon government and partly due to demographic changes which saw Dandenong develop as a major industrial centre.
Whilst a member of the lower House they crossed the floor and voted with the Labor Party or abstained from voting.
Len Reid was avidly connected with people who were marginalised in society and actively concentrated on the poor in India and Bangladesh. Their publications included Crusade against Death. They played an important role with the charity "For Those Who Have Less".
Reid married Joan Averill Swallow, daughter of Leonard Swallow and Dorothy Comyn in 1946. They were the niece of Hugh Comyn and William Leslie Comyn. They had children Virginia and Roger.
References
1916 births
2003 deaths
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Australian World War II flying aces
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Holt
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Australian Air Force officers
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
20th-century Australian politicians
The women's shot put event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 20 August.
Results
References
Results
Shot
2011 in women's athletics
2011
| 82 kg
Rosen Dimitrov (; born May 10, 1982) is a Bulgarian Sambo practitioner who is three times world champion in Combat Sambo.  They are the trainer of the Bulgarian national team of combat sambo.  They are also a mixed martial artist. They have more than 20 MMA fights. With their twin brother Rumen Dimitrov they founded the organization TWINS MMA.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Win
| align=center| 21-3
| Herman Kungu
| TKO (Doctor Stoppage)
| MAXFIGHT: Warriors 34
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:16
| Sveti Vlas, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20-3
| Aleksey Martinov
| Submission (Punches)
| Cage Of Glory 4
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center|
| Obzor, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 19-3
| Ronny Alexander
| KO (Spinning Back Kick)
| MAXFIGHT: Warriors 31
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:01
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19-2
| Pavel Malazov
| TKO (Punches)
| MAXFIGHT: Warriors 28
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:25
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18-2
| Borche Ivanovski
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| MAXFIGHT: Warriors 27
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:28
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17-2
| Tikhon Delovski
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| BoG: Battle of Gabrovo
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center|
| Gabrovo, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16-2
| Boyan Jekov
| Submission (achilles lock)
| BoG: Battle of Gabrovo
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center|
| Gabrovo, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15-2
| Nikolai Alexiev
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| BMMAF: Warriors 24
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:44
| Sunny Beach, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14-2
| Danijel Dzebic
| Submission (punches)
| RPC: Battle of the Fortress
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center|
| Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13-2
| Jesus Rodriguez
| TKO (punches)
| MAXFIGHT-21
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:15
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12-2
| Ivica Trushchek
| Submission (guillotine)
| MAXFIGHT-19
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:57
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11-2
| Ivan Ivanov
| TKO (punches)
| MAXFIGHT-16
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:15
| Sveti Vlas, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10-2
| Deivison Ribeiro
| TKO (punches)
| MAXFIGHT-15
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:35
| Sveti Vlas, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9-2
| Riccardo Schiesaro
| Submission (achilles lock)
| Real Pain Challenge: Domination
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center|
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8-2
| Lubomir Guedjev
| Decision (unanimous)
| BMMAF: Warriors 10
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Kardzhali, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7-2
| Ivan Brguljan
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| BMMAF: Warriors 9
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:10
| Sveti Vlas, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6-2
| Mikko Suvanto
| Decision (majority)
| M-1 Challenge 17: Korea
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Seoul, South Korea
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5-2
| Nikolay Dobrudzhanski
| Decision (unanimous)
| BMMAF: Warriors 7
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Stara Zagora, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4-2
| Sergey Kornev
| TKO (punches)
| M-1 Challenge 7: UK
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:59
| Nottingham, United Kingdom
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4-1
| Oliver Miller
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| RPC 2: Real Pain Challenge 2
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:30
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3-1
| Jordan Radev
| Decision (Unanimous)
| RPC 1: Real Pain Challenge 1
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3-0
| Loncar Andrija
| Submission (achilles lock)
| BCM: MMA Open Sofia
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:21
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2-0
| Nikolay Parchev
| Submission (verbal)
| Shooto: Bulgaria
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| n/a
| Sofia, Bulgaria
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1-0
| Petar Mateev
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Shooto: Bulgaria
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:15
| Sofia, Bulgaria
| MMA Debut
External links
Living people
Bulgarian male mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Bulgarian sambo practitioners
Sportspeople from Sofia
1982 births
Mixed martial artists utilizing sambo
This article lists state forests in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
Puerto Rico state forests
The following are Puerto Rico state forests.
Key:
B = Boating
C = Camping
F = Fishing
G = Photography
H = Hiking
K = Kayaking
O = Nature Observation
P = Picnicking
R = Scientific Research
S = Swimming
W = Bird Watching
Other Puerto Rico government forests
The following forest is owned by the Puerto Rico but managed by the Taller de Arte y Cultura community-based group at Casa Pueblo.
Key:
C = Camping
G = Photography
H = Hiking
O = Nature Observation
P = Picnicking
S = Swimming
W = Bird Watching
See also
El Yunque National Forest
List of National Natural Landmarks in Puerto Rico
List of U.S. National Forests
Protected areas of Puerto Rico
Notes
References
External links
Puerto Rico Department of Natural and Environmental Resources (Spanish)
El Estado de los Bosques de Puerto Rico, 2003. Archived.
Puerto Rico
Forests
Forests
"Inside Out" is a song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams from their album On a Day Like Today (1998). It is also featured on their greatest hits album The Best of Me. On some versions of this album, the song "Don't Give Up" with Chicane was added as a ghost track right after "Inside Out".
It was released as a single in 2000. The single included live versions of "Back to You" and "Rock Steady", recorded in South Africa, taken from the special edition release of "The Best of Me". There is a music video of the single, with the cover model as a robot. They also appear in one of Adams' photography books.
Charts
Trisha Yearwood and Don Henley version
American country music artist Trisha Yearwood recorded the song as a duet with Don Henley for their 2001 album of the same name. Yearwood's and Henley's version (their second collaboration after "Walkaway Joe") was a #31-peaking single on the U.S. country singles charts that year.
Charts
References
2000 singles
2001 singles
2000 songs
Bryan Adams songs
Trisha Yearwood songs
Don Henley songs
Male–female vocal duets
Songs written by Bryan Adams
Songs written by Gretchen Peters
A&M Records singles
MCA Nashville Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mark Wright (record producer)
Song recordings produced by Bob Rock
Somerset County Cricket Club are an English cricket club based in Taunton, Somerset. The club was founded in 1875 after a match between "Gentlemen of Somerset" and "Gentlemen of Devon" in Sidmouth, Devon. Somerset played their first undisputed first-class cricket match in 1882 against Lancashire. After missing the first season of the official County Championship, Somerset was admitted for the second in 1891, and have participated in the competition ever since. The club have played one-day cricket since its introduction to the English game in 1963, winning their first trophy in the 1979 Gillette Cup. All players who have played in 100 first-class or List A cricket matches are listed below. Only four players have made over 100 appearances in Twenty20 cricket for Somerset, James Hildreth currently holds the record for the most matches in the format for the club, having made 205 appearances.
Brian Langford holds the record for the greatest number of first-class appearances for Somerset. Between 1953 and 1974 the right-arm off break bowler played 504 times for the club. Only three other players have made more than 400 appearances for Somerset, and no-one has reached the milestone since Langford. Jack White, one of the three, is the club's leading wicket-taker in first-class cricket, claiming 2,165 dismissals for the county between 1909 and 1937. Harold Gimblett's tally of 21,142 first-class runs is the most by a Somerset cricketer, over 1,000 more than the next, Marcus Trescothick.
Englishmen Peter Denning and Graham Rose, jointly hold the record for most List A appearance for Somerset, while Marcus Trescothick holds the record for the most runs in one-day cricket for Somerset, with 7,374 from their twenty-one years with the county. Barbadian Hallam Moseley ranks as the top wicket-taker, claiming 309 wickets in one-day cricket, nine more than England Test cricketer Ian Botham.
Key
denotes that player is still active for Somerset.
Apps denotes the number of appearances the player has made for Somerset.
Run denotes the number of runs scored by the player for Somerset.
Wkts denotes the number of wickets taken by the player for Somerset.
Players are initially listed according to the date of their first-team debut for the club.
Players in bold have appeared in either Test or One Day International matches for their country.
Players
References
General
Specific
Bibliography
100
Lists of English cricket records and statistics
Ceroprepes is a genus of snout moths. It was described by It was described by Zeller in 1867.
Species
Ceroprepes atribasilaris Du, Song & Yang, 2005
Ceroprepes fartakensis (Rebel, 1931)
Ceroprepes fusconebulella Yamanaka & Kirpichnikova, 2000
Ceroprepes guizhouensis Du, Li & Wang in Du, Li & Wang, 2002
Ceroprepes jilongensis Du, Song & Yang, 2005
Ceroprepes lunata Du, Song & Yang, 2005
Ceroprepes naga Roesler & Küppers, 1979
Ceroprepes nigrolineatella Shibuya, 1927
Ceroprepes ophthalmicella (Christoph, 1881)
Ceroprepes patriciella Zeller, 1867
Ceroprepes proximalis Walker, 1863
Ceroprepes pulvillella (Zeller)
Ceroprepes walterzeissi Roesler, 1983
References
Phycitinae
Taxa named by Philipp Christoph Zeller
Moth genera
The Late Show is a live album by saxophonists Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label in 1965. The album was the fourth release from the recordings at Minton's after The Tenor Scene, The First Set and The Midnight Show.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing
"Dee Dee's Dance" (Denzil Best) - 6:12
"Billie's Bounce" (Charlie Parker) - 8:43
"Epistrophy" (Thelonious Monk, Kenny Clarke) - 8:46
"Light and Lovely" (Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, George Duvivier) - 11:33
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone
Junior Mance - piano
Larry Gales - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis live albums
Johnny Griffin live albums
1965 albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Prestige Records live albums
Frank J. Warnke (May 18, 1933 September 23, 2011) was an American politician of who served in both chambers of the Washington State Legislature.
Early life and education
A Native American, Warnke was born in Harlem, Montana and raised in Auburn, Washington. After graduating from Auburn High School, studied political science at Central Washington University and the University of Washington. They later served in the United States Coast Guard and was stationed in Ketchikan, Alaska.
Career
After leaving the United States Coast Guard, Warnke worked for Boeing for 10 years. They were elected to the Washington House of Representatives in 1964.
Warnke served 12 years in the Washington House of Representatives for Washington's 30th legislative district and eight years in the Washington State Senate for Washington's 31st legislative district.
Warnke helped create the Public School Employees of Washington (PSE), a union for school district employees, and served 17 years as the organization's executive director. Warnke also drafted legislation to create the Auburn Game Farm Park in Auburn, Washington.
Personal life
Warnke and their wife, Beverly, had two children. They died in Auburn, Washington in 2011.
References
1933 births
2011 deaths
Washington (state) Democrats
20th-century American politicians
Washington (state) state senators
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Native American state legislators in Washington (state)
People from Blaine County, Montana
People from Auburn, Washington
Ozro John Dodds (March 22, 1840 – April 18, 1882) was an American lawyer and Civil War veteran who briefly served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1872 to 1873.
Early life, education and career
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Dodds attended the common schools, and Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, for four years.
Civil War
At the outbreak of the Civil War, they organized Captain Dodd's Miami University company and enlisted on April 18, 1861, as captain of Company B, Twentieth Ohio Volunteer Regiment.
They served as captain of Company F, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry from September 1, 1861, to January 1, 1863.
They became lieutenant colonel of the First Alabama Union Cavalry October 18, 1863.
Law degree
At the close of the war was given their degree from Miami University.
They studied law at Cincinnati Law School.
They were admitted to the bar in 1866 and commenced practice in Cincinnati.
Political career
They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1870 and 1871.
Congress
Dodds was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-second Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Aaron F. Perry and served from October 8, 1872, to March 3, 1873.
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1872.
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law at Cincinnati.
They died in Columbus, Ohio, April 18, 1882.
They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Legacy
Dodds Hall is a residence hall on the Miami University campus named in their memory.
External links
References
1840 births
1882 deaths
Politicians from Cincinnati
Miami University alumni
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Union Army officers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Clandestine is a 1982 crime novel by American author James Ellroy. Set in 1951, the protagonist is ambitious LAPD Officer Fred Underhill. Ellroy dedicated Clandestine, "to Penny Nagler".
Underhill is a young cop on the rise working out of the Wilshire station. They cover the beat with their partner Herbert Lawton "Wacky" Walker, a World War II veteran with a Medal of Honor, a drinking problem, and an obsession with death. Underhill and Walker discover the mutilated and strangled corpse of a young secretary. The trail leads to other murders, new and old, and a beautiful crippled district attorney named Lorna Weinberg.
Several characters from Ellroy's later L.A. Quartet series first appear here, including police lieutenant Dudley Smith, Michael Breuning, and Richard Carlisle.
Clandestine earned Ellroy an Edgar Award nomination from Mystery Writers of America in 1982.
References
1982 American novels
Novels by James Ellroy
American crime novels
Novels set in the 1950s
Novels set in Los Angeles
Avon (publisher) books
Sibiraea is a genus of flowering plants of the family Rosaceae, disjunctly found in the Balkans, Central Asia, and China. The type species is Sibiraea laevigata, which is occasionally cultivated as an ornamental garden plant.
Species
Some authorities feel that there are insufficient differences between the described species, and that they should all be collapsed into Sibiraea laevigata. Species currently accepted by The Plant List, are as follows:
Sibiraea angustata (Rehder) Hand.-Mazz.
Sibiraea glaberrima K.S.Hao
Sibiraea laevigata (L.) Maxim.
Sibiraea tianschanica (Krasn.) Pojark.
Sibiraea tomentosa Diels
References
Rosaceae genera
Spiraeeae
Approximately 30,000 land mines were laid in the British overseas territory of the Falkland Islands by Argentinian forces following their 1982 invasion. Some of the mines were cleared immediately following the successful British operation to retake the islands, but following a series of accidents, demining operations ceased. In the following years the mine fields were fenced off and, with human access limited, became havens for Falklands flora and the native penguin population. The British government ratified the Ottawa Treaty in 1998 that required the removal of all mines within its territory. Demining operations, which had to be carried out by hand due to the climate and local condition, restarted in 2009. The last mines were cleared in October 2020.
Background
Argentinian forces invaded the Falkland Islands, a British overseas territory located in the South Atlantic, in April 1982. British forces retook the islands by 14 June in the Falklands War. One of the first actions taken by the Argentinians after the invasion was to lay mine fields to assist in the defence of the islands. Despite rumours that land mines were scattered randomly by helicopter, the majority of the mine fields seem to have been laid in a professional manner and the locations of individual mines recorded. Approximately 30,000 land mines – of which there were at least 20,000 anti-personnel mines and 5,000 anti-tank devices – were laid in 146 separate mine fields. The mine fields were focused around Stanley and Goose Green on East Falkland and Port Howard and Fox Bay on West Falkland.
The United Nations declares that nine different land mines were laid on the Falkland Islands. The anti-tank mines were the Israeli No. 6; the Italian SB-81; the Argentinian FMK-3; the Spanish C-3-A/B and the American M1A1. The anti-personnel mines were the Israeli No. 4; the Italian SB-33; the Argentinian FMK-1 and the Spanish P-4-B. The SB-33 mine has been described as particularly widespread. During demining work a tenth type of land mine was recovered, this was an Argentinean-manufactured copy of the M1A1.
One of the most heavily mined areas was Surf Beach, located just to the north of the capital Stanley, where 1,000 mines were laid just to the rear of the beach. Much of Stanley Common, a public access area, was also mined and remained out of use for many years. One abandoned building, located near the Murrell Peninsula minefield, was suspected of being booby-trapped and fenced off. During the demining operation at least six improvised booby traps were recovered, consisting of tripwires connected to TNT charges.
Demining
Initial efforts
Initial demining efforts by British and Argentinian engineers began in the weeks following the British victory. The mine fields around Goose Green, site of a major engagement in the war, were cleared by the end of 1982. Accidents resulted in six deaths or serious injuries amongst the demining teams and, with many of the mine fields located in non-essential areas, the demining operation was halted in 1983, as the small benefit gained was not considered to be worth the risk. At this point some 20–25,000 land mines remained, split across 117 mine fields.
Many of the mines laid were well preserved and remained active and dangerous for decades. Around 80% of mines were in sandy or peat areas and so individual mines, which could have moved from the location originally laid, were hard to spot. The mine fields were signed and fenced, maps were issued and all visitors to the islands briefed on the dangers. As human access had been prevented to these areas they became de facto nature reserves, popular with Magellanic and gentoo penguins who were not heavy enough to trigger the mines. Native flora also thrived in the mine fields. The UK government stated that the socio-economic impact of the land mines on the Falklands was negligible. No civilians, not involved in mine clearing work, have ever been wounded by land mines in the Falklands.
Later clearing
The United Kingdom ratified the Ottawa Treaty that prohibits manufacture and use of land mines on 31 July 1998. The treaty required that the UK clear all land mines from its territories by 1 March 2009. Many of the Falkland Islanders opposed the demining operation. They stated that as the mine fields were clearly marked and there was little demand for the land it would be more cost effective and better for the environment for the mines to remain. There were fears that opening up the mine fields to tourists and farmers would lead to habitat destruction. Some islanders supported the resumption of demining work as it would allow once popular beaches to return to use.
The Falkland Islands lost their air link to South America, provided through Chile, in March 1999 following the October 1998 arrest of former Chilean president Augusto Pinochet in London. The British subsequently engaged with the Argentine government to improve co-operation in the South Atlantic and, on 14 July 1999, issued the Anglo-Argentine Joint Statement. Under the agreement the Argentines arranged for the air link to Chile to be restored (with occasional flights to Argentina also) in return for the British allowing visits to the Falklands Islands by Argentine nationals. The statement also specified that Argentina and Britain would jointly investigate the removal of mines from the territory. This measure was opposed by the Falklands Islands Government as it would require an Argentine presence on the island.
Britain and Argentina reiterated their commitment to carry out a joint feasibility study on demining in 2001 and 2006. This study was presented to the 2008 Ottawa Treaty Conference in Jordan. The British government commenced unilateral demining operations in 2009. The demining operation was funded by the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The Ottawa demining deadline was subsequently amended, at the request of the British government, to 1 March 2019 and then to 1 June 2021, due to the high cost and slow outputs of clearance work.
Methodology
Owing to the climate, ground conditions and detectability most of the clearance was carried out by specialist civilian deminers manually prodding the ground. The SB-33 mine in particular is described as "almost impossible to detect by any means", owing to its largely plastic construction. In some instances remote controlled mine flails were used to verify that areas were clear of mines, as at Goose Green where manual verification proved difficult. Windy weather prevented the use of mine-detecting rats as had been trialled successfully in Mozambique and Tanzania. Recovered mines are made safe or else disposed of by controlled explosion or burning in small batches.
The manual clearing processes commenced in 2009 with Dynasafe-Bactec (renamed Safelane Global in 2018) carrying out the clearance work and Fenix Insight conducting quality, safety, environmental and progress monitoring. More than 100 demining team members, largely Zimbabwean, were involved in the operation, each working for six-hour days in which they cleared around 5 linear metres (16 feet) of a mine field each. Argentinian mine-laying records and maps created by the British Army's Royal Engineers after the war were used to guide the demining operation. The Argentinian records are not entirely reliable, as they were made at a time of great activity on the Falklands and later translated from Spanish by the British Army. Records for mine fields on West Falkland were less complete than those on East Falkland and many required additional intensive surveys to determine the extent and density of mines. Once a mine field was cleared the warning signs were removed and, in most cases, the fences pulled down. After clearance the land was restored, as near as possible, to its previous condition.
One area that proved difficult to clear was Yorke Bay where sand dunes had progressed across the mine field, shifting mines or burying them deeply. This area required large scale excavation and sifting with armoured machinery. Works were carried out in the winter to minimise disruption to the penguin population, who spend that season at sea.
Progress
Early operations were largely focused on the mine fields closest to Stanley, many of which were on public-access recreation land. By 2016 the teams had cleared 30 mine fields, removing 4,000 anti-personnel and 1,000 anti-tank mines, which allowed of land to be returned to use. By this point all mine fields adjacent to main roads, at risk from errant vehicles, had been cleared.
During the 2016/17 season, seven teams cleared 3,000 anti-personnel and 150 anti-tank mines from 47 mine fields. By December 2017 70% of all known land mines had been removed. In the same year the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Ministry of Defence committed a further £20 million of funding for future clearance works, the works had cost £16 million up to that point. One of the demining operatives was injured by an explosion on 27 February 2017 after hitting the side of a mine with a tool. They avoided serious injury, only requiring stitches to their hand and a finger.
In February 2018 Goose Green became the first settlement on the islands to be fully cleared of mines. At the end of 2018 some 35 areas remained to be cleared. These comprised 27 known mine fields (totalling ) and 8 areas suspected to be mined but where an additional technical survey was required (). The expected completion date for demining operations was March 2020, though this was later extended to December 2020 after removal operations were hindered by the COVID-19 pandemic. The last land mines were lifted in October 2020 and a celebratory event to mark the occasion took place in November 2020 at Yorke Bay, which was the final area to be cleared. During that event the last recovered land mines were ceremonially detonated.
The British Foreign Office announced on 10 November 2020 that, as the removal of the final land mines was completed, the country had now fulfilled its obligations under the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention, with no known land mines remaining on any British soil. After completion of the works the UK committed to provide £36 million to fund land mine clearance in other countries, including Zimbabwe. In November 2020 the Argentine government criticised the British operation, claiming that it was a violation of the 1976 United National General Assembly resolution 31/49 that called upon the two countries to "refrain from taking decisions that would imply introducing unilateral modifications in the situation". Argentina had previously raised formal complaints at the annual Ottawa Convention regarding the British operation.
References
Falkland Islands
Aftermath of the Falklands War
Dave is a British free-to-air television channel owned by UKTV, a subsidiary of BBC Studios. It broadcasts mainly comedy, with some factual programming. The channel took the name Dave in October 2007, but it had been on air under various identities and formats since October 1998.
History
UK Gold Classics and UK Gold 2 (1998–2003)
UK Gold Classics, UKTV's first digital-only channel, was launched on 2 October 1998 and was only broadcast from Friday to Sunday on Sky Digital from 6.00 pm to 2.00 am. Around this time, UK Gold began to move towards newer programmes instead of older ones; the 'classics' line-up included a number of early shows, including some black-and-white programmes, which had been acquired in the early years of the UK Gold service. They also showed some recent shows from the main channel, but the main purpose of the channel was older shows from the early years of UK Gold. On weekdays, the channel was off air, showing a still caption of all the UKTV channels and start-up times.
The 'Classics' format lasted just six months; the channel ended on 28 March 1999, and from 2 April 1999, the channel was renamed to UK Gold 2, and screened morning programmes from UK Gold time-shifted to the evening of the same day instead of classic shows.
UK G² and UKTV G2 (2003–2007)
The channel was relaunched with a completely new programme line-up and renamed UK G² on 12 November 2003. It was promoted as being an edgier alternative to UK Gold; like that channel, the output was mainly comedy series from the BBC with some shows produced in-house. A fair amount was similar to the comedy output of UK Play/Play UK before that channel's closure; however, unlike Play, the channel did not include music videos.
Along with the rest of the UKTV network, the "UK" prefix was changed to "UKTV" on 8 March 2004 and therefore, the channel name changed to UKTV G2.
Initially, the channel broadcast in the evenings only, but during the 'G2' era, the decision was made to expand hours into the daytime; to expand the programming line-up, comedy was joined by popular-factual and magazine shows which were already running on UKTV People (then Blighty, now Drama) such as Top Gear and Airport.
G2 programming
On 7 October 2005, it was announced that they would show sports programming. This new line-up was called UKTV Sport and included a new show by the same name. UKTV Sport also had its own logo and DOG. There was talk that this could lead to a channel but it never happened.
In February 2006, they obtained the rights to show highlights of the RBS Six Nations rugby union championship, with a highlights show broadcast on the evening of the games previously shown live on the BBC. On 16 March 2006, they announced a deal to air extensive coverage of the 2006 FIFA World Cup as a sub-licensing of the BBC's rights to the tournament. UKTV G2 simulcast the BBC's live matches, including the opening match between Germany and Costa Rica, England's game with Paraguay and the final. The channel also showed highlights of every match in the tournament.
In April 2006, the channel acquired the rights to the quarter-finals of Euroleague Basketball and in August, UKTV G2 also picked up rights to the 2006 FIBA World Championship, forming the programme 'UKTV Slam'.
Dave and Freeview launch (2007–present)
In September 2007, UKTV announced that they would relaunch and rename UKTV G2 as Dave on 15 October. UKTV said the name of the channel was chosen because "everyone knows a bloke called Dave". The concept and branding was the work of Red Bee Media. The rebranding included the channel being available free-to-air on digital terrestrial platform, Freeview, replacing UKTV Bright Ideas which only averaged 0.1% of the audience share. The move to Freeview saw Dave launch in the bandwidth previously used by UKTV History which was moved to the time limited (7.00 am to 6.00 pm) bandwidth once occupied by UKTV Bright Ideas. Dave is available daily, from 7.00 am to 4.00 am, on all platforms. It uses the tagline "the home of witty banter" and uses Ralph Ineson as an announcer, along with David Flynn, Phill Jupitus, Iain Lee and BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James.
To ensure that all Freeview viewers received Dave on channel number 19, UKTV briefly placed a re-tuning notice on the programme's information. In September 2012, it changed to channel number 12.
From 31 January 2008, the channel began broadcasting in widescreen, along with the other UKTV channels.
In April 2009, they aired three new instalments of Red Dwarf, entitled Back to Earth. This marked the channel's first foray into scripted original programming. During the airing of the Red Dwarf mini-series, the Dave DOG in the top left corner of the screen had the word 'Lister' added after it in the same font, after the show's lead character; during the special it is even suggested that the station is named after him. Back to Earth brought record breaking viewing figures, not just in the context of the channel's past, but for digital television in general. Subsequently, three full series of Red Dwarf have been produced for Dave which aired in 2012, 2016 and 2017, along with a feature-length special in 2020.
In June 2009, the logo was updated to incorporate the 'circle' logo branding of all the new UKTV channels (for example Home, GOLD and Really). At the same time, the voice of Dave became Nigel Grover, aka Scott Saunders, who had previously worked at a number of local radio stations. On 29 April 2014, the 'circle' logo was removed and the original 2007 logo was restored.
In June 2019, Dave moved to channel 19 on Freeview, a space previously occupied by Yesterday, due to its owner BBC Studios (which currently assumes full control of UKTV), breaking up its joint venture with Discovery, Inc., with Discovery acquiring Good Food, Home and Really from the network.
Subsidiary channels
Dave ja vu
Alongside the main channel, a time shift channel is also operated: Dave Ja Vu. Corresponding to the name on the main channel, it shows all programming from the channel one hour later. The channel originally launched on 1 November 2004 as UKTV G2 +1 on Sky Digital and Telewest.
As UKTV G2 at the time was a primetime service, the timeshift also operated in the evenings only, using the satellite and cable capacity which, during daytime, was used by the now-defunct UKTV Bright Ideas. The sharing arrangement meant that when UKTV G2's hours extended into daytime, the timeshift remained evenings-only.
At the time of the Dave relaunch, UKTV Bright Ideas closed, freeing up the space to allow UKTV G2 +1 to expand its hours to follow those of the parent channel fully; due to the main channel's relaunch as Dave, UKTV G2 +1 became Dave +1. From 22 January 2009, following UKTV's acquisition of a further Freeview broadcast slot, Dave +1 was made available on the digital terrestrial platform.
On 24 February 2009, Dave +1 was renamed Dave ja vu (a play on the phrase déjà vu) on all platforms; this was carried out to "strengthen the brand's positioning as the home of witty banter" according to UKTV bosses.
On 14 June 2011, UKTV announced that Really would launch on Freeview on 2 August 2011, to facilitate this Dave ja vu's broadcast hours on the platform were reduced from 8.00 am-4.00 am to 2.00 am-4.00 am. On 22 November 2012, UKTV confirmed that it had secured a deal for another 24-hour DTT slot and would use it for Dave ja vu until it firmed up permanent plans for the slot. Dave ja vu began to broadcast its full schedule on the platform again from 3 January 2013. Drama permanently took the slot from 8 July 2013, however Dave ja vu continued to broadcast between 2.00 am-5.00 am.
On 20 November 2014, Dave ja vu returned to 24-hour broadcasting.
After UKTV bought CCXTV, they swapped the channel numbers around on Freeview, so Dave ja vu ended up on channel 23, whilst CCXTV ended up on Freeview 73.
After the relaunch of BBC Three (and with BBC Four in Scotland taking the next slot) Dave ja vu moved down to channel 25, until March 2022, when UKTV revealed that it would be going back to the 70s section on the Freeview EPG as the channel number was used by UKTV for their female skewing W channel. From 28 March 2022, Dave Ja Vu took Drama+1's slot on Freeview 74, with that one-hour timeshift of Drama moving up to channel 60.
Dave HD
On 29 July 2011, UKTV announced that it had secured a deal with BSkyB to launch three more high-definition channels on Sky. As part of Virgin Media's deal to sell its share of UKTV, all five of UKTV's HD channels would also be added to Virgin's cable television service by 2012. Dave HD launched on 10 October 2011 on Sky and Virgin Media, two days before Watch HD, while Alibi HD launched in July 2012. All three channels are HD simulcasts of the standard-definition channel. Dave HD along with Good Food HD and Eden HD launched on BT TV on 3 October 2016.
Reception
Within just one month of its launch, Dave had become the tenth largest television channel in the UK. The broadcaster puts daily averages at around 3 million viewers, although, much of the growth may be attributed to its presence on Freeview; nonetheless, it is performing significantly better in pay TV homes than UKTV G2 ever did. Over the month since its launch, Dave averaged a 1.32% share in multichannel homes and a 3.2% share in the 16–34 male demographic.
Dave's positive reception is proven by an attraction of 4 million viewers throughout 18 November 2007 for its coverage of "Car of the Year", pushing it to second place in multichannel behind ITV2.
The first episode of Red Dwarf: Back to Earth attracted 2,060,000 viewers on the first viewing, though over 4 million viewed the episode at some point over its debut weekend. The highest rating original commission before this had been Red Bull X-Fighters (about 185,000).
Programming
Current 'Made for Dave' UKTV Originals
Previous 'Made for Dave' UKTV Originals
Current reruns and imports
Sport
From 2008 to 2010, Dave showed highlights of the World Rally Championship.
On 6 January 2016, UKTV announced that Dave would show its first-ever live sporting event with a boxing match between David Haye and Mark de Mori at the O2 Arena on 16 January 2016 produced by Salter Brothers Entertainment.
In late May 2016, Dave broadcast full live coverage of the 2016 BDO World Trophy darts tournament.
In July 2016, Dave covered cricket's Caribbean Premier League. It broadcast five matches live, including the final and showed the other games in full on a delayed basis.
In 2017, Dave started broadcasting live MMA with promotion BAMMA.
Films
In early 2016, Dave aired western films during the daytime. Dave mostly show films on Friday and Saturday nights, with Friday being a repeat of the film that was shown on a Saturday. In 2019, Dave showed a season of Quentin Tarantino movies. As of 2021, most of the films that are shown on Dave are sourced from the Columbia Pictures archive.
Previous
Dave Weekly podcast
In August 2011, Dave launched a regular comedy podcast called The Dave Weekly hosted on joindave.co.uk and accessible via iTunes. Presented by Ben Shires, the podcast comprises interviews with comedians such as Russell Kane, Jo Brand, Adam Buxton, Paul Foot and Alex Horne along with occasional features.
References
External links
Television channels and stations established in 1998
UKTV
UKTV channels
1998 establishments in the United Kingdom
Ramón González Peña (1888 – 27 July 1952) was an Asturian socialist and trade union leader. González was a prominent leader in the 1934 miners revolt in Asturias, under which they led the Oviedo Revolutionary Committee. After the revolt, they were sentenced to death. One year later, however, they were reprieved. González served as the president of Unión General de Trabajadores, in which they were in conflict with Largo Caballero. They were also a Member of Parliament and was the Minister of Justice 1938–1939. After the Spanish Civil War González Peña went to exile in Mexico, where they died on 27 July 1952.
References
1888 births
1952 deaths
People from Oviedo (Asturian comarca)
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Justice ministers of Spain
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Second Spanish Republic
Politicians from Asturias
Unión General de Trabajadores members
Spanish prisoners sentenced to death
Prisoners sentenced to death by Spain
Spanish people of the Spanish Civil War (Republican faction)
Exiles of the Spanish Civil War in Mexico
Exiled Spanish politicians
Frontier Economics (Frontier) is a microeconomics consultancy providing economics advice to public and private sector clients on matters of competition policy, public policy, regulation, business strategy and behavioural economics. The Frontier Economics network consists of separate companies based in Europe (Berlin, Brussels, Cologne, Dublin, London, Madrid and Paris) and Australia (Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane) & Singapore.
Main competitors are CRA, Compass Lexecon, Cornerstone Research, FTI Consulting, NERA, Oxera and RBB Economics.
Frontier Economics Ltd was ranked among the top 25 European consulting firms to work for in a branche-internal survey by Vault.com in 2017. Frontier was also ranked among the 30 best places to work in the UK Great Place to Work survey in 2013. This was the fifth time Frontier made the top 50.
History
Frontier Economics Ltd was formed in June 1999 as an employee-owned company with around 25 consultants. The first board of directors consisted of Simon Gaysford, Zoltan Biro, Philip Burns, Dan Elliott and Michael Webb, with Sarah Hogg as the chairperson of the board. George Adams and Julia Chain were also non-executive directors. Lord Gus O'Donnell, former Cabinet Secretary, joined Frontier as a senior advisor in 2012.[1] They took over from Sarah Hogg as chairperson of Frontier in 2013.[2] In 2016, George Adams stepped down as a non-executive director, and later in 2017 Javier Marin Romano was appointed as a non-executive director. The company currently employs over 350 staff across its European offices. In 2003, Frontier created a German office in Cologne, followed by the opening of the office in Brussels in 2006–2007 and Madrid in 2008. The Dublin office was established in 2011, followed by a presence in Paris in 2013 (later becoming an office in 2017) and Berlin in 2017.
Frontier Economics Pty Ltd was formed in Australia in May 1999 by Danny Price (managing director), Philip Williams and David Briggs. In 2016, the company opened an office in Singapore. The company currently employs around 30 consultants across offices in Australia and Singapore. In April 2015, Stephen Gray became chairperson of Frontier Economics Pty Ltd. Current directors include Danny Price, Stephen Gray and Andrew Harpham.
References
Economics consulting firms
Sippe is German for "clan, kindred, extended family" (Frisian Sibbe, Norse Sifjar).
It continues a Proto-Germanic term *sebjō, which referred to a band or confederation bound by a treaty or oath, not primarily restricted to blood relations. The original character of sibb as a peace treaty is visible in Old English, e.g. in Beowulf (v. 1858):
hafast þû gefêred, þæt þâm folcum sceal,Geáta leódum ond Gâr-Denumsib gemæne ond sacu restan.The Sippe came to be a cognatic, extended family unit, exactly analogous to the Scottish/Irish sept.
Most of the information left about the nature and role of the Sippe is found in records left by the Lombards, Alamanni, and Bavarians. One of the functions of the Sippe was regulating use of forests. The average Sippe likely contained no more than 50 families. The Sippe'' seems to have been absorbed into the monogamous family later on; P.D. King asserts that this was already the case among the Visigoths during the time of the Visigothic Kingdom.
See also
Band (anthropology)
Consanguinity
Germanic tribes
Kinship
List of Germanic peoples
Mund (in law)
Norse clans
Sibling
Sif, a Norse goddess thought to personify the concept
Sippenhaft
Footnotes
Early Germanic law
Family in early Germanic culture
Lists of ancient Indo-European peoples and tribes
Clans
Seigenthaler is a surname that may refer to:
John Seigenthaler (1927–2014), an American journalist, writer, and political figure
Wikipedia Seigenthaler biography incident, a hoax about the above
John Seigenthaler (anchor) (born 1955), an American news anchor
Joseph Seigenthaler (born 1959), an American sculptor and video artist
Benjamin George Bowden (3 June 1906 – 6 March 1998) was a British industrial designer, who is known mostly for their work on automobiles and bicycles. Bowden designed the coachwork of Healey's Elliott, an influential British sports car. They were also the designer of the Spacelander, a space-age bicycle which was commercially unsuccessful when in production, but has since become a collector's item.
Early life and career
Bowden was born in North Kensington, London on 3 June 1906. They received violin training at Guildhall, and completed a course in engineering at Regent Street Polytechnic.
Automobile design
In 1925 Bowden began working as an automobile designer for the Rootes Group. By the late 1930s, Bowden was chief body engineer for the Humber car factory in Coventry. During World War II, they designed an armored car which was used by Winston Churchill and George VI.
In 1945, they left the Rootes Group and formed their own design studio in Leamington Spa with partner John Allen. The studio was one of the first such design firms formed in Britain.
Bowden designed the body of Healey's Elliott, which, in 1947, was the first British car to break the 100 mph barrier. Working with Achille Sampietro who created the chassis, Bowden drew the initial design for the auto directly onto the walls of their house. Shortly before their departure to the United States Bowden penned a sketch design for a two-seater sports racing prototype, the Zethrin Rennsport, being developed by Val Zethrin. This used the same wheelbase as the short-chassis Squire Sports, and was dressed in a contemporary all-enveloping streamlined body. This design theme was carried through to their subsequent work on the early Chevrolet Corvette and Ford Thunderbird.
Bicycle design
The Classic
For the 1946 exhibition Britain Can Make It, Bowden submitted a design for a highly streamlined bicycle which they named the Classic. The bicycle was constructed of pressed aluminium and featured a driveshaft and a hub dynamo that stored energy when riding downhill and gave a boost when riding uphill. Although the bicycle's unusual appearance created substantial public interest initially, British bicycle makers were reluctant to invest in the high degree of re-tooling needed to manufacture the bicycle. In 1949 Bowden pursued the possibility of having the Classic manufactured in South Africa, but, according to Bowden, abrupt changes in South African import policy prevented that plan from materializing.
The Spacelander
In 1952 Bowden emigrated to Windsor, Ontario before moving to the United States. While in Muskegon, Michigan in 1959, they met with Joe Kaskie, of the George Morrell Corporation, a custom molding company. Kaskie suggested molding the bicycle in fibreglass instead of aluminium. Although they retained the futuristic appearance of the Classic, Bowden abandoned the hub dynamo, and replaced the drive-train with a more common sprocket-chain assembly. The new name, Spacelander, was chosen to capitalize on interest in the Space Race. Financial troubles from the distributor forced Bowden to rush development of the Spacelander, which was released in 1960 in five colours: Charcoal Black, Cliffs of Dover White, Meadow Green, Outer Space Blue, and Stop Sign Red. The bicycle was priced at $89.50, which made it one of the more expensive bicycles on the market. In addition, the fibreglass frame was relatively fragile, and its unusual nature made it difficult to market to established bicycle distributors. Only 522 Spacelander bicycles were shipped before production was halted, although more complete sets of parts were manufactured.
Bowden designed a third iteration of the bicycle, called the 300, but only a small number of prototypes were ever made.
Beginning in the 1980s, there was a resurgence of interest in the Spacelander as a collectors item. Two bicycle enthusiasts, John Howland and Michael Kaplan, purchased the rights to the Spacelander name from Bowden, and have manufactured a small number of reproductions and replacement parts. The first reproduction was sold in 1988 for $4,000. The reproduction's design has been modified to improve durability.
References
British automobile designers
People from Notting Hill
1906 births
1998 deaths
British cycle designers
Blast of Silence is a 1961 American neo-noir written, directed by, and starring Allen Baron. The film also stars Molly McCarthy, Larry Tucker, and Peter Clume. It was produced by Merrill Brody, who was also the cinematographer.
Plot
Frankie Bono, a mentally disturbed hitman from Cleveland, comes back to their hometown in New York City during Christmas week to kill a middle-management mobster, Troiano. The assassination will be risky, with Frankie being warned by a fellow enforcer that should they be spotted before the hit is performed, the contract will be reneged.
First, Frankie follows their target to select the best possible location, but opts to wait until Troiano isn't being accompanied by their bodyguards. Next, they go to purchase a revolver from Big Ralph, an obese gun runner who keeps sewer rats as pets. The encounter with this old acquaintance leaves Frankie feeling disgusted. With several days left before the hit is to be performed, Frankie decides to kill time in the city, where they are plagued by memories of past trauma during their time living there.
While sitting alone for a drink, Frankie is spotted by their childhood friend Petey, who invites the reluctant Frankie to a Christmas party, where Frankie later encounters their old flame, Lori. The following day Frankie goes to see Lori at their apartment to get better reacquainted with her, but the visit ends in disaster when an initially vulnerable Frankie suddenly attempts to sexually assault them Lori forgives Frankie for their actions and calmly asks them to leave, to which they oblige.
That same day, Frankie tails Troiano and their mistress to a jazz club in Greenwich Village. However, they are spotted by Big Ralph, who decides to blackmail Frankie out of the hit. In turn, Frankie stalks Ralph back to their tenement and strangles them to death following a violent brawl between the two. Losing their nerve, Frankie calls up their employers to tell them they want to quit the job. Unsympathetic, the supervisor tells them they are in trouble for even thinking that and that they have until New Year's Eve to perform the hit.
Having settled on using the apartment of Troiano's mistress as the location for the murder, Frankie makes one last stop at Lori's home to both apologize for their behavior and to convince them to leave New York with him, only to learn they have a live-in boyfriend. Frankie leaves angrily to finish the job. Later, having successfully killed their target, Frankie narrowly evades being caught by Troiano's mistress via the rooftops before making their way to the docks to receive their payment. However, the meetup is revealed to be an ambush setup by their supervisors and Frankie is riddled with bullets. They attempt to swim ashore with their remaining strength but succumbs to their wounds, dying alone in the muddy banks of the river.
Production notes
According to Turner Classic Movies web site, the "fist fight" scene was filmed on Long Island during Hurricane Donna (September 10–12, 1960), the only hurricane of the 20th century to blanket the entire East Coast from south Florida to Maine. The narration was written by blacklisted Waldo Salt (using the name Mel Davenport) and read (uncredited) by blacklisted Lionel Stander.
Release
Blast of Silence was released in Chicago on June 5, 1961.
The Criterion Collection released Blast of Silence on DVD in 2008. The disc's special features include a new, restored digital transfer, a making-of featurette (Requiem for a Killer: The Making of Blast of Silence), rare on-set Polaroid photos, and images of locations as they existed in 2008. Also included is a booklet featuring an essay by film critic Terrence Rafferty and a four-page comic by Sean Phillips (Criminal, Sleeper, Marvel Zombies).
Reception
Eugene Archer, of The New York Times, wrote that the film was "awkward and pretentious" due to the film trying to hew to American conventions of filmmaking while also attempting to be "offbeat and 'arty'", although Archer praised the filming of places in New York City.
Janet Graves in Photoplay concluded that the "unpretentious air" clashes with the style of the narrator, described by the writer as "both fancy and too-too tough".
Richard Brody, in The New Yorker, wrote "many of the images deserve to be iconic."
J. R. Jones in Chicago Reader felt that the film "might seem comical if it weren't so rooted in existential dread."
References
External links
Joe Dante on Blast of Silence at Trailers From Hell
Blast of Silence: Bad Trip an essay by Terrence Rafferty at the Criterion Collection
1961 films
1960s crime thriller films
American black-and-white films
American crime thriller films
Film noir
Films about contract killing
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York (state)
American Christmas films
Universal Pictures films
American neo-noir films
1961 directorial debut films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Elixier is a German musical that premiered in 1997 in Leipzig, Germany under the direction of . The music was written by Tobias Künzel and Wolfgang Lenk (Die Prinzen), with lyrics by Kati Naumann.
Plot
The musical is set in 1978. In East Germany, in an industrial city, a young chemist, David, sits working. They live only for science. They must find a formula for the acquisition of eternal youth. They do not notice how their friend Hagen uses and deceives him. Then David meets and falls in love with the dancer, Betti. Hagen also is interested in Betti, but the girl is fascinated by David's intelligence and innocence and returns their love. David searches for the elixir now to ensure that Betti's youth and beauty will never fade. When David encounters surprising research results, they are ready to try the potion together with Betti. But the potion fails, their problems overwhelm them, and they lose sight of each other.
Almost twenty years later, much has changed in the city. The clever Hagen has become the chief partner in the chemistry enterprise. David is their employee, and the partners and employees are set against each other. A youthful Betti appears, and the old charm is again there. But the mysterious Betti disappears again, as quickly as they had arrived. David sinks into their memories of earlier times. Hagen has also recognized Betti. Did the elixir work? Will Betti forgive David or choose Hagen?
External links
the Musical's website, in German
Cast recording available
Original cast recording
1997 musicals
German musicals
Plays set in Germany
Steve "Blast" Wills is an American, St. Louis, Missouri, born record producer and music publisher, recognised for their production work for urban artists Nelly, Chingy and Murphy Lee. They own the urban music publisher Blast Music Publishing.  They are known as one of the originators of the "St. Louis Bounce" sound which was popularized in hip hop music and videos in the first decade of the 2000s.
Biography
Wills first recognised for their production skills when, at the age of 14, they produced demos for two local acts that went on to win first and second place in a high school talent show. Their contribution to their success was acknowledged when the winning two groups thanked Wills on stage in front of over 2,500 people. After that Wills became the "go-to guy for production and songs".
The name 'Blast' came from when a local group Wills regularly worked with publicly gave props to "Stevie Blast" for the "explosive" tracks they had just created for them.
Wills has said that their chief ambition was not to be a famous producer but a wealthy business person, telling HitQuarters, "I always wanted to be ... the guy with the mansion and the yacht." At the start of their career the business they planned to make their fortune from was music publishing.
As "business people that pioneered eras of urban music with no blueprint and still found success and acceptance", Wills credits L.A. Reid, Russell Simmons and Berry Gordy as inspirational figures on their career.
In 2000, Wills produced the single "Batter Up" for Nelly's Billboard 200 topping debut album Country Grammar.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Record producers from Missouri
American hip hop record producers
The Six Heretical Teachers, Six Heretics, Six Śramaṇa, or Six Tirthikas (false teachers) were six sectarian contemporaries of Gautama Buddha (Śākyamuni), each of whom held a view in opposition to their teachings. Except for Nigantha Nataputta or Mahavira, the twenty-fourth Tirthankara Of Jainism, the other five heretical teachers were regarded as the holders of some or other form of Akiriyavada views.
In Buddhist tradition, they were defeated by Buddha in the miracle contest known as the Twin Miracle.
The six heretics and their views on Indian philosophy are described in detail in the Samaññaphala Sutta of the Digha Nikaya in the Pali Tipitaka.
Background
According to the sutra, King Ajātasattu visited Gautama Buddha, who, at the time, was living in the mango grove of Jīvaka in Rajagaha among 1250 bhikkhus. The king posed the Buddha the question of whether or not it was possible that the life of a śramaṇa could bear fruit in the same way as the lives of craftsmen bear fruit, declaring that they had previously asked six teachers (Pūraṇa Kassapa, Makkhali Gosāla, Ajita Kesakambala, Pakudha Kaccāyana, Nigaṇṭha Nāṭaputta and Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta) the same question, yet had not found a satisfactory answer. At the Buddha's request, King Ajātasattu describes, the answers given to them by the six other teachers.
The names below are provided in Sanskrit, with the equivalent Pali names given in parentheses.
Pūrṇa Kāśyapa (Pūraṇa Kassapa)
The first spiritual teacher to whom Ajātasattu posed their question was Pūraṇa Kassapa. Kassapa posited the theory of akiriyāvāda (non-doing): actions considered good and evil carried no inherent morality and thus there exists no future consequence from committing either "good" or "evil" deeds.
Maskarī Gośālīputra (Makkhali Gosāla)
Makkhali Gosala, the second teacher visited by Ajātasattu, subscribed to the doctrine of non-causality; the attainment of any condition is dependent on circumstance, fate, or nature rather than human will and events lack in root cause. Like Kassapa, Gosāla denied the existence of karma and vipaka. This doctrine has been likened to fatalism and determinism. Their theory is also called the theory of causelessness (ahetukavAda), the theory of natural purity (saMsArasuddhivAda).
Ajita Keśakambala (Ajita Kesakambala)
Ajita Kesakambala followed Gosāla as the third teacher mentioned by Ajātasattu.  They are thought to be a materialist (BhautikavAdi), nihilist (ücchedavAdi) and an exponent of non-efficacy of kamma (åkiriyavAdi). Kesakambala held that all in existence was merely the process of natural phenomena and vehemently denied the existence of any life after death; "A man is built up of the four elements', when they die, earth returns to the aggregate of earth, water to water, fire to fire, air to air, and the senses vanish into space."
Kakuda Kātyāyana (Pakudha Kaccāyana)
Pakudha Kaccāyana, the fourth teacher referred to by Ajātasattu, was an atomist who posited that all things were made up of earth, fire, air, water, pleasure, pain, and the soul, which were unchangeable and eternal. Thus objects, like living beings, composed of the elements are subject to change, while the elements themselves are absolutely fixed in their existences. Thus by this dualism view, actions are defined solely by the physical interaction between these substances, rather than the moral value ascribed to them.
Nirgrantha Jñatiputra (Nigaṇṭha Nāṭaputta)
Nigaṇṭha Nāṭaputta, a Jain monk Mahavira, was the fifth teacher who Ajātasattu questioned. Nāṭaputta answered Ajātasattu with a description of Jain teachings, which, unlike the previous teachers recognized morality and consequences in the afterlife. The philosophy of Nāṭaputta, however, varied from that of Buddha in its belief that involuntary actions, like voluntary actions, carry karmic weight; Buddhism holds that only actions with intention have the potential to generate karma.
Saṃjaya Vairāṣṭrikaputra (Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta)
Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta was the sixth and final teacher referenced by Ajātasattu .  They are said to have replied to King Ajātasattu as follows:
If you ask me whether there is another world, and if I thought there were, I would tell you so. But I do not say so. I do not say that it is thus or thus; I do not say that it is otherwise; I do not say that I deny it; I do not say that I do not deny it; I do not say that there is, there is not, is and is not, neither is nor is not, another world. If you ask me whether there are beings of spontaneous birth...whether there is any fruit, any result, of good or bad actions...whether a man who has won the truth continues to be after death... (The same answer is repeated after each of these problems as in the answer of the first question)
Belaṭṭhaputta did not provide Ajātasattu with a clear answer to their question one way or another, leading some scholars to align them with Ajñana, an agnostic school of Indian philosophy which held that metaphysical knowledge was impossible to obtain.
See also
Tirthika
References
Early Buddhism
Indian philosophy
Heresy in Buddhism
Martin Vaïsse (born 11 August 1987) is a French tennis player. Vaisse has a career high ATP singles ranking of 225, achieved on 22 September 2014. Vaïsse made their ATP main draw doubles debut at the 2013 Open 13 where they partnered Maxime Chazal but lost in the first round.
At the 2014 Open de Nice Côte d'Azur, Vaïsse qualified for the main draw defeating Ante Pavić, Albert Ramos and Sam Querrey before losing in the first round to compatriot Nicolas Mahut.
External links
1987 births
Living people
French male tennis players
David Levy (; born 26 January 1963 in Haifa) is an Israeli former professional association footballer who was part of the 1988–89 championship squad at Maccabi Haifa.
Biography
Early life
Levy joined the Maccabi Haifa youth system at age 9 as they lived very close to Kiryat Eliezer Stadium. Rising through the youth ranks, they were called up to the first team squad by then manager, Jonny Hardy.
References
External links
Profile and short biography of David Levy on Maccabi Haifa's official website
1963 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli footballers
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Hapoel Haifa F.C. players
Liga Leumit players
Footballers from Haifa
Association football defenders
Tiumpan Head (Scottish Gaelic:Rubha an Tiùmpain or Rudha an Tiùmpain) is the north-eastern end of the Point peninsula on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. Tiumpan Head Lighthouse has marked the western limit of The Minch since 1900.
Footnotes
Headlands of Scotland
Landforms of the Outer Hebrides
Capra is a genus of mammals, the goats, composed of up to nine species, including the markhor and many species known as ibexes. The domestic goat (Capra hircus) is a domesticated species derived from the wild goat (Capra aegagrus). Evidence of goat domestication dates back more than 8,500 years.
Wild goats are animals of mountain habitats. They are very agile and hardy, able to climb on bare rock and survive on sparse vegetation. They can be distinguished from the genus Ovis, which includes sheep, by the presence of scent glands close to the feet, in the groin, and in front of the eyes, and the absence of other facial glands, and by the presence of a beard in some specimens, and of hairless calluses on the knees of the forelegs.
The Rocky Mountain goat is in a separate genus, Oreamnos. Present-day genetic and phenotypic differences between the Capra species are largely related to (1) discontinuity of and impeded migration between Capra populations during glacial periods, and (2) insufficient time in the postglacial period for now-adjoining Capra populations to overcome behavioral mechanisms impeding hybridization in the wild so as to erase these differences.
Taxonomy
All members of the genus Capra are bovids (members of the family Bovidae), and more specifically caprines (subfamily Caprinae). As such they are ruminants, meaning they chew the cud, and have four-chambered stomachs which play a vital role in digesting, regurgitating, and redigesting their food.
The genus has sometimes been taken to include Ovis (sheep) and Ammotragus (Barbary sheep), but these are usually regarded as distinct genera, leaving Capra for ibexes. In this smaller genus, some authors have recognized only two species, the markhor on one side and all other forms included in one species on the other side. Today, nine species are usually accepted:
West Asian ibex (Capra aegagrus)
Bezoar ibex (Capra aegagrus aegagrus)
Sindh ibex (Capra aegagrus blythi)
West Caucasian tur (Capra caucasica)
East Caucasian tur (Capra cylindricornis)
Markhor (Capra falconeri)
Domestic goat (Capra hircus; includes feral goat, sometimes considered a subspecies of C. aegagrus)
Alpine ibex (Capra ibex)
Nubian ibex (Capra nubiana)
Spanish ibex (Capra pyrenaica)
Siberian ibex (Capra sibirica)
Walia ibex (Capra walie)
The goats of the genus Capra have complex systematic relationships, which are still not completely resolved. Recent studies based on mitochondrial DNA suggest that the Siberian ibex and the Nubian ibex represent distinct species, which are not very closely related to the physically similar Alpine ibex. The Alpine ibex forms a group with the Spanish ibex. The West Caucasian tur appears to be more closely related to the wild goat than to the East Caucasian tur. The markhor is relatively little separated from other forms—previously it had been considered to be a separate branch of the genus.
Almost all wild goat species are allopatric (geographically separated)—the only geographical overlaps are the wild goat (Capra hircus) with the East Caucasian tur (Capra caucasica cylindricornis), and the markhor (Capra falconeri) with the Siberian ibex (Capra siberica). In both cases, the overlapping species do not usually interbreed in the wild, but in captivity, all Capra species can interbreed, producing fertile offspring.
Species and subspecies
Domestication and uses
Along with sheep, goats were among the first domesticated animals. The domestication process started at least 10,000 years ago in what is now northern Iran. Easy human access to goat hair, meat, and milk were the primary motivations. Goat skins were popularly used until the Middle Ages for water and wine bottles when traveling and camping, and in certain regions as parchment for writing.
References
External links
Goats
Mammals of Asia
Mammals of Africa
Mammal genera
Extant Pleistocene first appearances
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Au Train Island is an island off the southern shore of Lake Superior. The island is located in Au Train Township, Alger County, Michigan. The island lies a little over a mile from the Upper Peninsula shoreline, adjacent to the community of Rock River. The island is off access to the public and is privately owned.
References
Islands of Lake Superior in Michigan
Alger County, Michigan
Private islands of Michigan
Private islands of the Great Lakes
Larry Forgione (born 1952) is a chef in the United States.  They are known for their work at the American Place restaurant in New York City and several notable chefs apprenticed with them (including Christina Machamer, David Shalleck, Melissa Kelly and Alexandra Guarnaschelli). Their son, Marc Forgione, has their own restaurant and competes on Iron Chef America.
Forgione was born on Long Island, New York, in 1952. They attended the Culinary Institute of America. They received an America's Best Chef recognition from the James Beard Foundation and Chef of the Year honors from the Culinary Institute of America.
Forgione cofounded American Spoon Foods, a specialty food maker in northern Michigan. Their An American Place Cookbook won the James Beard Award for Best American Cookbook.
Forgione's remake of Lord & Taylor Cafés into Signature Cafés (since rebranded as Lord & Taylor Signature) was part of the department store's 2003 restructuring.
On April 18, 2019, Forgione was found guilty of involuntary vehicular manslaughter in the city of Santa Barbara, CA. Forgione ran a red light and struck and killed 90-year-old Gilbert Ramirez (a World War Two vet) while Ramirez was legally crossing the street. On July 16, 2019, Forgione was sentenced to two months in jail.
References
American chefs
American male chefs
1952 births
Living people
Culinary Institute of America alumni
Culinary Institute of America people
James Beard Foundation Award winners
Grand Valley North Aerodrome is located north northwest of Grand Valley, Ontario, Canada.
See also
Grand Valley/Luther Field Aerodrome
Grand Valley (Madill Field) Aerodrome
Grand Valley (Martin Field) Aerodrome
Grand Valley (Black Field) Aerodrome
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Gurdybashevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Taktagulovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 105 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Gurdybashevo is located 27 km east of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mullanurovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Franz Kenneth Stahl (born October 30, 1961) is an American guitarist, best known for being a member of both the Washington, D.C. hardcore punk band Scream with their brother Pete Stahl, and the alternative rock band Foo Fighters.
Life and career
Franz and their brother Pete were raised in Bailey's Crossroads, Virginia, which they reference by putting the letters "BXR" in Scream's albums. Their father, Arnold, was a lawyer and also managed the DC rock band The Hangmen, who scored a regional hit with 1965's "What a Girl Can't Do". After learning guitar, Franz started playing in local Virginian bands with bassist Skeeter Thompson. In 1981, Franz and Thompson formed Scream in Alexandria, along with Pete and drummer Kent Stax.
After Scream broke up in 1990, Franz and Pete formed the band Wool, which released the album Box Set for London Records before breaking up in 1996. As Stahl visited a friend who was producing Japanese musician J, they found out that the drummer was fellow DC musician Scott Garrett, and that they needed a guitarist for the tour. Stahl accepted, and played around Japan as a member of J's backing band. During the tour, Stahl was invited by Grohl to replace the Foo Fighters' original guitarist Pat Smear, who had decided to leave the band. After the tour was finished, they flew in just two days before their debut performance at the Radio City Music Hall in September 1997, having just one day of rehearsal. Stahl started their Foo Fighters career with their hit "Everlong" from their second studio album, The Colour and the Shape.
Stahl performed on the track "A320", which was featured in Godzilla: The Album, and the re-recorded version of the Foo Fighters song "Walking After You", which was released as a single and is included on the soundtrack for The X-Files movie. Stahl also appeared in the music video for the Foo Fighters song "My Hero", even though they did not play on the recording. They were released from the band in 1999, before the recording of their third studio album, There Is Nothing Left to Lose, due to creative differences. Stahl still said their tenure in Foo Fighters was "the best two years of my life". After leaving, J invited Stahl back, and they remained as their guitarist for another seven years until 2005. In 2009, Franz was invited by Pete to play for Smith & Pyle, and during the tour the brothers decided to reform Scream with Thompson and Stax.
Stahl is a big fan of the Gibson Les Paul, which they are usually seen using. However, in the music video for Foo Fighters's "My Hero", Franz is seen using a Fender Stratocaster.
Stahl currently lives in Hollywood, California. Along with Scream, they continued gigging, writing and recording with the Boston Hardcore band DYS, while also writing, and composing for film and television. In 2007, they composed the title track for the film One California Day.
References
External links
Mind The Tracks - Franz Kenneth Stahl website
Franz Stahl | Evolution Music Partners catalog
Franz Stahl LinkedIn profile
Living people
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Scream (band) members
Foo Fighters members
1962 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American guitarists
People from Fairfax County, Virginia
Wool (band) members
Marco Ferrari (born 21 August 1966 in Rimini) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Honours
Parma
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup winner: 1992–93.
UEFA Super Cup winner: 1993.
External links
Career summary by playerhistory.com
1966 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Rimini F.C. 1912 players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
People from Rimini
Gordon Chiarot (born c. 1937) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and BC Lions. They won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1957. They previous played football at and attended McMaster University.
References
1930s births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Louis Vangeke KBE (born in 1904 died 1982 in Ogofoina) was a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina. They were appointed bishop in 1976. They died in 1982.
References
1904 births
1982 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Bereina
The Bihu Park () is a park in Neihu District, Taipei, Taiwan.
History
The park was opened in 1987.
Geography
The park covers an area of 13.1 hectares. 7 hectares of lake located within the park area is the Dapi Lake, which was once used for farming irrigation. The lake has a large population of invasive Amazon sailfin catfish.
Features
The park features the lakeside walkways which was completed and opened to public in 2007 with a total distance of 1.4 km. There is also a nine-turn bridge. It houses various flora as well, such as willows, bald cypresses, cajeput trees, golden showers, royal poincianas, Chinese hibiscus, azaleas and Ixora westii. The park management center houses a 45-seating capacity reading room, tennis courts, swimming pool and other recreational facilities. Visitors can also fish and hike in its six mountain trails to choose from with rest pavilions along the way.
Transportation
The park is accessible within walking distance north from Wende Station of Taipei Metro.
See also
List of parks in Taiwan
References
External link
1987 establishments in Taiwan
Parks established in 1987
Parks in Taipei
Lakes of Taiwan
This is a graphical lifespan timeline of presidents of South Korea. The presidents are listed in order of office.
Graphical timelines
Acrolepia chariphanes is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Chile.
References
Moths described in 1931
Acrolepiidae
Endemic fauna of Chile
The Mosman Bay ferry service (numbered F6) is a commuter ferry route in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Part of the Sydney Ferries network, it serves several Lower North Shore suburbs around Mosman Bay.
Services begin on the southern side of Sydney Harbour at Circular Quay, then head northeast to the Cremorne Point wharf. Proceeding around Robertsons Point, ferries travel up Mosman Bay to the terminus. Services operate every half an hour on weekdays and every hour at night and on weekends.
Wharves
Circular Quay
Circular Quay wharf is located at the northern end of the Sydney central business district. The locality of Circular Quay is a major Sydney transport hub, with a large ferry, heavy rail, light rail and bus interchange.
Cremorne Point
Cremorne Point ferry wharf is located at the end of Milson Road, at the southern end of Cremorne Point. It consists of a single wharf.
The wharf was extensively damaged during a storm in June 2007. It reopened in September 2007.
It was rebuilt between October 2014 and February 2015.
South Mosman
South Mosman ferry wharf is located at the end of Musgrave St, and hence is marked "Musgrave St. Wharf" on some publications. It serves the suburb of Mosman and consists of a single wharf.
Old Cremorne
Old Cremorne ferry wharf is located near Kareela Road in Cremorne Point. It serves central area of the suburb and consists of a single wharf.
Mosman Bay
Mosman Bay ferry wharf is located at the end of Avenue Road, Mosman. It consists of a single wharf.
The wharf was rebuilt between March and October 2014.
Patronage
The following table shows the patronage of Sydney Ferries network for the year ending 30 June 2022.
References
Ferry transport in Sydney
Prior to the Synod of Ráth Breasail the Catholic Church in Ireland did not have a diocesan system of governance. The reforming councils of the Church brought Ireland into line with the rest of the Church and established a diocesan system. Today twenty-six dioceses remain while others have been merged and still others have become extinct or used as titular sees.
Titular dioceses
Inis Cathaigh
Ceanannus Mór
Glendalough
Slebte
Cluain Iraird
References
Irish titular sees
Marinin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Marinina. It may refer to
Alexandra Marinina, pen name of the Russian writer Marina Alekseyeva (born 1957)
Maxim Marinin (born 1977), Russian pair skater
Russian-language surnames
"On My Knees" is the debut single of British R&B girl group the 411, released on 17 May 2004 and included on their first album, Between the Sheets (2004). The song samples "Ain't My Style" by the Main Ingredient and features guest vocals from American rapper Ghostface Killah. On the UK Singles Chart, the song reached number four and spent 10 weeks in the UK top 75. It also charted in nine other countries in Europe and Australia.
Background
Band member Suzie Furlonger said: "It's basically about a girl who's in a relationship with someone that they knew was wrong for them at the time but allowed it anyway. They don't treat them well. It's them turning round to them and saying "that's it! I don't have to put up with this anymore". It's not a man-hating song - just a "don't put up with being treated badly" song." Bandmate Tisha Martin added, "Yeah, don't get us wrong - a lot of people think that we're men bashing but were not - we do like the guys!"
Track listings
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2004 debut singles
2004 songs
The 411 songs
Songs written by Ed Townsend
Sony Music UK singles
Palwasha Behram Khan () is a Pakistani politician who's Senator and served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
They were elected as Senator Government of Pakistan in March 2021
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) on a seat reserved for women in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
On 4 November 2018, they were appointed as deputy information secretary of PPP by Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.
On 3 March 2021, they were elected as Senator (Upper House of Pakistan) Government of Pakistan for 6 years term.
References
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Chakwal District
Pakistani Senators 2021–2027
1976 births
Polyvinylidene chloride or Polyvinylidene dichloride (PVDC) is a homopolymer of vinylidene chloride.
History
Ralph Wiley accidentally discovered polyvinylidene chloride polymer in 1933. He, then, was a college student who worked part-time at Dow Chemical lab as a dishwasher. While cleaning laboratory glassware, they came across a vial they could not scrub clean. Dow researchers made this material into a greasy, dark green film, first called "Eonite" and then "Saran".
Ralph Wiley went on to become one of Dow Chemical's research scientists and invent and develop many plastics, chemicals and production machines.
The military sprayed Saran on fighter planes to guard against salty sea spray, and carmakers used it for upholstery. Dow later devised a formulation of polyvinylidene chloride free of unpleasant odour and green colour.
The most well known use of polyvinylidene chloride came in 1953, when Saran Wrap, a plastic food wrap, was introduced. In 2004, however, the formula was changed to low-density polyethylene due to environmental concerns about its chlorine content and other disadvantages.
Properties
It is a remarkable barrier against water, oxygen, and aromas. It has a superior chemical resistance to alkalis and acids, is insoluble in oil and organic solvents, has a very low moisture regain and is impervious to mold, bacteria, and insects. It is soluble in polar solvents.
Above 125 °C, it decomposes to produce HCl.
Disadvantages
While extremely useful as a food packaging agent, the major disadvantage of polyvinylidene chloride is that it will undergo thermally induced dehydrochlorination at temperatures very near to processing temperatures. This degradation easily propagates, leaving polyene sequences long enough to absorb visible light and change the color of the material from colorless to an undesirable transparent brown (unacceptable for one of polyvinylidene chloride's chief applications: food packaging). Therefore, there is a significant amount of product loss in the manufacturing process, which increases production and consumer costs.
Fiber types
Saran fiber is produced in monofilament, multifilament-twist, and staple fiber forms. It is also available in thermochromic (color changing) and luminescent (glow in the dark) fibers.
Uses
Packaging
Polyvinylidene chloride is applied as a water-based coating to films made of other plastics, such as biaxially-oriented polypropylene (BOPP) and polyethylene terephthalate (PET). This coating increases the barrier properties of the film, reducing the permeability of the film to oxygen and flavours and thus extending the shelf life of the food inside the package. It can also impart a high-gloss finish, which may be aesthetically pleasing and also provides a high degree of scuff resistance if applied over print.
Other
In household settings, PVDC is used in cleaning cloths, filters, screens, tape, shower curtains, and garden furniture. Industrially, it is used in screens, artificial turf, waste-water treatment materials, and underground materials. PVDC is also used in doll hair, stuffed animals, fabrics, fishnet, pyrotechnics, and shoe insoles.
Trademarks (producers)
Saran TC and Saran LS (Asahi-Kasei)
(formerly) Saran Wrap and Saranex (Dow Chemical)
Ixan and Diofan (SolVin)
SK Saran
See also
Polyvinyl chloride (PVC)
References
B.A. Howell, J. Polym. Sci., Polym. Chem. (ed) 1987, 25, 1681–1695.
B.A. Howell, B.S. Warner, C.V. Rajaram, S.I. Ahemed and Z. Ahmed, Polym. Adv. Technol., 1994, 5, 485.
B.A. Howell and S. M. Jane, “Impact of Moisture on the Thermal Stability of Vinylidene Chloride Copolymers”, Proceedings, 34th Annual Meeting of the North American Thermal Analysis Society, 2006.
R.A. Wessling, D.S. Gibbs P.T. Delassus, B.E. Obi, B.A. Howell, Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, John Wiley and Sons, New York, 4th Edition, 1997, Vol 24, pp. 883–923.
External links
Wiley mini-bio
Textile Fibre Database
Thermoplastics
The 2021–22 Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers men's basketball team represented Mount St. Mary's University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Mountaineers, led by fourth-year head coach Dan Engelstad, played their home games at Knott Arena in Emmitsburg, Maryland as members of the Northeast Conference.
On May 2, 2022, it was announced that the Mountaineers will join the MAAC on July 1, 2022, leaving the NEC where they had been members since 1989.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Mountaineers finished the 2020–21 season 12–11, 9–7 in NEC play to finish in fourth place. In the NEC Tournament, they defeated Wagner in the semifinals and Bryant in the championship game. As a result, they received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament as a No. 16 seed in the East region. There they lost in the First Four to Texas Southern.
Roster
Schedule and results
NEC COVID-19 policy provided that if a team could not play a conference game due to COVID-19 issues within its program, the game would be declared a forfeit and the other team would receive a conference win. However, wins related to COVID-19 do not count pursuant to NCAA policy.
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| NEC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NEC Tournament
Source
References
Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers men's basketball seasons
Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers
Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers men's basketball team
Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers men's basketball team
More is the third studio album and first soundtrack album by English rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 13 June 1969 in the United Kingdom by EMI Columbia and on 9 August 1969 in the United States by Tower Records. The soundtrack is for the film of the same name, which was primarily filmed on location on Ibiza and was the directorial debut of Barbet Schroeder. It was the band's first album without former leader Syd Barrett.
The album was a top ten hit in the UK, but received mixed reviews. Several songs became live favourites over the following years. Like other Pink Floyd albums, it has been reissued on CD with additional material and outtakes.
Background
Pink Floyd recorded several pieces of film music before this album. In December 1967, they were featured on the BBC's Tomorrow's World, playing along to a light show, and the following year recorded some instrumental music for the film The Committee.
The film More featured a young hitchhiker in Ibiza who had succumbed to heroin abuse with party scenes and drug taking. Director Barbet Schroeder was a fan of Pink Floyd, and brought a rough cut of the film to London for them to work with. Instead of typical background music, Schroeder wanted the songs to feature in the film, such as a record playing at a party. The group also speculated they could branch out into a career as film composers if their recording and touring career did not work out. Drummer Nick Mason later said the film was "ideally suited to some of the rumblings, squeaks and sound textures we produced on a regular basis".
Recording and songs
The album was recorded at Pye Studios in London, in late January and early February 1969 with engineer Brian Humphries. The album was the first to be produced by Pink Floyd without assistance from Norman Smith, who retained an executive producer credit, and the first full album without Syd Barrett, who had been ousted from the group in 1968, during the recording of their second album, A Saucerful of Secrets.
Pink Floyd worked out most of the music in two weeks, with material put together quickly and semi-improvised. They did not use a dubbing studio due to budget constraints, and simply timed sequences in the film with a stopwatch so they knew how long the music had to be. Bassist Roger Waters wrote most of the lyrics during breaks between recording backing tracks. Schroeder was impressed by how quickly the group created and recorded the material. Mason and keyboardist Richard Wright co-wrote the instrumental "Up The Khyber", the only time the pair were credited as sole co-composers. Barrett's replacement David Gilmour handled all lead vocals on the album.
More features a mixture of styles. Songs such as "Green is the Colour" were acoustic folk ballads, a genre not often explored by the group. Mason's wife Lindy played penny whistle on the track. The album also contains hard rock, such as "The Nile Song" and "Ibiza Bar", as well as several instrumental tracks such as "Quicksilver" and "Main Theme", featuring their experimental and avant-garde approach. "Cymbaline" criticised the music industry, with lines such as "your manager and agent are both busy on the phone". The version on the album is different from that in the film. Gilmour sings lead on both versions, though Waters is sometimes wrongly credited as singing lead for the film version.
"Green is the Colour" was played live frequently after release, as a medley with "Careful With That Axe, Eugene", as part of a live suite called "The Journey". It was a regular feature in the set for two years afterwards. "Quicksilver" was played under the title "Sleeping" as part of the 1969 live show called "The Man", while "Cymbaline" was entitled "Nightmare". The latter remained part of the group's repertoire until the end of 1971. In live performances, the group left the stage partway through the song while the audience listened to a tape of quadraphonic sound effects including footsteps travelling round the venue, and doors opening. "Main Theme" was briefly played live in 1970.
Two songs can be heard in the film which were not included on the album: "Hollywood" and "Seabirds". The latter was published in 1976's The Pink Floyd Songbook. Both songs, and two other songs from those sessions, "Theme (Beat Version)" and "More Blues (Alternative Version)", were released on the 2016 box set, The Early Years 1965–1972. The set in which these tracks appear, 1969: Dramatis/ation was made available as a standalone release in 2017. The track called "Seabirds" in the box set is not the original song, but an alternative take of "Quicksilver".
Cover
The album cover was, like A Saucerful of Secrets, designed by Hipgnosis. It uses a shot from the film of two characters playing around a windmill in Ibiza, processed in a dark room to make it look like a psychedelic trip.
Release and reception
More reached number 9 in the UK and, upon re-release in 1973, number 153 in the US. This was the last of three Pink Floyd albums to be released in the United States by the Tower Records division of Capitol Records. "The Nile Song" was released as a single in France, Japan and New Zealand around the same time. The track, along with "Cirrus Minor" appeared on the 1971 compilation Relics.
A 1973 US reissue was released on Harvest Records. It was certified gold in the US on 11 March 1994. The album was reissued on CD in 1985, with a digitally remastered version following in 1995. In 2016, it was reissued on Pink Floyd Records.
More received mixed reviews from critics. Record Song Book said the album was "always extremely interesting ... quite weird in parts too". The Daily Telegraph was favourable, describing it as starting to "define experimental instrumental identity." MusicHound and Rolling Stone were less positive with the former giving the album a rating of one out of five and the latter calling it a "dull film soundtrack".
Legacy
Richie Unterberger of AllMusic gives a mixed overview, saying key tracks such as "Green Is The Colour" and "Cymbaline" developed into stronger pieces when played live.
Track listing
Personnel
Roger Waters – bass guitar , tape effects, percussion
Richard Wright – Farfisa , piano , vibraphone , Hammond organ
David Gilmour – lead vocals, electric guitar , slide guitar , acoustic guitar , classical guitar , flamenco guitar , percussion
Nick Mason – drums , bongos , percussion
Additional personnel
Lindy Mason – tin whistle
Brian Humphries – engineering
Hipgnosis – sleeve design
James Guthrie – re-mastering supervision
Doug Sax – re-mastering
Charts
Certifications
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1969 albums
1969 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by David Gilmour
Albums produced by Nick Mason
Albums produced by Richard Wright (musician)
Albums produced by Roger Waters
Albums with cover art by Hipgnosis
Albums with cover art by Storm Thorgerson
Capitol Records albums
Capitol Records soundtracks
EMI Columbia Records albums
EMI Columbia Records soundtracks
Harvest Records albums
Harvest Records soundtracks
Pink Floyd albums
Pink Floyd soundtracks
Progressive rock soundtracks
Tower Records albums
Tower Records soundtracks
Drama film soundtracks
Warrington Dock was situated on the River Mersey at Warrington.
Warrington was once the furthest point navigable upstream on the River Mersey. A dock evolved to allow unloading of goods for road transport to the east.
RMS Tayleur was built at Warrington in 1853, launched 4 October 1853 and sank on its maiden voyage to Australia.
A small Warrington Dock was also provided on the Manchester Ship Canal with a lock through to the River Mersey, but the dock and lock eventually became derelict. Plans for the area include some redevelopment for housing, and the creation of a linear park called "Watersmeet", which follows the course of the cut through to the Mersey. The plan includes conservation of the structure of Walton Lock and the construction of a boom across the entrance to the dock, to prevent debris from the ship canal entering it. The basin will then be known as Waters Meet Basin, and will be developed as a wildlife haven. Navigation rights have not been expunged.
References
Mersey docks
Buildings and structures in Warrington
Redeveloped ports and waterfronts in Merseyside
Alexander Gibbs & Co. was a British stained glass studio founded in 1858 by Alexander Gibbs when they split off from the family firm founded by their father Isaac Alexander Gibbs in 1848. The studio continued until 1915. It was first located at 38 Bedford Square and moved in 1876 to Bloomsbury Street.
The east window in the Church of St Mary in Bideford in Devon is by Gibbs (1865). Their windows in All Saints, Margaret Street (commissioned in 1877) are among their most elaborate surviving works.
See also
British and Irish stained glass (1811–1918)
Victorian Era
Gothic Revival
References
Manufacturing companies established in 1813
Defunct glassmaking companies
British stained glass artists and manufacturers
Penitentiary III is a 1987 American comedy film written and directed by Jamaa Fanaka. It is the sequel to the 1982 film Penitentiary II. The film stars Leon Isaac Kennedy, Anthony Geary, Steve Antin, Ric Mancini, Marie Burrell Fanaka and Raymond Kessler. The film was released on September 4, 1987, by Cannon Film Distributors.
A man is framed for murder and sent to prison.  They are beaten and tortured, then forced to fight the prison's worst killer, a martial-arts fighting midget called Thud.
Cast
Leon Isaac Kennedy as Martel "Too Sweet" Gordone
Anthony Geary as Serenghetti
Steve Antin as Roscoe
Ric Mancini as The Warden
Marie Burrell Fanaka as Chelsea Remington
Raymond Kessler as "Midnight Thud" Jessup
Rick Zumwalt as Joshua
Magic Schwarz as Hugo
Jim Bailey as Cleopatra
"Big Bull" Bates as "Simp"
"Big Yank" as "Rock"
Bert Williams as Tim Shoah
Mark Kemble as Rufus
Jack Rader as Fred
Madison Campudoni as "El Cid"
George Payne as Jess / Inmate #1
Drew Bundini Brown as "Sugg" / Inmate #2
Mindi Miller as "Sugar"
J. J. Johnston as Announcer #1
Earl Garnes as Announcer #2
James Phillips as Suited Gentleman
Faith Minton as Female Boxer
Marcella Ross as Female Boxer
Raye Hollitt as Female Boxer
Danny Trejo as "See Veer"
Mary O'Connor as Female Guard
Gardella Demilo as Female Guard
Ron Demps as Referee
References
External links
1987 films
1980s English-language films
American comedy films
1987 comedy films
American sequel films
Golan-Globus films
Films directed by Jamaa Fanaka
1980s American films
Allie Esiri (born 26 January 1967), née Allison Byrne, is a British writer and former stage, film, and television actor.
They created iF Poems, an educational poetry app, the accompanying hardback anthology iF: A Treasury of Poems for Almost Every Possibility, and The Love Book, an interactive literary app on iOS. Esiri's anthology, published by Pan Macmillan on 8 September 2016, A Poem for Every Night of the Year won the IBW Book award 2017. Them anthologies have been picked as best books of the year in the Observer, New Statesman and The Times.
Esiri's anthology, A Poem for Every Day of the Year was published in hardback and audiobook by Pan Macmillan on 7 September 2017, Shakespeare for Every Day of the Year was published in hardback, e-book and audiobook by Pan Macmillan UK in September 2019 and by Penguin in October 2020 in the United States. A Poet for Every Day of the Year was published in hardback, e-book and audiobook by Pan Macmillan UK in September 2021.
Acting career
Daughter of actor Michael Byrne, Esiri read Modern and Medieval Languages at St Catharine's College, Cambridge, where they appeared in numerous productions, including The Winter's Tale directed by Tim Supple and an acclaimed production of Cyrano de Bergerac, directed by Sam Mendes, starring Tom Hollander and which also featured future politician Nick Clegg. Byrne's first major television role was in the Agatha Christie's Poirot adaptation of The Mysterious Affair at Styles in 1990. In 1992 they played Olivia in an English Shakespeare Company production of Twelfth Night directed by Michael Pennington. They later appeared in episodes of The Bill, Goodnight Sweetheart, Men Behaving Badly, A Touch of Frost and Van der Valk.
In 1995, they played Lady Kiely in the television movie Sharpe's Battle, alongside Sean Bean and Hugh Fraser, with whom they had previously appeared in the Agatha Christie's Poirot adaptation of The Mysterious Affair at Styles. They played one of the lead parts in the ITV series Call Red (1996). They also appeared in the Merchant Ivory Productions film, Howard's End and the Kenneth Branagh film In the Bleak Midwinter. In 1999 they played Teri Riley in the film Doomwatch: Winter Angel. Other acting credits include Dr Faustus at Greenwich Theatre and Macbeth directed by Michael Bogdanov for the English Shakespeare Company.
Literary career
Byrne stopped acting in 1999 and wrote freelance articles for publications such as American Vogue, The New York Times, and London's Evening Standard ES magazine, and now works in the world of poetry and technology. Under their married name of Allie Esiri they have co-created the successful poetry app, "iF Poems" and edited the hardback anthology "iF, A Treasury of Poems for Almost Every Possibility". they conceived "iF Poems" as an educational poetry app for children of any age. It was chosen to be in The Sunday Times Best 500 Apps of the year list and in The Spectator's top ten ibooks of the year. It runs on the IOS platform for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch. Poems are read aloud on the app by Helena Bonham Carter, Bill Nighy, Harry Enfield, and Tom Hiddleston. The apps and the book are illustrated by Natasha Law.
Esiri has also created "The Love Book App" recommended by Apple and available on both Android and iOS platforms. It has 300 poems, quotes, letters and short stories on the theme of love, read by Helena Bonham Carter, Emma Watson, Damian Lewis, Tom Hiddleston, Helen McCrory and Gina Bellman. The app is illustrated by Kate Moross. There is a hardback book of The Love Book, edited by Esiri, published by Square Peg, an imprint of Random House on 6 February 2014. A new hardback anthology, "A Poem For Every Night of the Year", compiled by and with introductory paragraphs by Esiri, was published by Macmillan Children's Books in September 2016. In June 2017, it won the IBW 2017, Best Children's Book at the Independent Bookshop Book Awards and it was the top selling new poetry title of 2016.
Esiri has created poetry shows with readers including Damian Lewis, Helen McCrory, Samuel West, Dominic West, Helena Bonham Carter, Tobias Menzies, Giles Terera, Tamsin Greig and Sophie Turner. "A Poem for Every Night of the Year" had a launch event show at the National Theatre on the Olivier stage on 25 November 2016. It was reviewed in The Telegraph. Esiri hosted the show and poems were read by Samuel West, Hattie Morahan, Giles Terera and Kate Duchene. Esiri curated and hosted similar events at the Hay Festival, Cheltenham Literature Festival, Edinburgh Festival, Oxford Literary Festival and Bath Festivals with Tony Robinson, Sophie Turner, Ronni Ancona, Alexander Armstrong, Beatie Edney, Damian Lewis, Helen McCrory, Gina Bellman, Hugh Ross, Nathaniel Parker, Sanjeev Bhaskar, Alison Steadman, Samuel West and Harry Enfield.
Esiri's latest anthology, A Poem for Every Day of the Year was published by Macmillan on 7 September 2017. The Guardian recently chose it as one of their top ten poetry books and it was chosen by the chair of the National Trust as the book they would take them to their desert island on Desert Island Discs. A Poem for Every Day of the Year show at the National Theatre took place on 10 November 2017 - joining Esiri on stage were actors Adjoa Andoh, Simon Russell Beale, Joanna Lumley, Stephen Mangan, Helen McCrory and Samuel West. A Poem for Every Day of the Year was in The Observer, the Times and the New Statesmen books of the year. The audiobook is read by Helena Bonham Carter and Simon Russell Beale.
Esiri curated and hosted an event, Women Poets Through the Ages in November 2018 at the National Theatre with Joanna Lumley, Helen McCrory, Kate Fleetwood, Sheila Atim and Indira Varma. And then again at the Bridge theatre in London in April 2019 with Helena Bonham Carter, Helen McCrory and Pippa Bennett-Warner.
Esiri's next collection, "Shakespeare for Every Day of the Year" was published in the UK and America and is available in hardback, e-book and audiobook. The readers for the audiobook include Damian Lewis, Helen McCrory, Paapa Essiedu and Simon Russell Beale and it was the Audiobook Pick of the Week in The Times. The accompanying live shows have featured Diana Quick, Paapa Essiedu and Christopher Eccleston and a film, available on YouTube recorded during the lockdown for the Hay Festival starring Helena Bonham Carter and Dominic West, introduced by Esiri.
The latest anthology is A Poet for Every Day of the Year, published by Macmillan in September 2021. The show at the National Theatre was dedicated to long-term collaborator Helen McCrory and was curated by Esiri and hosted by Damian Lewis. It's available to stream free on National Theatre YouTube.
Esiri sat on the advisory board of The Times/The Sunday Times Cheltenham Literature Festival 2014–2106, currently sits on the Children's Poetry Summit and is an advisor to the organisation National Poetry Day. They chaired the literary themed Secret Winter Gala for the charity Save the Children from 2013–2015 and chaired the judging panel for the CLPE poetry prize 2021.
Personal life
 They are married to Mark Esiri, a partner in Venrex Investment Management, which they co-founded. They have three children.
Selected television credits
Doomwatch: Winter Angel (1999) - as Teri Riley
The Bill - as D.S. Hunt (1998)
Goodnight Sweetheart 1 episode - as Kate (1997)
Call Red - many episodes, as Alyson Butler (1996)
Men Behaving Badly 1 episode - as Jill (1995)
Sharpe's Battle - as Lady Kiely (1995)
A Touch of Frost - as Ruth Ormrod (1995)
Van der Valk, The Ties That Bind - as Petra van Leurink (1992)
Minder The Loneliness Of The Long Distance Entrepreneur and Three Cons Make A Mountain - as Lucy (1991)
Agatha Christie's Poirot - The Mysterious Affair at Styles - Cynthia Murdoch (1990)
References
The Telegraph review of The National Theatre's A Poem for Every Day of the Year
The Telegraph review of The National Theatre's A Poem for Every Night of the Year
Sunday Times magazine, Allie Esiri 'How does it feel to pick a poem for Christmas'
Damian Lewis and Helen McCrory read poems from The Love Book at Cheltenham Literature Festival for Allie Esiri in The Times
The Times on Allie Esiri and their iF Poems app
Allie Esiri presents 30 Great Poems Everyone Should Know in The Times
Allie Esiri in the Sunday Times, 'Rhyme or Reason'
A Poem for Every Day of the Year and A Poem for Every Night of the Year in The Guardian's top ten poetry anthologies
The Guardian podcast with Allie Esiri on poetry
A Poem for Every Night of the Year in The Observer's best books 2016
The Guardian's best children's books for 2018 of all ages
Allie Esiri on BBC Radio 2 Radcliffe and marconi show
Allie Esiri on Cerys Matthew's BBC radio show
Allie Esiri interview, 'The Books that Changed my Life'
Allie Esiri interview on BBC Robert Elms
The Love Book app created by Allie Esiri with Tom Hiddleston in the Telegraph
External links
1967 births
Alumni of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
English television actores
English film actores
Living people
20th-century English actores
Jonathan Erlich and Divij Sharan were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Marcelo Demoliner and Hugo Nys won the title after defeating André Göransson and Sem Verbeek 3–6, 6–4, [10–3] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Canberra Challenger - Doubles
Alejandro Prospero Reverend (November 14, 1796 –December 1, 1881) was a French surgeon, doctor of Simon Bolivar from the arrival of the Venezuelan military and political leader to Santa Marta the night of December 1st of 1830 until their untimely death on 17 December 1830.
References
1796 births
1881 deaths
19th-century Venezuelan physicians
19th-century French physicians
Colombian physicians
USS Vamarie (IX-47) was a ketch-rigged ocean racing yacht designed by Jasper Morgan of Cox & Stevens, Inc., and built in 1933 at Bremen, Germany, by Abeking and Rasmussen, for S. Vadim Makaroff of Oyster Bay, Long Island.
With Makaroff at the helm, the slim racing yacht participated in nine ocean races between 1934 and 1936, sailing over 30,000 miles. Donated to the Regiment of Midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland, on 11 November 1936, Vamarie served as the Navy's racing yacht in local races in Chesapeake Bay during the racing season in 1937. The following summer, on 22 June 1938, Vamarie was entered in the race from Newport, Rhode Island, to Bermuda marking the first time that the yacht returned to "blue water" in two years. Four days later, the yacht, commanded by Capt. John F. Shafroth, came in 18th out of 22 vessels in their class and 29th out of the 44 total entries.
Vamarie participated in further local races into 1939. On 8 March 1940 they were classified IX-47. The yacht was officially assigned to the Naval Academy on 22 October 1940 and was placed in service on 10 November 1944. They operated under the aegis of the Severn River Naval Command until authorized for disposal on 24 February 1955. Struck from the Navy List on 22 June 1955, Vamarie was broken up in December of the same year.
References
External links
Log of Yacht Vamarie, 1938, MS 88 held by Special Collections & Archives, Nimitz Library at the United States Naval Academy
Vamarie (IX-47)
Vamarie
1933 ships
Individual yachts
Remo Rossi (born 10 April 1968) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in the 1993 and 1994 Tour de France.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Verona
Waldorf is a municipality belonging to the Verbandsgemeinde Bad Breisig in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. In 2005 Waldorf had 926 inhabitants.
Location
Waldorf is located in the eastern foothills of the Eifel in the Vinxt Valley between Sinzig and Niederzissen, below the Bausenberg, an extinct volcano. Waldorf is marked by the Geology of the Bausenberg. The lava flow flew along the today's southern border of the village. At the western border of the village the Bundesautobahn 61 crosses the Vinxt Valley with the Vinxtbachtalbrücke.
History
The first documentary mention was in the year 960. Eugen Ewig, a local historian, found out that first signs of settlement prove the existence of Waldorf in 646. Thus Waldorf celebrated its 1350th anniversary in 1996.
Development of inhabitants
Source of data: Statistisches Landesamt Rheinland-Pfalz
Events
Spectaculum historiae, a festival on the occasion of the 1360th anniversary of Waldorf's first documentary mention, where Waldorf has been divided into four parts and all eras from the Roman to the new era were represented
St. Remaklus Kirmes, as many other villages and towns, Waldorf celebrates the birthday of its saint. This is usually the first weekend of September. The Kirmes is organised by the catholic bachelors club (Katholischer Junggesellenverein Waldorf 1738 e.V.)
See also
Waldorf Music
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Andrea Cibo or Andrea Cybo (died 1522) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1517–1522).
Biography
On 20 April 1517, Andrea Cibo was appointed during the papacy of Pope Leo X as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
They served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until their death in 1522.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
Year of birth missing
1522 deaths
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Leo X
Alvin White may refer to:
Alvin S. White (1918–2006), American test pilot and mechanical engineer.
Alvin White (American football) (born 1953), gridiron football quarterback and punter
Club Deportivo Tuilla is a Spanish football team based in Tuilla, a small village in the municipality of Langreo, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1952, it plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 2, holding home matches at Estadio El Candín, which has a capacity of 2,800 spectators.
After winning the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa and the 2011 UEFA Champions League Final, International footballer David Villa, who was born in Tuilla and enjoyed individual success with Sporting de Gijón, Real Zaragoza, Valencia CF, FC Barcelona, Atlético Madrid, and Spain, waved a CD Tuilla scarf at the crowd.
History
In 2007, Tuilla won the regional stage of the Copa Federación by the first time and reached the semi-finals in the 2007–08 National stage, after beating Laguna, Lemona and San Sebastián de los Reyes, before being eliminated by Ourense due to the away goals rule.
Tuilla repeated the Regional success in 2011 and 2012, but in both editions was eliminated in the Round of 32 of the National stage.
In the 2012–13 season, Tuilla finished as champion of the Asturian group of Tercera División, but failed in its third attempt of promoting to Segunda División B.
In 2013, Tuilla played for the first time in its history the Copa del Rey. In the first round, the team beat CD Tropezón by 0–1 in the overtime, in a game where Tuilla finished with nine players. Tuilla was eliminated in the second round by Burgos CF which won at El Candín by 0–3. In the 2017-18 season the club finished 7th in the Tercera División, Group 2.
In May 2019 Julio Llanos was appointed manager of the club.
Season to season
24 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
Honours
Tercera División: 2012–13
Copa RFEF (Asturias tournament): (3) 2007, 2011, 2012
Famous managers
Abelardo Fernández
Ricardo Bango
References
External links
Official website
Futbolme team profile
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1952
Langreo
1952 establishments in Spain
Libero International was an English language Japanese anarchist journal published in Kobe between January 1975 and March 1980. The publisher was the CIRA-Nippon group. The magazine was published in English. "Wat Tyler" was the name adopted by one of the editorial collective.
See also
List of anarchist periodicals
References
Selected articles
"Anarchism and the May 4th Movement" (Issue 4-5)
"Bakunin in Japan" (Issue 5, September 1978)
"A Message from the S.I.C."(March 1980), No. 30
External links
Libero International website archiving all published issues
WorldCat
1975 establishments in Japan
1980 disestablishments in Japan
Anarchism in Japan
Anarchist periodicals
Defunct political magazines published in Japan
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 1975
Magazines disestablished in 1980
Mass media in Kobe
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1962 season.
Overview
It was contested by 7 teams, and ASK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
The 2015 season marked the 108th season in which the Richmond Football Club participated in the AFL/VFL.
2014 off-season list changes
Retirements and delistings
Free agency
National draft
Rookie draft
2015 squad
2015 season
Pre-season
Source:AFL
Home and away season
Source: AFL Tables
Finals
Source: AFL Tables
Ladder
Awards
League awards
All-Australian team
Rising Star
Nominations:
22 Under 22 team
Brownlow Medal tally
Club awards
Jack Dyer Medal
Michael Roach Medal
Reserves
For the second consecutive season, the Richmond Football club ran a stand-alone reserves team in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Richmond senior and rookie-listed players who were not selected to play in the AFL side were eligible to play for the team alongside a small squad of VFL-only listed players.
The team finished 13th out of 15 participating clubs, with a record of five wins and thirteen losses. Each of the club's nine home matches were played at the Punt Road Oval.
Senior listed player Matt Dea won the Guanane Medal as the VFL side's best and fairest, while another senior listed player Liam McBean was awarded the Jim 'Frosty' Miller Medal for the league's leading goalkicker.
References
External links
Richmond Tigers Official AFL Site
Official Site of the Australian Football League
Richmond Football Club seasons
Richmond Tigers
On August 1922 during the Battle of Dumlupınar, the opposing armies were deployed as follows:
Greek order of battle
In summer 1922, the Greek Army of Asia Minor () held a front of 713 km, extending from Cius in the Sea of Marmara south-east to a bulge around Eskisehir, thence south to Afyonkarahisar, where it turned west and south over the Akar Dağ Mountain and then followed the right bank of the Büyük Menderes River to the Aegean Sea. The line had been established following the retreat of autumn 1921, after the Battle of Sakarya. The Army of Asia Minor had its headquarters in Smyrna (Izmir) and was commanded by Lieutenant General Georgios Hatzianestis, with Major General Georgios Valettas as their chief of staff. It comprised a force of 220,000 men, of whom 140,000 were situated at the front but only 80,000 were counted as front-line combatants. The Army's equipment comprised 264 field guns, 980 machine guns and 2,592 sub-machine guns, as well as 55 aircraft.
The northern sector of the front, from the Marmara Sea to around Eskisehir, was covered by the III Corps, and the southern sector, a wide bulge around Afyonkarahisar, by the I Corps with II Corps as its immediate reserve. The remaining southern sector of the front along the Menderes was lightly held by rear-echelon units under the Smyrna Superior General Military Command (Ανώτερη Γενική Στρατιωτική Διοίκηση Σμύρνης). The Greek combat units were structured as follows, from north to south:
III Corps, headquarters at Eskisehir, under Major General Petros Soumilas, with Colonel N. Spyropoulos as chief of staff
11th Infantry Division under Major General Nikolaos Kladas, covering a sector of 60 km from the Sea of Marmara up to Bilecik. The Bilecik sector, linking the 11th with the 3rd Division, was held by the 16th Infantry Regiment detached from the 11th Division
3rd Infantry Division under Colonel Georgios Gortzas, covering a sector of 50 km from Boz Dağ to Pursak
10th Infantry Division under Colonel Dimitrios Papanikolaou), covering a sector of 50 km around Karatokat
Independent Division under Colonel Dimitrios Theotokis, covering a sector of 50 km around Seyitgazi
Eskisehir Military Command
I Corps, headquarters at Afyonkarahisar, under Major General Nikolaos Trikoupis, with Colonel Alexandros Merentitis as chief of staff
5th Infantry Division under Colonel Nikolaos Rokas, covering the Bordi sector (45 km) north of Afyonkarahisar
12th Infantry Division under Colonel Periklis Kallidopoulos, covering the Ince Karahisar sector (30 km) east of Afyonkarahisar, including the Çalışlar heights
4th Infantry Division under Colonel Dimitrios Dimaras, covering the Kamelar sector (20 km) to the south of Afyonkarahisar
1st Infantry Division under Major General Athanasios Frangou, reinforced with the 49th Infantry Regiment, covering the Akar Dağ sector (50 km) to the south-west of Afyonkarahisar.
The "Plastiras Detachment" under Colonel Nikolaos Plastiras, comprising Plastiras' own 5/42 Evzone Regiment and the 13th Mountain Artillery Squadron, both detached from the 13th Division, as the Corps reserve
Due to lack of forces, the 1st Division left 10-kilometre sector at the Çay Hisar ravine was left uncovered, and a further 6-kilometre gap existed between the lines of the 1st and 4th Divisions.
II Corps, headquarters at Kazlı Göl Hamam to the north-west of Afyonkarahisar, under Major General Kimon Digenis, with Colonel I. Vasilakopoulos as chief of staff
9th Infantry Division under Colonel Panagiotis Gardikas, covering the Sarice Dağ gap (32 km) with two battalions, while the rest were kept as a reserve at Duger
13th Infantry Division under Colonel Miltiadis Kaibalis, covering the Demirler sector (10 km) with one regiment, with the 5/42 Evzone and an artillery squadron detached to I Corps, and with the other regiment as reserve at Ihsaniye
7th Infantry Division under Colonel Vasileios Kourousopoulos, as reserve around Evret
Kütahya Military Command, with four battalions, covering the lines of communication in the rear area
2nd Infantry Division under Colonel Stylianos Gonatas, reinforced with five battalions, covered a line of 170 km west of its base, Uşak, on the southern flank of I Corps, along with the
Cavalry Division under Major General Andreas Kallinskis-Roïdis, which was under direct Army Command control
Turkish order of battle
Commander in chief (Müşir Mustafa Kemal Pasha)
Chief of the General Staff (Birinci Ferik Mustafa Fevzi Pasha)
Minister of National Defence: Mirliva Kâzım Pasha
Western Front (Mirliva Ismet Pasha, CoS: Miralay Asim Bey)
Kocaeli Group (Miralay Deli Halid Bey)
18th Division (Kaymakam: Mehmed Hulusi Bey, CoS: Yüzbaşı Ismail Hakki Efendi)
15th Regiment (Kaymakam H. Hüsnü)
24th Regiment (Binbaşı Reshad)
25th Heavy Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Hussein Vehbi Bey)
First Army (Mirliva Nureddin Pasha, CoS: Miralay Emin Bey, Vice CoS: Kaymakam Sabit Bey)
IV Corps (Miralay Kemaleddin Sami Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Yusuf Ziya Bey)
8th Division (Miralay Kâzım Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Omer Subhi Bey)
8th Brigade (Miralay Ahmed Nuri Bey)
131st Regiment (Kaymakam Ahmed Hakki Bey)
135th Regiment (Kaymakam Müfit)
189th Regiment (Binbaşı Avni Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Zekeriya Bey)
5th Caucasian Division (Kaymakam Halid Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Midhat)
5th Caucasian Brigade (Kaymakam Ali Riza Bey)
9th Regiment (Binbaşı Hüseyin Hüsnü Bey)
10th Regiment (Binbaşı Ismail Hakki)
13th Regiment (deputy: Binbaşı Djevat Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Nusret Bey)
11th Division (Kaymakam Ahmed Derviş Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Ahmed Fevzi Bey)
11th Brigade (Kaymakam Hafiz Halid Bey)
70th Regiment (Binbaşı Rushdi Bey)
126th Regiment (Binbaşı Ismail Hakki Bey)
127th Regiment (Binbaşı Osmani Nuri Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Mahmud Djemal)
12th Division (Miralay Osman Nuri Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Mehmed Zeki Bey)
12th Brigade (Miralay Halil Rushdi Bey)
35th Regiment (Kaymakam Talat Bey)
36th Regiment (Binbaşı Mehmed Shahin Bey)
34th Regiment (Kaymakam Hussein Husnu Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Abdulkerim Bey)
I Corps (Miralay Izeddin Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Muharrem Mazlum Bey)
23rd Division (Miralay Omer Halis Bey, CoS: Mehmet Fahri Belen)
23rd Brigade (Miralay Shakir Bey)
31st Regiment (Binbaşı Mehmed Rifat)
68th Regiment (Kaymakam Mehmed Tevfik)
69th Regiment (Kaymakam Hüseyin Hüsnü)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Hakki Bey)
15th Division (Kaymakam Nadji Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Rasim Bey)
15th Brigade
38th Regiment (Kaymakam Ilyas Zeki Bey)
45th Regiment (Binbaşı Ali Riza)
56th Regiment (Kaymakam Mehmed Fehmi)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Akif)
14th Division (Kaymakam Edhem Nedjded Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Ali Riza)
14th Brigade (Kaymakam Mehmed Shevket Bey)
25th Regiment (Kaymakam Murad Bey)
26th Regiment (Kaymakam Yusuf)
30th Regiment (Kaymakam Ibrahim Edhem)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Hussein)
57th Division (Miralay Reshad Bey-after their suicide->Ibrahim Hakki Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Shemseddin Bey)
57th Brigade (Miralay Ibrahim Hakki)
37th Regiment (Kaymakam Refi Bey)
39th Regiment (Binbaşı Ahmed Turhan Bey)
176th Regiment (Kaymakam Mazhar)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Seyfeddin Bey)
V Cavalry Corps (Mirliva Fahreddin Pasha)
1st Cavalry Division (Miralay Mursel Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Mehmed Kemal Bey)
Cavalry Brigade (Miralay Djemil Bey)
10th Cavalry Regiment (Kaymakam Ismail Hakki)
11th Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Ali Riza Bey)
14th Cavalry Regiment (Kaymakam Salih)
21st Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Hüsnü)
2nd Cavalry Division (Kaymakam Zeki Bey, Cos: Yüzbaşı Tevfik Efendi)
Cavalry Brigade (Miralay Ahmed Hamdi Bey)
2nd Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Ahmed Kemal)
4th Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Ali Reşat)
13th Cavalry Regiment (Yüzbaşı Galip)
20th Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Kiazim Bey, deputy Yüzbaşı Yusuf Nashuhi Efendi)
14th Cavalry Division (Kaymakam Mehmed Subhi Bey, CoS: Kemal Muzaffer Efendi)
Cavalry Brigade (Kaymakam Hüseyin Husnu Bey)
3rd Cavalry Regiment (Kaymakam Ferit Bey)
5th Cavalry Regiment (Yüzbaşı Esad Bey)
34th Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı İbrahim)
54th Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Hamid Bey)
6th Division (Miralay Hussein Nazmi Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Sadik Bey)
6th Brigade (Miralay Hussein Husnu Bey)
50th Regiment (Binbaşı Remzi Bey)
51st Regiment (Yüzbaşı Faik Bey)
52nd Regiment (Yüzbaşı Mehmed Tevfik)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Rasim Bey)
3rd Cavalry Division (Kaymakam Ibrahim Bey, deputy commander: Yüzbşı Hasan Riza Efendi)
27th Cavalry Regiment (Kaymakam Cemal Bey)
28th Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Husnu Bey)
Dinar Detachment
59th Regiment
II Corps (Miralay Ali Hikmed Bey, CoS: Kaymakam Ibrahim Rahmi Bey)
7th Division (Miralay Nadji Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Mehmed Nuri Bey)
7th Brigade (Miralay Kiazim Bey)
2nd Regiment (Kaymakam Ali Vehbi Bey)
23rd Regiment (Kaymakam Ali Bey)
41st Regiment (Kaymakam Munir)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Kiazim)
4th Division (Miralay Mehmed Sabri Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Mustafa Fazil Bey)
4th Brigade (Kaymakam Servet Bey)
40th Regiment (Kaymakam Nedjib Kadri)
42nd Regiment (Kaymakam Nedim Bey)
58th Regiment (Kaymakam Mehmed Rushdi Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Nazmi Bey)
3rd Caucasian Division (Miralay Kâzım Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Mehmed Faik)
3rd Caucasian Brigade (Miralay Rifat)
7th Regiment (Kaymakam Burhaneddin Bey)
8th Regiment (Kaymakam Atif Bey)
11th Regiment (Kaymakam Ismail Rahmi)
Artillery Regiment
Second Army (Mirliva Yakub Shevki Pasha, CoS: Kaymakam Hussein Husnu Bey, Vice CoS: Kaymakam Ali Riza Bey)
III Corps (Miralay Shukri Naili Bey, CoS: Kaymakam Hayrullah Bey)
41st Division (Miralay Alaaddin Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Osman Nuri Bey)
41st Brigade (Kaymakam Mumtaz Bey)
12th Regiment (Kaymakam Ihsan Bey)
16th Regiment (Kaymakam Omer Kirami Bey)
19th Regiment (Kaymakam Omer Hulusi)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Muammer Bey)
61st Division (Kaymakam Salih Bey, CoS: Yüzbaşı Rushdi Efendi)
61st Brigade (Kaymakam Ahmed Shemseddin Bey)
159th Regiment (Kaymakam Rushdi)
174th Regiment (Kaymakam Shevki Bey)
190th Regiment (Kaymakam Irfan Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Mustafa Kiazim)
1st Division (Miralay Abdurrahman Nafiz Bey] CoS: Binbaşı Mehmed Emin Bey)
1st Brigade (Miralay Talat Bey)
3rd Regiment (Kaymakam Salih Bey)
4th Regiment (Kaymakam Ali Djevat Bey)
5th Regiment (Kaymakam Hussein Husnu Bey)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Izzet Bey)
Provisional Cavalry Division (Miralay Arif Bey, CoS: Yüzbaşı Hasan Fehmi Efendi)
37th Cavalry Regiment (Kaymakam Tahsin)
38th Cavalry Regiment (Kaymakam İhsan)
33rd Cavalry Regiment (Binbaşı Edip)
VI Corps (Mirliva Kâzım Pasha, CoS: Binbaşı Mehmed Nihat)
16th Division (Miralay Ashir Bey, CoS: Binbaşı Ismail Hakki Bey)
16th Brigade
43rd Regiment (Kaymakam Mehmed Hayri)
44th Regiment (Kaymakam Veysi Bey)
46th Regiment (Kaymakam Ismail Hakki)
Artillery Regiment (Binbaşı Ali Nejded Bey)
17th Division (Miralay Nureddin Bey, CoS: Mahmud Djelaleddin)
17th Brigade (Miralay Ismail Rushdi Bey)
62nd Regiment (Kaymakam Hasan Faik Bey)
63rd Regiment (Kaymakam Abdulgani)
47th Regiment (Osman Agha)
Artillery Regiment (Kaymakam Mehmed Ata Bey)
See also
Order of battle for the Battle of Sakarya
Footnotes
Bibliography
Celal Erikan, Komutan Atatürk, Cilt I-II, Üçüncü Basım, Türkiye İş Bankası Kültür Yayınları, İstanbul, 2001, , pp. 639–641.
External links
Komutanlar, Kocatepe Büyük Taarruz Uygulama ve Araştırma Merkezi
Orders of battle
Military units and formations of the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922)
Matt Berry is a residential neighbourhood in north east Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It is named for aviator Arthur Massey ("Matt") Berry.
According to the 2001 federal census, substantially all residential development in Matt Berry occurred after 1985. Approximately one residence in six (15.6%) were built between 1986 and 1990. Eight in ten (82.2%) were built during the 1990s.
The most common type of residence in the neighbourhood, according to the 2005 municipal census, is the single-family dwelling. These account for 94% of all the residences in the neighbourhood. The remaining 6% are duplexes. Substantially all (98%) of the residences in the neighbourhood are owner-occupied.
The neighbourhood is bounded on the south by 153 Avenue, on the north by 167 Avenue, on the west by 66 Street, and on the east by 59A Street.
Demographics
In the City of Edmonton's 2012 municipal census, Matt Berry had a population of living in dwellings, a 5% change from its 2009 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of people/km2 in 2012.
Schools
Edmonton Christian Northeast School (K-9)
Surrounding neighbourhoods
References
External links
Matt Berry Neighbourhood Profile
Neighbourhoods in Edmonton
In cell biology, Protein kinase C, commonly abbreviated to PKC (EC 2.7.11.13), is a family of protein kinase enzymes that are involved in controlling the function of other proteins through the phosphorylation of hydroxyl groups of serine and threonine amino acid residues on these proteins, or a member of this family. PKC enzymes in turn are activated by signals such as increases in the concentration of diacylglycerol (DAG) or calcium ions (Ca2+). Hence PKC enzymes play important roles in several signal transduction cascades.
In biochemistry, the PKC family consists of fifteen isozymes in humans. They are divided into three subfamilies, based on their second messenger requirements: conventional (or classical), novel, and atypical. Conventional (c)PKCs contain the isoforms α, βI, βII, and γ. These require Ca2+, DAG, and a phospholipid such as phosphatidylserine for activation. Novel (n)PKCs include the δ, ε, η, and θ isoforms, and require DAG, but do not require Ca2+ for activation. Thus, conventional and novel PKCs are activated through the same signal transduction pathway as phospholipase C. On the other hand, atypical (a)PKCs (including protein kinase Mζ and ι / λ isoforms) require neither Ca2+ nor diacylglycerol for activation. The term "protein kinase C" usually refers to the entire family of isoforms. The different classes of PKCs found in jawed vertebrates originate from 5 ancestral PKC family members (PKN, aPKC, cPKC, nPKCE, nPKCD) that expanded due to genome duplication. The broader PKC family is ancient and can be found back in fungi, which means that the PKC family was present in the last common ancestor of opisthokonts.
Human isozymes
conventional - require DAG, Ca2+, and phospholipid for activation
PKC-α ()
PKC-β1 ()
PKC-β2 ()
PKC-γ ()
novel - require DAG but not Ca2+ for activation
PKC-δ ()
PKC-ε ()
PKC-η ()
PKC-θ ()
atypical - require neither Ca2+ nor DAG for activation (require phosphatidyl serine)
PKC-ι ()
PKC-ζ ()
related PKD
PKD1 ()
PKD2 ()
PKD3 ()
related PKN
PK-N1 ()
PK-N2 ()
PK-N3 ()
Structure
The structure of all PKCs consists of a regulatory domain and a catalytic domain (Active site) tethered together by a hinge region. The catalytic region is highly conserved among the different isoforms, as well as, to a lesser degree, among the catalytic region of other serine/threonine kinases. The second messenger requirement differences in the isoforms are a result of the regulatory region, which are similar within the classes, but differ among them. Most of the crystal structure of the catalytic region of PKC has not been determined, except for PKC theta and iota. Due to its similarity to other kinases whose crystal structure have been determined, the structure can be strongly predicted.
Regulatory
The regulatory domain or the amino-terminus of the PKCs contains several shared subregions. The C1 domain, present in all of the isoforms of PKC has a binding site for DAG as well as non-hydrolysable, non-physiological analogues called phorbol esters. This domain is functional and capable of binding DAG in both conventional and novel isoforms, however, the C1 domain in atypical PKCs is incapable of binding to DAG or phorbol esters. The C2 domain acts as a Ca2+ sensor and is present in both conventional and novel isoforms, but functional as a Ca2+ sensor only in the conventional. The pseudosubstrate region, which is present in all three classes of PKC, is a small sequence of amino acids that mimic a substrate and bind the substrate-binding cavity in the catalytic domain, lack critical serine, threonine phosphoacceptor residues, keeping the enzyme inactive. When Ca2+ and DAG are present in sufficient concentrations, they bind to the C2 and C1 domain, respectively, and recruit PKC to the membrane. This interaction with the membrane results in release of the pseudosubstrate from the catalytic site and activation of the enzyme. In order for these allosteric interactions to occur, however, PKC must first be properly folded and in the correct conformation permissive for catalytic action. This is contingent upon phosphorylation of the catalytic region, discussed below.
Catalytic
The catalytic region or kinase core of the PKC allows for different functions to be processed; PKB (also known as Akt) and PKC kinases contains approximately 40% amino acid sequence similarity. This similarity increases to ~ 70% across PKCs and even higher when comparing within classes. For example, the two atypical PKC isoforms, ζ and ι/λ, are 84% identical (Selbie et al., 1993). Of the over-30 protein kinase structures whose crystal structure has been revealed, all have the same basic organization. They are a bilobal structure with a β sheet comprising the N-terminal lobe and an α helix constituting the C-terminal lobe. Both the ATP-binding protein (ATP)- and the substrate-binding sites are located in the cleft formed by these two terminal lobes. This is also where the pseudosubstrate domain of the regulatory region binds.
Another feature of the PKC catalytic region that is essential to the viability of the kinase is its phosphorylation. The conventional and novel PKCs have three phosphorylation sites, termed: the activation loop, the turn motif, and the hydrophobic motif. The atypical PKCs are phosphorylated only on the activation loop and the turn motif. Phosphorylation of the hydrophobic motif is rendered unnecessary by the presence of a glutamic acid in place of a serine, which, as a negative charge, acts similar in manner to a phosphorylated residue. These phosphorylation events are essential for the activity of the enzyme, and 3-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase-1 (PDPK1) is the upstream kinase responsible for initiating the process by transphosphorylation of the activation loop.
The consensus sequence of protein kinase C enzymes is similar to that of protein kinase A, since it contains basic amino acids close to the Ser/Thr to be phosphorylated. Their substrates are, e.g., MARCKS proteins, MAP kinase, transcription factor inhibitor IκB, the vitamin D3 receptor VDR, Raf kinase, calpain, and the epidermal growth factor receptor.
Activation
Upon activation, protein kinase C enzymes are translocated to the plasma membrane by RACK proteins (membrane-bound receptor for activated protein kinase C proteins). The protein kinase C enzymes are known for their long-term activation: They remain activated after the original activation signal or the Ca2+-wave is gone. It is presumed that this is achieved by the production of diacylglycerol from phosphatidylinositol by a phospholipase; fatty acids may also play a role in long-term activation. A critical part of PKC activation is translocation to the cell membrane. Interestingly is this process disrupted in microgravity, which causes immunodeficiency of astronauts.
Function
A multiplicity of functions have been ascribed to PKC. Recurring themes are that PKC is involved in receptor desensitization, in modulating membrane structure events, in regulating transcription, in mediating immune responses, in regulating cell growth, and in learning and memory. These functions are achieved by PKC-mediated phosphorylation of other proteins. PKC plays an important role in the immune system through phosphorylation of CARD-CC family proteins and subsequent NF-κB activation. However, the substrate proteins present for phosphorylation vary, since protein expression is different between different kinds of cells. Thus, effects of PKC are cell-type-specific:
Pathology
Protein kinase C, activated by tumor promoter phorbol ester, may phosphorylate potent activators of transcription, and thus lead to increased expression of oncogenes, promoting cancer progression, or interfere with other phenomena. Prolonged exposure to phorbol ester, however, promotes the down-regulation of Protein kinase C. Loss-of-function mutations and low PKC protein levels are prevalent in cancer, supporting a general tumor-suppressive role for Protein kinase C.
Protein kinase C enzymes are important mediators of vascular permeability and have been implicated in various vascular diseases including disorders associated with hyperglycemia in diabetes mellitus, as well as endothelial injury and tissue damage related to cigarette smoke. Low-level PKC activation is sufficient to reverse cell chirality through phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/AKT signaling and alters junctional protein organization between cells with opposite chirality, leading to an unexpected substantial change in endothelial permeability, which often leads to inflammation and disease.
Inhibitors
Protein kinase C inhibitors, such as ruboxistaurin, may potentially be beneficial in peripheral diabetic nephropathy.
Chelerythrine is a natural selective PKC inhibitor. Other naturally occurring PKCIs are miyabenol C, myricitrin, gossypol.
Other PKCIs : Verbascoside, BIM-1, Ro31-8220.
Bryostatin 1 can act as a PKC inhibitor; It was investigated for cancer.
Tamoxifen is a PKC inhibitor.
Activators
The Protein kinase C activator ingenol mebutate, derived from the plant Euphorbia peplus, is FDA-approved for the treatment of actinic keratosis.
Bryostatin 1 can act as a PKCe activator and as of 2016 is being investigated for Alzheimer's disease.
12-O-Tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate (PMA or TPA) is a diacylglycerol mimic that can activate the classical PKCs. It is often used together with ionomycin which provides the calcium-dependent signals needed for activation of some PKCs.
See also
Serine/threonine-specific protein kinase
Signal transduction
Yasutomi Nishizuka, discovered protein kinase C
Ccdc60
References
External links
EC 2.7.11
Protein kinases
