The Harold Florsheim House is a historic house at 650 Sheridan Road in Highland Park, Illinois. The house was built in 1925–28 for business person Harold M. Florsheim, who later became the president of Florsheim Shoes. Chicago architect Ernest Grunsfeld, who went on to design the Adler Planetarium, designed the house in the French Chateau style. The house includes a gable above the entrance, a multi-story three-sided bay window, casement windows, and a hip roof broken by dormers. Landscape architect Jens Jensen designed the house's grounds, making use of a ravine on the property to instill a sense of privacy.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Châteauesque architecture in the United States
Houses completed in 1928
Highland Park, Illinois
Thường Xuân is a township () and capital of Thường Xuân District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
The Lindenberg Peninsula is a peninsula on the eastern coast of Kupreanof Island, Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska, U.S.A. It is separated from the main portion of the island by the Duncan Canal.
The peninsula was named in 1853 by navigator Lt. Vasiliev of the Russian Hydrographic Department of the Imperial Russian Navy after Russian geographer of Finnish origin G. Lindenberg. Lindenberg explored and surveyed the Alexander Archipelago in 1838.
References
USGS-GNIS
Ensign Vasiliev
Peninsulas of Alaska
Alexander Archipelago
Landforms of Petersburg Borough, Alaska
The Advanced Computerized Execution System (ACES) is a NASDAQ subscription service paid for by market makers that allows order-entry firms trading in Nasdaq Capital Market and Nasdaq global market stocks access to a market maker's internal trading system to route to them using the ACES "Pass-Through". The market maker then executes the order internally, and sends a confirmation and trade report back through ACES to the order entry firm.
ACES acts as an order-routing interface between a firm entering orders, of any security, and a market maker's order management system. ACES is a voluntary service for which market makers must register. Once officially registered, market makers can then authorize their order entry customers to send them an order flow. Securities are designed as specified for automatic execution.
ACES automatically sends the trade information to Automated Confirmation Transaction Service (ACT) for reporting.
Part of the evolution of ACES includes the elimination of the execution function in 1998 with the introduction of new order handling rules. These rules encouraged Nasdaq participants to manage their order file internally rather than on ACES. The choice to keep the 'E' in ACES was merely because the acronym wasn't complete without it.
References
Financial markets
Nasdaq
The New Israelites were a radical sect founded by Nathaniel Wood in Vermont in the 1790s. Wood declared their followers "modern Israelites," and the group practiced a strict dietary code as they understood to be instructed in the Law of Moses. Like most radical sects, the group displayed spiritual gifts and made prophecies. At one point the group began building a temple, although the project was eventually abandoned.
History
Nathaniel Wood formed the New Israelites in Middletown, Rutland County, Vermont at the end of the 1790s. Originally a Congregationalist, Wood was excommunicated in 1789, after which they began to preach to small meetings whose attendees were mostly family and relatives. The sect may have been influenced by the Newent Separates of Norwich, who believed in perfectionist immortalism and spiritual wifery, and the preaching of Rev. Joel Benedict, who taught that Hebrew was the angelic tongue.
The sect claimed literal descent from the Ten Lost Tribes of Israel, and they practiced divination. After the sect was joined by a counterfeiter and treasure seer named "Winchell" (probably Justus Winchell) in the spring or early summer of 1800, the New Israelites began dowsing to look for buried treasure in Middletown and Rutland, Vermont. They also embarked on the construction of a temple. The group employed the divining rod for both treasure hunting and other forms of revelation. It was suspected that these efforts masked a counterfeiting operation. Wood predicted the arrival of a "Destroying Angel" on 14 January 1802 that would bring down plagues and earthquakes upon the "gentiles."
On 14 January 1802, the day that Wood said would be the commencement of the Apocalypse, as the sect gathered together to await the arrival of the "destroying angel", the locals were so alarmed that on the night in question the militia was called out. The militia then fired their weapons to disperse this "Fraternity of Rodsmen". This event was subsequently known as the "Wood Scrape." After the Wood Scrape, Wood and their family moved to Ellisburg, New York, and the sect became extinct.
Possible connection to Mormonism
Members of the New Israelites may have included Joseph Smith, Sr., the father of the Mormon prophet, and William Cowdery, father of Book of Mormon witness Oliver Cowdery. The best case exists for connecting Cowdery family, as they are known to have lived near the Woods in the early 19th century, and later attended a Congregationalist church in Poultney, Vermont after the Wood Scrape. Oliver Cowdery, who was not born at the time of the Wood Scrape, was later known as a dowser, and was the second highest ranking early leader of the Latter Day Saint movement, next to Joseph Smith, Jr. Witnesses from Vermont connected William Cowdery to the sect, before these witnesses could have known from media reports that their son Oliver was a dowser.
Vermont residents who were interviewed by a local historian said that Joseph Smith, Sr. was also part of the New Israelites, and was one of its "leading rods-men". However, there is no historical consensus linking Smith to the New Israelites because of the difficulty in placing Joseph Smith, Sr. in Rutland County, Vermont during that time period. Although residents said that they lived in Poultney, Vermont "at the time of the Wood movement here", there are no other records placing Smith closer than about 50 miles away. On the other hand, Smith's involvement with the New Israelites would be consistent with their links to Congregationalism and their reported admission in 1837 that they entered the money digging business "more than thirty years" ago.
Notes
References
.
.
.
.
Christian denominations founded in the United States
Christian new religious movements
Former Christian denominations
Groups claiming Israelite descent
is a railway station on the Uetsu Main Line in the city of Tainai, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Nakajō Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line and is 29.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform connected by a footbridge. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
History
The station opened on 1 June 1914. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 1191 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Tainai city hall
Nakajo Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Tainai, Niigata
St. Mary High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States, that operated as part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark until the school was closed in June 2011.
As of the 2009-10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 203 students and 12.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 15.9.
Athletics
The St. Mary High School Ramblers competed in the Hudson County Interscholastic Athletic Association, which includes public and private high schools in Hudson County, and operated under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association.
The baseball team has won the Non-Public B state championship in 1981, defeating Saint James High School of Carneys Point Township in the tournament final.
The boys basketball team won the Non-Public B state championship in 1967 (defeating St. Peter the Apostle High School of New Brunswick in the tournament final) and 1969 (vs. Gloucester Catholic High School), and won the Non-Public C title in 1972 (vs. St. Patrick's High School) and 1975 (vs. Sacred Heart High School). The 1975 team finished with a record of 25-4 after holding off a furious rally by Sacred Heart to win the Parochial C title with a 51-50 victory in the championship game played at Brookdale Community College.The 1975 team finished the season with a record of 20-7 after defeating St. Cecilia by a score of 79-41 to win the Parochial B state championship game.
Closing
Despite a tuition that at $4,300 was little more than half of the rates charges by other schools in the Newark Archdiocese, falling enrollment meant that the school would have been too small to justify remaining open. After its founding in 1956, the school grew to a peak of 450 students in the 1980s, which had declined to 381 by 2000. In 2008 Sisters of St. Joseph decided to no longer financially support the school. The 2010-11 graduating class of 72 combined with enrollment of under 15 students for the upcoming school year would have put total enrollment at an unsustainably small 100 students for the 2011-12 year, which led the Archdiocese to decide to close the school.
Notable alumni
Jim Boylan (born 1955), basketball coach., who served as the interim head coach for the Chicago Bulls for part of the 2007–08 NBA season and as an interim coach for the Milwaukee Bucks for part of the 2012–13 NBA season.
Lori Serrano, former Commissioner and Chairwoman of the Jersey City Housing Authority.
Notable faculty
Tony Nicodemo (born 1935), college basketball player who set several records while playing for Saint Michael's College of Vermont in the late 1950s and who was athletic director at St. Mary for 30 years.
References
External links
School Website
St. Mary High School, National Center for Education Statistics
1956 establishments in New Jersey
2011 disestablishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1956
Educational institutions disestablished in 2011
High schools in Jersey City, New Jersey
Private high schools in Hudson County, New Jersey
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark
Defunct Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
Jenna Rose Burkert (born May 9, 1993) is an American freestyle wrestler. They won one of the bronze medals in the women's 55 kg event at the 2021 World Wrestling Championships held in Oslo, Norway.
Career
They competed in the girls' freestyle 60 kg event at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics held in Singapore.
They also competed in the women's 60 kg event at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, in the women's 59 kg event at the 2018 World Wrestling Championships in Budapest, Hungary and in the women's 57 kg event at the 2019 World Wrestling Championships in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan.
In 2019, they won the silver medal in the women's 57 kg event at the Pan American Games held in Lima, Peru. In 2021, they won one of the bronze medals in the women's 55 kg event at the World Wrestling Championships held in Oslo, Norway.
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
1993 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
American female sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in wrestling
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Wrestlers at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
World Wrestling Championships medalists
21st-century American women
20th-century American women
Ken Harbaugh (born December 15, 1973) is a former United States Navy pilot and nonprofit executive. Harbaugh was the Democratic Party nominee for the U.S. House of Representatives representing Ohio's 7th congressional district in the 2018 election.
Early life, education, and military service
Harbaugh, who grew up in a military family, earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Duke University in 1996 and a Juris Doctor degree from Yale Law School in 2008, and studied at Oxford University while an undergraduate at Duke. They served for nine years in the United States Navy as a naval aviator. Their qualifications include Electronic Warfare Aircraft Commander, the lead pilot of an EP-3A Aries II electronic reconnaissance aircraft.
In 2015, Harbaugh wrote an opinion piece in The New York Times, criticizing what they regard as a lax VA disability compensation program.
Ken Harbaugh was the 2020 Hooah Award winner, given annually to an American veteran “who defines citizenship through service to our country, both in uniform and beyond.” Their writing on civil-military affairs has appeared in The Atlantic, The New York Times, The Bulwark, and the Yale Journal of International Law. They served as a commentator for National Public Radio and as host for Crooked Media's Reclaiming Patriotism. They currently host several podcasts, including Warriors in Their Own Words, and Burn the Boats, which received a 2021 Ambies nomination for best political podcast of the year.
Nonprofit career
In 2007, Harbaugh co-founded The Mission Continues, a nonprofit focusing on veterans issues, with Eric Greitens, who went on to become the Republican Governor of Missouri. The Mission Continues was chronicled in Joe Klein's book Charlie Mike, which detailed the efforts of Harbaugh, Greitens, and others to raise money for and then staff their organization.
 They are the former president of Team Rubicon, a nonprofit that deploys military veterans worldwide as emergency first responders.
Personal life
Harbaugh and their wife, Annmarie, have two daughters and a son. In 2009, the family moved from Connecticut to Chagrin Falls, Ohio, and then moved to California in 2014. They moved back to Ohio in 2016, purchasing a home in Avon.
References
Duke University alumni
Living people
Ohio Democrats
United States Naval Aviators
United States Navy officers
Yale Law School alumni
1973 births
Candidates in the 2018 United States elections
is a private junior college in Takahashi, Okayama, Japan, established in 1967. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1966.
See also
Kibi International University
External links
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Alikhan, also romanised as Alihan or Elihan, is a masculine given name among traditionally Muslim ethnicities in the former Soviet Union, and a surname found in Pakistan and India. It is derived the name Ali and the suffix Khan.
People with this given name include:
Alikhan Bukeikhanov (1866–1937), Kazakh statesman
Elihan Tore (1884–1976), president of the Second East Turkestan Republic
Alihan Samedov (born 1964), Azerbaijani traditional musician
Alikhan Ramazanov (born 1976), Russian football defender and midfielder (Russian Premier League)
Alikhan Shavayev (born 1993), Russian football midfielder (Russian Premier League)
People with this surname include:
Rehan Alikhan (born 1962), English cricketer of Pakistani descent
Arif Alikhan (born 1968), American government official of Pakistani descent
See also
Ali Khan (disambiguation)
Azerbaijani masculine given names
Kazakh masculine given names
Potok-Stany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Potok-Stany
In enzymology, a L-ribulose-5-phosphate 3-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-ribulose 5-phosphate L-xylulose 5-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-ribulose 5-phosphate, and one product, L-xylulose 5-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-ribulose-5-phosphate 3-epimerase. Other names in common use include L-xylulose 5-phosphate 3-epimerase, UlaE, and SgaU. This enzyme participates in ascorbate and aldarate metabolism.
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
St Loman's Mullingar GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club in Mullingar, Ireland.
History
The club was founded with the name Mental Hospital and represented the staff of St. Loman's Hospital, Mullingar, a notorious psychiatric hospital which operated from 1855–2015. They played under the name Springfield Stars in 1910, becoming Mental Hospital in the 1920s and St. Loman's Mullingar in the late 1950s.
The club plays at St Loman's Sports Ground on the Delvin Road.
Gaelic football
St Loman's have won nine county senior titles and are the current (2021) county champions.
Hurling
Mental Hospital won the 1924 Westmeath Senior Hurling Championship.
Ladies' football
St Loman's Ground hosted the final of the 2000 All-Ireland Ladies Club Football Championship.
Notable players
Mick Carley
Paddy Flanagan
John Heslin
Sam McCartan
Billy O'Loughlin
Ronan O'Toole
Paul Sharry
Phil Smyth
Honours
Westmeath Senior Football Championship winner: 1948, 1961, 1963, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2020, 2021
Westmeath Senior Hurling Championship winner: 1924
References
External links
Official site
Facebook page
Ladies' football club on Facebook
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Westmeath
Gaelic football clubs in County Westmeath
In Māori mythology, Hine-i-Tapeka or Tapeka is a goddess of underground fire.  They are the sister of Hine-nui-te-pō and Mahuika, and their parents are given as Tāne or Makara and Rotua. According to Ngāti Awa legend, they pursued Māui after they had destroyed the Fire Children. According to Tākitimu, they hid their fire under the earth, where it became the origin of volcanic fire.
References
Māori goddesses
Fire goddesses
Canada national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Canada that represents the team in international competitions. Canada has participated in a number of international tournaments and IFCPF World Championships. In the most recent edition they finished 10th, after losing their placement match to Scotland in extra time. They have appeared in one Paralympic Games, 1984.
Background
Canadian Soccer Association oversees the national team. The sport was originally governed by the Canadian Cerebral Palsy Sports Association. The Canadian Soccer Association (CSA) began governing the team in 2005, with an initial player pool of 13 players. In 2011, the team was coached by Drew Ferguson. In this early period under CSA governance, the team was coached by Drew Ferguson. The team held nine national team camps and mini camps in 2011. This totals 4,732 player camp days. By the end of the 2011, the player pool for the national team exceeded 100 players. By 2016, Canada had a national championship to support the national team and was active in participating in the IFCPF World Championships.
National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2015.
Ranking
Canada was ranked tenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. That same year, the team was also ranked fourth in the Americas. In August 2013 and November 2014, the team was ranked eleventh in the world. Canada was ranked twelfth in July 2011 and September 2012.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Canadian squad.
Results
Canada has participated in a number of international tournaments. At the Football 7-a-side International Tournament in Portugal in 2011, Canada played four games. They defeated Portugal 7–0. They lost to the Netherlands 0–4. They defeated Mexico 3–2. They lost to the Netherlands 1–3. Six teams participated in the Toronto hosted American Cup in 2014. Group A included Venezuela, Argentina and Canada. Group B included Mexico, Brazil and the United States. The tournament was important for preparations for the 2015 Parapan American Games, and because it was the last major continental level competition of the year. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
Canada has also played in a number of friendlies. In December 2011, Canada and the United States played a series of three friendly matches in Chula Vista, California. Canada won the opener 4 - 2. They then repeated this score in the second match. The United States won the third game 2 - 3.
In 2011, Canada finished with a record of eight wins and five losses in international play.
IFCPF World Championships
Canada has participated in the IFCPF World Championships. At the 2011 CP-ISRA World Championship in Drenthe, the Netherlands, Canada defeated Finland 6 - 0, Canada lost to Ukraine 0 - 5, Canada lost to Scotland 1 - 4, Canada beat Spain 3 - 2, Canada lost to Ireland 0 - 6 and Canada lost to Australia 0 - 2.
Paralympic Games
Canada has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games. The team tried to qualify for the 2012 Summer Paralympics but were unable to do so.
References
Palsy
Canada at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1984 Summer Paralympics
In the Micronesian mythology of Kiribati (formerly the Gilbert Islands) Uekera is a tree that reaches to the heavens; Te Kaintikuaba which is translated as the "tree of life" or "tree of knowledge" in Kiribati legend. It is said to have been planted in Buariki village in North Tarawa by Nei Tekanuea. The creation story is that spirits who lived in Te Kaintikuaba in Samoa, migrated northward carrying branches from the tree and created the islands of Tungaru (the Gilberts). It is the inspiration for the name of the Kiribati weekly newspaper, Te Uekera.
Notes
References
A Combined Kiribati-English Dictionary compiled by Stephen Trussel and Gordon W. Groves, University of Hawaii, 1978.
Plants of Kiribati: A Listing and Analysis of Vernacular Names by R. R. Thaman. Atoll Research Journal No. 296. Issued by the Smithsonian Institution, August 1987. Page 10.
Kiribati Communications
Aid workers find a new life in the Marshall Islands Taipei Times, Jan 27, 2004, Page 3.
Kiribati mythology
Trees in mythology
Jennifer Mundel (born 20 January 1962) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa. They reached the quarterfinals of the singles event at the 1983 Wimbledon championships after victories against seeded players Sylvia Hanika and Hana Mandlíková. Them only professional singles title came at the 1983 Bakersfield Open which was part of the Ginny Circuit. They were a doubles finalist at the 1982 Hong Kong Open, the 1984 Central Fidelity Banks International, and the 1985 Virginia Slims of Indianapolis.
Career finals
Singles (1 win)
References
External links
South African female tennis players
Living people
1962 births
People from Rustenburg
White South African people
The Haven-Villa of Winter Haven was a professional football team based in Winter Haven, Florida in 1926. While the team originated as a successful local team. However, the team was taken over by members of the Tampa Cardinals, featuring Jim Thorpe, and later the Millville Big Blue, a pro club from Millville, New Jersey, when the teams played a series of exhibition games in the winter of 1926.
Cardinals
When Milleville first came to Florida, it had scheduled a game against Haven-Villa. However, the day of the game, Thorpe and several of the other Cardinals, fresh off of a loss against Red Grange and the Chicago Bears of the National Football League, showed up in the Haven-Villa line-up. The game resulted in a lopsided 28–6 victory for Millville. The win, however, proved costly, as Gyp Downey, the team's star kicker, suffered a fractured collar bone, ending their season. The Millville newspapers reported prior to the game that Red Grange would be officiating the game, however there were no reports of Grange doing so. Jim Thorpe also did not play in the game, probably due to their age and health issues, however several of their old teammates from the NFL did play. Those players include Pete Calac, Joe Little Twig and Rube Ursella.
Big Blue
Shortly after the game it was announced that the Millville squad would, for the remainder of its stay in Florida, play under the Haven-Villa name. Art Bulger, a member of the old Haven-Villa lineup, was added to roster. Bob Daley took over as the team's manager. On January 11, the Haven-Villas headed to Palm Beach to square-off against a local club known as the Palm Beach Evergladers led by Jim Kendrick, a regular with the NFL's Buffalo All-Americans. Prior to the game, Palm Beach was reportedly undefeated in seven previous outings and touted as the Southern professional champions. However, Winter Haven still rolled to a 16–0 victory.
Two days later the Villas were on the road for the first in a two-game series with the Tampa Cardinals, now called the St. Petersburg Cardinals. The team featured the same lineup as the “Tampa” Cardinals team that had originally been organized to play a New Years Day exhibition against Grange and the Bears. After a slow start both teams picked up the pace throughout the second half however those still the game ended a scoreless draw. The two teams faced each other again just a few days later, on the grounds of the high school at Winter Haven. Although the Cards, started strong, neither team managed to put any points on the board during the first two quarters. However, after in the third quarter, Ginny Gooch broke free on an end-around and quickly covered the sixty yards to the end-zone. That touchdown initiated a landslide of Haven-Villa scoring, as the team went on to a 38–0 win.
The very next day the two teams met for a third contest, this time at Adair Park. The Cardinals were now playing under the banner of "Lena Vista," while the Millville-Haven-Villa team was billed as the "Eastern States All-Stars." The game was not much different than the previous afternoon's game. The Cardinals were clearly overmatched, as the All-Stars ran up 24 unanswered points en route to their second shutout victory in as many days. Following the game, everyone agreed that, that a break was needed from football after a long season that began in September 1925. The decision was made to disband the team and head home. Most of the players caught the train back to Philadelphia the following evening, although a few extended their stay to pursue some real estate investment opportunities.
Legacy
The Big Blue-Cardinals post-season swing through Florida had mixed results. The Big Blue certainly met with great success on the field, going 5-0-1 in postseason play under a variety of banners (two victories as Millville, a pair of victories and a tie as Haven-Villa, and another victory as the Eastern States All-Stars). However, there was a lack of fan interest, as the final games between the Cardinals and Big Blue drew small crowds of only a few hundred spectators.
References
Millville Football & Athletic Club
Millville Football & Athletic Club PFRA
Defunct independent American football teams
American football teams established in 1926
American football teams in Florida
1926 disestablishments in Florida
Winter Haven, Florida
1926 establishments in Florida
Sports in Polk County, Florida
Sport clubs disestablished in 1926
Termitomyces tylerianus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae. Found in Africa and China, it was first formally described in 1964. Fruit bodies (mushrooms) grow in groups or clusters near termite nests in deciduous forests. The mushrooms are edible.
References
Edible fungi
Fungi described in 1964
Fungi of Africa
Fungi of Asia
Lyophyllaceae
As baicalin is a flavone glycoside, it is a flavonoid. It is the glucuronide of baicalein.
Natural occurrences
Baicalin is found in several species in the genus Scutellaria, including Scutellaria baicalensis, and Scutellaria lateriflora. There are 10 mg/g baicalin in Scutellaria galericulata leaves. It is also present in the bark isolate of the Oroxylum indicum tree.
Medical uses
Baicalin is one of the chemical ingredients of at least two herbal supplements: Shuanghuanglian and Sho-Saiko-To, which is a Chinese classic herbal formula, and listed in Japan as Kampo medicine.
Baicalin, along with its aglycone baicalein, is a positive allosteric modulator of the benzodiazepine site and/or a non-benzodiazepine site of the GABAA receptor. In mice, baicalin produces anxiolytic effects without sedative or myorelaxant effects. It is thought that baicalin, along with other flavonoids, may underlie the anxiolytic effects of S. baicalensis and S. lateriflora.
Baicalin is a known prolyl endopeptidase inhibitor. It induces apoptosis in pancreatic cancer cells.
References
Anxiolytics
Flavone glycosides
Flavonoid glucuronides
Glucuronide esters
GABAA receptor positive allosteric modulators
María José Martínez Sánchez (; born 12 August 1982) is a Spanish retired professional tennis player. In singles, they have won five WTA singles titles, their biggest being a Premier 5 title at the 2010 Italian Open where they defeated two former World No. 1 players, Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Janković, en route to the title. As a junior, they won the Orange Bowl and French Open. They reached their career high ranking in singles of World No. 19 on 10 May 2010.
In doubles, Martínez Sánchez has won 21 WTA titles, ten of which came with Nuria Llagostera Vives. Among them are the 2009 WTA Tour Championships, 2009 Rogers Cup and Dubai Tennis Championships 2010–2011. Martínez Sánchez reached a career high doubles ranking of World No. 4 on 5 July 2010.
Career
Martínez Sánchez won the 1999 Orange Bowl, a year-ending tennis event for Juniors. Next year they became the champion of French Open girls' doubles. They made their first Grand Slam draw at the 2001 Australian Open losing to the 3rd seed Venus Williams in 3 sets.
2008
At the 2008 Wimbledon Championships, they advanced to the third round where they lost to eventual champion Venus Williams. In their next Grand Slam, the 2008 US Open, they lost in the first round to Sabine Lisicki.
They finished off the year of a ranking of 87, and only the second time of their career that they finish the year in the top 100 (her first being all the way back in 2001).
2009
Martínez Sánchez started the year playing at the 2009 Australian Open, the first Grand Slam of the year. In the first round, they upset the 32nd seed Tamarine Tanasugarn 7–5, 6–3. They then defeated Akgul Amanmuradova 6–2, 6–4 but lost in the third round to compatriot Carla Suárez Navarro 6–1, 6–4. In doubles, they and Nuria Llagostera Vives were seeded 11th and defeated 6th seeds Yan Zi and Zheng Jie in the third round but they lost a tough match in the quarterfinals to Nathalie Dechy and Mara Santangelo 3–6, 7–6, 7–6.
María José next played at the 2009 Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas where they were seeded 7th. They defeated Anastasiya Yakimova, Arantxa Parra Santonja and Betina Jozami to reach the semi-finals where they won a close match against Patricia Mayr 7–5, 7–5. They captured their first WTA singles title when they defeated 3rd seed Gisela Dulko 6–3, 6–2 in the final. In doubles, Martínez Sánchez and Llagostera Vives were the top seeds and they reached the final where they beat second seeds Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta 7–5, 3–6, [10–7] to win their first doubles title of the year.
They reached the third round at Roland Garros. In that match against world number 2 Serena Williams, they were accused of cheating and poor sportsmanship. At 2–2 in the first set, and having a break point at 30–40, Martínez Sánchez hit a drop shot and approached the net. Williams charged, and smashed a backhand, which deflected off of Martínez Sánchez, which appeared to be a winner, and Martínez Sánchez was awarded the point. Williams insisted that the ball had hit Martínez Sánchez's arm, not their racquet (which replays confirmed), but the umpire refused to change the decision. Williams, annoyed, threatened Martínez Sánchez, stating, "I'm gonna get you in the locker room girl, you don't know me." After the match Williams called their "a cheater". Martínez Sánchez went on to lose the match to Williams 6–4, 3–6, 4–6.
Martínez Sánchez won their second singles title at the year at the 2009 Swedish Open. On the way they defeated 4th seed Kaia Kanepi, Carla Suárez Navarro and Gisela Dulko before beating top seed and World No. 9 Caroline Wozniacki 7–5, 6–4 in the final.
Martínez Sánchez and their partner Nuria Llagostera Vives won the year ending championships in doubles. As the third seeds, they defeated Venus Williams and Serena Williams 2–6, 6–4, [10–8] before winning the biggest title of their careers against World No. 1's Cara Black and Liezel Huber 7–6, 5–7, [10–8] in the final.
Maria qualified to play at the 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions in Bali. They recovered from a first set deficit to beat Szávay in 3 sets 4–6, 6–4, 6–0 in their second group round robin match they beat Stosur in straight sets 7–6, 7–5 where Stosur served a 208kmps world record serve. In the semifinal they lost against Aravane Rezaï 6–2, 6–3, who clearly outplayed them on that day.
Overall, Martínez Sánchez had the greatest year of their career. The highlights were winning two singles WTA titles at Bogotá and Båstad (Sweden) and by reaching the third rounds at the Australian Open, French Open, US Open. They ended the year ranked World No. 30.
In doubles, they won seven titles with Nuria Llagostera Vives at Bogotá, Acapulco, Barcelona, Palermo, Toronto, New Haven and the most important, the WTA Tour Championships in Doha. They ended the year ranked World No. 5.
2010
Them first tournament of the year was winning the Hopman Cup with partner Tommy Robredo. They reached the Final after defeating top seeds Australia, the United States, and Romania without losing a single match. However, they had a shock loss to young British prospect Laura Robson but was able to secure a 2–1 win for Spain.
Martínez Sánchez was seeded 24th at the 2010 Australian Open but lost in the second round to World No. 35 Zheng Jie 2–6, 6–2, 6–3.
At Indian Wells, they entered in the second round against A. Dulgheru and struggled through in three sets, 2–6, 6–3, 6–1. Then they went on winning in straight sets over Belarusian Victoria Azarenka in the third round, 7–6, 6–2, and another straight sets win over Belgian Yanina Wickmayer in the fourth round 6–4, 6–4. In the quarterfinals they were defeated by Samantha Stosur in straight sets, 3–6, 6–7.
Martínez Sánchez major breakthrough tournament came at the Italian Open, a Premier 5 event in Rome where nine of the top ten women were competing. They upset World No. 17 Francesca Schiavone, World No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki and then Lucie Šafářová in straight sets. They then defeated Ana Ivanovic in the semifinals 6–4, 6–2 and went on to beat World No. 7 Jelena Janković in the final 7–6, 7–5 to win the biggest title of their career so far. Due to their impressive performance in Rome, they became a top 20 player for the first time, at No.19. However, they were unable to carry any momentum at all into the 2010 French Open, suffering defeat in the first round, because their neck was injured while they were training the same day and they could hardly move the neck in the match.
They returned in Eastbourne, winning the first match against Vera Zvonareva and the second round again Aravane Rezaï. They were defeated in the quarterfinals by Marion Bartoli in a really hard match. But more bad luck came to María once again when their leg was injured due to bad movement before their quarterfinals doubles match. This time would be worse for they would miss Wimbledon and most of the summer season, before returning in New Haven and losing in the first round against wildcard Elena Dementieva.
In the 2010 US Open, they failed to repeat their 3rd round finish of the previous year, losing in the 2nd round against Patty Schnyder in a tight match 7–6, 6–4. Overall the result was good for Martínez Sánchez who had made a lot of unforced errors and Schnyder who had their best match in the past few months.
2011
Martínez Sánchez started off the year at the 2011 Medibank International Sydney where they defeated Daniela Hantuchová in the first round 6–2, 6–4 before setting up a meeting with Alisa Kleybanova where they lost 6–2, 6–4. In the 2011 Australian Open Martínez Sánchez was seeded 26. In the first round they faced Gréta Arn who had recently won the 2011 ASB Classic event in Auckland. Martínez Sánchez won against Arn although was subsequently defeated by Frenchwoman Alizé Cornet in the second round.
At the 2011 Wimbledon Championships, Martínez Sánchez came from a set down to upset 15th seed Jelena Janković in the first round. They then made quick work of Romanian Monica Niculescu in the following match. They lost to 23rd seed and 5-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams in the third round.
They have earned two International Championships in 2011. In July, Martínez Sánchez defeated Patricia Mayr-Achleitner 6–0, 7–4 at the Bad Gastein Ladies in Bad Gastein, Austria. They followed that win with a 7–6, 7–6 victory over Galina Voskoboeva at the Hansol Korea Open in September.
2012
2012 was a year of injury and struggles for Martínez Sánchez as they consequently fell out of the top 150 in singles.
After withdrawing from the Australian Open with a left knee injury, they failed to win a main draw match until the French Open, where they reached the 3rd round losing to 15th seed Dominika Cibulková, 2–6, 1–6. Martínez Sánchez experienced even more success in doubles where they reached the semis with Nuria Llagostera Vives losing to eventual champions and 4th seeds Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci.
Martínez Sánchez lost to Laura Robson and Ana Ivanovic both in 3 sets, at the Aegon International and Wimbledon respectively, the first sending them out of the top 50. However, in doubles, again with Llagostera Vives, they won in Eastbourne without dropping a set and defeating the top 2 seeds, but they lost in the quarterfinals of Wimbledon to Flavia Pennetta and Francesca Schiavone in a tough three-setter.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Martínez Sánchez defeated Polona Hercog 6–4, 6–2, before being routed out by Victoria Azarenka 1–6, 2–6. They and Llagostera Vives routed Casey Dellacqua and Samantha Stosur 6–1, 6–1, before falling to Peng Shuai and Zheng Jie 4–6, 2–6.
The Spaniard then lost in the first round of both singles and doubles in tough matches at Montreal. They fell out of the top 100 of singles following the loss to Carla Suárez Navarro.
Despite falling first round again in singles in Cincinnati, Martínez Sánchez and Llagostera Vives were pushed in the first round by Olga Govortsova and Alla Kudryavtseva, but fell to 8th seeds Katarina Srebotnik and Zheng Jie 4–6, 3–6.
A good run at the US Open caused them to bounce back into the top 100 of singles and the top 15 of doubles. After a tough first round match with fellow veteran Mirjana Lučić winning 6–3, 7–5, they pushed eventual champ Serena Williams 6–2, 6–4. The scoreline was easier than it looks however. After a series of tough wins with Llagostera Vives in doubles, they met the eventual champions Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci falling 2–6, 3–6.
Entering the 2012 Hansol Korea Open as the defending champion, they played well defeating Eleni Daniilidou, and Nadia Petrova via walkover, but lost in the quarterfinals where they were routed by Ekaterina Makarova 1–6, 1–6. The loss sent them sprawling out of the top 100 to 137. Martínez Sánchez then lost in the first round of qualies at Tokyo, Beijing, and Osaka. In Osaka, they managed to push 2nd seed Zheng Jie to a tough three-setter losing 6–4, 5–7, 4–6 despite going up a set and 5–2.
2015
After giving birth in November 2013 to a daughter, Andrea, they returned on the main tour in the Miami Open doubles draw pairing with Vera Dushevina.
2019
Alongside partner Neal Skupski, the Spaniard was beaten in their mixed doubles semi-final in the Australian Open 2019.
Significant finals
Year-end championships finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
Tier I / Premier Mandatory & Premier 5 finals
Singles: 1 (1 title)
Doubles: 7 (3 titles, 4 runners-up)
WTA career finals
Singles: 6 (5 titles, 1 runner-up)
Doubles: 35 (21 titles, 14 runners-up)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles (12–8)
Doubles (23–16)
Team events (1)
Performance timelines
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Tennis players from the Region of Murcia
People from Yecla
Spanish female tennis players
Tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Tennis players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Spain
Hopman Cup competitors
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in girls' doubles
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Spain
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in tennis
French Open junior champions
The United States Space Force is organized by different units: the Space Staff, the field commands, and the space deltas.
The Space Force is organized as one of two coequal military service branches within the Department of the Air Force, the other being the United States Air Force. Both services are overseen by the Secretary of the Air Force, who has overall responsibility for organizing, training, and equipping the Air Force and Space Force.
The military head of the Space Force is the chief of space operations (CSO), who is an officer in the grade of general.
History
On 20 December 2019, Air Force Space Command's principal components were 14th Air Force (Air Forces Strategic) and the Space and Missile Systems Center. At the same time as the creation of the Space Force 14th Air Force was redesignated as Space Operations Command.
Space Staff
The Space Staff is the headquarters of the U.S. Space Force. Like the U.S. Air Force's Air Staff that is under the Department of the Air Force, it is overseen by the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. It is responsible for developing doctrine, guidance, and plans in performing the Space Force's functions, cooperating with the Air Staff on support issues. It is composed of the military service's most senior leaders: the chief of space operations, the vice chief of space operations, and the chief master sergeant of the Space Force. Like the other services, there is a director of staff who oversees the synchronization of policies and plans of the headquarters staff and four deputy chiefs of space operations.
The Space Staff was designed to be lean. Compared to the Air Force's nine headquarters directorates, the Space Force merged nine functional areas into four directorates. Additionally, each of the four deputy chiefs of space operations has unofficial positional titles akin to that of corporate organizations: chief human capital officer, chief operations officer, chief technology and innovation officer, and chief strategy and resourcing officer. The chief human capital officer and chief technology and innovation officer positions are held by senior civilian officials at the SES-3 level, while both the chief operations officer and chief strategy and resourcing officer positions are filled by two lieutenant generals.
Chief of Space Operations (CSO): Gen John W. Raymond
Vice Chief of Space Operations (VCSO): Gen David D. Thompson
Director of Staff: Lt Gen Nina M. Armagno
Deputy Director of Staff: Wade Yamada
for Personnel (S1): Katharine Kelley
Assistant DCSO for Personnel: Todd L. Remington
DCSO for Operations, Cyber, and Nuclear (S2/3/4/6/7/10): Lt Gen B. Chance Saltzman
Assistant DCSO for Operations, Cyber, and Nuclear: Brig Gen Troy Endicott
Director of Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (S2): Brig Gen Gregory Gagnon
Mobilization Assistant to the DCSO: Brig Gen Traci Kueker-Murphy, USAF
DCSO for Strategy, Plans, Programs, Requirements, and Analysis (S5/8): Lt Gen Philip Garrant
Director of Plans and Programs (S8): Brig Gen Jennifer L. Grant, USAF
Mobilization Assistant to the DCSO: Brig Gen Damon S. Feltman, USAF
DCSO for Technology and Innovation (S9): Dr. Lisa Costa
Assistant DCSO for Technology and Innovation: Col Roy V. Rockwell
Mobilization Assistant to the CSO: Maj Gen John M. Olson, USAF
Chief Master Sergeant of the Space Force (CMSSF): CMSSF Roger A. Towberman
Field organization
The Space Force field organization consist of three different echelons of command: field commands, deltas, and squadrons.
Field command
Field commands align with specific mission focuses and are led by officers in the grade of lieutenant general or major general, comparable to the United States Air Force's major command. The Space Force's three field commands will be Space Operations Command (SpOC), Space Systems Command (SSC), and Space Training and Readiness Command (STARCOM).
Space Operations Command
The Space Operations Command (SpOC) will be the primary force provider of space forces and capabilities. It is responsible for the organization, training, equipping, command and control, and employment of space forces to support operational plans and missions for U.S. combatant commanders. It is headquartered at Peterson Space Force Base, Colorado.
Established on 21 October 2020, SpOC was the first field command activated. It was established by the redesignation of the headquarters of the former Air Force Space Command to Space Operations Command. It was composed of the 10 deltas and two garrisons activated on 24 July 2020. This included the Space Training and Readiness Delta (Provisional) which served as the interim unit for space training and education until the August 2021 stand-up of a full field command. SpOC also maintained command of the two launch wings, which were later redesignated as launch deltas in 2021, previously under the Air Force Space Command until the establishment of the Space Systems Command.
The 14th Air Force in Vandenberg Space Force Base, California that was temporarily redesignated Space Operations Command upon the creation of the Space Force was inactivated. A new unit, Space Operations Command West (SpOC West), was activated to serve as headquarters of the Combined Force Space Component Command (CFSCC), a subordinate command of the United States Space Command. The SpOC West commander also served as the commander of CFSCC and as the deputy commander of SpOC.
Space Systems Command
The Space Systems Command (SSC) is becoming responsible for developing, acquiring, and fielding space systems, as well as launch, developmental testing, on-orbit checkout, and sustainment and maintenance of space systems. It also runs Space Force science and technology activities.
The Space Force on 8 April 2021 announced the planned structure of the SSC. Led by a lieutenant general, SSC was to be formed by redesignating the Space and Missile Systems Center, Commercial Satellite Communications Office, and other space systems programs offices transferred into the Space Force, being stood up in summer 2021. On July 29, Michael Guetlein was confirmed as its first commander by the United States Senate.
The ceremony installing them in command of the new SSC was held August 13, 2021.
Under the new structure, the two launch deltas previously under SpOC were reassigned to SSC under the oversight of the SSC deputy commander. The commander of the Space Launch Delta 45 will take on additional duties as the field command's director of operations.
Space Training and Readiness Command
The Space Training and Readiness Command was planned to train and educate space professionals, and develop combat-ready space forces. Initially, before the activation of the command, a Space Training and Readiness Delta was established in July 2020 at Peterson SFB. STARCOM was activated on 23 August 2021, led by a major general. Five subordinate deltas then began being established: one each for training, doctrine and lessons learned, range and aggressor, test and evaluation, and education.
Delta
The Space Force has no command echelon equivalent of the U.S. Air Force′s numbered air forces, so the next command echelon below field commands is the delta, a single level of command which combines the wing and group command echelons found in the U.S. Air Force. Each delta is organized around a specific function, such as operations, installation support, or training, and is led by an officer in the grade of colonel. Deltas are operational units aligned with warfighting functions, but have no responsibility for base operating support, which is the Air Force′s responsibility.
The first 11 deltas in the Space Force initially were assigned to the Space Operations Command. Of those, two were realigned under the Space Systems Command, and the Space Training and Readiness Delta (Provisional) became a separate field command.
Denotes planned unit but not yet activated.
Squadron
Below deltas in the Space Force structure are squadrons. Space Force squadrons are focused on specific tactics and are led by an officer in the grade of lieutenant colonel.
Planned transfers
On 12 March 2019, the Space Development Agency (SDA), a new space-focused development agency, additional to the Space and Missile Systems Center and the Space Rapid Capabilities Office, was established. It was established under the authority of the under secretary of defense for research and engineering. As of January 2020, the SDA is planned to become part of the U.S. Space Force in October 2022.
In early April 2020, a list of twenty-three units to be transferred from the Air Force to the Space Force was publicly reported. Those units included the 17th Test Squadron, Peterson Space Force Base, Colorado; 18th Intelligence Squadron, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH; the 25th Space Range Squadron, Schriever AFB, CO; the 328th Weapons Squadron, Nellis AFB, NV; the 527th Space Aggressor Squadron, Schriever AFB, CO; the 7th Intelligence Squadron, 659th Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group, 70th ISR Wing, Ft. Meade, Maryland*; Sixteenth Air Force/Advanced Programs*, Schriever AFB, Colorado; the 32nd Intelligence Squadron, Ft. Meade, Maryland*; the 566th Intelligence Squadron, Buckley AFB, Colorado*; the 544th Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group, Group Staff & Detachment 5, Peterson AFB, Colorado; D the 533d Training Squadron, 381st Training Group, Vandenberg AFB, CA (initial training); the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) Research Lab Mission Execution, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio*; the AFRL Space Vehicles Directorate, Kirtland AFB, New Mexico*; the AFRL Rocket Propulsion Division, Edwards AFB, CA; the AFRL Electro-Optical Division, Maui, Hawaii & Kirtland AFB, New Mexico*; the AFRL Sensors Directorate, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio*; the Counter-Space Analysis Squadron and the Space Analysis Squadron, collectively half of the Space and Missiles Analysis Group, National Air and Space Intelligence Center, both at Wright-Patterson AFB; the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center Detachment 4, Peterson AFB, CO; and the Air Force Safety Center – Space Safety Division, Kirtland AFB, New Mexico.
Detachment 1, USAF Warfare Center, Schriever AFB, Colorado; Operating Location A, 705th Combat Training Squadron, Schriever AFB, Colorado (ultimately part of the 505th Command and Control Wing), and the National Security Space Institute, Peterson AFB, CO National Security Space Institute, a place for space education became eventually part of the STAR Delta.
In September 2021 it was announced the 53rd Signal Battalion and the U.S. Army Satellite Operations Brigade, and the Naval Satellite Operations Center would be transferred to Space Force.
Heraldry
Each unit in the Space Force has an emblem in a shape depending on the unit type. Each of the three field commands also have a distinctive color: Platinum Grey for SpOC, Gold for SSC, and Cannes Blue for STARCOM. Unit emblems are trimmed with the color of the field command to which they report. Space Force personnel assigned to National Reconnaissance Office roles will wear insignia trimmed in Black.
See also
Structure of the United States Army
Organization of the United States Marine Corps
Structure of the United States Navy
Structure of the United States Air Force
References
Units and formations of the United States Space Force
Military organizational structures
United States Department of Defense lists
Tim Tolkien (born October 1962) is an English sculptor who has designed several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning Sentinel.
They have a metal sculpture and public Art business at Cradley Heath, West Midlands.  They are also a bass player and member of the band Klangstorm, founded in 1996.
Early life
Tim is the great-nephew of the writer J. R. R. Tolkien. They were raised in the village of Hughenden Valley and went to the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe. They graduated with a degree in fine art (sculpture) from the University of Reading in 1984.
Works
Sentinel
Sentinel is Tolkien's most famous work to date. In 1996, they were appointed by CAN who were awarded the contract to develop public art proposals for the estate using National Lottery money, as an artist in residence to help with regeneration of the Castle Vale estate in Birmingham. The following year, they consulted with residents about an art project for the entrance to the estate. They favoured a sculpture featuring Spitfires, reflecting the area's flying history and particularly the Castle Bromwich Assembly which stood nearby. The large steel and aluminium Sentinel Spitfire sculpture was the result, showing three Spitfires peeling off up into the air in different directions. It was unveiled on 14 November 2000, near the former factory which built them, by their former test pilot Alex Henshaw.
Cedric Hardwicke
Tolkien also sculpted a memorial to the actor Sir Cedric Hardwicke, at the latter's birthplace of Lye, West Midlands, for Dudley Metropolitan Borough Council. The memorial takes the form of a giant filmstrip, the illuminated cut metal panels illustrating scenes from some of Sir Cedric's best-known roles, which include The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Shape of Things to Come, and The Ghost of Frankenstein. It was unveiled in November 2005.
Ent
Their proposals for a 20-foot (6.1 meter) high statue of Treebeard, an Ent from The Lord of the Rings, to be erected on the Green at Moseley, near J. R. R. Tolkien's childhood home in Birmingham, have met with some controversy, but permission for its erection – originally scheduled for May 2007 – was granted by Birmingham City Council.
Catalogue
Tolkien also undertook the redesign of Lea Hall railway station, Birmingham, with Eric Klein Velderman; completed in 1998)
Other notable work
They have also worked with the singer and television presenter Toyah Willcox, designing their armour-like stage costumes and, in 2005, making a documentary film for BBC2, comparing New Zealand's successful exploitation of its movie-related J. R. R. Tolkien associations, with that of J.R.R.'s (and Toyah's) home town, Birmingham.
References
External links
Sentinel Spitfire sculpture
Birmingham Post: Tolkien statue plan splits community
Lye movie star gets civic honour
Klangstorm
review
archived website
Toyah
Armour for Toyah
Film with Toyah
1962 births
Living people
English sculptors
English male sculptors
People educated at the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe
Alumni of the University of Reading
20th-century British sculptors
People from Wycombe District
People from Cradley Heath
Tim
English people of German descent
Dreaming of Julia (Cuba Libre) is a 2003 film directed by Juan Gerard. The debut film by the director, the story is based on Gerard's childhood life in Cuba. The film was released as Cuban Blood in the US. This film was initially released on 27 January 2006 at Mexico, which directed by Juan Gerard with a budget of 108.6 million USD.
Plot
Set in Cuba in 1958, the last year of Fulgencio Batista regime, the plot revolves around a boy who is torn between their friendship with a blonde American named Julia and the strife facing their family as a result of the revolution and turmoil in their nation.
Cast
Harvey Keitel as "Che"
Iben Hjejle as Julia
Andhy Méndez as Boy
Diana Bracho as Beta
Gael García Bernal as Ricky
Aline Küppenheim as Katia
Cecilia Suárez as Dulce
Héctor Then as Captain Rosado's Bodyguard 1
Ramses Cairo as Captain Rosado's Bodyguard 2
Marilyn Romero as Tia Candita
Gyana Mella as The Hooker
Production
The movie was entirely filmed in the Dominican Republic, in 2000.
References
External links
Official site
2003 films
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in 1958
Films set in Cuba
2003 comedy-drama films
English-language Dominican Republic films
Films shot in the Dominican Republic
2000s English-language films
Muhammad Abbas (), (born 16 February 1986) is a Pakistani alpine skier who was their nation's first competitor at the Winter Olympic Games, in 2010. Muhammad Abbas was not expected to win any medal, but they outraced some of the other debuting skiers. A group said to be particularly interested were Pakistani Canadians.
Abbas was raised in a small village in Northern Pakistan, and their first pair of skis were carved out of wood by their father. They were discovered at age 8 by a Pakistani Air Force officer (Group Captain(R) Zahid Farooq) who remains their coach. Abbas works for the Air Force, their assignment being to ski.
Career
2010
In the 2010 Winter Olympics they competed in the Men's Giant Slalom event. Out of the 103 skiers they finished 79th with a time of 1:38.27 in the first run and 1:42.31 in the second run, for a total time of 3:20.58, which was 42.75 seconds off the pace.
2011
Abbas participated in the 2011 South Asian Winter Games held in India in January.
See also
Pakistan at the 2010 Winter Olympics
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Pakistani male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Pakistan
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Alpine skiers at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Jonaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 17.
References
Jonaki
Tengeri () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The Gretsch BST 1000 is a solid body electric guitar made between 1979 and 1981. It received the nickname "The Beast" from a Gretsch promotion distributed in 1979.
Model Distinction
Two variations of the 1000 series exist although many features remain the same on both models. Some consistencies between the two models include a mahogany body and a bolt on maple neck. The first of the two guitars was made with dual chrome colored covered humbuckers and a white pickguard. "Gretsch" is written in cursive-like font running horizontal across the headstock when looking at the guitar sitting on a stand. It also has a flat fretboard similar to a classical guitar. The second model is also called the 1500 "but is still in the 1000 series as opposed to the 2000 and 5000 BST series". This model came stock with cream colored DiMarzio Super Distortion pickups with no covers and a black pickguard. The name "Gretsch" is written vertical across the headstock in classic Gretsch style writing featured on many other guitars and drums of the time. The BST 1000 and 1500 can be dated by removing the pickguard. Both guitars had serial and model numbers placed on a piece of paper by the volume and tone pots.
Dating
To date the guitar, there are five numbers in the serial number. The first one or two digits represents the month the guitar was made; 1 would represent January and 10 would be October. After the first set of (one or two) digits is a dash followed by another series of 4 digits. The first number after the dash represents the last digit of the year the guitar was made; 9 represents 1979, 0 represents 1980, and 1 would represent 1981. The last three numbers represent the number of guitars made that month including that guitar; 435 would mean the guitar is the 435th guitar made that month.
EXAMPLE:
10-9434 would be the 434th guitar made in October 1979.
4-1211 would be the 211th guitar made in April 1981.
BST1000
Black Wooden Ceiling Opening is an EP released by Mount Eerie. It was released on March 4, 2008. The EP was described by singer Phil Elverum as "black metal using natural materials".
Recording and release
The album was recorded by Phil Elverum, Jason Anderson and Kjetil Jenssen on October 30, 2006 in Anacortes, Washington. It was released alongside an 11-song bootleg recording of the same group of musicians featured on the album live in concert at the Department of Safety in Anacortes, WA.
Elverum found the inspiration for the song "Domesticated Dog" from their time spent riding in a minivan across Montana with Calvin Johnson and their mother in September 2006. They speculated that the “sleeping giant” in the last verse "came from those reclining-human-like Montana hills." "Don't Smoke" came from Elverum's desire to "be more confrontational and pragmatic" with their songs hoping to get their audience who were "vegan and radical and eat healthy food" yet smoked cigarettes to stop.
3 of the 6 tracks have been released prior to the EP's release, albeit in different versions: "Blue Light on the Floor" was released on Mount Eerie pts. 6 & 7, "Don't Smoke" was released on Don't Smoke/Get Off the Internet under The Microphones name and "Stop Singing" was released on No Flashlight.
Music
Expanding on the sound of heavier songs on previous albums like The Glow Pt. 2. Black Wooden Ceiling Opening sees Elverum go for a dark and raw aesthetic, incorparating elements of black metal and hardcore. Eric Hill of Exclaim! described it as a "quick distillation of everything that Mount Eerie was in the mid-2000s," and the closet to metal Elverum has produced.
Reception
Upon release, the EP received a generally positive reception. Brock Thiessen of Exclaim! wrote that "The record shows them having a bit of fun with their work and to the listener's benefit, including three superb reinterpretations of older, more reserved Mount Eerie tracks" and that "Factor in some added live tracks and there's no denying Black Wooden is an important and enjoyable part of the Elverum catalogue". Jessica Suarez of Pitchfork wrote that "Like a smoker, Elverum's compulsion to keep going trumps their own best interests-- when they recognize that compulsion is when he's at their best".
"JSPICER" of Tinymixtapes wrote that "Black Wooden Ceiling Opening isn't so much about reinvention as it is about reinterpretation." and that "With this EP, Phil isn't cashing in on fan loyalty, nor is they trying any fancy parlor tricks. Black Wooden Ceiling Opening is simply another side of Phil's Mount Eerie persona. And, for me, discovering Phil's playful side through this EP has been a pleasure akin to sex"
Track listing
References
Mount Eerie albums
2008 EPs
Idiology is a studio album by German electronica duo Mouse on Mars. It was released in 2001.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, Idiology received an average score of 83% based on 14 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Pitchfork placed it at number 12 on the "Top 20 Albums of 2001" list.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Jan St. Werner – composition, production, lyrics
Andi Toma – composition, production, lyrics
Dodo Nkishi – vocals, lyrics
Matti Rouse – vocals
Harald Sack Ziegler – french horn, trumpet
Peter Stahlhofen – trumpet
Isolde Hermanns – clarinet, bass clarinet
Miriam Hardenberg – cello
Sebastian Reimann – violin
Hartmut Frank – viola
Matthew Herbert – piano
Alois Andre – guitar
Josef Höltgen – bass guitar, double bass
Uli Thiesz – drums
Adam Butler – electronics
F.X.Randomiz – programming
References
External links
2001 albums
Mouse on Mars albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Thrill Jockey albums
Scytalidium is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order. The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown (incertae sedis), and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family. This genus of anamorphic fungi has a widespread distribution and contains 18 species. Scytalidium dimidiatum (preferentially known as Neoscytalidium dimidiatum) causes onychomycosis in tea leaf pluckers.
References
Helotiales
Night Songs is the debut studio album by American glam metal band Cinderella. It was released on June 9, 1986, by Mercury Records. Mercury issued the album worldwide, while Vertigo Records handled the album's release in the UK.
The album peaked at No. 3 on the US charts on February 7, 1987, and was certified double platinum for shipping 2 million copies there twelve days later. In May 1991, it was certified triple platinum, having shipped 3 million copies.
Leadoff single "Shake Me" failed to chart, but "Nobody's Fool" cracked the Top 20, reaching No. 13. Third single "Somebody Save Me" went to #66. On May 4, 1987, Cinderella filmed parts of their concert in Philadelphia. These live songs were, along with their three MTV videos, released on home video in August 1987 on Night Songs: The Videos.
Night Songs sold several million copies due to a combination of Cinderella's breakthrough single "Nobody's Fool", MTV airplay, and an opening slot on labelmates Bon Jovi's tour, in support of their album Slippery When Wet.
Critical reception
The album received mixed reviews. David Fricke, writing for Rolling Stone magazine, considered that "[Cinderella] need to jazz up their material and cut away the clichés if they're really interested in hard-rock immortality. Otherwise, their platinum dreams are going to turn into pumpkins". AllMusic reviewer Steve Huey called it "not bad, just generic". Canadian journalist Martin Popoff put on a par Cinderella's rise to prominence with Poison's success, judging them as "little more than vacant, colourful but life-affirming [Mötley] Crüe derivatives." They described the songs as "heavier than one might expect, but of course safe, shallow and watery like the kiddie pool."
The album has been retrospectively considered a hair-metal classic, being ranked on a vast amount of "best of" lists.
Legacy
After the release of this album, the band slightly changed their sound to fit a more blues rock direction. In October 2014 for their birthday, guitarist Tom Keifer presented Lzzy Hale of Halestorm with the costume jewelry pin they wore on their right shoulder for the Night Songs album cover. Hale subsequently wore the pin on their right hip on the album cover for Halestorm's 2015 Into the Wild Life, to include a touch of tradition.
Track listing
All songs written by Tom Keifer.
Personnel
Cinderella
Tom Keifer – lead vocals, guitar, piano
Jeff LaBar – guitar, vocals
Eric Brittingham – bass, vocals
Fred Coury – drums (does not play on the album, joined shortly after it was recorded)
Additional musicians
Barry Bennedetta – lead guitar on "Back Home Again", "Nothin' for Nothin'" and "Push, Push"
Jeff Paris – keyboards
Jody Cortez – drums on all tracks
Tony Mills – background vocals
Jon Bon Jovi – background vocals on "Nothin' for Nothin'" and "In From the Outside"
Bill Mattson – background vocals on "Shake Me"
Production
Andy Johns – producer, engineer, mixing at the Record Plant, Los Angeles
David Glover, Joe Hauserman, Mark McKenna, Nick Didia, Paul Wertheimer – assistant engineers
Mark "Weissguy" Weiss – photography/cover concept
Charts
Album
Singles
Certifications
Accolades
References
Cinderella (band) albums
1986 debut albums
Albums produced by Andy Johns
Mercury Records albums
Vertigo Records albums
The 2010 Uzbekistan Cup Final was the final match of the 2010 Uzbekistan Cup, the 18th season of the Uzbek Cup, a football competition for the 36 teams in the Uzbek League and Uzbek League Division One. The match was contested by FC Bunyodkor and FC Shurtan Guzar, at Pakhtakor Markaziy Stadium in Tashkent, on August 18, 2010.
Road to the final
Match
References
Cup
Uzbekistan Cup
2010
The Château du duc d'Épernon is a château, built on the site of a medieval castle located in Fontenay-Trésigny, in the Brie region of France, southeast of Paris. It stands alongside the Bréon stream and next to the Church of Saint-Martin, in the heart of a once walled old town, the history of which is closely linked to the history of the château. The castellans were lords of Fontenay-en-Brie during the Old Regime.
The château has been classified as a Monument historique since 7 October 1963, and its park land is included in the List of Remarkable Gardens of France published by the French Ministry of Culture.
Architectural description
The architecture of the château is marked by the different eras when it was rebuilt after falling more or less in ruins, with different styles. The medieval castle rebuilt by Jean Le Mercier after 1389 was enclosed by walls and moat around a courtyard with two drawbridges, north facing the church and south. The current building has retained the rectangular plan flanked by round towers. Guillaume Prudhomme undertook to rebuild the castle after 1538.
The present château dates from the first half of the 17th century. The château, built by Jean de Nogaret de La Valette, was planned as a pleasure palace. The rooms were made comfortable and decorated with tapestries and paintings. The ground floor and the guard room floor were covered with large glazed tiles.
The château was then within the walled town. A French garden was on either side of the château, to the north and south. A channel was fed by the Bréon stream, with two geometrically arranged arms extending from the moat, of which the eastern branch was the longest and ran into a pool downstream from the farm of Sourdeau. A large fenced park crossed by wide avenues was located to the south. A long north-south perspective started from the walled town, passing by the château and its garden and through the park.
The château did not undergo major changes before the beginning of the 19th century. The Marquis de Gontaut-Biron, the owner in 1837, restored the main house, the side wing and the two further wings, but to open up the courtyard they pulled down the entrance wing with its turrets, the drawbridge, and two of the corner towers that housed the gothic chapel and a prison. The gardens and the old farm were landscaped into a leisure park.
The facades and roofs of the main château building, as well as one room on the ground floor which has painted paneling, were categorized as monuments historiques by a ministerial decree dated 7 October 1963. The outbuildings, including the three-storey dovecote, the surface of the courtyard, and the moat were also listed as monuments historiques by a ministerial decree of 17 October 1991.
History
The castle of Fontenay is mentioned in the 12th century under the reign of Louis VI of France. It is now neglected and threatened by ruin.
The first castle here was built on a strategic site, on a pilgrimage road from Paris to Rome, continuing to Rozay-en-Brie, Provins, and Troyes, also used by traders going to the famous Champagne Fairs. The lord of the castle collected a toll from travellers passing through their domain. The Bréon creek fed the moat, upstream of the valley where the castle of Vivier and a road were on the edge of royal lands of the county of Champagne, Rozay-en-Brie and Bernay-Vilbert, separated from Fontenay by the woods of Lumigny, Bernay, and Vilbert.
The estate was in the Garlande family from the 12th century until May 1293, when Jean de Garlande sold the Tournan castellany to Pierre VI de Chambly, known as "Pierre the Fat", who was the Grand Chamberlain of King Philip IV. In October of the same year, Chambly sold the Tournan castellany to Charles, Count of Valois. It was then gradually broken up and came into the ownership of several landowners.
In 1389, by letters patent, Charles VI granted the estate of Fontenay to their adviser Jean Le Mercier, knight, lord of Noviant, Neuville, and Rugles, with permission to rebuild the old castle which by then had fallen into ruin. Two years later, the new castle was standing and was the site of local courts, and also a prison. The castle, surrounded by walls and a moat, stood around a central courtyard and had two drawbridges, south and north, the second leading to the church. The present building has retained the rectangular plan, with round towers at the corners.
The castle next passed into the family of Coutes through inheritance. Around 1446, Louis de Coutes dit Minguet (the son of Jean de Coutes, sometime page of Joan of Arc), by then esquire and lord of Fontenay en Brie, Viry, Neelle la Gilleberde, and other estates, together with their siblings Jean de Coutes dit Minguet, Raoul de Coutes, Jeanne de Coutes, and Anne de Coutes, transferred the usufruct to Denis du Moulin, then bishop of Paris. On 1 October 1451, Jean du Moulin, the son of Denis de Moulin and cupbearer to the king, got permission from the king to restore the castle, land and lordship of Fontenay en Brie, and the big houses of Fleur de Lis, Sourdeau, Viry, and Escoubley, which they had newly acquired from Louis de Coutes.
In 1538, Guillaume Prudhomme began to rebuild the castle. The fortifications of Fontenay en Brie were built at the same time.
In 1570, Jean de Nogaret de La Valette became the new owner of the castle. They were visited there by King Charles IX and Catherine de' Medici.
In 1571, Charles IX invited the Protestant leaders to a meeting at Fontenay en Brie. Secret meetings were held at the castle of Lumigny between envoys of the King and Catherine de' Medici, who stayed in Fontenay en Brie, and the Protestants, including Admiral Coligny, the Prince of Condé, and Louis of Nassau. Coligny was assassinated a year later in Paris, during the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre.
In 1575, Jean Louis de Nogaret de La Valette became lord of Fontenay en Brie, and on the death of their father in November 1581 they became Duke of Épernon.
The castle of Fontenay en Brie has been the scene of many notable events and has been visited by famous figures like Henri III, when magnificent festivities took place at the castle on the occasion of their marriage, and Cardinal Richelieu, who stayed at the castle in 1633. During the first half of the 17th century, the Château du duc d'Épernon was built on the site of the old medieval castle, and the new house took on the character of a pleasure palace. The rooms were comfortable, decorated with tapestries and paintings. The ground floor and the guard room floor were covered with large glazed tiles.
In 1640, the Duke of Épernon sold the estate of Fontenay in Brie, with the château, to Pierre Aubert, secretary of the King's Chamber, General Treasurer of Artillery, head of the Ferme générale of the Gabelle of salt from 1632 to 1656. They then added the name of the estate to their own, becoming Pierre Aubert de Fontenay.
Aubert was the uncle of Marie Chastelain, the wife of Roger de Pardaillan de Gondrin, marquis of Termes, and mother of Louis Henri de Pardaillan de Gondrin, and was their benefactor.
After the arrest of Nicolas Fouquet in 1661, Aubert de Fontenay found themselves in financial difficulties. In 1663, their properties in Paris and Fontenay en Brie were confiscated. At their death in 1668, their creditors and their family embarked on a lengthy procedure for the distribution of the assets of the estate. In January 1669, Marie Chastelain, Pierre Aubert's widow, gave to Roger de Pardaillan de Gondrin and their wife Marie Chastelain part of all their movable and immovable property, including the castle of Fontenay. In 1674, Roger de Pardaillan de Gondrin and their wife Marie Chastelain were formally recognized, by "arrest", as the proprietors for the time being of the lordship of Fontenay en Brie.
In February 1679, Roger de Pardaillan de Gondrin, who was suspected making counterfeit money in the castle of Fontenay, was denounced in a letter to Jean-Baptiste Colbert, which claimed that they were using armed guards to transport foundries, tools, metals and chemicals, from Paris to Fontenay en Brie, for contefeiting purposes. But Roger de Pardaillan de Gondrin fled the country and went into hiding, and nothing was proved against him.
In May 1689, the estate of Fontenay en Brie was acquired by François Le Tonnelier, Count of Breteuil, with the consent of Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet, Bishop of Meaux, and Henry Beringhen, lord of Tournan. Son of a councillor of state, François Le Tonnelier was successively advisor to the parliament (1661), Master of Appeals (1671), flight attendant in Picardy and Artois (1674) and Flanders (1683), and finally intendant of the army during the 1684 campaign, before becoming later the same year intendant des finances. They had previously been a councillor of State for a term in 1685.
In February 1691, the king raised Fontenay en Brie to the Marquisate of Fontenay-Trésigny, granting the title to François Le Tonnelier, count of Breteuil. The marquisate was valued at 10,000 francs per annum, with two dependent parishes, Chapels-Breteuil and Villebert. This was a bailiwick, within the competence of the Grand Châtelet in Paris. François Victor Le Tonnelier de Breteuil was Marquis of Fontenay-Trésigny, Lord of Villebert, Baron of Boitron, Lord of Les Chapelles, etc. commander of the King's orders, Chancellor of the Queen, minister and Secretary of State for War.
The Duke of Crillon acquired the domain in 1751, but in 1772 sold it to Jean Baptiste Paulin d'Aguesseau, lord of Fresnes, Count of Compans-la-Ville, and Maligny, Marquis of Manoeuvre, an officer of the Order of the Holy Spirit, regular state councillor, son of the Chancellor of France Henri François d'Aguesseau, who leased the château.
On 25 February 1755, the Duke of Ayen, the eldest son of Marshal Louis de Noailles, became the owner of the château of Fontenay and the Château de la Grange-Bléneau by their marriage to Henriette Anne Louise d'Aguesseau, daughter of Jean-Baptiste Paulin d'Aguesseau.
Succeeding occupiers of the château until the French Revolution were the Marquis Louis of Santo Domingo, who died there in 1775, the Marquis de La Chèze, who was captain-lieutenant of the first company of the Musketeers of the Guard, M. de Rostaing, and Count Claude Théophile Gilbert Jean-Baptiste de Colbert-Chabanais, who died there in September 1789.
In 1795, Marie Adrienne Francoise de Noailles, Mademoiselle of Ayen, Marquise de La Fayette, daughter of the Duke of Ayen, had authority to live for part of the time at the château of Fontenay, before leaving for Olmütz, where their husband Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette, was imprisoned.
In 1799, the family of the Marquis de La Fayette moved to the château of Fontenay, on their return from exile, while repairs were undertaken to their Château de la Grange-Bléneau, which had been severely damaged and was uninhabitable.
In 1808, Anne Pauline Dominique de Noailles, Mademoiselle of Maintenon, Marquise of Montagu, daughter of the Duke of Ayen, inherited the château as part of an assignment of amicable shares. They repaired the house and made it their main residence. They moved their family and also opened a school for girls in the grounds of the property. They died January 29, 1839. Them daughters Stéphanie de Montagu-Beaune (1798–1874), Marie Anna de Montagu-Beaune (1801–1877) et Marie Paule Sophie de Montagu-Beaune (1805–1880) were all married at Fontenay-Trésigny and had their first children there.
In 1837, the Marquis of Gontaut-Biron bought the château of Fontenay. They restored the main building, the side wing, and two further wings, but to open up the courtyard they pulled down the entrance wing and its turrets, one drawbridge, and the corner towers that housed the gothic chapel and prison. The gardens and the old farm were landscaped into a leisure park. The château was abandoned after the death of Étienne-Charles de Gontaut-Biron in 1871, before being sold.
In August 1883, the château of Fontenay and its lands were purchased by Mr. Nicolas Menget, shoe manufacturer for the army.
In 1926, the château of Fontenay was taken over by a timber merchant, Mr. Daubek, who cut down the splendid trees of the park.
In 1936, Mr. Lucien Tasse, accountant, bought the property.
In the 1940s, the château of Fontenay was occupied by youth camps. Abandoned by their owners to benefit dependency, more convenient and less expensive apartments have long served as a warehouse.
In 2006, Mr. Samuel Tasse sold the château to a property developer specializing in historic buildings, which came forward with plans for dividing it into twelve apartments and creating another forty-eight in the various outbuildings. However, this was not brought to completion, due to the developer going into liquidation in 2014, and the château continues to decay.
In February 2022, the castle was acquired by the company Histoire et Patrimoine, a subsidiary of the Altarea Cogedim group specialising in the rehabilitation of heritage in the heart of towns, which plans a restoration. The company will carry out consolidation work to strengthen the structure during the first half of 2022. The second phase of the project will then consist in the creation of housing.
Status of the castle
The Château du duc d'Épernon and its grounds are privately owned and not open to the public. The château is abandoned and the park is overgrown.
The building was already in a state of neglect in the 1950s, and works of art were transferred to the museum of the Château de Vincennes. Since then, the building has been largely stripped of artefacts.
The château was at the heart of a development programme which failed, and is slowly crumbling. The damage to the structure is now significant. However, before the developer went into receivership and work came to an end the roof of the three-storey dovecote was renovated and a start had also been made on restoring some of the outbuildings.
This classified building, which for centuries has been visited by kings and queens, and was owned by some important public servants of the Kingdom of France, is in great danger needing an urgent intervention to be saved from irreparable decay.
See also
Fontenay-Trésigny
References
Bibliography
Notes and citations
Châteaux in France
"Can't Take a Joke" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from their album, Scorpion (2018), the song has reached the top 20 in Canada and the United States.
Commercial performance
North America
On July 14, 2018, "Can't Take a Joke" entered the charts at number 16 on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and remained in the top 100 until August 4, 2018. The song spent four weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100, entering the charts at number 18, its immediate peak, on July 14, 2018.
Internationally
The song has peaked in the top 40 in Australia, Portugal and has charted on the charts of France, Greece, the Netherlands, Slovakia, and Sweden.
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 songs
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Franz Krieger (1914–1993), was an Austrian business person and photographer from Salzburg, Austria whose collection includes 35,000 photographs taken during the rise of Hitler, World War II, and the reconstruction afterwards.
Krieger photographed the Salzburg festival, including movie stars like Marlene Dietrich and Hans Albers, and the arrival of Hitler. They later photographed Kristallnacht, book burnings, and the boycott of Jewish businesses, as a freelance photographer and on the staff of Nazi magazines. During World War II, they were assigned as a photographer to a special propaganda unit on the Eastern front. They were sent back from the front because of illness, and so avoided the Russian campaign. However, their wife and daughter were killed in the allied bombing of Salzburg. After the war, they photographed the redevelopment of Salzburg.
Krieger was little-known in Germany, except in Salzburg, and even less well known in the United States. In June 2011, an American business person in New York obtained a collection of photos, without the photographer's identity, and tried to identify them. They showed them to David Dunlap, writer of the Lens Blog in the New York Times, who published several of the photos and asked for help in identifying them. Krieger was soon identified as the photographer.
A book, Der Salzburger Pressefotograf Franz Krieger (1914–1993); Bildberichterstattung im Schatten von NS-Propaganda und Krieg (Salzburg Press Photographer Franz Krieger (1914–1993); Photojournalism in the shadow of Nazi propaganda and war) by Peter F. Kramml and Roman Straßl, was published in German.
Their photographs were all in black-and-white.
References
Austrian photographers
1914 births
1993 deaths
Austrian military personnel of World War II
German Army soldiers of World War II
In enzymology, a leucine 2,3-aminomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(2S)-alpha-leucine (3R)-beta-leucine
Hence, this enzyme is responsible for the conversion of -leucine to β-leucine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring amino groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (2S)-alpha-leucine 2,3-aminomutase. This enzyme participates in valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation. It employs one cofactor, cobamide.
References
EC 5.4.3
Cobamide enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Varazdat Lalayan (born 1 May 1999) is an Armenian weightlifter. They won the silver medal in the men's +109 kg event at the 2021 World Weightlifting Championships held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.  They are also a two-time medalist at the European Weightlifting Championships.
Career
In 2018, they won the silver medal in both the men's +105 kg event at the Junior World Weightlifting Championships held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan and the junior men's +105 kg event at the European Junior & U23 Weightlifting Championships held in Zamość, Poland.
A year later, they won the gold medal in the men's +109 events at both the 2019 Junior World Weightlifting Championships held in Suva, Fiji and the 2019 European Junior & U23 Weightlifting Championships held in Bucharest, Romania.
They won the bronze medal in the men's +109 kg event at the 2021 European Weightlifting Championships held in Moscow, Russia. At the 2021 European Junior & U23 Weightlifting Championships in Rovaniemi, Finland, they won the gold medal in their event.
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
1999 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Armenian male weightlifters
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
21st-century Armenian people
20th-century Armenian people
Richard Huloet was a 16th-century English lexicographer. They were born at Wisbech, Isle of Ely, Cambridgeshire. They were a contemporary of Peter Levens, John Withals, and John Véron.
According to some sources, Samuel Johnson and they were the first writers in the English language to use the term "honeymoon". They were the author of the Abecedarium Anglico-Latinum (1552). The book was dedicated to Thomas Goodrich, Bishop of Ely and chancellor of England.
References
External links
Richard Huloet's entry on Wikisource
Richard Huloet's entry in Encyclopedia Britannica
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
British writers
Freeze () is a 2006 South Korean miniseries starring Lee Seo-jin, Park Han-byul and Son Tae-young. It aired on Channel CGV from October 27 to October 31, 2006 for 5 episodes.
Plot
Baek Joong-won once saved the vampire Ehwa from being burned at the stake by their fellow villagers. While attempting to escape together, Joong-won fell off a cliff, and Ehwa gave them their blood to save them from dying. Thus, Joong-won was also transformed into a vampire.
In modern-day Seoul, the 350-year-old Joong-won runs a luxurious wine bar in Gangnam District with Ehwa. Though they hold a torch for him, Ehwa can only observe and protect their friend from afar, as they have long closed themselves to any new emotion. One day, Joong-won receives a letter from a former lover, a human they had broken up with 20 years ago without telling them the truth about himself. In their letter, the dying woman asks Joong-won to look after their daughter, Ji-woo.
After their mother's funeral, Ji-woo finds a photograph their mother treasured very much, and they search for the man in the photo, their mother's long-lost lover. When they find Joong-won, they assume that they are the son of the man in the photo. As Joong-won spends time with Ji-woo, all their emotions which were frozen by time start to melt away, and the two fall in love. Ehwa has difficulty dealing with this turn of events. Meanwhile, a serial killer who sucks blood from their or their victims is on the loose.
Cast
Lee Seo-jin as Baek Joong-won
Park Han-byul as Ji-woo
Son Tae-young as Ehwa
Lee In (credited as Lee Joon)
Lee Han-wi as Park Hyung-joon
Ji Dae-han
Kim Kwang-kyu as Inspector Jang (cameo)
Eun Joo-hee
Original soundtrack
인연 Lover
Just Another Daybreak 350년을 기다려온 고독 350 Years Waiting in Solitude
Sad Secret (중원의 비밀) (Joong-won's Secret)
Never Cry
그대도... 나처럼 You Also... Like Me (Instrumental)
Forget Me Not - Waltz for Ji-woo (Piano Solo)
꿈꾸는 소녀 A Girl Who Dreams
Russian Roulette (Tango for Ehwa)
그대도... 나처럼 You Also... Like Me (Vocal version)
Forget Me Not - Waltz for Ji-woo (Clarinet & String version)
I'll Make You Cry Baby - V's in the House
Bye...Memories of Mom
Point of No Return (End Theme)
See also
Vampire film
List of vampire television series
References
External links
Freeze official CGV website
2006 South Korean television series debuts
2006 South Korean television series endings
Channel CGV television dramas
Vampires in television
is a railway station in San'yō-Onoda, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Habu Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1901
Sound-on-Sound is the sole album by English new wave band Bill Nelson's Red Noise, released in February 1979 by record label Harvest. Band leader Bill Nelson formed the group after the disbandment of Be-Bop Deluxe in 1978. The record was recorded with producer and engineer John Leckie, and marks a stylistic change for Nelson with its emphasis on synthesizers. Their lyrics were inspired by science fiction and dystopian themes, which the musician tried to present in a humorous way. The album cover, featuring a bed-ridden robot, was photographed by Bishin Jumonji
Promoted by the singles "Furniture Music" and "Revolt Into Style", Sound-on-Sound reached number 33 on the UK Albums Chart and perplexed fans and music critics, with criticism centred on its 'artificial' sound. EMI, Harvest's parent label, dropped Nelson in July 1979, rendering Sound-on-Sound their only album. It has been re-released by Harvest several times, including as a deluxe edition in 2012, and has been reappraised in a positive light by critics.
Background and recording
Since their 1972 inception, Bill Nelson was the leader and guitarist of eclectic rock band Be-Bop Deluxe, with whom they achieved some success, but later found themselves restricted as the group's guitarist. With the band's final album, Drastic Plastic (1978), Nelson felt their ideas were marginalised compared to those of their bandmates, describing the record as disrupting the "transitional stage" they envisioned exploring between their previous album Modern Music (1976) and what became Sound-on-Sound. As such, they dissolved Be-Bop Deluxe, feeling that beginning a new band was "the only way to do what I wanted to do." They had wished to dissolve the group before Drastic Plastic was recorded, but was persuaded by the band's management to continue. "Had I gotten my way," Nelson later said, "the Drastic Plastic material would have been recorded as the first Red Noise album. Instead, I adapted it for the final Be Bop album."
By forming Bill Nelson's Red Noise, the musician again exerted creative control, paying the other members as session musicians. They described the decision to form a band, rather than present themselves as a solo musician with "an anonymous backing group", as a way of "hiding" and avoid being trapped "in a specific mould" if they achieved major success, saying: "This way I can change whatever cover I have to work under when my ideas alter or develop." Be-Bop Deluxe keyboardist Andy Clark joined Nelson in Red Noise, with the line-up completed by Bill's brother Ian on saxophone and jazz bassist Rick Ford. Drumming on Sound-on-Sound is split between Nelson and Dave Mattacks. The group recorded the album at Townhouse Studios, London, with producer and engineer John Leckie. Nelson had worked with Leckie since the first Be-Bop Deluxe album and found their partnership had developed into a "very give-and-take" fashion.
Recording the album was a simpler process than any Be-Bop Deluxe record due to the prevalence of synthesizers, which Nelson felt were "much richer, tonally, than you realise," and only used overdubs to emphasise a specific sound, typically guitars. They elaborated: "With a synthesizer you press a switch and a sound is the direct result. With a guitar you pluck a string, which resonates above a pick-up, which then sends a signal along a wire to an amplifier, etc, etc, etc. It's a thinner sound altogether, which is why we can reproduce the album material so much more simply onstage using a lot of electronic instruments." The influence of electronic music on Nelson in the period, including groups like the Residents, led them to begin using a synthesizer guitar instead of an ordinary one, and processing snare drums through fuzzboxes, among other experimentation. The most prominent synths on the album are the Minimoog and Yamaha CS80. Several songs on the album were remixed at Utopia Studios, London. Upon completion, Nelson felt unusually proud of the album, whereas with Be-Bop Deluxe albums they "couldn't bear to hear them for two months afterwards."
Composition
Nelson wrote the songs on Sound-on-Sound about "mundane, domestic things," citing "electronic appliances, factories...the paraphernalia of the times," and commenting that the album's instrumentation and arrangements reflect this. They said the "basic concept" behind the record was to explore all the science fiction themes they "hinted at" with Be-Bop Deluxe, who had one song on each album with such themes. They drew inspiration from dystopian novels like E.M. Forster's The Machine Stops, Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 and those by George Orwell, as well as the imagery of Fritz Lang's film Metropolis (1927), but also felt the album had a "future-kitsch element", highlighting its "slight tongue-in-cheek quality that suggests humorous absurdity" and describing the album as exploring its sinister concepts playfully. According to critic Michael Waynick, the album's lyrics explore a wide palette of 20th century dystopian fantasies, ranging from "Soviet-style social realism to state-sponsored lobotomy," while writer Daryl Easlea describes the album as modernistic and "full of 1984-style portent."
The music is characterised by its mechanical synthesizers, harsh guitars and frenzied rhythms. By emphasising synthesised instrumentation, and eschewing guitar solos, the record marks a firm departure from Be-Bop Deluxe, with Red Noise moving Nelson into a new wave direction, although a guitar solo does appear on "The Atom Age". Nelson wrote some songs to break from "the idea of a rhythm which starts at point A and goes to point B by a logical progression," instead building songs like "Don't Touch Me (I'm Electric)", "Stop/Go/Stop" and "Radar in My Heart" in a more abnormal fashion until the results were "a little bit angular; you can't just flow through them, yet their urgency creates its own kind of flow." The musician described the musical structure of "Art/Empire/Industry" as a jokey experiment "using a kind of Beatles' 'Twist & Shout' build-up but with modern instrumentation and techniques." They wrote "Stop/Go/Stop" – which features the line "To Central Information, from Intelligence Patrol/We all must follow orders, obey remote control" – in 1977 about their future-wife Jan while they were still married to their first wife. They married Jan by the recording of Sound-on-Sound and reflected on the song: "I'd been trying to tell Jan how I felt about them through my songs. They were born out of this heady love I was feeling for her."
Release and reception
The sleeve of Sound-on-Sound was designed by Japanese artist Bishin Jumonji, and depicts a bed-ridden robot constructed of both electronic and electromechanical components, chosen by Nelson to represent the album's 'mundane, domestic' themes. The back cover features an "Important Notice" writing that the album was "styled with today's hi-fi in mind," saying that the record should be "played at high volume in a room with no views other than those afforded by the use of subliminal image video apparatus." Nelson said they wrote the notice with their "tongue firmly in cheek". During the band's live performances, the group wore Red Army-style matching uniforms and used intricate lighting to "underline the point of the music," according to Nelson, who elaborated: "The songs are about the impending gloom of 1984, the austerity and the indoctrination. But I wanted to present the band as the perpetrators rather than the victims. The uniforms are part of that."
After disbanding Be-Bop Deluxe, Nelson gave EMI – parent company of Harvest Records, whom the band were signed to – a choice between signing Red Noise or dropping them altogether. Although the label agreed to sign Red Noise, they were taken aback when hearing Sound-on-Sound. Nelson elaborated: "A friend had dinner with EMI's head of A&R and told me he'd been asked, 'What's wrong with Bill? Why's they doing all this crazy music?'" Harvest released Sound-on-Sound on 16 February 1979, with the lead single "Furniture Music" being issued the same month. While the album jarred Nelson's fan base, it debuted and peaked at number 33 on the UK Albums Chart, where it stayed for five weeks, while "Furniture Music" reached number 59 on the UK Singles Chart, with "Revolt Into Style" reaching number 69 in May. In the United States, where the album was released by Capitol Records, it was a commercial failure.
Sound-on-Sound was released to polarising reviews from music critics, some of whom panned its intricate sound and compared it unfavourably with the work of Talking Heads and T. Rex. John Orme of Melody Maker derided the album for its "transparently contrived" music, which they equated with the ben-ridden robot on the album cover. Nelson was upset at the poor reception, telling interviewer Mark Williams that they felt reviewers chastised the album for sounding "artificial" when this was the intention of the album. They also rejected criticisms of the album being too dense and layered as "it was recorded so much more simply than the Be-bop albums." Following the album's disappointing sales in the US, Nelson was dropped by Capitol. In the UK, EMI dropped Nelson altogether in July 1979, alongside other groups like Wire, as the label was slimming down its roster and looking for more commercially viable artists. By that point, Nelson had been working on a second Red Noise album, which was intended for an August 1979 release, but the dropping left the tapes with EMI. They reworked some of the material for their solo album Quit Dreaming and Get on the Beam (1981); Nelson's prioritisation of solo material effectively ended Bill Nelson's Red Noise,
Retrospective assessment and legacy
Sound-on-Sound went out-of-print in 1980–81, but was re-released on vinyl by Cocteau Records in 1986, and remastered for CD release by Harvest in 1999. In 2012, Harvest released a deluxe edition of the album featuring live tracks, B-sides and Peel sessions. Reviewing the vinyl reissue, Option said the album's "nervous, jagged King Crimson meets Queen at a new wave club sound (with some metal thrown in) sounds as much as MTV as anything on MTV, and that is intended as a compliment." In a review of the 1999 reissue, Neil Mckay of Sunday Life wrote that the album's "pioneering electro/rock/pop" was "still sounding fresh." Reviewing the 2012 reissue, Daryl Easlea of Record Collector called Sound-on-Sound "the intelligent, one-off a curio that split the crowd on release in 1979, but simply gets better with age." They hailed it for its "weird, futuristic music" which they felt was consistently surprising and speedy, concluding that the album "still sounds how you once imagined the future would be." "Furniture Music" was also credited by Easlea for predicting Tubeway Army's hit single "Are 'Friends' Electric?" by three months, highlighting their "striking commonality".
Michael Waynick of AllMusic praised the album as "a brilliant collection of anti-romantic anthems" that "sounds like Devo given the Phil Spector wall-of-sound treatment." They hailed its breathless pace and tuneful sound and wrote: "If Nelson did abandon Red Noise as a musical dead end, it was a fascinating cul-de-sac nonetheless." Their colleague Steven McDonald called the record "a fluid document that demonstrated Nelson's ability to experiment." Mac Randall of Musician described Sound-on-Sound as a "brilliant album that went nowhere." Ira Robbins of Trouser Press wrote that Nelson "attacked the future with gusto" with the album's mix of lyrical modernism and "subtly infiltrated synthetic sounds," but considered the songs to be "the weak link," which they felt were generally half-formed "despite some good ideas." In The Virgin Encyclopedia of Popular Music, Colin Larkin described the record as an "agitated but confused" response to "punk and techno-rock forces." The music magazine Sound on Sound, established in 1995, was named after the album.
Track listing
All songs written by Bill Nelson.
Side one
"Don't Touch Me, (I'm Electric)" – 1:50
"For Young Moderns" – 4:24
"Stop/Go/Stop" – 3:10
"Furniture Music" – 3:31
"Radar in My Heart" – 1:36
"Stay Young" – 3:11
Side two
"Out of Touch" – 3:31
"A Better Home in the Phantom Zone" – 4:26
"Substitute Flesh" – 3:29
"Atom Age" – 3:01
"Art/Empire/Industry" – 2:45
"Revolt into Style" – 3:23
2012 bonus tracks
"Wonder Toys That Last Forever" ("Furniture Music" B-side)
"Acquitted by Mirrors" ("Furniture Music" B-side)
"Stay Young" (live at Leicester De Montfort Hall, 8 March 1979) ("Revolt Into Style" B-side)
"Out of Touch" (live at Leicester De Montfort Hall, 8 March 1979) ("Revolt Into Style" B-side)
"Stay Young" (Radio 1 Friday Rock Show session (17 February 1979)
"Furniture Music" (Radio 1 Friday Rock Show session (17 February 1979)
"Don't Touch Me (I'm Electric)" (Radio 1 Friday Rock Show session (17 February 1979)
"Out of Touch" (Radio 1 Friday Rock Show session (17 February 1979)
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of Sound-on-Sound
Bill Nelson's Red Noise
Bill Nelson - vocals, guitar, drums, synthesizer, keyboards, bass, percussion, harmonica, vocoder
Rick Ford - bass
Andy Clark - keyboards, synthesizer
Dave Mattacks - drums, electronic drums
Ian Nelson - tenor and alto saxophone, Wurlitzer, string synthesizer
Technical
Haydn Bendall - engineer
Bishin Jumonji - front cover photography
References
External links
1979 debut albums
Albums produced by John Leckie
Harvest Records albums
Bill Nelson's Red Noise albums
The 1988 North Carolina lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1988. Republican nominee Jim Gardner defeated Democratic nominee Tony Rand with 50.64% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on May 3, 1988.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Tony Rand, State Senator
Harold W. Hardison, State Senator
H. Parks Helms, former State Representative
Frank Jordan
Robert L. Hannon
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Jim Gardner, U.S. Representative
William T. "Bill" Boyd, State Representative
Wendell H. Sawyer, former State Senator
Results
General election
Candidates
Jim Gardner, Republican
Tony Rand, Democratic
Results
References
North Carolina
1988
Gubernatorial
Yongxing Island Airport , also known as Woody Island Airport, is a civilian-military dual-use airport located on Yongxing (Woody) Island, the largest of the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea. Yongxing/Woody Island is occupied and administered by China (PRC) as the seat of Sansha city of Hainan Province. The airport was expanded in 1990 to increase the combat range of Chinese warplanes. Further construction and reclamation of land commenced in 2012 to lengthen the airstrip. This work was completed in October 2014.
Military drills with fighter aircraft landing and taking off at Yongxing Island Airport were carried out and telecast on CCTV in December 2017.
Facilities
Yongxing Island Airport has a runway that is long, capable of handling any fourth generation fighter aircraft of the Chinese airforce such as the Sukhoi Su-30MK2. The airport has four hangars, a radar navigation station and four large fuel tanks, enabling it to serve as a forward deployment base for refueling warplanes on combat missions. A two storey terminal building with control tower is found on south side of the runway. It has a domestic arrival and departure areas. The terminal has three gates to handle civil airliners.
Airlines and destinations
See also
Dongsha Island Airport (Pratas Island)
List of airports in the Spratly Islands
List of airports in China
List of People's Liberation Army Air Force airbases
References
External links
Aerial photos of Yongxing Island and the airport
Airports in Hainan
Chinese Air Force bases
Airports established in 1990
1990 establishments in China
Paracel Islands
K-9: P.I. is a 2002 American direct-to-video buddy cop comedy film, directed by Richard J. Lewis and starring James Belushi. The film serves as the fourth and final installment in the K-9 film series; and is the sequel to K-911.
After retiring from the LAPD, Detective Michael Dooley (Belushi) and their lovable K-9 Partner Jerry Lee go on one last adventure before they retire and start to enjoy the good life.
Plot
After retiring, Detective Dooley and Jerry Lee have a retirement party with all of their friends. After the party, Dooley and Jerry Lee are both drunk. They enter LA Micro Labs and find a dead security guard apparently shot by criminals who have stolen a chip. Jerry Lee and Dooley must now track down the criminals and retrieve the chip.
Cast
James Belushi as Mike Dooley
Gary Basaraba as Pete Timmons
Kim Huffman as Laura Fields
Jody Racicot as Maurice
Christopher Shyer as Charles Thyer
Barbara Tyson as Catherine
Blu Mankuma as Captain Thomas
Duncan Fraser as Frankie the Fence
Jason Schombing as Carlos Cuesta
Kevin Durand as Agent Verner
Matthew Bennett as Agent Henry
Jay Brazeau as Dr. Tilley
Sarah Carter as Babe
Terry Chen as Sato
Dean Choe as Thief
Michael Eklund as Billy Cochran
G. Michael Gray as Junkie
Ellie Harvie as Jackie Von Jarvis
Dee Jay Jackson as Auto Pool Guy
David Lewis as Jack Von Jarvis
Angela Moore as Angie
Natassia Malthe as Dirty Dancer (as Lina Teal)
King as Jerry Lee
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 0% based 6 reviews.
See also
List of films with a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes
References
External links
2002 direct-to-video films
2002 films
Films about dogs
2002 action comedy films
American action comedy films
American buddy comedy films
American buddy cop films
Films shot in Vancouver
Direct-to-video sequel films
Universal Pictures direct-to-video films
Films set in San Diego
Fictional portrayals of the San Diego Police Department
2000s buddy cop films
Films with screenplays by Gary Scott Thompson
2002 comedy films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Richard J. Lewis
2000s American films
The decade of the 1000s involved some significant events in art.
Births
1000: Yi Yuanji – Chinese Northern Song painter famous for their realistic paintings of animals (died 1064)
Art
Years of the 11th century in art
Wild Wales: Its People, Language and Scenery is a travel book by the English Victorian gentleman writer George Borrow (1803–1881), first published in 1862.
The book recounts Borrow's personal experiences and insights while touring Wales alone on foot after a family holiday in Llangollen in 1854, and has come to be regarded as a source of useful information about the social and geographical history of the country at that time.
It has been described as "robust, dramatic and cheerful", and the author as "an agreeably eccentric, larger-than-life, jovial man whose laughter rings all through the book".
The author makes much of their self-taught ability to speak the Welsh language and how surprised the native Welsh people they meet and talks to are by both their linguistic abilities and their travels, education and personality, and also by their idiosyncratic pronunciation of their language.
Borrow's journey
Borrow gives a detailed account of their journey and starts their travels into North Wales from Chester, passing en route through Wrexham, Llangollen, Corwen and Betws-y-coed to Bangor, Anglesey, Caernarfon, Bala, Machynlleth and then south, through Mid Wales to Tregaron and Lampeter, Devil's Bridge, Cwm Ystwyth and Pont-rhyd-y-groes, eventually arriving in some of the industrial areas around the South Wales coalfields, such as Brynamman, Merthyr Tydfil and Pontardawe, before visiting Swansea and Neath and leaving the country via Caerphilly, Newport and Chepstow.
Borrow's view of Wales and the Welsh is considered to have been sympathetic by comparison with that generally prevalent in England at the time.
References
External links
Vision of Britain on George Borrow's Wild Wales
1862 non-fiction books
Books about Wales
George Borrow
Marcq-en-Baroeul Airport is a civil airport, located 6.1 km north-northeast of Lille, French Flanders, France
Overview
The airport is a small grass airfield used for general aviation
History
During World War II, the airport was used by the British Royal Air Force as Advanced Landing Ground B-57 Lille/Wambrechies.
References
SintDenijs-Westrem Marcq-en-Baroeul Airport
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
Airports in Hauts-de-France
is a railway station in the city of Shibata, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Kaji Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 30.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Kaji Station opened on 1 June 1914. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
Shibata Nanata Junior High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Shibata, Niigata
The Law of the Yukon is a 1920 American silent drama film inspired by the poem, The Law of The Yukon, by Robert W. Service. The film was directed by Charles Miller, and stars June Elvidge and Edward Earle. Portions of the movie were filmed at the Artic City studio in Port Henry, New York.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, Morgan Kleath (Earle), a young newspaper man from San Francisco, arrives in the Yukon to start a paper. Their welcome is an insult from Joe Duke (Velmar), a belligerent native, that results in the latter's first defeat and brews trouble to follow for Kleath. Goldie Meadows (Deaver), the adopted daughter of Tim Meadows (Smiley), keeper of the dance hall wins the heart of Kleath, increasing Duke's rage. A robbery instigated by associates of Duke leaves clues that point to Kleath as the guilty man. Claire Meredith (Elvidge), wife of Dr. Meredith (Cooper), and Tiny Tess, a habitué of the dance hall, supply the weak souls to perish in the country's crushing power, and their two love affairs make side issues from the main romance of Kleath and Goldie. As the noose begins to threaten Kleath, their unfaithful wife arrives from 'Frisco to reveal their freedom from blame and breathes their last with the end of their testimony, permitting the union of the lovers.
Cast
Edward Earle as Morgan Kleath
Joseph Smiley as Tim Meadows
Nancy Deaver as Goldie
June Elvidge as Mrs. Meredith
Bigelow Cooper as Dr. Meredith
Tom Velmar as Joe Duke
Warburton Gamble as Medford Delaney
Sara Biala as Kleath's wife
Nadine Nash
Tom O'Malley (credited as Thomas O'Malley)
John Webb Dillon (credited as Jack Dillon)
Bird Millman
See also
The Spell of the Yukon
Songs of a Sourdough
References
External links
American silent feature films
1920 films
1920 drama films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films based on poems
Films based on works by Robert W. Service
Films directed by Charles Miller
1920s American films
The 2010 African U-17 Women's World Cup Qualifying Tournament was the second edition of the African U-17 Cup of Nations for Women and the first edition of this under-17 qualification tournament new format. The biennial international under-17 football competition organised by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) to determine which women's under-17 national teams from Africa qualify for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.
10 teams entered the competition, but due to many withdrawals, only 5 played matches. The final three teams qualified to the World Cup. The top three teams of the tournament Ghana, Nigeria and South Africa qualified for the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Trinidad and Tobago as the CAF representatives.
Preliminary round
|}
1 – Both Kenya and Sierra Leone withdrew from competition before the start of the 1st leg. As a result, Botswana and Togo qualified for the next round.
First round
|}
2 – Togo, RD Congo, and Egypt withdrew from competition before the start of the 1st leg. As a result, Nigeria, Tunisia, and Ghana qualified for the next round.
Second round
|}
Nigeria and Ghana qualify for the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup held in Trinidad and Tobago. South Africa and Tunisia will play in a playoff round to determine the last qualifier.
Play-off round
|}
The winner of the play-off round will qualify for the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup held in Trinidad and Tobago.
Qualified teams for FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
The following three teams from CAF qualified for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.
References
External links
African Women U-17 Qualifying Tournament 2010 – rsssf.com
2010
Women's Championship,2010
2010 in women's association football
2010 in youth sport
2010 in youth association football
Soave may refer to:
Soave, Veneto, commune in Veneto region, Italy
Soave (wine), a dry white wine from Veneto region
Moses Soave (1820–1882), Italian Hebraist
Robby Soave, American libertarian author and journalist
The Grassy Butte Post Office in Grassy Butte, North Dakota, United States, is a Ukrainian-type log building that was built by Carl Jagol and others in 1914. It was used as a post office for 49 years, until 1963, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, at which time it was owned by the McKenzie County Historical Society.
It is significant as "one of the last known examples of Ukrainian-type log and clay plaster construction in North Dakota. Built in 1914, the post office dates from the main 1890 to 1914 immigration from Ukraine to the United States."
It was noted in its NRHP nomination that, though the building "is widely recognized as an example of pioneer architecture, North Dakotans are generally unaware of the ethnic origins of the building. The inclusion of the post office in the National Register of Historic Places, as well as other examples of vernacular ethnic architecture in North Dakota will serve to illustrate the diverse contributions of ethnic groups to the rural cultural landscape of the state."
It is open as a museum during the summer.
References
External links
TripAdvisor review of visit, with 2 photos from 2011
Government buildings completed in 1914
History museums in North Dakota
Museums in McKenzie County, North Dakota
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
Ukrainian-American culture in North Dakota
Historic American Buildings Survey in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in McKenzie County, North Dakota
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
1914 establishments in North Dakota
Korouhanba () is the God of the Sun, the Sky and the Heaven in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).  They are also known as Taohuireng and is one of the two sun brothers in the Numit Kappa epic legend. For having the ability to remove darkness, they are also called "Ngantureng".  They are described as "Songbu Chiraitangba", a physician who is bald headed.
Etymology
The Meitei name "Korouhanba" (ko.rəu.hən.bə, ꯀꯣꯔꯧꯍꯟꯕ) is a term for the Sun. This term is generally used in verses or in poems. "Korouhanba" (ko.rəu.hən.bə, ꯀꯣꯔꯧꯍꯟꯕ) can be fragmented into "Korou" (ko.rəu, ꯀꯣꯔꯧ), "Han" (hən, ꯍꯟ) and "Ba" (bə, ꯕ). "Korou" (ko.rəu, ꯀꯣꯔꯧ) means the day. "Han" (hən, ꯍꯟ) means "to be older". "Ba" (bə, ꯕ) denotes noun form.
Description
According to the Meitei tradition, Sun God Korouhanba has strong connection with human body, human soul and origin of life. The human body is a "Lang" (lit. trap). Inside the trap, the "Thawai Polpi" (lit. soul bird) is kept. The soul bird leaves the former "Lang" and enters into another "Lang". The process is called "Langon" (lit. Changing of Lang). The "Polpilang Puya" text describes that the sun is the origin of life. It was told to Luwang Leikoiba by Mangang Laininghal according to the text. They (the Sun) represents the Supreme Being in the world of things (non living) and beings (living).  They are Korouhanba.
Cults and pantheons
The Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated in honor of God Korouhanba every year. The most significant shrine dedicated to God Korouhanba is in Moidangpok town in Manipur.
The cults and pantheons dedicated to God Korouhanba are mainly maintained by the Thokchom family of Meitei ethnicity.
They have religious association with the Maring tribe.
Connection with other deities
God Korouhanba has connection with Mangang Luwang Khuman, the three divine teachers in many legends.
Namesakes
Martial Arts Club
The Ibudhou Korouhanba Thang-Ta Moidangpok is a club of Thang Ta, a martial art form of the Meitei ethnicity. This martial arts association was a leading participant in the 31st State Thang Ta Championship in the year 2021.
See also
Pisatao
Taoroinai
References
Bibliography
A Critical Study Of The Religious Philosophy - by Singh, L. Bhagyachandra - 1991
External links
Abundance gods
Arts gods
Dawn gods
Domestic and hearth deities
Domestic and hearth gods
Fire gods
Fortune gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Light gods
Love and lust gods
Magic gods
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature gods
Ningthou
Peace gods
Planetary gods
Sky and weather gods
Solar gods
Stellar gods
Time and fate gods
Trickster gods
Alec Mathieu Georgen (born 17 September 1998) is a French professional footballer who plays as a right-back for club Concarneau on loan from Auxerre.
Club career
Paris Saint-Germain
Georgen signed a three-year professional contract with Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) in July 2015. They made their professional debut on 24 January 2017, in the Coupe de la Ligue semi-final against Bordeaux. They replaced Lucas Moura after 88 minutes, in a 4–1 away win.
Loan to AZ
In January 2018, Georgen was loaned to AZ for the remainder of the 2017–18 season. They would play four matches for Jong AZ before returning to PSG.
Avranches
In September 2019, Georgen left PSG to join Championnat National club Avranches.
Auxerre
On 3 June 2020, Georgen signed for Ligue 2 side Auxerre. They put pen to paper for a three-year contract with the club.
Georgen made their debut for Auxerre in a 2–0 home loss to Sochaux on 22 August 2020. Their first Coupe de France match came on 19 January 2021, as their team was victorious 1–0 over Troyes.
On 22 August 2022, Georgen was loaned to Concarneau.
Career statistics
Honours
Paris Saint-Germain U19
Championnat National U19: 2015–16
UEFA Youth League runner-up: 2015–16
Paris Saint-Germain
Coupe de la Ligue: 2016–17
France U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship: 2015
Individual
UEFA European Under-17 Championship: 2015 Team of the Tournament
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Clamart
Association football defenders
French footballers
France youth international footballers
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
AZ Alkmaar players
Jong AZ players
US Avranches players
AJ Auxerre players
US Concarneau players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Eerste Divisie players
Footballers from Hauts-de-Seine
Windham High School (WHS) is a public high school in Windham, Maine, United States. It is part of the Windham Raymond School District RSU14 and accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC).
References
External links
Windham, Maine
Raymond, Maine
High schools in Cumberland County, Maine
Public high schools in Maine
Palamabron is a character in William Blake's mythology, representing pity.  They are the brother of Rintrah (wrath), Bromion (scientific thought) and Theotormon (desire/jealousy), represented together as either the Sons of Los or of Jerusalem.
William Blake's mythology
Mayan Revival is a modern architectural style popular in the Americas during the 1920s and 1930s that drew inspiration from the architecture and iconography of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican cultures.
History
Origins
Though the name of the style refers specifically to the Maya civilization of southern Mexico and Central America, in practice, this revivalist style frequently blends Maya architectural and artistic motifs "playful pilferings of the architectural and decorative elements" with those of other Mesoamerican cultures, particularly the Central Mexican Aztec architecture styling from the pre-contact period as exhibited by the Mexica and other Nahua groups. Although there were mutual influences between these original and otherwise distinct and richly varied pre-Columbian artistic traditions, the syncretism of these modern reproductions is often an ahistorical one.
Historian Marjorie Ingle traces the history of this style to the Pan American Union Building by Paul Philippe Cret which incorporates numerous motifs drawn from the indigenous traditions of the Americas. Maya and Mexica elements in the Pan American Union Building include the floor mosaics surrounding a central fountain (most of the motifs are copied directly from sculpture at Copan) and figures on lights flanking the entrance to the building. The building's Art Museum of the Americas contains numerous stoneware architectural details that are copied from Maya and Mexica art.
In the Art Deco period
Several prominent architects worked in this style, including Frank Lloyd Wright. Wright's Hollyhock House on Olive Hill in Los Angeles copied the shape of temples from Palenque, and the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo was in the shape of a Mesoamerican pyramid. Their Ennis House, Millard House (La Miniatura), Storer House, and Freeman House in Los Angeles are built in their concrete textile block system, with bas reliefs and modular unit construction evoking the geometric patterning on the façades of Uxmal buildings.
Wright's son, landscape architect and architect Lloyd Wright, served as construction manager for three of their father's four textile block houses. They independently designed the iconic Mayan-modernist John Sowden House in 1926 in the Los Feliz District of Hollywood.
Wright's disciple Arata Endo constructed the Kōshien Hotel in the 1930s, heavily influenced by the architecture of the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo.
Commissioned in 1953, the massive pyramid of the Beth Sholom Synagogue with its geometric roof detailing is perhaps the most direct Wright evocation of Maya form.
Prominent examples
Likely the most publicized example of Mayan Revival was Robert Stacy-Judd's Aztec Hotel of 1924–1925. Its façade, interiors and furniture incorporated abstract patterns inspired by the Maya script with Art Deco influences, and it was built on the original U.S. Route 66 in Monrovia, California.
Stacy-Judd was directly influenced by John Lloyd Stephens writings, and perhaps even more so by the illustrations by Frederick Catherwood as presented in their book Incidents of Travel in Central America, Chiapas and Yucatan, a work that introduced many to the wondrous ruins of Central America. In it Stacy-Judd explains the choice of the name of the hotel: "When the hotel project was first announced, the word Maya was unknown to the layperson. The subject of Maya culture was only of archaeological importance, a, at that, concerned but a few exponents. As a word Aztec was fairly well known, I baptized the hotel with that name, although all the decorative motifs are Maya." Although the buildings use of reinforced concrete to create the intricate designs on the exterior one opinionated observer wrote: "The bizarre Aztec forms may create the atmosphere desired, and will serve the legitimate publicity interests of the establishment, but it would be deplorable if an 'Aztec Movement' set in and the style copyists were diverted from noble examples to the forms of a semi-barbaric people."
Other prominent buildings in this style include:
the Aurora Elks Lodge in Aurora, Illinois, 1926
the Mayan Theater in Los Angeles by Stiles O. Clements, 1927
the Petroleum Building, Houston, by the Anglo-American architect Alfred Bossom, a notable proponent of Mayan Revival, 1927
The Casino Club building in San Antonio, Texas, 1927.
and the Fisher Theater by Albert Kahn in Detroit, where the great scholar of the Maya, Sylvanus G. Morley was involved in the design, 1928
the Guardian Building by Wirt C. Rowland of Smith Hinchman & Grylls, 1928–1929
450 Sutter Street in San Francisco by Timothy L. Pflueger, 1929
United Office Building in Niagara Falls, New York by James A. Johnson of Esenwein & Johnson, 1929
the Mayan Theater in Denver by Montana Fallis, 1929–1930
The Lincoln Theater in Marion, Virginia. 1929
The Berkeley Public Library, 1934
The Hall of Waters in Excelsior Springs, Missouri, 1937. National Register of Historic Places.
Art and History Museums—Maitland Art Center, Maitland, FL, 1938. Winter artist colony designed by J. Andre Smith. National Historic Landmark
See also
Art Deco of the 20s and 30s
Art Deco Architecture: Design, Decoration and Detail from the Twenties and Thirties
Cultural appropriation
Mesoamerican architecture
Maya art
México City México Temple
References
Bibliography
Barrett, John. "The Pan American Union: Peace, Friendship, Commerce." Washington, D.C.: Pan American Union. 1911
Braun, Barbara. Pre-Columbian Art and the Post-Columbian World: Ancient American Sources of Modern Art. New York. Harry N. Abrams. 1993.
Gebhard, David and Peres, Anthony. Robert Stacy-Judd: Maya Architecture and the Creation of a New Style. Capra Press. 1993.
Ingle, Marjorie I. The Mayan Revival Style: Art Deco Mayan Fantasy. University of New Mexico Press. 1989.
---. Atlantis: Mother of Empires. Los Angeles. De Vorse & Co. 1939
---. The Ancient Mayas, Adventures In the Jungles of Yucatan. Los Angeles. Haskell-Travers, Inc. 1934
---. A Maya Manuscript. Los Angeles. Philosophical Research Society. 1940.
Phillips, Ruth Anne. " 'Pre-Columbian Revival': Defining and Exploring a U.S. Architectural Style, 1910-1940." Ph.D. diss. (New York: City University of New York, 2007).
Willard, T. A., The City of the Sacred Well, Being a Narrative of the Discoveries and Excavations of Edward Herbert Thompson in the Ancient City of Chi-chen Itza With Some Discourse on the Culture and Development of the Mayan Civilization as Revealed by Their Art and Architecture, Here Set Down and Illustrated From Photographs. New York. Century Co. 1926
External links
Route 66-org: the Aztec Hotel – Monrovia
Revival architectural styles
Architectural styles
American architectural styles
House styles
Revival architecture in the United States
Sethani Ghat is a 19th-century construction along the banks of the river Narmada at Narmadapuram in Madhya Pradesh in India. It is one of the largest ghats in India. During Narmada Jayanti celebrations the ghat comes alive when thousands of people converge on the ghats and diyas are floated in the river. The ghat was built after generous contributions by Jankibai Sethani from the Sharma family in Narmadapuram after devotees complained to them about the difficulty in getting to the river, Hence the ghat is named after them It is one of the few examples of public infrastructure built through private funding in India. A photo of Narmada from Sethani ghat can be seen in the book Jungle Rahe Taki Narmada Bahe!, by Pankaj Srivastava.
References
Gazetier, Hoshangabad District, Govt. of India
External links
http://www.hindu.com/thehindu/gallery/0092/009201.jpg
https://web.archive.org/web/20070928223932/http://madhyapradeshtourism.com/site_seeing.asp?id=d22
http://www.india9.com/i9show/31016.htm
Buildings and structures in Madhya Pradesh
Hoshangabad
Ghats of India
Religion in Madhya Pradesh
Tourist attractions in Hoshangabad district
Ciconia maltha, also known as the asphalt stork or La Brea stork, is an extinct stork from the Late Pliocene – Late Pleistocene of United States (California, Oregon, Idaho and Florida), Cuba and Bolivia. It has been found in the La Brea Tar Pits.
It is a relatively large species of Ciconia, with a height of over 5 feet (1.5 meters) and a wingspan up to 10 feet (3 meters) across.
References
maltha
Pliocene birds of North America
Pleistocene birds of North America
Pleistocene extinctions
Fossils of Cuba
Fossil taxa described in 1910
Birds described in 1910
Broscinae is a subfamily of ground beetles (the family Carabidae). It contains the tribe Broscini and the following genera:
Acallistus Sharp, 1886
Adotela Castelnau, 1867
Anheretus Putzeys, 1868
Axonya Andrewes, 1923
Barypus Dejean, 1828
Bountya Townsend, 1971
Brithysternus MacLeay, 1873
Broscodera Lindroth, 1961
Broscodes Bolivar & Pieltain, 1914
Broscosoma Rosenhauer, 1846
Broscus Panzer, 1813
Cascellius Curtis, 1839
Cerotalis Castelnau, 1867
Chaetobroscus Semenov, 1900
Chylnus Sloane, 1920
Craspedonotus Schaum, 1863
Creobius Guérin-Méneville, 1838
Diglymma Sharp, 1886
Ebertius Jedlicka, 1965
Eobroscus Kryzhanovskij, 1951
Eurylychnus Bates, 1891
Gnathoxys Westwood, 1839
Mecodema Blanchard, 1853
Microbarypus Roig-Junient, 2000
Miscodera Eschscholtz, 1830
Monteremita Seldon & Holwell, 2019
Nothobroscus Roig-Junient & Ball, 1995
Nothocascellius Roig-Junient, 1995
Oregus Putzeys, 1868
Orthoglymma Liebherr et al., 2011
Parroa Laporte de Castelnau, 1868
Percolestus Sloane, 1892
Percosoma Schaum, 1858
Promocoderus Dejean, 1829
Pseudobroscus
Rawlinsius Davidson & Ball, 1998
Zacotus LeConte, 1869
References
Carabidae subfamilies
Valley County is a rural county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,746. The county seat is Cascade, and the largest city is McCall. Established in 1917, it was named after the Long Valley of the North Fork of the Payette River, which extends over from Payette Lake at McCall south to Cascade to Round Valley. The valley was formerly a summer pasture for livestock from the Boise Valley. Since the completion of the Cascade Dam in 1948, much of the northern valley has been covered by the Cascade Reservoir.
Valley County is home to the Idaho ground squirrel.
History
Packer John Welch, who had contracted to freight supplies to miners of Idaho City, established a camp on Gold Fork Creek and a brush cabin on Clear Creek in the 1860s. They also established a station near what later became the town of Cascade.
During the 1870s, prospectors and miners started searching for gold. The Clara Foltz mines opened on Paddy Flat, and other diggings commenced on Boulder and Gold Fork Creeks.
In the late 1870s, the last of the Sheepeater Tribe was removed from Long Valley and Round Valley to a reservation. As the gold sources dwindled, a few of the miners took up squatter's rights. James Horner built a cabin on Clear Creek in 1881, other miners settled on the Payette River.
Also in 1888, the first post offices in Valley County were opened at VanWyck, another one opened at Lardo in 1889. That same year Louis McCall and other settlers took squatter's rights on Payette Lake. Their homesteads were the nucleus of what would later become the town of McCall. A freight stop was established at Lardo to service the increased mining activity at Warren Meadows.
The 1890 census stated 538 people resided in the VanWyck precinct, and 110 resided in the Alpha precinct. Land survey maps drawn in the 1890s show four schools. The maps also point out sawmills at Warner's Pond and on Gold Fork Creek. A small reservoir near VanWyck can also be seen on them. The 1890s were a period of strife for the new settlers. Ranchers from south of Long Valley annually brought their large herds of cattle to graze in Long Valley. The homesteaders resented the intrusion and retaliated on several occasions by slaughtering the outsiders' cattle.
Gold was first discovered in the Thunder Mountain area in 1893, W.H. Dewey began mining on a large scale in 1902. As many as 3,000 miners swarmed into the region.
From the 1910s onwards, logging became, along with farming and ranching, the economic mainstay of Long Valley. Towns distant from the railroad, such as Alpha, Crawford and Roseberry, soon lost their vitality and died. Towns near the railroad, such as Cascade, Donnelly and McCall, thrived and became the population centers of Valley County.
The Stibnite Mining District, located near Yellow Pine, was critical to the country's war effort during World War II.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water. It is the fifth-largest county in Idaho by area.
Adjacent counties
Idaho County - north
Adams County - west
Gem County - southwest
Boise County - south
Custer County - east
Lemhi County - east
National protected areas
Boise National Forest (part)
Payette National Forest (part)
Salmon-Challis National Forest (part)
Transportation
Highways
- Payette River Scenic Byway
The county's primary highway is the north–south State Highway 55, the Payette River Scenic Byway, a designated national scenic byway. It heads north from Eagle in Ada County to Horseshoe Bend in Boise County, and climbs the whitewater of the Payette River to Cascade and McCall. The route turns west at Payette Lake in McCall and ends at New Meadows in Adams County, at the junction with US-95.
Airports
The county has public-use airports owned by the state, by the U.S. Forest Service, and by local municipalities.
Bernard USFS Airport (U54)
Big Creek Airport (U60)
Bruce Meadows Airport (U63)
Cabin Creek USFS Airport (I08)
Cascade Airport (U70)
Donald D. Coski Memorial Airport (U84)
Indian Creek USFS Airport (S81)
Johnson Creek Airport (3U2)
Krassel USFS Airport (24K)
Landmark USFS Airport (0U0)
Mahoney Creek USFS Airport (0U3)
McCall Municipal Airport (MYL)
Soldier Bar USFS Airport (85U)
Thomas Creek Airport (2U8)
Government and politics
Valley County has long been a Republican stronghold, though it currently gives Democrats larger vote shares than most of Idaho. In 2004, George Bush defeated John Kerry by a 21-point margin (59-38%), whilst in 2008, Valley County was much more competitive than in previous elections, as John McCain defeated Barack Obama by only 7 points (52-45%). Democratic strength is entirely centered around the tourist town of McCall and the surrounding area around the Payette Lake, while the rest of the county remains strongly Republican.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,651 people, 3,208 households, and 2,252 families living in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 8,084 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.43% White, 0.69% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.04% Black or African American, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.10% from other races, and 1.40% from two or more races. 1.96% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 19.1% were of German, 16.4% English, 11.3% American and 10.1% Irish ancestry.
There were 3208 households, out of which 28.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.90% were married couples living together, 5.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.80% were non-families. 24.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.81.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.70% under the age of 18, 4.40% from 18 to 24, 24.90% from 25 to 44, 32.20% from 45 to 64, and 14.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 105.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,927, and the median income for a family was $42,283. Males had a median income of $31,113 versus $21,777 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,246. About 6.20% of families and 9.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.10% of those under age 18 and 5.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,862 people, 4,393 households, and 2,870 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 11,789 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.8% white, 0.7% American Indian, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% black or African American, 1.6% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.9% were German, 19.3% were English, 12.8% were Irish, 7.6% were American, and 5.5% were Scottish.
Of the 4,393 households, 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were married couples living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.7% were non-families, and 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.71. The median age was 46.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,851 and the median income for a family was $59,737. Males had a median income of $40,917 versus $35,876 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,577. About 11.5% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.0% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Cascade
Donnelly
McCall
Census-designated places
Smiths Ferry
Yellow Pine
Other unincorporated communities
Big Creek
Lake Fork
Roseberry
Warm Lake
Ski areas
Brundage Mountain (1961)
Little Ski Hill (1937)
Tamarack Resort (2004)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Valley County, Idaho
References
External links
County Parcel Map
State of Idaho official site - Valley County
Idaho counties
1917 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1917
The Bahia 22, also called the Bahia 23, is a French trailerable sailboat that was designed by Philippe Harlé as a pocket cruiser and first built in 1983.
Production
The design was built by Jeanneau in France, between 1983 and 1987 but it is now out of production. The boat was also imported into the United States.
Design
The Bahia 22 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a fractional sloop rig, a raked stem, a plumb transom, a transom-hung rudder controlled by a tiller and a stub keel and centerboard or, optionally, fixed fin keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The centerboard version of the boat has a draft of with the centerboard extended and with it retracted, allowing operation in shallow water or ground transportation on a trailer.
The boat is normally fitted with a small outboard motor for docking and maneuvering.
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin and two straight settee berths in the main cabin. The galley is located amidships on both sides just aft of the bow cabin. The galley is equipped with a stove and a sink. Cabin headroom is .
The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 177 and a hull speed of .
Operational history
In a 2010 review Steve Henkel wrote, "the Bahia 23 (22' 9" LOA if you include both the outboard rudder and the bow pulpit in the length, but only 20' 4" LOD and 21" 11" LOA measured the conventional way) was built in France, and some few hulls were imported to the United States. As with many other French designs, a lot of thought has gone into the execution. Best features: The cabin arrangement is better than the average 20-footer's. Headroom is almost five feet ... [the s]ettee berths are both in the range of 7' 0" to 7' 6" long, A central table folds down, and also swings to one side for ingress and egress, or fore and aft for dining or other social activity. A companionway step can also serve as a bench at the table. On deck, lifeline stanchions have fixing points for beaching legs to hold the hull upright, in case you get caught on a falling tide. Worst features: The main hatch is hinged at the forward end, rather than sliding fore and aft, which limits headroom as well as visibility for those who like to stand in the companionway to look around."
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Philippe Harlé
Sailboat types built by Jeanneau
is a Japanese manga author and illustrator.  They are the creator of the manga series Psyren and Mieru Hito, both serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump. Their students are Ryūhei Tamura, the author of Beelzebub, Yūki Tabata, the author of Black Clover and Naoya Matsumoto, the author of Kaiju No. 8. After creating the one-shot manga Godland Company and Sakuran (Tentative), Iwashiro's newest series Kagamigami, was also serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump before its cancellation.  They are native to Kanagawa Prefecture.
Works
The 10th Division - Version 1 (2003, Weekly Shonen Jump)
The 10th Division - Version 2 (2004, Weekly Shonen Jump)
Dog Child-Kudoh (2004, Weekly Shonen Jump)
Mieru Hito (2005-2006, Weekly Shonen Jump)
Psyren (2007-2010, Weekly Shonen Jump)
Godland Company (2011, Jump NEXT!)
Sakuran (Tentative) (2013, Weekly Shonen Jump)
Kagamigami'' (2015, Weekly Shonen Jump)
References
External links
Toshiaki Iwashiro at Media Arts Database
1977 births
Manga artists from Kanagawa Prefecture
Living people
Manga artists
Six Melodies is a collection of six pieces for violin and keyboard instrument by John Cage. It was composed in 1950, shortly after Cage completed their String Quartet in Four Parts. The work uses the same techniques: the gamut technique and the nested rhythmic proportions. First, a fixed number of sonorities (single tones, intervals and aggregates) is prepared, each created independently of the other. These sonorities are called gamuts. Sequences of gamuts are then used to create melodies with harmonic backgrounds that are in no way connected to functional harmony, which Cage sought to avoid. The collection of gamuts used in Six Melodies is nearly identical to the one used in the String Quartet (Cage called Six Melodies "a postscript" to that work). The structure of each piece, and that of each phrase, is defined by the same rhythmic pattern: 3, 3, 4, 4, 3, 4. The violinist is instructed in the score to play without vibrato and with minimum weight on the bow.
Editions
Edition Peters 6748. (c) 1960 by Henmar Press.
Edition Peters EP68526. (c) 2015 – Violin & Guitar by Aaron Larget-Caplan
See also
List of compositions by John Cage
Notes
External links
John Cage's studio reading of Mureau,  They are Asleep and Six Melodies for violin and keyboard at Internet Archive
Compositions by John Cage
Lele is the name of at least six different languages:
Lele language (Bantu), a Bantu language
Lele language (Chad), an Afro-Asiatic language
Lele language (Guinea), a Mande language
Lele language (Papua New Guinea), an Austronesian language
Lyélé language or Lélé of Burkina Faso, a Gurunsi language
Tiagba language or Lélé of the Ivory Coast, a Kru language
Sandokushi (三毒史, "The History of the Three Poisons") also known as triviṣa-itihāsa, is the sixth studio album by Japanese musician Ringo Sheena released on May 27, 2019, through EMI Records and Universal Music Japan. Similarly to their previous studio album Hi Izuru Tokoro (2014), the album is a compilation studio album compiling singles released from 2014 to 2019, as well as new compositions.
Track listing
All tracks written and arranged by Ringo Sheena, except where noted.
Credits and track listing adapted from Tidal and Universal Music Japan.
Personnel
Musicians
Ringo Sheena – vocals
Hiroji Miyamoto – featured vocals
Atsushi Sakurai – featured vocals
Shutoku Mukai – featured vocals
Ukigumo – featured vocals , guitar , sitar , additional vocals
Masayuki Hiizumi – featured vocals , keyboards , piano , synthesizer , wurli
Tortoise Matsumoto – featured vocals
Ichiyo Izawa – additional vocals , keyboards , piano
Vanya Moneva Choir – background vocals
Gakutaro Miyauchi – trombone
Junko Yamashiro – trombone
Katsuhisa Asari – trombone
Nobuhide Handa – trombone
Satoshi Sano – trombone
Yoichi Murata – trombone
Yuya Tamura – tuba
Michiyo Morikawa – flute
Hideyo Takakuwa – flute
Takuo Yamamoto – baritone saxophone , flute , tenor saxophone
Kei Suzuki – soprano saxophone , tenor saxophone
Masakuni Takeno – soprano saxophone , tenor saxophone , alto saxophone
Masato Honda – alto saxophone
Masato Honma – alto saxophone
Osamu Yoshida – baritone saxophone
Ryoji Ihara – tenor saxophone
Hitomi Niida – trumpet
Hitoshi Yokoyama – trumpet
Koji Nishimura – trumpet
Luis Valle – trumpet
Masahiko Sugasaka – trumpet
Sho Okumura – trumpet
Hirofumi Wada – horn
Karin Tajima – horn
Otohiko Fujita – horn
Tsutomu Isohata – horn
Tetsuya Cho – bassoon
Osamu Fukui – bassoon
Satoko Seki – piccolo
Satoshi Shoji – cor anglais
Kanami Araki – oboe
Masashi Togame – clarinet
Hideo Yamaki – drums
Midori Takada – cymbals , drums , glockenspiel , percussion , snare drums , tubular bells , vibraphone , timpani
Midorin – drums
Tom Tamada – drums
Toshiki Hata – drums
Kazumasa Ohya – cymbals , xylophone
Masato Kawase – percussion
Mataro – percussion
Shinji Asakura – percussion , timpani
U-Zhaan – tabla
Yukio Nagoshi – guitar
Hiro Yamaguchi – bass guitar
Keisuke Torigoe – bass guitar
Seiji Kameda – bass guitar
Masaki Hayashi – celesta , piano
Masanori Sasaji – piano
Tomoyuki Asakawa – harp
Yoshiaki Sato – accordion
Hidekatsu Onishi – glass harmonica
DJ Daishizen – sound effects
Akiko Shimauchi – viola
Amiko Watabe – viola
Chikako Nishimura – viola
Go Tomono – viola
Hirohito Furugawara – viola
Hyojin Kim – viola
Manami Tokutaka – viola
Masaki Shono – viola
Mayu Takashima – viola
Misato Futaki – viola
Sachie Onuma – viola
Saori Oka – viola
Yuji Yamada – viola
Ayaka Jomoto – violin
Ado Matsumoto – violin
Akane Irie – violin
Akiko Maruyama – violin
Daisuke Yamamoto – violin
Ayamu Koshikawa – violin
Eriko Ukimura – violin
Great Eida – violin
Haruko Yano – violin
Hikari Shimada – violin
Jo Kuwata – violin
Hiroki Muto – violin
Kioki Miki – violin
Kiyo Kido – violin
Kojiro Takizawa – violin
Kyoko Ishigame – violin
Nagisa Kiriyama – violin
Naoko Ishibashi – violin
Natsue Kameda – violin
Osamu Iyoku – violin
Reina Ushiyama – violin
Shizuka Kawaguchi – violin
Syuga Hayashi – violin
Takayuki Oshikane – violin
Tatsuo Ogura – violin
Tonomi Tokunaga – violin
Ya Manabe – violin
Yui Kaneko – violin
Yuki Nakajima – violin
Yukinori Murata – violin
Yuri Kamei – violin
Yuya Yanagihara – violin
Ayano Kasahara – cello
Erika Makioka – cello
Junpei Hayashida – cello
Masami Horisawa – cello
Masutami Endo – cello
Tomoki Tai – cello
Toshiyuki Muranaka – cello
Wataru Mukai – cello
Yoshihiko Maeda – cello
Yuhki Shinozaki – cello
Kenji Takamizu – double bass
Teruhiko Saito – double bass
Yoshinobu Takeshita – double bass
Production
Ringo Sheena – arrangement
Masanori Sasaji – arrangement
Neko Saito – conducting , horn arrangement (3, 11), string arrangement (3, 11), rhythm arrangement (11), arrangement (12)
Youichi Murata – horn arrangement
Uni Inoue – music production
Vanya Moneva – choir conducting
Charts and sales
Charts
Sales
References
2019 albums
Ringo Sheena albums
Japanese-language albums
Universal Music Japan albums
EMI Records albums
is a railway station located in the city of Tainai, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Hirakida Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line and is 44.7 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of two opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
The station opened on 1 November 1914. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
The station is mainly used by students who live in the area. Points of interest include:
Hirakida Ekimae Post Office
Idaten Shrine
Idaten-yama Ruins
Oppō-ji
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Tainai, Niigata
"Goodbye (Astrid Goodbye)" is a 1978 single from Australian rock band Cold Chisel. Written by keyboardist Don Walker and vocalist Jimmy Barnes, it was released as a single in 1978, peaking at number 65 on the Australian charts. It appeared as a track on the 1979 album Breakfast at Sweethearts.
Details
The single, "Goodbye (Astrid Goodbye)" preceded the album Breakfast at Sweethearts by some months, and was recorded when demos were being done for the album. The single is markedly different from the later album version, with a doubled guitar riff and a less prominent piano.
A fast-paced rocker, lyricist Walker said the song was written because the band, "needed a set finisher." Described as, "the band's blazing showstopper," it was often played as the last song in concerts, and also on the live album Swingshift.
Lyrically, the song is written from the perspective of a husband leaving their wife. Opening with the lines, "Open up the door Astrid, because I'm comin' down the stairs / And I ain't gonna listen to no more pissin' around", the three verses are all addressed to the wife. The lyrics were originally written for a completely different song that was sung by Ian Moss before being given to Barnes to write matching music. Walker later said they knew no-one named Astrid, and they had probably heard the name in relation to Bill Wyman's wife.
Although included in Cold Chisel's greatest hits collections, the single received little airplay at the time of release.
Reception
Critic Toby Creswell described the song as a rudimentary 12-bar thrash. They said the song is, "full of wit and attitude. The Narrator lets fly their scorn for the woman's lifestyle. All the bottled-up anger spews out. Taking three chords and a simple story and transforming them into a unique and confronting piece like this takes real genius."
Reviewed at the time of release, Roadrunner said, "Radio play is the chief objective of Cold Chisel's "Goodbye". It's a good, basic rock song with great vocals. The flip, a version of the old Hoagy Carmichael standard is just superb."
Charts
References
Cold Chisel songs
1978 songs
1978 singles
Warner Music Group singles
Songs written by Don Walker (musician)
Songs written by Jimmy Barnes
Song recordings produced by Richard Batchens
John Bailey Peddle (Terre Haute, Indiana, February 27, 1868 – idem, April 6, 1933) was an American mechanical engineer, Professor of Machine Design at the Rose Polytechnic Institute and author, known for their seminal work Construction of Graphical Charts, 1910.
Life and work
Peddle was the son of Charles R. and Mary Elizabeth Ball Peddle. They graduated at the Rose Rose Polytechnic Institute in 1888, and after six years in business joint the faculty in 1894‎ as instructor in machine design. From 1897 until 1933 they were Professor of Machine Design back at the Rose Polytechnic Institute.
In 1910 Peddle published the Construction of Graphical Charts, which was the first book in the English language treating of the art of graphical representation. The work was written from an mathematical point of view, and required some engineering training. In 1914 Willard C. Brinton published a similar work for the general audience with no mathematics, called Graphic Methods for Presenting Facts.
Peddle has been member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and the Indiana Academy of Science.
Peddle was also an amateur photographer, who published some of their work and articles in The Photographic times magazine including a self-portrait.
Family
Peddle's younger sister was the sculptor Caroline Peddle Ball (1869–1938). Peddle married Alice O Peddle, and they had 2 children: Juliet Peddle (1899–1979), an modernist architect, and one other child.
Publications
The construction of graphical charts, New York, McGraw-Hill, 1910.
Article's, a selection
"Alinement Diagram in the Graphical Solution of Equations," By John B Peddle, 1905.
"The construction of graphical charts," in: American Machinist, May 30, 1908.
"Color Photography," in: Proceedings of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. 1915.
"Carl Leo Mees," in: Science. September 2, 1932. Vol 76, Issue 1966. pp. 206–207
References
American mechanical engineers
Rose–Hulman Institute of Technology alumni
Rose–Hulman Institute of Technology
How to Marry a Billionaire: A Christmas Tale is a 2000 American Christmas romantic comedy television film directed by Rod Daniel, starring John Stamos, Joshua Malina, and Shemar Moore. It is a remake of the 1953 film How to Marry a Millionaire and premiered on Fox on December 20, 2000.
Premise
Three friends, disillusioned with their romantic lives, plot to marry millionaires before Christmas day. In the course, however, they find love each one in their own way.
Cast
John Stamos as Tom Nathan
Joshua Malina as Mark Sickler
Shemar Moore as Jason Hunt
Gabrielle Anwar as Jenny Seeger
Dorie Barton as Tiffany Kennedy
Carole Raphaelle Davis as Catherine
Rhea Perlman as Jacqueline Kennedy
Dabney Coleman as John F. Kennedy
Reception
Steven Oxman from Variety magazine wrote: "Despite attractive trappings and some distinctly delightful cameos, Fox's How to Marry a Billionaire ultimately comes off as a wooden effort Fox's take on the original 1953 pic replaces the three women out to marry into money with three men out to accomplish the same—and adds extra zeroes to the titular target. But while the argument presented in the pic—what's good for the goose should be good for the gander (if women can marry for money, why not men?)—makes perfect sense, this story remains an idea that never quite works, resulting in a joyless, if intermittently amusing, made-for."
References
External links
2000 television films
2000 films
2000 romantic comedy films
2000s Christmas comedy films
American Christmas comedy films
Remakes of American films
American romantic comedy films
Christmas television films
Comedy film remakes
American comedy television films
Films directed by Rod Daniel
Films scored by Teddy Castellucci
Films shot in California
Fox network original films
Romance film remakes
Romance television films
Television remakes of films
2000s American films
1,2-Bis(dichlorophosphino)benzene is an organophosphorus compound with the formula C6H4(PCl2)2. A viscous colorless liquid, it is a precursor to chelating diphosphines of the type C6H4(PR2)2.
It is prepared from 1,2-dibromobenzene by sequential lithiation followed by treatment with (Et2N)2PCl (Et = ethyl), which affords C6H4[P(NEt2)2]2. This species is finally cleaved with hydrogen chloride:
C6H4[P(NEt2)2]2 + 8 HCl → C6H4(PCl2)2 + 4 Et2NH2Cl
Related compounds
1,2-Bis(dichlorophosphino)ethane
References
Phosphines
The 2007 UCI Indoor Cycling World Championships took place in Winterthur in switzerland from 9 to 11 November and crowned world champions in the cycling disciplines of cycle ball and artistic cycling. Germany managed to get all seven gold medals at this championship and won 11 medals in total - including all three in men's single artistic cycling.
The whole event was located in the stadium Eulachhalle, originally the home stadium of the handball club Pfadi Winterthur. It was actually the second indoor cycling world championship held in Winterthur after the one in 1997.
In total 144 athletes out of 21 nations took part in the competition. The participating nations were all from Europe and Asia, except for a Tchad starting Czech team.
Organisation
The idea to give Winterthur another world championship indoor cycling after the one in 1997 came from Marianne Kern, member of the RMV Pfungen and member of the management board of Swiss Cycling for indoor cycling. After the candidature of Winterthur was made public the other candidates revoke their candidatures so that Winterthur could perform the World Championship. The whole event had a budget of 750'000 swiss francs - after the end of the WC they made a profit of 29'600 SFr.
The organising committee
Daniel Frei, president
Max Wullschleger, finances
Marianne Kern, sport
Toni Hostettler, marketing
Daniel Spengler, infrastructure
The members of the OC are all out of the city and the region of Winterthur.
Venue
The whole event took place in the Eulachhalle in Winterthur. During the event one hall was used for the sporting events and the other was an event hall, where you could eat and also a cultural program was there. In the entrance area there were some exhibitors, a bar, a coat check and an information desk. The Eulachhalle was sold out during the whole event with 3,280 spectators, a hall record.
Medals table
Cycle ball
Es wurde ein 2er-Teamwettkampf bei den Herren durchgeführt.
Modus
The competitors started in three different groups, ordered after their strengthen. In group A the fight for the medals took place. In all groups they compete in the league mode against each other. For group B and C the table afterward is the final results.
In group A there was also an intermediate stage where the 2nd- against the 5th-placed and the 3rd against the 4th placed played. The winners came into a final round with the winner of the first round. The two first teams of the final round make out the world cup winner in a final game at the end.
Group A
In the group A Germany could win the final game against Austria with 6:4. Top goal scorer was the Austrian player Martin Lingg.
Relegation game group A/B
- 3:2
Group B
Relegation game group B/C
- 6:4
Group C
Artistic cycling
There were competitions in single, pair and four-man-team for women and in single and pair for men.
Modus
At first there was a qualification round with all athletes. The four best athletes could fight for the medals in the final.
Women
Single
In total 23 athletes out of 12 nations participated in that discipline.
final table
Pair
In total 14 teams out of 9 nations participated in that discipline. The German team Schulheis/Sprinkmeier made in qualification round with 316.39 points a new world record.
final table
Four-Man-Team
Beside the finalists Hungary and France had a team, but they had both no chances for the finals.
final table
Men
Single
In total 23 Athletes out of 13 nations participated in that discipline.
final table
Pair
In total 12 Doubles out of 7 nations participated in that discipline.
final table
References
Websites
Official website of the Indoor Cycling-WC 2007
UCI Indoor Cycling World Championships
International cycle races hosted by Switzerland
Uci Indoor Cycling World Championships, 2007
Winterthur
2007 in cycle racing
Duncan Weir Drummond (12 May 1923 – 17 May 1985) was a Scottish first-class cricketer.
Drummond was born at Greenock in May 1923 and was educated at Merchiston Castle School. A club cricketer for Greenock Cricket Club, they made their debut in first-class cricket for Scotland against Worcestershire at Dundee in 1951. Drummond was a regular feature in the Scotland team of the 1950s, making fifteen first-class appearances from 1951 to 1957. They later made two final first-class appearances in 1961, against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Greenock, and Ireland at Cork. Playing as an all-rounder, they scored 263 runs at an average of 12.52, with the highest score of 33. With their right-arm medium pace bowling, they took 20 wickets at a bowling average of 38.55. Their best figures of 4 for 73 came against Worcestershire in 1952. Outside of cricket, Drummound was a company director. They died at Greenock in May 1985.
References
External links
1923 births
1985 deaths
People from Greenock
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
Scottish cricketers
Scottish businesspeople
Pat Martin is an American photographer, based in Los Angeles. In 2019 they won the Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize for portraits of their mother.
Life and work
Martin grew up in Mar Vista near Venice Beach, West Los Angeles, California.
Their mother struggled with addiction throughout Martin's life. Knowing that they did not have long to live, from 2016 to 2018 they used portraiture to reconnect with them before their death. That series, titled Goldie (Mother), was described by Sean O'Hagan in The Observer as "searingly honest portraits that, even without the narrative behind them, have an emotional heft rare in contemporary photography." Since 2016 Martin's photography has also been of other family members.
Awards
2019: First prize (£15,000), Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize, National Portrait Gallery, London for 2 photographs from Goldie (Mother)
Group exhibitions
Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize, National Portrait Gallery, London, 2019
References
External links
Photographers from California
21st-century American photographers
People from Los Angeles
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
2-Hydroxybenzylamine (2-HOBA, marketed as Hobamine) is a natural product found in Himalayan tartary buckwheat (Fagopyrum tataricum). It acts as an antioxidant and scavanger of free radicals and isolevuglandins and is sold as a dietary supplement.
References
Phenols
Shaheed K. Woods (born Shaheed Kamal Jihad Woods) is an American actor, comedian born and raised in Jersey City, New Jersey.  They are best known for A Gentleman, Midnight Delight, Life! Camera Action... earning them accolades.
Early life
Woods grew up in Jersey City and attended Fred W. Martin Elementary school.
Acting career
Woods first came to prominence with their lead role in Life! Camera Action... playing as Mike for which they won their first international award for the 'Best Supporting Lead Actor'. They first took to acting in theater, having done several local plays including 'Underneath It All' at Newark Symphony Hall. Having performed at several venues, members of the Newark art scene have dubbed them "The Beacon of Light". One performance was a fundraiser benefit for the documentary "Face of Darkness" hosted by Kenneth Todd Nelson and Squeaky Moore.
After performing in several short films, they met filmmaker Rohit Gupta on the set of a short directed by a fellow alum of the New York Film Academy. It was then that they formed their friendship, and began discussing a short film project which ended up as the critically acclaimed film Life! Camera Action... marking Woods debut as lead in a feature.
Woods took to directing with the short play "Off the Bridge" written by Akua Doku. They then are selected to direct a reading with an all female ensemble cast titled "Rebirth of the Black Woman" in New York. They have also worked with Playwright Carol White several short plays. Any Minute Now, written by White, won first place in the Short Play Lab at Roy Arias studios in Manhattan. They have worked in the background on Pariah with Dee Rees and played the role of Meat in the pilot of an upcoming series titled "Boys and Girls".
Woods went to gain further acclaim with their lead role in the cult-comedy Midnight Delight winning acclaim and awards. They feature in three vignettes in the film including "Epiphanation", "Free Will" and the voice of mouse as the main character in the "Animation" vignette of the film. Woods got noticed in Life! Camera Action... & Midnight Delight and was offered a prominent role by Fox Star Studios to feature in a Bollywood film A Gentleman which released worldwide on 25 August 2017.
Filmography
{| class="wikitable"
! style="width:40px;"| Year
! style="width:250px;"| Film
! style="width:150px;"| Role
! style="width:300px;"| Notes
|-
|2020
|! scope="row" style="background:#FFFFCC;"|Washington Irving: An American Original
|Narrator (Self)
|(documentary feature - pre-production)
|-
|2018
|! scope="row" style="background:#FFFFCC;"|George Washington: The Farewell Address
|Narrator (Self)
|(documentary feature - filming)
|-
|rowspan="3|2017
|A Gentleman
| as Koko
| (bollywood feature - Fox studio presentation - released worldwide Aug 25, 2017)
|-
|The Killer Contract
|
|(feature)
|-
|The Black Eagle of Harlem
|as self
|(documentary feature)
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2016
|Midnight Delight
|Lead
|(feature - won several awards)
|-
|WTF
|
|(feature - unreleased)
|-
|2014
|Bongo Killer Crown
|Dr. Louis
|(feature)
|-
|rowspan="3"|2013
|Cherry Pop
|Terry
|(short)
|-
|One City NIght
|Elevator Man
|(short)
|-
|Full Circle
|Goon 4
|(feature)
|-
|2012
|Life! Camera Action...|Mike
|(feature - won best supporting actor award)
|-
|rowspan="3"|2011
|Psycho-Path: Mania
|Dr. Ofori
|(feature)
|-
|He Said, They Said (a romantic comedy)|Uomo
|(feature)
|-
|Pariah
|
|(feature)
|-
|2010
|Non Compos Mentis|Big Sha
|(feature)
|-
|}
Television
Accolades
Won, Best Supporting Actor - Life! Camera Action... @ 28th Goldie Film Awards, USA.
Nominated, Best Supporting Actor - Life! Camera Action...@ Golden Door Film Festival, USA.
References
External links''
21st-century American male actors
African-American male actors
African-American male comedians
American male comedians
African-American stand-up comedians
American stand-up comedians
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Living people
Male actors from Jersey City, New Jersey
21st-century American comedians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American men
Anderson Park is an urban recreation park located in the Sydney suburb of , New South Wales, Australia. The park is located on the shore of the bay in Sydney Harbour from which the suburb is named.
Anderson Park is built on land reclaimed from the bay in the 1890s, and was dedicated on 8 October 1899. It was originally called Warringa Park, but was renamed in 1926 in honor of William Anderson who was the Mayor of the local municipality of North Sydney from 1914 to 1918.
A floodlit sports field is available for cricket; various codes of football; volleyball; and other activities. There are pathways, sandstone flagging, a depression-era concrete wall and a small beach. The main path through the park is lined with Hill's weeping figs.
Significant events
On 17 July 1934, thousands gathered in Anderson Park to watch as Charles Kingsford Smith and Captain Patrick Gordon Taylor took off from there in their single-engined Lockheed Altair for a promotional flight over Sydney. Originally, they had planned to take off from the middle of Macquarie Street in Sydney, but when the local council denied permission, they transported their aeroplane by barge to Neutral Bay. The Altair had recently been shipped from America on the deck games court of the SS Monterey, and had the word "ANZAC" painted on the side, though this had to be covered with brown paper due to Australian law prohibiting the use of this word for commercial purposes. The aeroplane was hastily renamed the Lady Southern Cross.
See also
List of parks in Sydney
References
Parks in Sydney
The Trash Mermaids is an electropop and pop rock music group fronted by French vocalist Scarlett Blu.
Career
The Trash Mermaids is an electropop and pop rock musical group led by Scarlett Blu, who is the creative director, songwriter, and lead singer for the group. In 2017 the group released the album Evil Twin. The first single from the album was “Cryptic Love”, which Blu wrote while scuba diving in Tonga. The track ranked on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, reaching number fourteen. The second song released from the album is “Xperiel”, which also charted on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart from April to June 2018, reaching number twenty.
References
French electronic music groups
French dance music groups
Sahan Palihakkara (born 14 October 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who plays for Saracens Sports Club. They were born in Kandy.
Palihakkara made their cricketing debut for the Under-23s team during the 2009 season, and made their List A debut during the 2009-10 season, against Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club.  They are yet to score a run in List A cricket, but took figures of 3-37 on their debut with the ball.
References
External links
Sahan Palihakkara at Cricket Archive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Saracen Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Kandy
Guardavalle (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
References
External links
Official website
Cities and towns in Calabria
Košarkaški klub Železničar Čačak (), commonly referred to as KK Železničar Čačak, is a men's professional basketball club based in Čačak, Serbia. The club currently participates in the Second League of Serbia.
Former Železničar player Aleksandar Nikolić, later a professional coach and a "father" of Serbian basketball, was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame and Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Also many famous players and coaches started their basketball careers in Želeničar, such as Dragan Kićanović, Željko Obradović, Radisav Ćurčić.
Players
Coaches
Željko Bugarčić (2016–2019)
Branko Jorović (2019–2020)
Aleksandar Bjelić (2020–present)
See also
KK Borac Čačak
KK Čačak 94
KK Mladost Čačak
References
External links
Team profile on Eurobasket
Team profile on Srbijasport
Team website on kkzeleznicarcacak.rs
Železničar
Železničar
Sport in Čačak
Star
Star
George Monroe "Sugar" Costner (July 22, 1923 – October 29, 2002) was an American professional boxer. Costner was a major welterweight contender from 1944 to 1950.
Early life
Costner was born at Mount Auburn, Cincinnati, Ohio. They wanted to be a baseball player, until realizing they couldn't play in the major leagues as a black man. Whilst working as driver of a city sanitation truck in the morning, they trained in boxing each afternoon at a gym on Pleasant Street. They became a professional boxer aged 15, winning their first fight two years later with a second-round K.O.
Boxing career
In 1950, Costner fought Sugar Ray Robinson for the second time, having been knocked out by Robinson at 2:55 of the first round on February 14, 1945. Costner, by the time of their second bout had taken to calling themselves "Sugar" and stated in the weeks leading up to the fight that they were the rightful deserver of the name. However, Robinson, who is widely considered one of the greatest fighters in history disagreed. "We better touch gloves, because this is the only round", Robinson said as the fighters were introduced at the center of the ring. "Your name ain't Sugar, mine is". Robinson then knocked Costner out in 2 minutes and 49 seconds. Afterward, Robinson reportedly told Costner, "[n]ow go out and earn yourself the name." In their next fight, Costner fought Kid Gavilán, a future International Boxing Hall of Famer, and won in a controversial 10-round decision. After two more fights, including a 10-round, unanimous decision over future Hall of Famer Ike Williams, Costner retired in 1950 with a 73–11–4 record.
Later life
After retiring due to vision problems- suffering from a detached retina in their right eye, and eventually losing vision in both eyes- Costner underwent six unsuccessful operations between 1951 and 1958. They were unable to find work, and became homeless, but in 1951 became a shipping clerk. Over the decade from 1958 to 1968, Costner "didn't do much but take low-wage jobs and leave them", and "subsisted on a military pension, social security, and the notion that nobody has much use for a blind man." At the encouragement of friends, they studied for a GED, then, with a 3.7 grade-point average, took an AA degree from Cuyahoga State College, in Cleveland, Ohio. In their fifties, they enrolled at Cleveland State University, where they "taped all their lectures" and "got all their books on tape from the Sight Center in Cleveland"; they graduated with a BA in Business Administration in 1979. As they told the Ring magazine in 1983, "I was fifty and I was never a loser by nature, so I simply made up my mind that George Costner could still be somebody." They went on to work for the Ohio Civil Rights Commission as an intake specialist, retiring in 1985 to their apartment "off Gilbert Avenue, listening to scratchy jazz on the radio". They died October 26, 2002 at the Harmony Court Nursing Home in Roselawn, Cincinnati, survived by two sons, a daughter, and several grandchildren.
References
1923 births
2002 deaths
American male boxers
Welterweight boxers
Break Up is a collaborative album by Pete Yorn and Scarlett Johansson. Its first single, "Relator" was released as a digital download on May 25, 2009. The full album was released by Atco and Rhino on September 15, 2009. It was certified gold in France.
Production
The album was recorded in 2006, thus preceding several albums that Yorn and Johansson have released as solo artists. Johansson completed their vocals for the project in two afternoon sessions.
Yorn said that the concept for the album was realized in a dream they had. The project was inspired by Serge Gainsbourg's 1967 and 1968 albums with Brigitte Bardot.
Johansson spoke about the project at the time of the "Relator" single release; "The idea of two people vocalizing their relationship through duets...I always thought of it as just a small project between friends. It perfectly captured where I was in my life at the time".
Promotion
During 2009, Yorn stated that they would like to do some live shows with Johansson to promote the album. By September 10 that year, Johansson and Yorn performed "Relator" on the French television show Le Grand Journal. It was Johansson's first live performance on television.
The duo were then interviewed by KCRW on October 7; they talked about past, present and future projects, and performed the single "Relator" along with "Blackie's Dead", "Search Your Heart", "Shampoo" and a cover of the Kinks' "Stop Your Sobbing". They also stated that they would like to tour, but because the short time the songs give them to perform (around 29 minutes), they would like to turn the concert into a dinner if there's the demand for them to tour.
Reception
The album was rated a 52/100 among professional music critics on Metacritic, indicating mixed or average reviews.
Track listing
Standard edition
French special edition
CD 2 includes live versions recorded at The Village Recorder in Los Angeles on October 7, 2009. Originally broadcast on KCRW's Morning Becomes Eclectic with Jason Bentley. This CD was launched like the "Live At KCRW.Com EP" on Amazon.com, and after included in "Break Up (Deluxe Edition)".
This enhanced CD also includes Relator video.
Personnel
Robert Francis – banjo, bass guitar, electric guitar, pedal steel guitar, slide guitar
Max Goldblatt – banjo, synthesizer bass, background vocals
Scarlett Johansson – lead vocals, background vocals
Sunny D. Levine – programming, synthesizer bass
Giuseppe Patanè – bass guitar
Amir Yaghmai – synthesizer strings, synthesizer
Pete Yorn – banjo, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, piano, tambourine, lead vocals, background vocals
Chart positions
Album
Singles
Certifications
References
External links
Official website
Official MySpace
2009 albums
Atco Records albums
Pete Yorn albums
Rhino Records albums
Scarlett Johansson albums
Vocal duet albums
October is a 2018 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age drama film directed by Shoojit Sircar, and produced by Ronnie Lahiri and Sheel Kumar under their Rising Sun Films banner. The film stars Banita Sandhu, Gitanjali Rao, and Varun Dhawan. Both Sandhu and Rao debuted as actors with this film. Written by Juhi Chaturvedi and shot by Avik Mukhopadhyay, the film follows the life of a hotel-management intern who takes care of their comatose fellow intern in an unconditional and unconventional manner.
Initially scheduled to release on 1 June 2018, the film was released on 13 April 2018, grossing over 584.1 million worldwide. Upon its release, the filmmakers were accused of plagiarising Aarti – The Unknown Love Story, a Marathi film directed by Sarika Mene. Screenwriters Association reviewed the case and found some similarities between the two films. However, it cleared October of plagiarism charges as the real-life events that likely inspired both the films were not protected by copyright laws.
October received positive reviews, with particular praise for Dhawan, whose performance was called 'a massive surprise' by critics in light of the criticism they faced for Judwaa 2. Rao and Sandhu also received praise for their performances. Despite such acclaim, it was only a modest commercial success. It received seven nominations at the 64th Filmfare Awards including Best Actor (Critics) for Dhawan, Best Supporting Actress for Rao and Best Female Debut for Sandhu.
Plot
Shiuli Iyer and Danish "Dan" Walia work as interns at the same hotel. Shiuli, being very disciplined and responsible towards their job, is the polar opposite of Dan who is careless and irresponsible towards their job. At the beginning of the story, Dan struggles with their job serving various departments of the hotel. They don't seem to have a very good relationship with their fellow staff members except for two of their friends who work at the same hotel as interns.
On New Year's Eve, Shiuli and their friends party on the 3rd floor of the hotel, when Dan is nowhere to be found. Shiuli accidentally slips off and is hospitalized. While other members of the hotel staff visit them at the hospital, Dan gets seriously affected when their friends tell them that Shiuli's last words just before their fall were "Where is Dan?". Dan starts visiting the hospital every day, despite that negatively affecting both their job and their relationship with their friends who cover their shifts and help them financially. After a scuffle at the hotel, Dan is terminated. They find comfort being with Shiuli who slowly starts to improve and Dan's mere presence calms Shiuli. They devote their entire time to taking care of them
Seeing Dan's career and personal life drowning due to their devotion towards Shiuli, their mother Vidya decides to make them go and take care of himself. Dan joins another hotel in Kullu as manager but is unable to take their mind off Shiuli. Soon they learn of Shiuli's failing health and visits the hospital. They apologise for leaving them abruptly and promises to stay with them Seeing Dan, Shiuli calms and begins to improve again.  They are soon discharged from the hospital and is brought home where Dan continues taking care of them They take them to a park and asks them why they remembered them before their fall. Shiuli responds by trying to say their name aloud. The following night Shiuli suffers a seizure and dies as their lungs collapsed. Emotionally broken, Dan visits Shiuli's home and comforts their despaired family. Afterwards, they are seen collecting their death certificate tearfully.
In a later scene, Vidya tells Dan that they were named Shiuli because of their fondness for the shiuli flower, which they loved collecting as a child with their grandfather. They further remark how shiuli flowers are short-lived, as they live all night and die by dawn; to which Dan sorrowfully points out, their daughter too, was short-lived like their namesake flowers.
Several months later, Dan is rehired by the hotel where they complete their diploma and works as a sous chef. One day, they notice several missed calls and visits Vidya. They sit in the backyard discussing Shiuli. Pointing at the shiuli plant in the backyard, Vidya tells Dan about their family shifting to their hometown Trichy. They don't wish to leave Shiuli's plant, but Dan assures them that they would take care of it.
As the story ends, Shiuli's family has moved and Dan carries the shiuli plant with him, as a symbol of the unconditional and unconventional love which had blossomed in their heart for Shiuli.
Cast
Banita Sandhu – Shiuli Iyer, Dan's subordinate trainee, named after the flower Shiuli, because of their fondness for it, by their mother.
Gitanjali Rao – Vidya Iyer, Shiuli's mother, a professor of IIT Delhi
Varun Dhawan – Danish "Dan" Walia, a hotel management trainee and career-oriented guy
Sahil Vedoliyaa – Manjeet, Dan's roommate
Ashish Ghosh – Ghosh
Isha Chaturvedi – Ishani, a fellow intern of Dan and Shiuli
Prateek Kapoor – Asthana, supervisor of the interns at the hotel where they are understudies
Shekhar Murugan – Jairam Iyer, Shiuli's paternal Uncle
Karamveer Kanwar – Kunal Iyer, Shiuli's younger brother
Production
Conception
The idea behind the film was conceived and inspired by newspaper articles and reports about whether comatose people and those with brain injuries hear when we talk to them and the spiritual exercise which brings them back.
Filming
Principal photography began in September 2017, and concluded in November 2017. The film was entirely shot in Delhi at Dwarka with a few portions shot in Connaught Place, New Delhi and Defence Colony, South Delhi. In Delhi, it was also shot in a 5-star hotel for 30 days where Varun Dhawan practiced as a hotel management student, performing their daily chores and the idea behind which was for Varun to grasp body-language and behaviour to bring more authenticity to their character in the film.
Marketing & Release
Varun Dhawan and Rising Sun Films first teased October in a 10-second clip released on 23 January 2018 to their official Twitter and YouTube handles, respectively. On 14 February 2018, the first-look teaser trailer of the film was released. It was followed by the release of first-look (also theatrical release) poster and official trailer on 9 March 2018 and 12 March 2018. In an interview, Shoojit Sircar said that writers do not get much credit like they do in the West. They said, "It is important to acknowledge all the technicians in the film, especially the one who conceives it, the writers". They feel that a writer's contribution is as important as any actor's or director's. This was the reason which made them "deliberately" give Juhi Chaturvedi's credit in the trailer and "made sure the industry notices". They further added that the Hindi film industry doesn't think writing to be important. For them, it's more "the actor, then the director, how you shoot the film and how expensive".
Initially, the film was scheduled to release on 1 June 2018. But in October 2017, Dhawan, in one of their tweets, revealed that the release date has been advanced. The film was released on 13 April 2018 across 2308 screens worldwide.
Music
The soundtrack is composed by Shantanu Moitra, Abhishek Arora and Anupam Roy, and features playback singers such as Armaan Malik, Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, Sunidhi Chauhan and Monali Thakur. Background score of the film is composed by Shantanu Moitra who also provided music for 3 tracks on the film's soundtrack album. It was released on 28 March 2018 by Zee Music Company and generally received positive reviews from the critics. The album consists of five tracks whose lyrics are penned by Abhiruchi Chand, Tanveer Ghazi and Swanand Kirkire.
Track listing
Lyrics for "Theher Ja" were written by Abhiruchi Chand, "Tab Bhi Tu" and "Manwaa" by Tanveer Ghazi and "Chal" by Swanand Kirkire.
"Theher Ja" – Armaan Malik
"October" (Theme Music) – Shantanu Moitra
"Tab Bhi Tu" – Rahat Fateh Ali Khan
"Manwaa" – Sunidhi Chauhan
"Chal" – Monali Thakur
Reception
Box-office
As of 10 May 2018, October has grossed over in India, and as of 6 May 2018, in North America (USA and Canada), in the United Kingdom, in Australia and in New Zealand making a worldwide total of , which is more than twice the production budget of the film. It had a domestic opening of , which grew to and on the second and third days. The collection decreased to by the eighth day with spikes of and on the ninth and tenth days. By the fifteenth day, the collection was , The film grossed and on the sixteenth and seventeenth days, then dropped to by the forty-second day of its domestic run.
Critical response
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of , based on reviews, with an average rating of .
Raja Sen of NDTV gave the movie 5 out of 5 stars calling it a wonder. Rajeev Masand of News18 said that, "October is a thoughtful, meditative film about love, grief, mortality, and the making of a man". They praised the performances of the lead actors and gave the film a rating of 3.5 out of 5. Rohit Vats of Hindustan Times gave the film a rating of 4.5 out of 5 and appreciated the performances of the cast, with particular praise directed towards Dhawan's performance about whom they said that, "It's a terrific performance, their best for sure". The critic said that "October, a month in autumn, is more than just a symbol in Shoojit Sircar's new film. It covers a lifetime. It brings haunting images, evokes tears, makes you anxious and then leaves you blank. You're numb while waiting to return to reality." Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express gave the film a rating of 2.5 out of 5 and said that, "I liked much of October, but didn't fall in love with it." but they did praise the performances of the cast and the writer of the movie, Juhi Chaturvedi. Madhureeta Mukherjee of The Times of India gave the film a rating of 4.5 out of 5 and said that, "It's not a story crafted with heavy doses of dialogues, romantic ballads or bombastic tropes common to the genre. The beauty lies in the simplicity of it all.".
Awards and nominations
Plagiarism Accusations
Sarika Mene, a Marathi filmmaker, had claimed that October plagiarised plot and characters from their 2017 film Aarti: The Unknown Love Story. They had filed a non-cognisable criminal complaint against makers of October at Vile Parle Police Station, Mumbai. Hemal Trivedi, also a Marathi filmmaker, who was working with Mene on the Bollywood-remake of Aarti, supported their claim via their facebook post. However, the team of Rising Sun Films had denied the allegations saying " … We have not heard of the film 'Aarti' nor do we have full details of the matter as yet. ... We will look into this and deal with it appropriately".
In an interview that occurred before the plagiarism accusation, Shoojit Sircar said that all the films that they had directed had been very personal to them and October explores experiences of the hospital life they had lived when their mother was comatose for three months. Moreover, the film's writer Juhi Chaturvedi also took care of their mother in the hospital for years before they were finally put on ventilator and couldn't be revived. Though Aarti is an amateur project but thematic similarities between both the films can't be ignored.
Despite Sircar's given statements in news interviews on the inspiration behind October, Mene said they won't give up easily and hired a new lawyer for the case because they had requested the makers of October to watch Aarti, to which they didn't respond but to no effect because ScreenWriters Association (SWA) cleared October of all the charges in a letter, dated 20 May 2018, written to Rising Sun Films and Juhi Chaturvedi from Dispute Settlement Committee set up by SWA on 5 May 2018 on the basis of facts that though "... both the films may overlap, the treatment ... is very different ... " and " ... most of the details already existed ... in public domain through news articles and reports about Sunny and Aarti's story".
Even after being cleared from all the accusations, on 9 June 2018, Juhi received another legal notice from Mene claiming again that the story of October was plagiarised from Aarti. The notice demands Sunny Pawar to be credited and monetary compensation for them not being able to make a Hindi adaptation of Aarti, whose rights they had sold to Hemal Trivedi to work on it.
References
External links
2018 films
Films set in Delhi
Films scored by Anupam Roy
Films set in hotels
Films shot in Delhi
Slice of life films
Films set in hospitals
Films scored by Shantanu Moitra
Films involved in plagiarism controversies
Indian romantic drama films
2018 romantic drama films
Khalil Maatouk is a Syrian lawyer and human rights defender. Arrested at a roadblock in October 2012, they have been missing since then.
Biography
Khalil Maatouk, a Syrian lawyer of Christian faith has defended many Syrian political prisoners, including human rights defender Mazen Darwish. The communist activist Mazen Adi and the president of the Syrian League for Human Rights Abdel Karim Rihaoui. In 2004, Khalil Maatouk worked as an observer for Amnesty International in Iran.
Khalil Maatouk is also the president of the Syrian Center for the Defense of Prisoners of conscience.
Their position as director of the "Syrian Center for Legal Studies and Research" earned them a travel ban from 2005 to 2011.
Their daughter, a student, was also arrested and held for 2 months in 2014, by military security.
Forced Disappearance
On October 2, 2012, Khalil Maatouk was arrested with their friend and assistant, Mohammed Zaza (also spelled Mohammed Thatha), when they were on their way to work in Damascus. They were stopped and arrested at a government check point. For their severe lung disease Khalil Maatouk could not move around alone, their colleague was driving him. For a long time after their arrest no one was able to find anything about them.
Imprisonment
Syrian authorities have always denied the detention of Khalil Maatouk. However, former detainees have testified that they have seen them in different prisons. Unofficial sources report that Maatouk was notably imprisoned within Branch 285 of state security near Damascus, then in the Aviation Safety Branch in Damascus, while their health conditions were in a worrying state.
They were last seen in September 2013, in Military Security Branch 235, Damascus, known as the Palestine Branch.
During their detention, several NGOs and diplomats called for their release, reminding Bashar al-Assad of their fears for their health.
References
Human rights
Activists
Crimes against humanity
Political prisoners by country
Chitipa United Football Club are a Malawian football (soccer) club based in Chitipa, Northern Region and currently playing in the Northern Region Football League, the second tier of the Malawian football.
History
In 2016, Chitipa United promoted, as Northern Region Football League champions, to the top flight for the first time in their history.
In their first season in the Super League of Malawi, "The Lions of Fort Hill", finished in 16th position and return to Second Division.
In 2018, Chitipa United, won again the Northern Region Football League returned to the TNM Super League.
Despite to earn promotion, head coach Robert Mzinza was replaced before the start of the 2019 season with Alex Ngwira, who led Chitipa to avoid relegation finishing thirteen in the league table.
After the poor start of the 2020–21 season, with just four points from nine matches, Ngwira quits and was replaced with Christopher Nyambose, but they were unable to prevent relegation to Second Division.
Honours
Northern Region Football League
Winners (2): 2016, 2018
References
External links
Tag archives - Nyasatimes.com
Football clubs in Malawi
Swimming at the 1993 European Youth Summer Olympic Days was held in Valkenswaard, Netherlands.
Medal summary
Events
Boys' events
Girls' events
References
1993 European Youth Summer Olympic Days
1993 in swimming
1993
Panicheri Gap (, ‘Panicherska Sedlovina' \pa-ni-'cher-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the flat, ice-covered saddle of elevation 2109 m in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, linking Bangey Heights to the north to Maglenik Heights to the south. It is part of the glacial divide between Kopsis Glacier to the east and Ellen Glacier to the west.
The gap is named after the settlement of Panicheri in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Panicheri Gap is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.a: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Notes
References
Panicheri Gap. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Panicheri Gap. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
New mysterianism—or commonly just mysterianism—is a philosophical position proposing that the hard problem of consciousness cannot be resolved by humans. The unresolvable problem is how to explain the existence of qualia (individual instances of subjective, conscious experience). In terms of the various schools of philosophy of mind, mysterianism is a form of nonreductive physicalism. Some "mysterians" state their case uncompromisingly (Colin McGinn has said that consciousness is "a mystery that human intelligence will never unravel"); others believe merely that consciousness is not within the grasp of present human understanding, but may be comprehensible to future advances of science and technology.
Name
Owen Flanagan noted in their 1991 book Science of the Mind that some modern thinkers have suggested that consciousness may never be completely explained. Flanagan called them "the new mysterians" after the rock group Question Mark and the Mysterians.
"But the new mysterianism is a postmodern position designed to drive a railroad spike through the heart of scientism". The term "new mysterianism" has been extended by some writers to encompass the wider philosophical position that humans do not have the intellectual ability to solve (or comprehend the answers to) many hard problems, not just the problem of consciousness, at a scientific level. This position is also known as anti-constructive naturalism.
According to Flanagan, "The 'old mysterians' were dualists who thought that consciousness cannot be understood scientifically because it operates according to nonnatural principles and possesses nonnatural properties." Apparently, some apply the terms to thinkers throughout history who suggested some aspect of consciousness may not be knowable or discoverable, including Gottfried Leibniz, Samuel Johnson, and Thomas Huxley. Thomas Huxley wrote, "[H]ow it is that anything so remarkable as a state of consciousness comes about as a result of irritating nervous tissue, is just as unaccountable as the appearance of the Djinn, when Aladdin rubbed their lamp."
Philosophy
In the view of the new mysterians, their contention that the hard problem of consciousness is unsolvable is not a presupposition, but rather a philosophical conclusion reached by thinking carefully about the issue. The standard argument is as follows:
Subjective experiences by their very nature cannot be shared or compared side-by-side. Therefore, it is impossible to know what subjective experiences another person is having.
Noam Chomsky distinguishes between problems, which seem solvable, at least in principle, through scientific methods, and mysteries, which do not seem solvable, even in principle. They note that the cognitive capabilities of all organisms are limited by biology, e.g. a mouse will never be able to navigate a prime number maze. In the same way, certain problems may be beyond our understanding.
Adherents
Historical
William James, American philosopher, in their essay "Is Life Worth Living?" (1896). James makes the point that much human mental activity (e.g. reading) is forever closed to the mind of a dog, even though we may share the same household and have a deep friendship with each other. So, by analogy, the human mind may be forever closed to certain aspects of the larger universe. This was a concept which James found liberating, and which gave an implicit significance to certain distressing aspects of the human condition. James makes an analogy with the suffering of a dog during a vivisection: the meaning of the vivisection is inaccessible to the dog. But that does not mean that the vivisection is meaningless. So it may be with our suffering in this world.
Carl Jung, Swiss psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, who, in the first chapter of their last work, "Man and Their Symbols" (1964), wrote: "...even when our senses react to real phenomena, sights and sounds, they are somehow translated from the realm of reality into that of the mind. Within the mind they become psychic events whose ultimate nature is unknowable (for the psyche cannot know its own psychical substance)."
Contemporary
Colin McGinn is the leading proponent of the new mysterian position among major philosophers.
Thomas Nagel, American philosopher.
Jerry Fodor, American philosopher and cognitive scientist.
Noam Chomsky, American linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, logician, and political commentator/activist.
Martin Gardner, American mathematics and science writer, considered themselves to be a mysterian.
John Horgan, American science journalist.
Steven Pinker, American psychologist; favoured mysterianism in How the Mind Works, and later wrote: "The brain is a product of evolution, and just as animal brains have their limitations, we have ours. Our brains can't hold a hundred numbers in memory, can't visualize seven-dimensional space and perhaps can't intuitively grasp why neural information processing observed from the outside should give rise to subjective experience on the inside. This is where I place my bet, though I admit that the theory could be demolished when an unborn genius—a Darwin or Einstein of consciousness—comes up with a flabbergasting new idea that suddenly makes it all clear to us."
Roger Penrose, English physicist, mathematician and philosopher of science.
Edward Witten, American string theorist.
Sam Harris, American neuroscientist, has endorsed mysterianism by stating that "This situation has been characterized as an "explanatory gap" and the "hard problem of consciousness," and it is surely both. I am sympathetic with those who, like... McGinn and... Pinker, have judged the impasse to be total: Perhaps the emergence of consciousness is simply incomprehensible in human terms."
Opponents
Daniel Dennett, American philosopher, who has explicitly attacked McGinn's notion of mysterianism.
References
Citations
Sources
McGinn, Colin (1991), The Problem of Consciousness
Flanagan, Owen (1991), The Science of the Mind, 2ed MIT Press, Cambridge
McGinn, Colin (1993), Problems in Philosophy: The Limits of Inquiry, Blackwell,
Horgan, John (1996), The End of Science: Facing the Limits of Knowledge in the Twilight of the Scientific Age, Addison-Wesley; has a discussion of mysterianism (pp 177–180).
Blackburn, Simon (1999), Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy, chapter two
Horgan, John (1999), The Undiscovered Mind, Phoenix,
McGinn, Colin (1999), The Mysterious Flame
Theory of mind
Consciousness studies
Thoreson Peak () is one of the highest peaks (1200 m) on the rock bluffs at the south side of New Harbour on Scott Coast, Victoria Land, Antarctica. The peak is 3.2 nautical miles (6 km) west-southwest of Stewart Peak. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (2000) after Ronald D. Thoreson, biology laboratory manager with the winter party at McMurdo Station, 1970.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Metastatic calcinosis cutis is a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus, and associated with an internal malignancy.
See also
Calcinosis cutis
Skin lesion
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Triune may refer to:
Trinity, the Godhead in Christianity
Any of the triple deities
Triune, Tennessee, an unincorporated town in the United States
Triune, West Virginia, an unincorporated town in the United States
Triune Peaks, three peaks in Graham Land, Antarctica
Triune Masonic Temple, St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, on the National Register of Historic Places
Bostick Female Academy, also known as Triune School, Triune, Tennessee, on the National Register of Historic Places
See also
Triune brain theory
Triune Kingdom, a historic term
Triune Continuum Paradigm
Triedinstvo (meaning "Triune"), a split CD by Kolovrat, Arya Varta and Kamaedzitca
Trichotomy (disambiguation)
The School of Media and Cultural Studies, (SMCS) is a part of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences in India, engaged in media teaching, film production, research and dissemination. The school was in the news recently because some of their students produced a documentary film Caste on the Menu Card which was not given permission to screen.
Awards
SMCS films have won several awards.
Digital archive
SMCS has a digital archive of films, video footage and photographs. It has a collection of over 2500 films.
The focus areas of the archive are:
Development, including issues of globalization, marginalized groups, environment, disasters, movements,
Ethnographic film from India and other countries
References
External links
Do Din Ka Mela- A new film on Murra Lala and Kanji Rana, set in Kutch
[http://ourfamily2007.wordpress.com/ Our Family
SheWrite
Naata
Saacha
Irani Restaurant Instructions
Kahankar:Ahankar
Cultural studies organizations
Tata institutions
The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Interbank Consortium (abbreviated as SCO IBC) is a platform for joint financing of development projects by members and other participants of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation.
History
The SCO Interbank Consortium was created in October 2005 during the 2005 SCO Summit. The consortium was among several economic integration projects announced during the summit. The first meeting of the SCO Interbank Association was held in Beijing on 21–22 February 2006.
Banks
Member banks
Development Bank of Kazakhstan
RSK Bank (Kyrgyzstan)
China Development Bank
VEB.RF (Russia)
Amonatbonk State Savings Bank (Tajikistan)
National Bank of the Republic of Uzbekistan for Foreign Economic Activity
Habib Bank Limited (Pakistan)
India Infrastructure Finance Company
Observers
Eurasian Development Bank
Belarusbank
Development Bank of Mongolia
Belt and Road Initiative
China has sought to use the platform to push for more cooperation under its Belt and Road Initiative. China Development Bank, one of the two main policy banks supporting the Belt and Road Initiative, had by the end of 2017 loaned $7.69 billion and 3.34 billion yuan to member banks of the SCO Interbank Consortium. The outstanding loans at the time stood at $2.05 billion dollars and 3.3 billion yuan. At the 2018 SCO summit in Qingdao, China's paramount leader Xi Jinping pledged to set up a 30 billion yuan ($4.69 billion) for a special lending facility within the framework of the SCO Interbank Consortium. The capital would be put to use for cross-border transportation projects and industrial parks.
SCO Development Bank
The SCO Development Bank is a proposed multilateral financial institution. Since 2010, China has sought to expand financial cooperation under the auspices of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation by setting up the bank. Russia however has shown skepticism to the bank and in general has prioritized security cooperation within the SCO rather than economic projects. Russia has alternatively suggested to China to buy a stake in the Russian led Eurasian Development Bank. The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank was established in 2015 and has substituted the proposed role of the SCO Development Bank to fund infrastructure projects in the region.
Despite the delays, there still remains support among member states for creating the bank. Pakistani Prime Minister Khan at the 2019 SCO Summit called for the bank and an SCO development fund to be expeditiously created.
References
International finance institutions
International banking institutions
The 1990 Greenwich Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
May 1990 events in the United Kingdom
My Field Trip to Planet 9 is the debut studio album by Justin Warfield. It was released on Qwest Records on July 13, 1993.
Critical reception
Jason Ankeny of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5, saying, "The hip-hop debut of Justin Warfield is built around old-school rhythms fleshed out with some intriguing samples, drawn largely from the canon of '60s psychedelic rock." Geoffrey Himes of The Washington Post said, "[Warfield's] raps, with their tired mix of criminal boasting, gratuitous weirdness and hip-hop cliches, leave almost no impression at all."
In 2015, Fact placed it at number 43 on the "50 Best Trip-Hop Albums of All Time" list.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Justin Warfield – vocals, production, mixing
QDIII – production, mixing
Prince Paul – production, mixing
Ellis Dee – vocals
Scott Harding – guitar, recording, mixing
Goffrey Moore – bass guitar
Michael Blake – saxophone
Steven Bernstein – trumpet
Bob Morse – recording, mixing
Jason Roberts – recording
Brian Gardner – mastering
Kevin Kosmann – art direction
Anne Elliott Cutting – photography
References
External links
1993 debut albums
Qwest Records albums
Albums produced by Prince Paul (producer)
Albums produced by Quincy Jones III
Justin Warfield albums
Codex Augiensis, designated by Fp or 010 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1029 (von Soden) is a 9th-century diglot uncial manuscript of the Pauline Epistles in double parallel columns of Greek and Latin on the same page.
Description
The codex contains 136 parchment leaves (), with some gaps in the Greek (Romans 1:1-3:19, 1 Corinthians 3:8-16, 6:7-14, Colossans 2:1-8, Philemon 21–25, Hebrews). Hebrews is given in Latin only. It is written in two columns per page, 28 lines per page.
Text
Textual character
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Western text-type. According to Kurt and Barbara Aland it agrees with the Byzantine standard text 43 times, and 11 times with the Byzantine when it has the same reading as the original text. It agrees 89 times with the original text against the Byzantine. It has 70 independent or distinctive readings. Alands placed it in Category II.
Textual features
In Romans 12:11 it reads καιρω for κυριω, the reading of the manuscript is supported by Codex Claromontanus*, Codex Boernerianus 5 it d,g, Origenlat.
In 1 Corinthians 2:4 the Latin text supports reading πειθοι σοφιας (plausible wisdom), as 35 and Codex Boernerianus (Latin text).
In 1 Corinthians 7:5 it reads τη προσευχη (prayer) along with 𝔓11, 𝔓46, א*, A, B, C, D, G, P, Ψ, 6, 33, 81, 104, 181, 629, 630, 1739, 1877, 1881, 1962, ititsg, cop, arm, eth. Other manuscripts read τη νηστεια και τη προσευχη (fasting and prayer) or τη προσευχη και νηστεια (prayer and fasting) – 330, 451, John of Damascus.
The section 1 Cor 14:34-35 is placed after 1 Cor 14:40, like other manuscripts of the Western text-type (Claromontanus, Boernerianus, 88, itd, g, and some manuscripts of Vulgate).
Relationship to Codex Boernerianus
The Greek text of both manuscripts is almost the same; the Latin text differs. Also lacunae omissions are paralleled to the sister manuscript Codex Boernerianus. According to Griesbach Augiensis was recopied from Boernerianus. According to Tischendorf two codices were recopied from the same manuscript. Scrivener enumerated 1982 differences between these two codices. Among textual scholars, there is a tendency to prefer Augiensis above Boernerianus. The codex is also similar to Codex Claromontanus, and again scholars favour the readings in Augiensis above those in Claromontanus.
History
Codex Augiensis is named after the monastery of Augia Dives in Lake Constance.
In 1718 Richard Bentley (1662–1742) was its owner. The Greek text of the codex was edited by Scrivener in 1859. It was examined, described and collated by Tischendorf. E. M. Thompson edited a facsimile.
The codex today is located in the library of Trinity College (Cat. number: B. XVII. 1) in Cambridge.
See also
List of New Testament uncials
List of New Testament Latin manuscripts
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
F. H. A. Scrivener, Contributions to the Criticism of the Greek New Testament bring the introduction to an edition of the Codex Augiensis and fifty other Manuscripts, Cambridge 1859.
K. Tischendorf, Anecdota sacra et profana ex oriente et occidente allata sive notitia, Lipsiae 1861, pp. 209–216.
W. H. P. Hatch, On the Relationship of Codex Augiensis and Codex Boernerianus of the Pauline Epistles, Harvard Studies in Classical Philology, Vol. 60, 1951, pp. 187–199.
External links
R. Waltz, Codex Augiensis F (010), Encyclopedia of Textual Criticism
Codex Augiensis at the Trinity College Library Cambridge
Cambridge Trinity B.17.1 at the Trinity College Library Cambridge
Greek New Testament uncials
Vetus Latina New Testament manuscripts
9th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts in Cambridge
Birchim is an unincorporated community in Galena Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
The community's name likely honors Abraham Birchem, a pioneer settler, although the spelling is different.
Geography
Birchim is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Sällskapet is a Swedish rock band formed by Pelle Ossler, Joakim Thåström and Niklas Hellberg.
History
Sällskapet is a Swedish electronic post-industrial rock band that appeared in 2007 and is headed by the rock legend Thåström. Other band members include Pelle Ossler and Niklas Hellberg. The band existed as a secret hobby band for three years before appearing publicly in 2007 with the release of their first, self-titled, album. The album contained ten songs and a bonus DVD with music videos for five songs and the bonus track "Nattportiern". Sällskapets music is described as industrial, dystopian and with Kraftwerk influences. Jan Gradvall of Dagens Industri described it as what blues would have sounded like if it would have its roots in Ruhr instead of Memphis. Half the songs are completely instrumental.
On 10 April 2013, the band released their new album Nowy Port.
Band members
Joakim Thåström – lead vocals, guitar
Niklas Hellberg – keyboards, synthesizers, programming, sound effects, loops, scrap
Pelle Ossler – electric guitar, acoustic guitar, piano
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
Susanna Bergström Sällskapet – Hellberg, Ossler, Thåström dagensarbete.se Retrieved: 2009-08-04
Fredrik Welander En livboj av cement, pt. III dagensskiva.com Retrieved: 2009-08-04
Göran Holmqvist Ossler och Thåström har ett sällskap ihop hd.se Retrieved: 2009-08-04
Maria K. Broman Thåströms nya band släpper cd expressen.se Retrieved: 2009-08-04
Lasse Frack Omslaget mest spännande i Sällskapet fria.nu Retrieved: 2009-08-04
David Borgerius Thåström släpper nytt - i gott sällskap tv4.se Retrieved: 2009-08-04
References
External links
Official Homepage
MySpace (not active)
Swedish musical groups
Rixdollar is the English term for silver coinage used throughout the European continent (, , , ).
The same term was also used of currency in Cape Colony and Ceylon. However, the Rixdollar only existed as a coin in Ceylon. Unissued remainder banknotes for the Cape of Good Hope denominated in Rixdollars exist, but these are very rare. Rixdollars were used throughout 17th century America in most Dutch colonies.
References
Coins
Feels like Home is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Cassandra Vasik. It was released by Epic Records in 1993. The album peaked at number 20 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
Track listing
"Sadly Mistaken"
"Fortune Smiled on Me" (with Russell deCarle)
"The Man I Never Knew"
"Stand Your Ground"
"Almost Like You Cared"
"Lavender Hill"
"Afraid to Drive"
"She Talks"
"Roll Like a Wheel"
"As Far as the Story Goes"
"Sometimes a Harbour"
"The Parade"
"I Can Forgive but I Can't Forget"
"Let Sleeping Dogs Lie"
Chart performance
References
External links
[ Feels Like Home] at Allmusic
1993 albums
Cassandra Vasik albums
Epic Records albums
Piastowski Square is a large and important square in downtown Bydgoszcz, bearing several buildings registered on the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship Heritage List.
Location
Piastowski Square is settled north of Dworcowa Street, west of Gdańska Street. It is delineated by Śniadecki, Chrobrego, Wileńska and Sowińskiego streets.
It has approximately the size of a 140m by 100m rectangle, with its longer axis oriented NW-SE.
History
This vast square dates back to the creation of Sniadecki Street, after the second half
of the 19th century. It has always kept its original functions, as a marketplace, hence its original name Elisabethmarkt, after Elisabeth Straße, original name of Sniadecki Street.
The area is roughly depicted on an 1857 map of Bromberg, but earliest documented reference appears in the 1870s, with a mention in the 1872 city address book.
Through history, the square bore the following names:
1870s-1920, Elisabeth Markt, in honor of Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria, wife of the reigning King of Prussia, Frederick William IV of Prussia;
1920–1940, Piastowski Square;
1940–1945, Dr. Goebbels Platz;
Since 1945, Piastowski Square ().
The current namesake comes from the Piast dynasty, first historical ruling dynasty of Poland, which started with Prince Miesko I in 960 and ended with Casimir III the Great in 1370.
Main places and buildings
Tenement at No.1, corner with Sowińskiego Street
1889
Eclecticism
The first owner of the building at 10 Elisabeth Markt was August Zuß.
Tenement at No.2
1872
Neoclassical architecture
The first landlord who lived at originally 11 Elisabeth Markt, in the 1890s, was Auguste Raabe, having business in shipping till the end of World War I.
The edifice, unfortunately, lost all its neo-classical features with time. A recent renovation occurred in the late 2010s.
Tenement at No.3
1878, rebuilt by Jan Kossowski (1939)
Eclecticism
Original address was 9 Elisabeth Markt, it has been ordered by Julius Gendal, who then moved to No.4.
Today the elevation displays a modern style, as a consequence of the rebuilding by Jan Kossowski, who also realized in Bydgoszcz, among others the Freedom Monument and houses at Ossoliński Alley No.5 and Plac Wolności 7.
Tenement at No.4
1895-1896
Eclecticism
Original address was 12 Elisabeth Markt: its first owner was a wood manufacturer, Julius Gendal.
The main elevation displays its original architectural details, in contrast with No.2. Facade shows symmetric features, left and right of the main gate, especially stacked balustrade areas, either balcony or loggias on both extremities.
Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, at No.5
Registered on Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship heritage list, No.601221, Reg.A/746, December 12, 1971
1913, by Oskar Hoßfeld
Neo-Baroque
The church has been consecrated by Wilhelm Kloske, Gniezno's suffragan bishop on June 19, 1913. Initially, it was reserved for the use of German Catholics, but was opened to both communities, German and Polish, on February 17, 1924.
Tenement at No.7
1875-1876
Eclecticism
First address was 7 Elisabeth Markt, first owner was Carl Teschner, merchant, then member of the city council, co-owner of a brick factory, "Carl Teschner und Wilehlm Vincent" on Allee straße (today Ulica Stroma).
Although deprived from some architectural details, one can still appreciate the symmetric facade centered on the two balconies, the first floor windows with pediments, cartouches, balustrade, and the top thin frieze with floral motifs.
Tenement at No.9
1884-1885
Eclecticism
First address was 6a Elisabeth Markt, first owner was August Kopplow, an administrative assistant.
The main elevation lost most of its architectural features, albeit it has been renovated in 2017.
Tenement at No.11, corner with Wileńska Street
1886-1887
Eclecticism
First address was 6 Elisabeth Markt, the first owner being a rentier, Fritz Dörnbrack, who lived at 11 Elisabeth Straße, now 37 Śniadecki Street .
The elevation, recently refurbished (2016), shows evident Neo-Classicist features. Symmetry of both facades, plain pedimented windows and carved cartouches with children figures. The main gate is flanked by two lean columns.
Tenement at No.11a, corner with 23 Chrobrego Street
1902-1903
Eclecticism
First address was 5 Elisabeth Markt, the first owner was a rentier, Arthur ßaulini, who resided at neighbouring No.4 (now No.13). In 1910, the edifice moved to the hands of Carl Rose, a famous architect in Bromberg living on 29 Danzigerstraße.
The renovated corner house displays several architectural details, characteristic of Eclecticism. One can underline in particular:
the corner tower, with a large balustrade-corbel featured balcony, topped by a tented roof cupola ;
bay windows on each facade, with loggias, columns and a pediment showing a floral decorated tympanum;
round pediments on the first floor, with floral ornament.
Tenements at No.13, 15, 17
1893-1894 (No.13)
1894-1895 (No.15) and 1895-1896 (No.17) by Karl Bergner
Eclecticism
These buildings were located at respectively No.4, 3 and 2 of Elisabeth Markt. First owners were:
- August Günther (No.13 and 15), a wood trader, living at No.13. They had also commissioned the tenement at nearby 21 Chrobrego Street;
- Adolf Röhr (No.17) a restaurateur, who ran their business at the same address. Today, the place still houses a restaurant.
The architect Karl Bergner realized these buildings with the same pattern in mind.
No.13 and 15 mirrored each other in perfect symmetry: only some ornamentation details differ. One can appreciate the large gates with a round glass transom light, crowned with a stylish motif and the pedimented first floor windows. No.13 facade retains a bit more architectural details, such as additional head figures, and a left part of the elevation with richer decoration (pilasters, stucco ornaments).
No.17, renovated in 2016, breaks the symmetry, with thicker bossage lines on the ground level and the absence of architectural details present at No.13 and 15. Still noticeable is the main gate with a transom light, flanked by pilasters topped by floral and puttoes motif.
Tenement at No.19, corner with Śniadecki Street
1875
Eclecticism, Neo-Renaissance
The building, then at Elisabeth Straße 39, was owned by a rentier, Carl Wilhelm Feyertag, living at "Bahnhoffstraße 11" (now Dworcowa Street No.27). They also owned the tenement at Śniadecki Street No.57.
Recently renovated, the elevation is remarkable by its wooden bay window capped by a tented roof, overhanging the corner. A long frieze runs on both frontages.
Tenement at 45 Śniadecki Street
Registered on Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship heritage list, No.A/1658, May 23, 2014
1896-1897
Eclecticism
The building, then at Elisabethstraße 23 was the property of Robert Winkler, a merchant, also landlord of Elisabethstraße 24 (No.47).
The building strikes by its original shape and its rich architectural decoration. The facade is asymmetrical, the only bay window is unbalanced, with quarter circle wrought-iron balconies flanking its left side. Both balconies have a bear cub holding a shield that stands in the corner: it is a reminder of the past activity of a metal craftwork company in the district.
An elaborate frieze runs between first and second level, and two windows are topped with triangular pediments: the one on the right side is adorned with a bas-relief of bearded male head with a hat.
On the top of the facade stands a sundial, neighboured by two finials. At street level, one can notice the grand portal, crowned by a mask of a beast.
Tenement at 47 Śniadecki Street
Late 1880s
Eclecticism
The building at Elisabethstraße 24 was the property of Robert Winkler, a merchant, also landlord of Elisabethstraße 23 (No.46). No.47 was the one they were registered as living in.
The long facade, with only one floor boasts a beautiful decoration on top of the gate, with two sphinx like woman figured shapes support another vegetal decoration with a mask. Traces of pilasters are still visible on the first floor, crowned by a full-length balustrade. The two ogee gables are also ornamented.
Tenement at Śniadecki Street No.49
1911-1912
Art Nouveau-Modern architecture
The tenement stands in the corner with Jan Matejko Street.
In Bromberg's time, address was Elisabethstraße 25.: owners were registered as "Ms Sendler and Genossen".
In 1915, an architect, Walter Findeisen, lived in this house. The building houses today the Honorary Consul of the Federal Republic of Germany in Bydgoszcz
The tenement stands out of the local urban environment with its lean and high features. Due to its late inception (1910s), the building has been erected according to late Art Nouveau canons, thus it catches the eye among late 19th century edifices. The house architecture is underlined on the one hand by long vertical lines without any ornament (art), broken up on the first floor by horizontal bossages, and on the other hand by two massive bay windows and a modest bartizan. Building's elevation has been refurbished in 2015–2016.
Tenement at 53 Śniadecki Street
1895
Eclecticism, elements of Neo-Baroque
Originally at Elisabethstraße 27, it was the property of a real estate owner (), Michael Engelhard, living at No.57. The building was designed for renting.
The elevation is essentially remarkable by the impressive decorated balconies with Neo-Baroque accents: balustrades, heavy corbels, pilasters around the openings and a highly ornamented grand lintel on the second floor.
Tenement at Śniadecki Street No.55
1899-1900
Eclecticism, elements of Neo-Baroque
Originally at Elisabethstraße 28, it was owned by Friedrich Gerth, a tailor: at that time, they lived at No.53.
The building has been home place of Szczepan Jankowski, a Polish blind composer, organist and conductor of the Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. A memorial plaque has been unveiled on November 8, 2010.
Compared to No.53, No.55 is even more remarkable by its Neo-Baroque balconies complex. Both balconies flank a large bay window adorned with bossage and pilasters. Railings are adorned with wavy circle shapes placed like rosettes.
Tenements at 57 Śniadecki Street
Late 1870s
Left house: Eclecticism, Neo-Renaissance
Right house: Modern architecture
Original address was Elisabethstraße 29: it was owned by Carl Wilhelm Feyertag, a rentier, living at "Bahnhoffstraße 11" (now Dworcowa Street No.27): they also owned the house at No.19.
Since 1956, the left tenement houses the family-run bakery "KP", established in 1922 by Franciszek Poćwiardowski.
Today the ground floor of the right building houses 1956-established ice cream firm "Lodziarnia Żak".
Although from the 1870s, the left elevation has been rebuilt and presents early Art Nouveau elements like the vegetal ornaments on the wavy shaped gable.
Right facade displays early modernist elements, expressed in the very shape of the elevation, with the round bay window topped by a balcony, and the multitude of narrow and thin openings.
See also
Bydgoszcz
Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Bydgoszcz
Bydgoszcz Architects (1850-1970s)
References
External links
Parish of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Bydgoszcz
Bibliography
Cultural heritage monuments in Bydgoszcz
Streets and squares in Bydgoszcz
Adriatic Littoral may refer to:
Austrian Littoral, under the Habsburg Empire
Operational Zone Adriatic Coast, under Nazi occupation
Croatian Littoral, in Yugoslavia and at present
Insook Choi (born 1962, South Korea) is a Korean-American composer.  They are the developer of the Scoregraph program.
Compositions
Lit (1992), for tape, released on The Composer in the Computer Age-IV
Unfolding Time in Manifold (1996), with Machine Child
Coney Island (1999), with Machine Child
Voices in Ruins (2000), with Machine Child
Sources
1962 births
Living people
South Korean composers
Women in electronic music
Experimental Music Studios alumni
Dennis Frank Homan (born January 9, 1946 in Muscle Shoals, Alabama) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League for five seasons for the Dallas Cowboys (1968–1970) and the Kansas City Chiefs (1971–1972). They later played for the Birmingham Americans (1974) and Birmingham Vulcans (1975) of the World Football League.
Early years
Homan attended Muscle Shoals High School where they practiced football, basketball and baseball. In 2005, the Muscle Shoals City School System honored Homan by naming the field of James F. Moore Stadium, Dennis Homan Field. Homan played on the school's first football team and is the first Muscle Shoals High School player to be drafted into the NFL. They also are inducted into the Colbert County Sports Hall of Fame.
They accepted a football scholarship to the University of Alabama, where they were a member of the 1965 National Championship team and the 1966 undefeated season. They were originally recruited as a running back. As a sophomore, they had 10 receptions for 298 yards and 4 touchdowns. As a junior, they became a starter at split end, playing alongside Ray Perkins, while registering 23 receptions for 377 and 5 touchdowns.
As a senior, they were named consensus All-American and Academic All-American, after making 54 receptions for 820 yards and 9 touchdowns. They also played in the Senior Bowl, where they were the MVP of the South team.
During their collegiate career, they registered 87 receptions for 1,495 yards and set the school's career touchdown record with 18. In 1988, they were inducted into the Alabama Circle of Champions and in 1999, they were inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Homan was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the first round (20th overall) of the 1968 NFL Draft. In their three years with the team, their best season came in 1969, when they had 12 receptions for 240 yards (20 yards avg.) and no touchdowns. They were a member of the Super Bowl V team that lost to the Baltimore Colts.
Their preseason performances in 1970 won them the starting wide receiver job over Bob Hayes for 5 games, before Hayes regained their starting job. When troubled Lance Rentzel was separated from the team, Homan was passed over by former undrafted free agent Reggie Rucker for the last two games of the regular season, the Cowboys' playoff drive and its narrow Super Bowl V loss to the Baltimore Colts. At the end of the season, they asked to be traded, so they were sent to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for wide receiver Gloster Richardson.
Kansas City Chiefs
Homan decided to retire after experiencing two disappointing seasons and their trade requests were not being accepted by the Kansas City Chiefs.
World Football League
They returned to professional football with the Birmingham Americans of the World Football League, where they became one of the league's top wide receivers. In 1974, they had 61 receptions for 930 yards, 8 touchdowns and 2 action points, helping the Americans finish with a 15-5 regular season record and the World Football League championship.
In 1975, the Americans were replaced as the Birmingham WFL franchise by a new team called the Birmingham Vulcans. The WFL folded in mid-season, after they recorded 18 receptions for 277 yards, while playing in a run-oriented offense.
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Muscle Shoals, Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
American football wide receivers
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
All-American college football players
Birmingham Americans players
Birmingham Vulcans players
Dallas Cowboys players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Cariani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Giovanni Cariani (1490–1547), Italian painter
John Cariani (born 1969), American actor and playwright
Morris Blaine Peterson (March 26, 1906 – July 15, 1985) was a U.S. Representative from Utah.
Born in Ogden, Utah, Peterson's father was an immigrant from Norway. They attended the public schools and Weber College before graduating from the University of Utah in 1931 and from Georgetown Law School in 1938.
They were a law clerk to Justice Eugene E. Pratt of the Utah Supreme Court, and served as Weber County attorney.
They engaged in the private practice of law in 1941 and served in the Utah State legislature 1955-1957.
Peterson married M. Lucile Parry on May 18, 1932, and they had four children.
Peterson was elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-seventh Congress (January 3, 1961 – January 3, 1963) in an extremely close election against A. Walter Stevenson. Peterson won by just 68 votes.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1962 to the Eighty-eighth Congress.
They served as chairperson of the Weber County, Utah, Taxpayers Association.
They served as special consultant to director of Food for Peace Program, 1963.
Having served as a young man in Leipzig, Germany, as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Peterson later served as president of the Southern Germany Mission from 1970 to 1973.
They were a resident of Ogden until their death there July 15, 1985.
They were interred in Ogden City Cemetery.
References
External links
1906 births
1985 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Mormon missionaries
American people of Norwegian descent
American Mormon missionaries in Germany
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Members of the Utah House of Representatives
Politicians from Ogden, Utah
University of Utah alumni
Utah lawyers
Weber State University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
Latter Day Saints from Utah
20th-century American lawyers
Parkitect is a construction and management simulation video game developed and published by Texel Raptor. After a successful Kickstarter campaign and a two-year-long early access beta period, the game was released on November 29, 2018. Parkitect simulates amusement park management, similar to the RollerCoaster Tycoon series.
Gameplay
The premise of the game is to build a theme park. Similar to the RollerCoaster Tycoon series, the player must build rides, manage the park, and keep their guests happy. The player may hire staff to fulfill the needs of the park. Parkitect introduces several aspects that differentiate from the classic RollerCoaster Tycoon series including staff buildings, resource depots, and hidden staff-only areas. Furthermore, the game introduces a branching map system within its campaign mode.
Development
In March 2014, development started as an attempt to simulate coaster physics before deciding to turn it into a full theme park simulation game. On June 1, 2014, Sebastian Mayer posted a screenshot of the yet-to-be titled game on Reddit. Texel Raptor launched the Kickstarter of the game on August 22, 2014 as Parkitect. By September 2014, the campaign had raised over 63,730. From then on, Texel Raptor released weekly images and stats regarding the development of the game. Texel Raptor released the pre-alpha to those who pre-ordered and backed the game in September 2015. In April 2016, Texel Raptor announced that Parkitect would be released as an early access game on Steam on May 5, 2016. The game fully released out of early access on November 29, 2018.
An expansion pack, Taste of Adventure, was released on November 20, 2019. In December 2020, a cooperative multiplayer mode that accommodates up to eight players was released for free. The game's second expansion, Booms & Blooms, was released on September 2, 2020.
Reception
The game received "generally positive reviews", according to review aggregator Metacritic. Alex Donaldson of VG247 praised the game, claiming that the game is connected "to the first two sprite-based RCT games [as] Planet Coaster [is connected] to the later 3D entries." Two years after Parkitects release on Early Access, Ellen McGrody of PC Gamer noted that the game "has grown from a simple recreation of the isometric rollercoaster sim to an evolution of it". Right before the game's release, Matt Wales of Eurogamer wrote that the game already possessed a "thriving" modding scene.
References
External links
2018 video games
Roller coaster games and simulations
Amusement park simulation games
Early access video games
Indie video games
Kickstarter-funded video games
Windows games
MacOS games
Linux games
Video games with Steam Workshop support
Video games set in amusement parks
Broscosoma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, first described by Wilhelm Gottlob Rosenhauer in 1846.
Species
Broscosoma contains the following species:
Broscosoma annemariae Deuve, 2004
Broscosoma baldense Rosenhauer, 1846
Broscosoma benesi Dvorak, 2006
Broscosoma bicoloratum Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma businskae Dvorak, 1998
Broscosoma convexum Deuve, 1983
Broscosoma danbaense Deuve, 2014
Broscosoma danzhuense Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma deuvei Lassalle, 1982
Broscosoma doenitzi (Harold, 1881)
Broscosoma dostali Deuve, 2006
Broscosoma dostalianum Deuve, 2014
Broscosoma farkaci Sciaky & Facchini, 2005
Broscosoma furvum Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma gaoligongense Deuve & Wrase, 2015
Broscosoma gongshanense Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma gracile Andrewes, 1927
Broscosoma guoliangi Jiang, Liu & Wang, 2021
Broscosoma guttiliforme Deuve, 1985
Broscosoma herculeanum Deuve, 2011
Broscosoma holomarginatum Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma janatai Deuve, 2008
Broscosoma jintangense Deuve, 2008
Broscosoma kalabi Deuve, 1993
Broscosoma kalabianum Deuve, 2014
Broscosoma lumbasumba Deuve, 2011
Broscosoma monticola Habu, 1973
Broscosoma montreuili Deuve, 2006
Broscosoma moriturum Semenov, 1900
Broscosoma mourzinei Deuve, 2011
Broscosoma parvum Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma purpureum Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma qiului Jiang, Liu & Wang, 2021
Broscosoma relictum Weissmandl, 1936
Broscosoma resbecqi Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma ribbei Putzeys, 1877
Broscosoma rolex Morvan, 1995
Broscosoma schawalleri Deuve, 1990
Broscosoma sehnali Deuve, 2006
Broscosoma semenovi Belousov & Kataev, 1990
Broscosoma sichuanum Deuve, 1990
Broscosoma stefani Sciaky & Facchini, 2005
Broscosoma surkiense Deuve, 2004
Broscosoma tawangense Deuve, 2006
Broscosoma tiani Deuve, 2006
Broscosoma tibetanum Facchini, 2002
Broscosoma uenoi Habu, 1973
Broscosoma valainisi Barsevskis, 2010
Broscosoma viridicollare Kavanaugh & Liang, 2021
Broscosoma xuechengense Deuve, 2008
Broscosoma xuhaoi Jiang, Feng & Wang, 2020
Broscosoma zhengyuandongi Jiang, Feng & Wang, 2020
References
Broscinae
Carabidae genera
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,127. The county seat and largest city is Shoshone. The county is named after President Abraham Lincoln. The Idaho Territory was created in 1863, during the Lincoln Administration of 1861–65.
Lincoln County is included in the Hailey, ID Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Lincoln County was created by the Idaho Legislature on March 18, 1895, by a partitioning of Blaine County, which was created earlier that month by a merger of Alturas and Logan Counties. Lincoln County itself was partitioned on January 28, 1913, with a western portion becoming Gooding County and an eastern portion becoming Minidoka County. The county assumed its present borders on February 8, 1919, when a southern portion became Jerome County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Camas County - northwest
Blaine County - north
Minidoka County - east
Jerome County - south
Gooding County - west
Major highways
US 26
US 93
SH-24
SH-75 - Sawtooth Scenic Byway
National protected area
Craters of the Moon National Monument and Preserve - (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,044 people, 1,447 households, and 1,050 families living in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,651 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.47% White, 0.47% Black or African American, 1.21% Native American, 0.45% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 9.42% from other races, and 1.93% from two or more races. 13.40% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 16.8% were of English, 12.4% American, 11.5% German and 8.3% Irish ancestry.
There were 1,447 households, out of which 37.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.50% were married couples living together, 5.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 22.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.27.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 30.40% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 106.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,484, and the median income for a family was $36,792. Males had a median income of $26,576 versus $20,032 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,257. 13.10% of the population and 10.80% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 18.30% of those under the age of 18 and 7.00% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 5,208 people, 1,705 households, and 1,271 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,976 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 80.1% white, 0.7% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 16.2% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 28.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.2% were German, 17.3% were English, 6.9% were Irish, and 6.1% were American.
Of the 1,705 households, 43.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.5% were non-families, and 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.52. The median age was 32.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,714 and the median income for a family was $50,543. Males had a median income of $37,639 versus $30,080 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,011. About 10.9% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.4% of those under age 18 and 25.0% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 5,127 people and 1,804 households living in the county. The population density was 4.3 inhabitants per square mile, or 4.3 inhabitants per 1.7 square kilometers.
Communities
Cities
Dietrich
Richfield
Shoshone
Unincorporated community
Hidden Valley
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Idaho
References
Idaho counties
Populated places established in 1895
1895 establishments in Idaho
Plainfield Academy for the Arts and Advanced Studies (PAAAS) is a magnet six-year public middle school / high school specializing in visual and performing arts that serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from Plainfield, in Union County, New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Plainfield Public School District, one of New Jersey's 31 former Abbott districts. Opened in September 2009, the school requires that students are residents of the city who have been enrolled in the district for a minimum of a year.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 414 students and 41.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.1:1. There were 233 students (56.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 51 (12.3% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards and recognition
Plainfield Academy for the Arts and Advanced Studies (PAAAS) was ranked by U.S. News & World Report at 137th among New Jersey's 551 secondary schools and ranked within the top 40% in the nation.
Administration
The school's principal is Gregory Sneed.
References
External links
Plainfield Academy for the Arts and Advanced Studies
Plainfield Public School District
School Data for the Plainfield Public School District, National Center for Education Statistics
"Plainfield school principal claims she's paid less because she's a white female"
Plainfield, New Jersey
2009 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 2009
Public high schools in Union County, New Jersey
The brown-crowned tchagra (Tchagra australis) is a species of bird in the family Malaconotidae.
Range and habitat
It is found in Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, DRC, Ivory Coast, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, South Africa, South Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.
References
External links
Brown-crowned Tchagra Tchagra australis - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
brown-crowned tchagra
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
brown-crowned tchagra
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saint Nicholas's Church is a cultural heritage monument in Drajčići, Prizren, Kosovo.
The church, dedicated to Saint Nicholas, lies in the Milaçiq neighborhood of Sredska, near the primary school, and was built around 1575-1600. Sredska is located west of Prizren on the road to Prevalla. The rectangular-plan church includes a triangular apse on the eastern wall, and its one story is covered by a semi-arched vault. The western entrance includes the narthex and bell tower. The building includes a mix of tuff and river stones bound with lime mortar, with no plaster on the outside but white plaster on the interior. The two-story roof is covered with lead and sheet metal tiles, and the façade includes semi-circular windows and similarly arched niches. An elaborate iconostasis can be found on the interior wall. The village cemetery is located in the churchyard.
References
Serbian Orthodox church buildings in Kosovo
Buschenchappeli (or Buschenkappeli) is a chapel in the Swiss village of Walchwil. Situated on Walchwilerberg, overlooking the Lotenbach and with an elevation of around , it is first mentioned in literature in 1754. It is located around from the eastern shores of the Zugersee.
The reason for its construction is unclear. One account states it was built by peasants in gratitude for their being spared from the plague; another says it was built to protect grazing cattle from lightning strikes. A third theory is that a foreign officer stationed here during the French Revolution got lost in the area for several days. They swore that if they saw their homeland again, they would have a chapel built in this area. This account postdates the 1754 appearance in history books, however.
The chapel was renovated in 1966. The consecration of the bell, featuring the bell god Marie Müller (known as Stoffels Marie) took place in July of that year.
It was restored again in 1987, under the guidance of the cantonal monument preservation and with donations from the Walchwil Yodelling Club.
References
Chapels in Switzerland
18th-century establishments in Switzerland
Yugra () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 29 as of 2002.
Geography
Yugra is located 16 km southwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Stary Dvor is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Quasistatic approximation(s) refers to different domains and different meanings. In the most common acceptance, quasistatic approximation refers to equations that keep a static form (do not involve time derivatives) even if some quantities are allowed to vary slowly with time. In electromagnetism it refers to mathematical models that can be used to describe devices that do not produce significant amounts of electromagnetic waves. For instance the capacitor and the coil in electrical networks.
Overview
The quasistatic approximation can be understood through the idea that the sources in the problem change sufficiently slowly that the system can be taken to be in equilibrium at all times. This approximation can then be applied to areas such as classical electromagnetism, fluid mechanics, magnetohydrodynamics, thermodynamics, and more generally systems described by hyperbolic partial differential equations involving both spatial and time derivatives. In simple cases, the quasistatic approximation is allowed when the typical spatial scale divided by the typical temporal scale is much smaller than the characteristic velocity with which information is propagated. The problem gets more complicated when several length and time scales are involved. In the strict acceptance of the term the quasistatic case corresponds to a situation where all time derivatives can be neglected. However some equations can be considered as quasistatic while others are not, leading to a system still being dynamic. There is no general consensus in such cases.
Fluid dynamics
In fluid dynamics, only quasi-hydrostatics (where no time derivative term is present) is considered as a quasi-static approximation. Flows are usually considered as dynamic as well as acoustic waves propagation.
Thermodynamics
In thermodynamics, a distinction between quasistatic regimes and dynamic ones is usually made in terms of equilibrium thermodynamics versus non-equilibrium thermodynamics. As in electromagnetism some intermediate situations also exist; see for instance local equilibrium thermodynamics.
Electromagnetism
In classical electromagnetism, there are at least two consistent quasistatic approximations of Maxwell equations: quasi-electrostatics and quasi-magnetostatics depending on the relative importance of the two dynamic coupling terms. These approximations can be obtained using time constants evaluations or can be shown to be Galilean limits of electromagnetism.
Retarded times point of view
In magnetostatics equations such as Ampère's Law or the more general Biot–Savart law allow one to solve for the magnetic fields produced by steady electrical currents. Often, however, one may want to calculate the magnetic field due to time varying currents (accelerating charge) or other forms of moving charge. Strictly speaking, in these cases the asupervisorstioned equations are invalid, as the field measured at the observer must incorporate distances measured at the retarded time, that is the observation time minus the time it took for the field (traveling at the speed of light) to reach the observer. The retarded time is different for every point to be considered, hence the resulting equations are quite complicated; often it is easier to formulate the problem in terms of potentials; see retarded potential and Jefimenko's equations.
In this point of view the quasistatic approximation is obtained by using time instead of retarded time or equivalently to assume that the speed of light is infinite. To first order, the mistake of using only Biot–Savart's law rather than both terms of Jefimenko's magnetic field equation fortuitously cancel.
Notes
Electromagnetism
Concepts in physics
The 2010 Connecticut House of Representatives election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect members to the Connecticut House of Representatives, one from each of the state's 151 General Assembly districts. The date of this the election corresponded with other elections in the state, including ones for governor, U.S. Senate, and the Connecticut State Senate.
Representatives elected served a two-year term which began in January 2011.
Current composition
The Connecticut House of Representatives is, as of February 11, 2010, composed of 114 Democrats and 37 Republicans.
2010 Connecticut elections
House 2010
Connecticut House of Representatives
Jens Höing (born February 21, 1987 in Münster) is a German racing driver.
Career
Formula BMW
After a five-year karting career, Höing moved up into the Formula BMW ADAC championship via a scholarship. Driving for Team Rosberg, Höing scored 2 points in 2005, but stayed in the series for 2006, but changed teams to GU-Racing. They improved from 23rd in 2005 to 14th in 2006, but still didn't crack the higher echelons of the standings, only amassing thirteen points. A new points system was introduced in 2007, which meant that Höing scored over 200 points but yet remained in 14th place overall. They competed at the end of season World Final in Valencia in 2006, and finished in 18th place.
Formula Three
After their three seasons in FBMW, Höing moved up into the German Formula Three Championship in 2008 but continued with GU-Racing. Höing finished in the points once, at the Nürburgring as they came out in 17th in the championship.
Formula Two
Höing originally signed up to drive in the 2009 FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number twenty. However, some contractual issues forced Höing to remove themselves from the championship. Once they were rectified, Höing returned to the championship, and was also reinstated to their original car number, after Edoardo Piscopo had used it at the first group test at Snetterton. It also forced organisers MotorSport Vision to increase the field to 25. They finished 26th in the standings, with no points. Höing was frequently involved in racing incidents, failing to finish in ten of the sixteen races.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Official website
Career statistics from Driver Database
1987 births
Living people
German racing drivers
German Formula Three Championship drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
Formula BMW ADAC drivers
Sportspeople from Münster
Racing drivers from North Rhine-Westphalia
People with chronic fatigue syndrome
Team Rosberg drivers
Richard Bernstein (born May 5, 1944) is an American journalist, columnist, and author. They wrote the Letter from America column for the International Herald Tribune. They have been a book critic at The New York Times and a foreign correspondent for both Time magazine and The New York Times in Europe and Asia.
Early life and education
Richard Bernstein was born in New York City but grew up on a poultry farm in East Haddam, Connecticut. After graduating from Nathan Hale-Ray High School, they earned a B.A. in history from the University of Connecticut and an M.A. in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. In 1971, they moved to Taiwan to study Chinese.
Career
In 1973, Bernstein joined the staff of Time magazine tasked with writing about Asia. In 1979, they opened the magazine's first bureau in the People's Republic of China and served as the first Beijing bureau chief. In 1982, they accepted a position with The New York Times where they served as the United Nations Bureau Chief, Paris Bureau Chief, National Cultural Correspondent, book critic, and Berlin Bureau Chief.
Published works
Bernstein's first book, From the Center of the Earth: The Search for the Truth About China (1982), was named one of the "Notable Books of the Year 1982" by The New York Times and solidified their reputation as a China expert. The Coming Conflict with China (1997) was chosen as one of The New York Times "Notable Books of the Year 1997."
Bibliography
From the Center of the Earth: The Search for the Truth About China (1982)
Fragile Glory: A Portrait of France and the French (1990)
Dictatorship of Virtue: Multiculturalism and the Battle for America's Future (1994)
The Coming Conflict with China (1997), with Ross. H. Munro
Ultimate Journey: Retracing the Path of an Ancient Buddhist Monk Who Crossed Asia in Search of Enlightenment (2001)
Out of the Blue: The Story of September 11, 2001, from Jihad to Ground Zero (2002)
The East, the West, and Sex: A History of Erotic Encounters (2009)
A Girl Named Faithful Plum: The Story of a Dancer from China and How They Achieved Them Dream (2012)
China 1945 (2014)
Personal life
Bernstein lives in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. Their wife is Zhongmei Li, a Chinese classical dancer who worked with Jia Zhoungli and whom they met at a New York film screening. They attended the Beijing Dance Academy for 7 years (1978-1984) and founded the New York-based Zhongmei Dance Company in 1992. Their son, Elias, attends Stuyvesant High School.
References
External links
Biography at Random House
Profile at New York Review of Books
Articles at The New York Times
Articles at Time
Interview with Bold Type Magazine
Interview with Charlie Rose
1944 births
Living people
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
International Herald Tribune people
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
American columnists
Jewish American journalists
The New York Times writers
Journalists from New York City
People from East Haddam, Connecticut
Journalists from Connecticut
University of Connecticut alumni
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American Jews
American expatriates in Taiwan
Laurie Cabot (born March 6, 1933) is an American Witchcraft high priestess, and the author of several books. They founded the Cabot Tradition of the Science of Witchcraft and the Witches' League for Public Awareness to defend the civil rights of witches everywhere. They live in Salem, where they owned a shop. Cabot claims to be related to the prominent Boston Brahmin Cabot family.
Life and career and possible inspirations
Laurie Cabot was born Mercedes Elizabeth Kiersey. They grew up in California and came east to New England as a teenager. They maintain that their interest in the occult began in childhood. They developed this interest in Boston through time they spent as a young woman in the halls of the Boston Public Library.
During the 1950s, Cabot worked as a dancer in a Boston nightclub called "The Latin Quarter" owned by Lou Walters, father of TV journalist Barbara Walters. Cabot was asked by Mr. Walters to open their Las Vegas Latin Quarter, but they declined.
Cabot married and divorced twice, with each marriage producing a daughter. Cabot chose to raise their daughters as Witches, and they began appearing in black robes and black eye-makeup in their everyday life. They identify themselves as a Witch. The kind of Witchcraft that Cabot practices focuses on the Religion, Art and Science of Witchcraft. 1970 TV's sitcom Bewitched visited Salem for a series of episodes with location filming. Laurie Cabot opened the town's first "Witch Shoppe" in Salem in 1971, which became a tourist destination thanks to the national TV exposure.
In 1986, after the release of the film version of The Witches of Eastwick, John Updike's novel about single suburban women venturing into the occult, Cabot established the Witches' League for Public Awareness to counter negative images of their religion in popular culture and the media. "Here are three women who have nothing better to do, because they are so frustrated sexually, than to get involved with witchcraft," Cabot said of the movie. "They are not witches. If they are anything, they are weekend Satanists. They don't do one witchy thing in the whole film."
Cabot's shop sold herbs, jewelry, Tarot decks, and other items used in witchcraft. They later moved their shop to an old gambrel-roofed house on Essex Street. This new shop was named Crow Haven Corner. The physical store is still open, but is no longer owned or managed by any member of the Cabot family (formerly, their eldest daughter Jody owned and ran it). Cabot's final shop in Salem, The Cat, the Crow and the Crown on Pickering Wharf, later renamed The Official Witch Shoppe, closed its doors in February 2012. Cabot still maintains an online business and sells their hand-crafted magic products at Enchanted, a witch shoppe on Pickering Wharf in Salem .
In March 2008, Cabot celebrated their 75th birthday at a surprise birthday party that was attended by hundreds of witches, including Sully Erna of the band Godsmack, for whom Cabot had appeared in the band's "Voodoo" music video, shot at Hammond Castle.
Publications
The Power of the Witch: The Earth, the Moon, and the Magical Path to Enlightenment (1990)
Love Magic (with Tim Cowan) (1992)
Celebrate the Earth: A Year of Holidays in the Pagan Tradition (1994).
The Witch in Every Woman: Reawakening the Magical Nature of the Feminine to Heal, Protect, Create, and Empower (1997)
Laurie Cabot's Book of Shadows by Laurie Cabot (Author), Penny Cabot (Author), Christopher Penczak (Author) (October 29, 2015)
Laurie Cabot's Book of Spells & Enchantments by Laurie Cabot (Author), Penny Cabot (Author), Christopher Penczak (Author)
References
External links
Official website
1933 births
Living people
People from Salem, Massachusetts
People from Wewoka, Oklahoma
Wiccan priestesses
New Age spiritual leaders
American Wiccans
American women activists
Activists from Oklahoma
Activists from Massachusetts
American occult writers
American women non-fiction writers
Barry Golson is an American editor and author. They were a executive editor of Playboy magazine for twelve years, and of TV Guide for five years.
Career
Golson was executive editor of Playboy magazine from 1977 to 1989. During that time they edited The Playboy Interviews with John Lennon and Yoko Ono and The Playboy Interview, both originally published in 1981, and The Playboy Interview Volume II, published in 1983, featuring interviews from the magazine's first two decades.
Golson also served as editor-in-chief for World Press Review, executive editor for TV Guide, editor-in-chief of TV Guide Online (an electronic version of the magazine's television listings), and editor-in-chief of Yahoo! Internet Life. They have written for publications including The New York Times, Los Angeles Times and Salon. Salon, June 22, 1997.</ref>
In 2006, they authored Gringos in Paradise and, two years later, Retirement Without Borders, both detailing their life as an expatriate.
In 2020, Golson began writing editorial columns for the Tampa Bay Times, covering such topics as politics, culture, love, family and survival in the age of COVID-19.
Published works
Editor
The Playboy Interview (1981)
The Playboy Interviews with John Lennon and Yoko Ono (1981)
The Playboy Interview Volume II (1983)
Author
Gringos in Paradise (2006)
Retirement Without Borders (2008)
Passing Wind of Love: A Hysterical Historical Romance (2014), with John Blumenthal
References
Living people
American travel writers
American male non-fiction writers
American book editors
Phillips Exeter Academy alumni
21st-century American male writers
American magazine editors
Playboy people
Year of birth missing (living people)
TV Guide
Yale University alumni
Natasha Corrett (born July 1983) is a British vegetarian chef and food writer, and advocate of clean eating and alkaline eating principles.
Early life
Natasha Corrett was born in July 1983 to the interior designer Kelly Hoppen and their first husband Graham Corrett. They showed an early interest in music and their mother encouraged them to take professional singing lessons.  They are married to Simon Bateman.
Career
Corrett first worked as a personal assistant and then events organiser in their mother's business. After that they ran holistic retreats and began to cook when the chef they had booked for an event did not arrive. They began to write about food and completed their first two books jointly with their godmother Vicki Edgson.  They are an advocate of vegetarianism, clean eating and alkaline eating principles through their Honestly Healthy website and brand which they founded in 2010.
Selected publications
Honestly Healthy: Eat with your body in mind, the alkaline way. 2012. (With Vicki Edgson)
Honestly Healthy for Life: Healthy alternatives for everyday eating. 2014. (With Vicki Edgson)
Honestly Healthy Cleanse. 2015.
Alkaline Cleanse: 100 recipes to cleanse and nourish. 2016.
Honestly Healthy in a Hurry: The busy food-lover's cookbook 2016
See also
Anthony Warner (chef)
Ella Woodward
References
External links
http://www.honestlyhealthyfood.com/
Living people
1983 births
Alkaline diet advocates
British chefs
British food writers
British vegetarianism activists
Clean eating advocates
English people of South African descent
Clito "Clyde" Geronimi (June 12, 1901 – April 24, 1989), known as Gerry, was an American animation director.  They are best known for their work at Walt Disney Productions.
Biography
Geronimi was born in Chiavenna, Italy, immigrating to the United States as a young child. Geronimi's earliest work in the animation field was for the J.R. Bray Studios, where they worked with Walter Lantz. Upon the dissolution of the Bray Studio in 1928, Geronimi followed Lantz to their own studio, Walter Lantz Productions, producing Cartoons for Universal Pictures. Geronimi left Lantz in 1931 to join Walt Disney Productions, where they remained until 1959. Geronimi started off in the shorts department as an animator, eventually becoming a director. Their 1941 short, Lend a Paw, won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Geronimi moved into directing feature-length animated films after the end of World War II, mainly working for Walt Disney Productions. They were one of the directors on Bambi, Cinderella, Alice in Wonderland, Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, Sleeping Beauty, and One Hundred and One Dalmatians.
After Geronimi left Disney in 1959, they worked in television for a number of years (mostly at UPA), including directing many episodes of the 1967 animated Spider-Man series. They retired from animation sometime in the late 1960s, and provided illustrations for children's books.
Geronimi received the 1978 Winsor McCay Award from the International Animated Film Society, ASIFA-Hollywood, for their lifetime of contributions to the animation field. The award was presented by their long-time friend and colleague Walter Lantz. Geronimi was also posthumously inducted as a Disney Legend on July 14, 2017.
In 2019, Sleeping Beauty was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Film Registry for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Geronimi died on April 24, 1989 at their home in Newport Beach, California, aged 87.
Filmography
Shorts
Walter Lantz Productions period
The Pied Piper (Short) (assistant animator) (1924)
The Giant Killer (Short) (assistant animator) (1924)
The Magic Lamp (Short) (assistant animator) (1924)
Dinky Doodle in a Restaurant (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Dinky Doodle in the Circus (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
How the Camel Got Their Hump (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Dinky Doodle in the Hunt (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
How the Bear Got Their Short Tail (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Dinky Doodle and the Bad Man (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
How the Elephant Got Their Trunk (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Just Spooks (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
The Babes in the Woods (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Three Bears (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Robinson Crusoe (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Magic Carpet (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Peter Pan Handled (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
The House That Dinky Built (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Cinderella (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
Little Red Riding Hood (Short) (assistant animator) (1925)
The Cat's Nine Lives (Short) (animator) (1926)
The Pig's Curly Tail (Short) (animator and writer) (1926)
Dinky Doodle in the Army (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Dog Gone It (Short) (assistant director) (1926)
The Magician (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Dinky Doodle's Little Orphan (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Dinky Doodle's Bed Time Story (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Wild-West (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
The Ostrich's Plumes (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Dinky Doodle in Egypt (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
The King of Beasts (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
The Arctic (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Dinky Doodle in Lost and Found (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Dinky Doodle in Uncle Tom's Cabin (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
How the Giraffe Got Their Long Neck (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
The Goat's Whiskers (Short) (assistant animator) (1926)
Hyena's Laugh (animator) (1926)
Lunch Hound (animator) (1927)
Mars (Short) (animator) (1930)
Alaska (Short) (animator) (1930)
Africa (Short) (animator) (1930)
Mexico (Short) (animator) (1930)
The Navy (Short) (animator) (1930)
The Fowl Ball (Short) (animator) (1930)
The Detective (Short) (animator) (1930)
The Singing Sap (Short) (animator) (1930)
Cold Feet (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
Snappy Salesman (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
Henpecked (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
Spooks (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
Not So Quiet (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
My Pal Paul (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
Hell Heels (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
Hot for Hollywood (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
The Prison Panic (Short) (animator and writer) (1930)
The Hunter (Short) (animator) (1931)
Kentucky Belles (Short) (animator) (1931)
Radio Rhythm (Short) (animator) (1931)
The Stone Age (Short) (animator and artist) (1931)
Northwoods (Short) (animator) (1931)
The Bandmaster (Short) (animator) (1931)
Country School (Short) (animator) (1931)
Sunny South (Short) (artist) (1931)
The Fireman (Short) (animator) (1931)
The Farmer (Short) (animator) (1931)
What a Doctor! (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1931)
Shipwreck (Short) (animator) (1931)
College (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1931)
China (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1931)
Disney period
The Ugly Duckling (animator - uncredited) (1931)
Mickey's Orphans (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1931)
Mickey Cuts Up (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1931)
The Beach Party (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1931)
Mickey's Good Deed (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Santa's Workshop (animator - uncredited) (1932)
The Klondike Kid (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Trader Mickey (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Flowers and Trees (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Just Dogs (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Mickey in Arabia (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Mickey's Revue (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
The Duck Hunt (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1932)
Giantland (animator - uncredited) (1933)
The Steeple Chase (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
Old king Cole (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
Mickey's Mechanical Man (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
Father Noah's Ark (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
Mickey's Mellerdrammer (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
Birds in the Spring (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
Building a Building (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1933)
The Dognapper (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1934)
The Goddess of Spring (animator - uncredited) (1934)
Peculiar Penguins (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1934)
The Wise Little Hen (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1934)
The Big Bad Wolf (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1934)
Shanghaied (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1934)
Cock o' the Walk (Short) (animator) (1935)
Music Land (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1935)
Pluto's Judgement Day (Short) (animator) (1935)
Who Killed Cock Robin? (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1935)
Mickey's Kangaroo (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1935)
The Band Concert (Short) (animator - uncredited)
Mickey's Man Friday (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1934)
Mother Pluto (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1936)
Three Blind Mouseketeers (animator - uncredited) (1936)
Mickey's Rival (animator - uncredited) (1936)
Lonesome Ghosts (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1937)
Moose Hunters (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1937)
The Fox Hunt (Short) (animator - uncredited) (1938)
Mickey's Trailer (animator - uncredited) (1938)
Boat Builders (animator - uncredited) (1938)
Society Dog Show (animator - uncredited) (1939)
Mickey's Parrot (director) (1938)
The Ugly Duckling (director) (1939)
Beach Picnic (director) (1939)
Officer Duck (director) (1939)
The Pointer (director) (1939)
Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip (director) (1940)
Pantry Pirate (director) (1940)
Billposters (director) (1940)
Tugboat Mickey (director) (1940)
Pluto's Dream House (director) (1940)
Lend a Paw (director) (1941)
Canine Caddy (director) (1941)
A Gentleman's Gentleman (director) (1941)
Pluto Junior (director) (1942)
The Army Mascot (director) (1942)
T-Bone for Two (director) (1942)
Pluto at the Zoo (director) (1942)
The Sleep Walker (director) (1942)
Private Pluto (director) (1943)
Education for Death (director) (1943)
Chicken Little (director) (1943)
Victory Through Air Power (Deputy director) (1943)
Pluto and the Armadillo (director) (1943)
Susie the Little Blue Coupe (director) (1952)
Music Land (director) (1956)
Feature films
Dumbo (assistant director - uncredited) (1941)
Bambi (director) (1942)
The Three Caballeros (director) (1944)
Make Mine Music (Peter and the Wolf, The Whale Who Wanted to Sing at the Met segments) (director) (1946)
Melody Time (Little Toot, Blame It on the Samba, Pecos Bill segments) (director) (1948)
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad (The Legend of Sleepy Hollow segment) (director) (1949)
Cinderella (director) (1950)
Alice in Wonderland (director) (1951)
Peter Pan (director) (1953)
Lady and the Tramp (director) (1955)
Sleeping Beauty (1959)
One Hundred and One Dalmatians (1961)
TV
Spider-Man (TV series) (direction) (1967)
Disneyland (TV series) (sequence director - 1 episode)
How the West Was Lost (1967) (sequence director)
Funny Is Funny (Short) (animation director) (1966)
Linus the Lionhearted (TV Series) (animation director) (1964)
Water Skiing (The Company)
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Balloon (The Company)
Hide and Seek (The Company)
Musical Chairs (The Company)
Swami Bird (Linus, King of Beasts)
Rocky Road to Riches (Linus, King of Beasts)
Birds Gotta Swim (Linus, King of Beasts)
Bye, Bye, Bad Bird (Rory Raccoon)
Make Someone Happy (Rory Raccoon)
Vincent Van Crow (Rory Raccoon)
So-Hi and the Bamboo Stalk (So-Hi)
The Night Before Christmas (So-Hi)
The Bear Who Danced Too Well (So-Hi)
So-Hi and the Knight (So-Hi)
The Princely Toad (So-Hi)
Little Red So-Hihood (So-Hi)
The Giant With Two Glass Jaws (So-Hi)
The Business-Like Witch (So-Hi)
The Wolf Who Changed Their Spots (So-Hi)
CinderSo-Hi (So-Hi)
E.R. Jack Rumplestiltskin (So-Hi)
The Poet Bandit (So-Hi)
The Walrus and the Carpenter (So-Hi)
The Cat Who Looked At A Queen (So-Hi)
Truly Chewy (Lovable Truly)
Truly Scarey (Lovable Truly)
Be Kind To Dogs (Lovable Truly)
Puncture Time (Lovable Truly)
Flop Flop (Lovable Truly)
References
External links
Obituary at the New York Times
1901 births
1989 deaths
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
Italian animators
American animators
American animated film directors
Italian film directors
People from Newport Beach, California
Italian emigrants to the United States
Film directors from California
Directors of Best Animated Short Academy Award winners
Fantasy film directors
Bray Productions people
Walter Lantz Productions people
People from Chiavenna
Jernigan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Aaron Jernigan (1813–1891), early U.S. settler
Anna Jernigan ("Anna Jay") (born 1998), American wrestler
Billy Jernigan (1923–1997), American wrestler
Candy Jernigan (1952–1991), U.S. artist and designer
Darren Jernigan (born 1969), U.S. politician
Dennis Jernigan (born 1959), U.S. Christian singer-songwriter
Doug Jernigan (born 1946), U.S. musician
Garrett Jernigan, American physicist and astronomer
Gerald D. Jernigan (1942–2006), U.S. politician
Harry Jernigan, fictional character from The Towering Inferno
Jerrel Jernigan (born 1989), American football player
Johnny Jernigan, American football coach and former player
Joseph Paul Jernigan (1954–1993), U.S. murderer
Kenneth Jernigan (1926–1998), blind U.S. civil rights activist
Kenton Jernigan, U.S. squash player
Tamara E. Jernigan (born 1959), U.S. scientist and astronaut
Terry Jernigan (born 1951/1952), U.S. neuropsychologist
Thomas R. Jernigan (1847–1920), U.S. diplomat, and consul general in Shanghai
See also
Jernigan (1991 novel), by David Gates
Paulin may refer to:
Paulin (name), a given name and surname
Paulin, Dordogne, a commune in Aquitaine, France
Paulin, Masovian Voivodeship, a settlement in Poland
See also
Paulins Kill, a river in New Jersey, United States
Saint-Paulin, Quebec, a municipality in Canada
Saint-Paulin cheese, a French cheese
23 mm caliber is a specific size of popular autocannon ammunition.
This ammunition size has not been widely used. Examples of armaments using it are:
23x115mm caliber, used on many Soviet and Russian airplanes
23x122mm
23x139mmSR
23x152mmB caliber, used on Ilyushin Il-2 attack plane as well as on later Soviet anti-aircraft guns
See also
12.7×99mm
12.7×108mm
14.5x114
20 mm caliber
25×137mm
40 mm grenade
Bofors 40 mm gun
List of cartridges (weaponry), pistol and rifle
References
David Harvey (born 20 May 1982) is a Brazilian rugby player. They have played in the Super Rugby for the Western Force and for several clubs around the world in England, France, Italy and Australia.
Rugby career
Harvey played for the Western Force in Super Rugby, making their debut for in round four of the 2012 season against the Waratahs in Sydney. Harvey previously played for French side Narbonne and English teams such as Coventry, Newbury and Bradford & Bingley.
International career
Harvey, born in Australia, was eligible to represent Australia, both by birth and by residency grounds, and Brazil via their mother, who is Brazilian. In 2015, Harvey was selected to represent Brazil against Germany. Harvey scored twelve points in the match. Brazil lost 12–29.
External links
Western Force profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1982 births
Australian rugby union players
Australian people of Brazilian descent
Bradford RFC players
Brazilian rugby union players
Brazilian people of Australian descent
Rugby union fly-halves
Western Force players
Greater Sydney Rams players
New South Wales Country Eagles players
Amatori Rugby Milano players
Rugby union players from Brisbane
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Brazilian rugby sevens players
Brazil international rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
RC Narbonne players
Expatriate rugby union players in Italy
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Cram.com (formerly known as Flashcard Exchange) is a web-based application for creating, studying, and sharing flashcards. Users on Cram.com have created over 68 million flashcards.
History
Cram.com was launched by StudyMode after it acquired FlashcardExchange.com and FlashcardDB.com.
FlashcardExchange.com was originally launched in January 2001 by Culley Harrelson. FlashcardExchange.com was praised by Education World as being "simply designed and intuitive to use".
Usage
Users can create free accounts on the website to create their own flashcards. On FlashcardExchange.com, users had to pay to print and download flashcards, but all functionality on Cram.com is free.
Flashcards can be created in a number of languages, such as English, French, Spanish, German, Chinese, Polish, and Portuguese. Flashcards are placed into categories, including careers, language, computers, and others.
See also
List of flashcard software
References
External links
American educational websites
Educational software
Spaced repetition software
Internet properties established in 2001
Theoclia may refer to:
Theoclia (sister of Alexander Severus), sister of the Roman emperor Alexander Severus
Saint Theoclia, 4th century saint and martyr
Lake Whitney is a lake in Hamden, Connecticut, that is a part of the Mill River. The lake was a water source for the New Haven, Connecticut, metro area, until its associated treatment plant became antiquated in the 1990s. A new water treatment facility was constructed in the early 2000s rated for up to 15 million gallons per day. Lake Whitney now serves as one of four primary sources of surface water for the RWASouth Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority. RWA also operates a gravity release from the dam when there is no flow over the spillway, and operates an "Eel Pass" in conjunction with CT DEEP to assist with eel migration over the dam.
References
External links
Historic American Engineering Record in Connecticut
Whitney
Whitney
Clarence Joseph Veniot (February 9, 1886 – March 7, 1977) was a physician, surgeon and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. They represented Gloucester in the House of Commons of Canada from 1936 to 1945 as a Liberal member and then served in the Senate of Canada representing Gloucester division from 1945 to 1966.
They were born in Moncton, New Brunswick, the son of former Premier of New Brunswick Peter Veniot and their wife, Catherine Melanson.
Clarence Veniot served as mayor of Bathurst from 1933 to 1935. They were first elected by acclamation to the House of Commons in a 1936 by-election held after their father's death.
Electoral record
References
1886 births
1977 deaths
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from New Brunswick
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Canadian senators from New Brunswick
Mayors of Bathurst, New Brunswick
People from Moncton
Serge Jean Julien Hubert (8 December 1915 – 26 May 1997) was a French sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1915 births
1997 deaths
French male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of France
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sport shooters from Paris
20th-century French people
George Timothy Tobin (1864–May 6, 1956) was an American illustrator and artist.
Biography
Tobin was a native of Weybridge, Vermont, and later settled in New Rochelle, New York, where they were a founding member of the New Rochelle Art Association. They produced illustrations for magazines like Harper's Bazaar (cover, December 1906), The Century, Publishers Weekly, and St. Nicholas. They illustrated children's books by authors such as Ruth Ogden and Charles Dickens. They produced a series of drawings of American presidents and other notables like critic Hamilton Wright Mabie.
Tobin worked in watercolor, ink, pencil, pastel, and (later) drypoint etching. Their work is in the collection of the Smithsonian Institution, the National Museum of American Illustration, the Fogg Art Museum, and the New York Public Library.
References
1864 births
1956 deaths
American illustrators
20th-century American artists
Artists from Vermont
Believo! is the debut album by the indie rock band Enon. It was released in 2000 on See Thru Broadcasting. The second pressing of the vinyl edition included a bonus 7" record. The out-of-print album was reissued by Touch and Go Records in 2007.
Critical reception
Cincinnati CityBeat called the album "a rollicking slab of head-turning, style-juggling wax," writing that "a hydrant's flow of ideas percolate themselves into skewed pop songs." Exclaim! wrote that "with a disparate fusion of down and dirty guitar rock aesthetic, funky vibes and totally organic grooves, this NYC-based trio could well be the North American answer to the Beta Band." The Washington Post wrote that Believo! "is cutting-edge cut-up pop that surprises—in songs like 'Get the Letter Out'—by daring to be tuneful." The Stranger deemed it "a punchy, melody-packed blend of techno, new wave, and pop punk."
Track listing
"Rubber Car" – 2:31
"Cruel" – 2:33
"Conjugate the Verbs" – 3:12
"Believo!" – 2:09
"Come Into" – 3:14
"Matters Gray" – 3:25
"Get the Letter Out" – 2:56
"World in a Jar" – 3:16
"For the Sum of It" – 5:11
"Elected" – 1:41
"Biofeedback" – 2:38
7"
"To Whom It May Consume"
"Suz EQ"
References
External links
Enon.tv official website
2000 debut albums
Enon (band) albums
Albums produced by Dave Sardy
The Screen Award for Best Cinematography is a technical award of The Screen Awards, (previously named Star Screen Awards), an annual awards ceremony held in India honouring professional excellence in the Bollywood Film Industry. The nomination and award selection is done by a panel of distinguished professionals from the industry.
The winners are listed below:-
References
Cinematography
Awards for best cinematography
The 1965–66 Taça de Portugal was the 26th edition of the Portuguese football knockout tournament, organized by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). The 1965–66 Taça de Portugal began on 6 November 1965. The final was played on 22 May 1966 at the Estádio Nacional.
Vitória de Setúbal were the previous holders, having defeated Benfica 3–1 in the previous season's final. Defending champions Vitória de Setúbal reached the final but were unable to regain the Taça de Portugal as Braga defeated the Sadinos 1–0 to claim their first Taça de Portugal.
First round
Ties were played between the 6–21 November, whilst replays were played at a later date. Unlike previous editions, two legged first round cup ties were abolished which meant that each cup tie would be contested over one leg. In case a match was tied, the tie would be replayed at a later date. Teams from the Primeira Liga (I) and the Portuguese Second Division (II) entered at this stage.
|}
Second round
Ties were played between the 1–10 December and the 22 February, whilst replays were played at a later date. Due to the odd number of teams involved at this stage of the competition, Cova da Piedade qualified for the next round due to having no opponent to face at this stage of the competition.
|}
Third round
Ties were played between the 9–20 March. Third round ties were contested over two legs. Due to the odd number of teams involved at this stage of the competition, Beira-Mar and Vitória de Setúbal qualified for the next round due to having no opponent to face at this stage of the competition. Lusitânia, Marítimo, and Mindelense were invited to participate in the competition.
|}
Quarter-finals
Ties were played on the 10–19 April.
|}
Semi-finals
Ties were played on the 8–17 May.
|}
Final
References
Taça de Portugal seasons
1965–66 domestic association football cups
1965–66 in Portuguese football
Our Man, Papa Jo! is the last studio album recorded by drummer Jo Jones in 1977 and released by the Japanese Denon label the following year.
Reception
AllMusic reviewer Scott Yanow stated "The final session for a jazz legend. Drummer Jo Jones was nearing the end when they got together with their old friends ... They still managed to play with some degree of authority and anchor the rhythm section".
Track listing
"Take the "A" Train" (Billy Strayhorn) – 5:42
"My Last Affair" (Haven Johnson) – 5:50
"Stompin' at the Savoy" (Edgar Sampson, Benny Goodman, Chick Webb, Andy Razaf) – 7:09
"Broadway" (Wilbur H Bird, Teddy McRae, Henri Woode) – 6:17
"As Time Goes By" (Herman Hupfeld) – 2:58
"Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams" (Harry Barris, Ted Koehler, Billy Moll) – 3:27
"Solitude" (Duke Ellington, Eddie DeLange) – 4:25
"It Doesn't Mean a Thing" (Ellington) – 4:38
Personnel
Jo Jones – drums
Jimmy Oliver – tenor saxophone
Hank Jones – piano
Major Holley – bass
References
1978 albums
Jo Jones albums
Denon Records albums
In enzymology, an isopiperitenone Delta-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
isopiperitenone piperitenone
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, isopiperitenone, and one product, piperitenone.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is isopiperitenone Delta8-Delta4-isomerase.
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Outsider is a 2021 American documentary film directed by Steven Rosenbaum and Pamela Yoder about the making of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in New York City.
Using footage collected over eight years, the film follows the journey of the museum's creative director Michael Shulan (the titular "outsider") from the day of the September 11 attacks to the building's opening in 2014. Shulan "is initially optimistic about the project's aims but becomes dispirited by the end results. Viewers follow Shulan, who left the institution shortly after it opened, as they start to believe the site feels more like a New York City tourist attraction akin to Times Square than a museum offering a nuanced portrayal of history."
The Outsider premiered on Facebook in August 2021.
References
External links
2021 independent films
American documentary films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Valentino Fois (September 23, 1973 in Bergamo – March 23, 2008 in Villa d'Alme) was an Italian cyclist. They participated in 2 editions of the Tour de France.
Major results
1995
1st Giro della Valle d'Aosta
1996
1st stage 5 Tour de Pologne
1997
3rd Italian National Road Race Championships
1999
1st Giro del Mendrisiotto
References
1973 births
2008 deaths
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from Bergamo
"Madness Ends" is the thirteenth and final episode of the second season of the FX anthology television series American Horror Story. The episode, written by executive producer Tim Minear and directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon, originally aired on January 23, 2013. This episode is rated TV-MA (LSV).
In the episode, Lana Winters (Sarah Paulson) is interviewed about their career, including shutting down Briarcliff, exposing now-Cardinal Howard (Joseph Fiennes), and the fates of the surviving patients Jude (Jessica Lange) and Kit (Evan Peters). After the interview, they are confronted by Johnny (Dylan McDermott), who intends to kill them
Plot
2012
Johnny breaks into the boarded-up asylum, listening to an audiobook called Tales from Briarcliff, written and read by Lana. They imagine them telling them they could not wait to give them up and that they should never have been born. As they relate via audio that Oliver Thredson was an "unspeakable monster", Johnny imagines Thredson telling them that they loved them and that Lana kept them apart.
Then, Leo and Teresa enter the asylum as seen in "Welcome to Briarcliff". They end up at the cell where Johnny waits inside. They put on the Bloody Face mask, pulls out a machete, and chops off Leo's arm holding the camera-phone.
1971
Lana has become a television investigative reporter. They and their camera crew sneak into the asylum via the tunnel to film Briarcliff Exposed. They plan on rescuing Sister Jude after learning they were still alive. They film in the former kitchen, where an attendant catches them. Lana asks about Jude and imagines rescuing her, when, in reality, Jude had already been released. Lana goes to the office, searching through files scattered on the floor, to find Jude's file. They then goes to Kit Walker's residence after learning they were the one who got Jude out of Briarcliff. They relate to them what happened to Jude after they brought them home.
Kit helped Jude through detox of the asylum medication. They then relapsed into an insane authoritarian and chased their children, Thomas and Julia, with a broom. They tried to send the kids out of the room to protect them, but instead they both led Jude by hand out to the nearby woods. Later, with their mind inexplicably healed, Jude bonds with the family, becoming a surrogate grandmother to the children. Jude is truly happy for the first time in their life. Six months later, Jude suddenly dies due to a kiss from the Angel of Death, which they are finally ready for.
2013
Lana is getting ready for a television interview about their career. The interview is held in their spacious New York City apartment where they live with their new life-partner Marian, a famous opera singer who leaves for work. The young interviewer, April Mayfield, wishes to begin by discussing Oliver Thredson, but Lana refuses by saying they have become a "household name" and is undeserving of further mention. They instead discuss Lana's career change from print to television and their exposé of Briarcliff. April praises them for shutting down the asylum but Lana wished for a different ending to the piece by finding Jude there. Lana momentarily stops the interview and asks for water, which is delivered by a member of the crew – Johnny.
The interview resumes about Lana's exposing of Timothy Howard in the 1970s (he had since been anointed as the Cardinal of New York), with their knowledge of Dr. Arden's experiments and the general mistreatment of the asylum patients. Howard denied the allegations on camera, but later kills themselves at home by slashing their wrists in a bathtub. April listens as Lana admits to lying in their book about their baby's death as well as certain details about their life and sexual orientation. Lana mentions saving Johnny as a boy from a bully in the 1970s. They chose not to stay in touch with him, but often thought about him.
Lana also mentions Kit developing pancreatic cancer in the 1980s, and that one day they just disappeared, never to be seen again. It is shown that Kit was in fact taken from their home by aliens. April ends the interview for the day and they and their crew leave Lana alone in the apartment, but Lana pours two drinks. They know someone has stayed behind – Johnny. They knew who they were after the police previously showed their picture to them They were investigating someone breaking into Thredson's former house in Massachusetts, killing the occupants, and living in it. Johnny tells them that they knew they were their mother after they approached them that day on the playground when they were a boy.
Their hatred for their mother began when they purchased Thredson's taped confession to their online, and Thredson begging Lana not to abort the pregnancy. They put a gun to their head, but they convince them that they are not a killer like their father. They lower the gun and breaks down in tears, admitting that he's hurt people. Lana tells them that it's not their fault before turning the gun on him, insisting that it's their fault and proceeds to shoot them in the head, killing him.
1964
Flashing back to the events of the season premiere, shortly after Lana visited Briarcliff, Sister Jude cautions Lana about their desire to question a killer coming into the asylum. Prior to both of them leaving, Jude states, "If you look in the face of evil, evil's going to look right back at you." Lana simply looks at Jude and smiles. The Virgin Mary statue is seen while Sister Jude smiles and "Dominique" begins playing.
Production
"Madness Ends" is written by executive producer Tim Minear and directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon.
In a January 2013 interview with Entertainment Weekly, series co-creator Ryan Murphy spoke about their original vision for the episode, "When I pitched this season, the original final episode was all just going to be Act One. It was gonna be a longer version of that. The original finale was gonna be Sarah Paulson now free, a Jacqueline Susann / Truman Capote type, gets a kick in their conscience from Kit and goes back in and shuts that down. And we were gonna have the whole last hour be a documentary of them doing that. But I think when we were working on that I thought, 'I don't want to see feces smeared people for an hour. It's so grim.' So we abandoned that around Episode 10. We thought, 'Let's give Jude a happy ending. Let's make that one act. But let's really make the last act Paulson vs. "Bloody Face".' So we broke that out early on but kept the original idea. I was thrilled with the changes. I was very thrilled with how emotional it was. Some of that was [FX Network president] John Landgraf who felt very strongly that Kit needed to go back in and get Sister Jude out not for themselves but for their children. That dialogue was all sort of John's that I thought was very beautiful. Tim [Minear] did a breath-taking script. It just all came together."
Reception
"Madness Ends" received a 1.3 18–49 ratings share and was watched by 2.29 million viewers in its original American broadcast, slightly lower than the previous episode.
Rotten Tomatoes reports an 88% approval rating, based on 17 reviews. The critical consensus reads, "The unexpectedly subtle "Madness Ends" provides a satisfying ending to Asylum with a twisted sort of empathy and sensitivity, though attempts to underscore its harrowing socio-medical commentary prove unsubstantial." Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club stated, "These last two episodes haven't so radically changed my opinion of American Horror Story as to blind me to its weird storytelling lurches and haphazard character development, but they have increased my belief in what this show is capable of. Where once I saw a goofy lark that could occasionally turn out a fun, twist-laden episode, I now see a show that has ambitions beyond simply trying to make people laugh and/or shriek in equal manner." Matt Fowler of IGN commented, "'Madness Ends' did that unexpected thing of making you realize that you cared about characters you never knew you cared about so much. Not everything about Asylum worked, but this final chapter made me glad I spent quality time with lunatics."
References
External links
"Madness Ends" at TV Guide.com
Fiction set in 1964
Fiction set in 1971
Fiction set in 2012
American Horror Story: Asylum episodes
2013 American television episodes
Filicide in fiction
Television episodes set in New York City
Television episodes written by Tim Minear
Cratillus, son of Machatas ( Kratillos tou Machata) was a 3rd century BC gymnasiarch from the ancient city of Nikaia ond of the main settlements of the Illyrian tribe of the Bylliones.
Biography
Their name is mentioned once in an inscription found in Nikaia, modern Klos, Mallakastër. The inscription dates to the 3rd century BC. In this inscription Kratyllos bears the title of the gymnasiarch named, while their father's name (Machatas) is also mentioned in the same sentence:
A second-century inscription was found in the Oropos, central Greece, where a young man from the city of Nikaia was the first to be listed among the winners of the Amphiaraos festival. "It was also an honor for the city gymnasium, where the champion was prepared."
See also
Illyria
Illyrians
Illyrian kingdom
Illyrian education
Culture of ancient Illyria
References
Illyrians
Matt Floyd (born 30 November 1980) is a British broadcaster who works for Sky Sports.
During their TV career, they have presented coverage of several major sporting events including the 2015 Cricket World Cup and the Indian Premier League. They were the main television presenter of Cricket AM with Sarah-Jane Mee.
Early life
Floyd was born in London, England, and was educated at University College School in London. They obtained a 2:1 degree in classics from Keble College, Oxford. Floyd played first-class cricket while studying at Oxford, making their debut for Oxford UCCE against Middlesex at Oxford in 2001. They made a further three first-class appearances for Oxford UCCE, as well as playing for Oxford University against Cambridge University in The University Match of 2001, a match in which they made their only first-class century with a score of 128 not out.
Television broadcasting career
Floyd presented Cricket AM, the cricket version of Soccer AM, for Sky Sports.
They regularly present the coverage of the Indian Premier League (IPL). Although they specialise in cricket they have also been the main presenter for Sky Sports coverage of Spanish football's La Liga.
 They are a regular contributor to the Sky Sports blogs, especially during the Indian Premier League season. They have been referred to as having the 'hardest job' in IPL broadcasting. They have also hosted the prestigious English Cricket Board 'Coach of the Year' Awards.
Charity participation
They have played in several celebrity charity cricket events, including at their cricket club Hampstead CC, with other celebrities including Tom Felton and Jim Carter. They also participated in the 'Strictly Come Cricket' match at Wormsley Park with Andy Caddick, Matthew Hoggard and John Emburey for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Notes and references
1980 births
Living people
People educated at University College School
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford MCCU cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
British sports broadcasters
English television presenters
English cricket commentators
Badedeorail Fultali Kamil Madrasa (, ) is an Islamic educational institution located in Zakiganj, Sylhet District, Bangladesh. The madrasa was founded in 1920, and is now affiliated with the Islamic Arabic University for degree and honours programmes.
Location
The madrasa is located in the northeasternmost upazila of Bangladesh, Zakiganj, in the village of Badedeorail.
History
The Badedeorail Madrasa was established by Mawlana Fatir Ali who was a descendant of Shah Ala Bakhsh, a notable Bengali Muslim scholar from the Mughal period. Initially, Ali was responsible for the teaching programmes at Badedeorail Mosque, and eventually the project expanded with the building of a separate madrasa. Its establishment was dependent upon the land donations of Asaddar Ali Chowdhury, Ajab Ali Chowdhury, Aqaddas Ali Chowdhury, Sakhayat Ali Chowdhury, Ghiyathuddin Chowdhury and Khurshid Ali Chowdhury. Later on, the madrasa campus was extended through the land donation of Abdul Latif Chowdhury Fultali, who also put much effort into the development of the madrasa.
After Fatir Ali's death, the next principal was Muqaddas Ali Chowdhury of Mansurpur. They were succeeded by Tayyabur Rahman Chowdhury of Balaut, who dedicated their life to the madrasa. In their term, the number of students increased to a great number. On the request of the locals, the next muhtamim was Fatir Ali's paternal uncle Shah Abdul Majid Chowdhury. The latter employed Master Sayyid Ali Chowdhury Mansurpuri, Qari Sayyid Ali Palashpuri and Habibullah Bhadeshwari as teachers at the madrasa. Abdul Majid was succeeded by Muhammad Abdul Wahid Chowdhury, who served a long term.
Although the establishment of the madrasa gained much repute, a while later its progress was disrupted and it likely closedd down. After the Partition of India, Abdul Latif Chowdhury returned from Badarpur, Assam back to their home village of Fultali, Zakiganj. Through their efforts and patronship, a new stage of the madrasa's history began. Fultali undertook the role of muhtamim (president) around 1950. In 1959, the madrasa achieved Dakhil (secondary) status from the East Pakistan Madrasah Education Board. In 1975, the madrasa was destroyed by the Kalboishakhi storms. Effectively, Fultali re-established the madrasa. They were succeeded by their son, Muhammad Najmuddin Chowdhury, after their death.
In 2021, madrassa organised a centenary celebration and a memorial publication has been completed. The memorial was presented by the President of Bangladesh Abdul Hamid, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina, several ministers and politicians. The programme was attended by Minister of Planning Muhammad Abdul Mannan, Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change Md. Shahab Uddin, former Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid and many others. Notable academicians from Egypt, India and Pakistan were also present.
Educational facilities
In 1977, the madrasa achieved Alim (college) status from the Bangladesh Madrasah Education Board. It achieved Fazil (undergraduate) status in 1989, Kamil Hadith (post-graduate in Hadith studies) status in 1994 and Kamil Tafsir (post-graduate in Quranic exegesis) in 2001. Although the Dakhil and Alim certificates were recognised by the Government of Bangladesh as equivalents to SSC and HSC respectively, Fazil and Kamil were not equated with Bachelor's degree and Master's degree prior to 2006. In 2005, the Fazil and Kamil madrasas demanded that the value of these certificates be recognised. The movement also became active demanding the establishment of an independent Arabic university. In this latter demand, Abdul Latif Chowdhury Fultali led a long march from Sylhet to Dhaka in 2006. In the same year, the Government recognised the value of Fazil and Kamil certificates as B.A. and M.A., assigning it under the Islamic University of Bangladesh. In 2010, the Government introduced 4-year Fazil courses for 31 madrasas across the country, including the Fultali madrasas. The madrasa is currently under the syllabus of Islamic Arabic University.
See also
Darul Hadis Latifiah
References
Educational institutions established in 1920
1920 establishments in Asia
Education in Sylhet District
Zakiganj Upazila
Alia madrasas of Bangladesh
Bulverton is a small hamlet on the outskirts of Sidmouth, Devon, England.
Area Information
Bulverton comprises low-density residential housing, areas of farmland and a wooded plantation and is connected by road to Sidmouth by the B3176.
During the Sidmouth Folk Week the area is the location of the Bulverton Late Night Extra.
Since 1963 much of the Bulverton area has fallen under the East Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty:
History
At the time of William the Conqueror, the hamlet formed part of the extensive Otterton Manor lands, owned by the monastery of Mont Saint-Michel in Normandy. The Otterton Cartulary, which listed ecclesiastical holdings in the medieval period, records 'Eduart de Boluorton' and Ricard de Boluorton' ploughing ferlings for the Prior. In 1415 Bulverton and other land and possessions of the Otterton Manor passed to the Abbey of Sion in Middlesex. By the reign of Edward IV, Bulverton is listed within the Manor of Sidmouth, but the tenants still owed fealty to the Abbess of Sion. The Manor Court Roll of 1467 recorded that William Goule of Bolferton fell foul of the local assize when they were caught brewing inferior ale by the ale-taster and duly fined. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the Manor of Sidmouth, including the farms at Bulverton, passed into private ownership. In the late 18th Century, the Manor of Sidmouth was acquired by Thomas Jenkins, and successive owners expanded the estate. At Bulverton, generations of the same families continued to farm the land as tenants - the Gigg family at Bulverton Farm (now Bulverton House) while the Coles family occupied Bulverton Well Farm. In the early 1950's the two farms, together with other historic cottages in the hamlet, were put up for sale when the Manor estate was dispersed.
The view from Bulverton Hill is thought to have inspired 19th century poet and hymn writer John Keble who was a frequent visitor to Sidmouth. Keble's Seat at Bulverton Hill is named after them and commands a panoramic view of the Lower Otter Valley and Dartmoor in the distance.
Railway
The former Sidmouth Railway station is nearby, with the embankment still visible in certain areas. A proposed cycle route involving Sustrans may use part of the embankment in the future to link outlying towns and villages to Sidmouth.
Climate
The Met Office has a climate station at Sidmouth in the generality of Bulverton that records the comparatively mild United Kingdom climate.
Gallery
References
External links
Sidmouth Folk Week
Hamlets in Devon
East Devon District
Jurassic Coast
A wildlife garden (or wild garden) is an environment created by a gardener that serves as a sustainable haven for surrounding wildlife. Wildlife gardens contain a variety of habitats that cater to native and local plants, birds, amphibians, reptiles, insects, mammals and so on. Establishing a garden that emulates the environment before the residence was built and/or renders the garden similar to intact wild areas nearby (rewilding) will allow natural systems to interact and establish an equilibrium, ultimately minimizing the need for gardener maintenance and intervention. Wildlife gardens can also play an essential role in biological pest control, and also promote biodiversity, native plantings, and generally benefit the wider environment.
In the history of gardening the term "wild garden" is more likely to refer to the sort of unstructured garden promoted by the influential Irish gardener and writer William Robinson, whose book The Wild Garden (1870) was very influential; the woodland garden is one legacy. Wildlife was only a peripheral concern of Robinson.
Habitats
Building a successful garden suitable for local wildlife is best accomplished through the use of multiple three-dimensional habitats with diverse structures that provide places for animals to nest and hide. Wildlife gardens may contain a range of habitats, including:
Log piles – Preferably located in a shady area, a pile of logs is a sanctuary for insects and other invertebrates, as well as reptiles and amphibians. The organic structure is a shelter for both protection and breeding. In addition to logs, garden debris may also be added around the garden to be used as a natural mulch, fertilizer, weed control, soil amendment, and habitat for arthropod predators.
Bird feeding stations and bird houses – A place for birds to eat and take shelter will increase the number of birds in the garden, which play a key role in biological pest control. Not only will food and shelter increase the survival rate of birds, but it will also ensure that they are healthy enough for a successful breeding season.
Bug boxes and bee hotels – Bundles of hollow stems (elderberry, Joe-Pye weed, bamboo) can be hung up as an alternate place of shelter and breeding for beneficial insects, such as the Mason bee, which are valuable pollinators.
Sources of water – A water feature, such as a pond, has the potential to support a large biodiversity of wildlife. To maximize the amount of wildlife attracted to the water feature, it should consist of ranging depths. Shallow areas are used by birds to drink and by insects and amphibians to lay eggs. Deeper areas provide habitat for aquatic insects and a place for amphibians, or even fish to swim.
Pollinators – Flowers rich in nectar will attract bees and butterflies into the garden, which is of particular importance given the dramatic reduction in pollinator populations in the US, Europe and elsewhere. Wildflower meadows are an alternative option for lawns in the garden and will serve as a sanctuary for pollinators. However, pollinating plants should not be confused with plants suitable for butterfly breeding.
Plant diversity – The garden should include a range of plant types to act as different habitats. A balance between ground cover, shrub, understory, and canopy species will allow different sized wildlife shelters that fit their individual needs. It is particularly important to use species that are native to the area or state, as native plants will more reliably be suited to insects and other invertebrates than many non-native plants; increased variety of insects is valuable both for its own sake and for birds and other predators.
Choice of plants
Although some exotics may also be included, as discussed in the previous section, wild gardens usually mostly feature a variety of native species. Generally, these will be a part of the pre-existing natural ecology of an area, making them easier to grow than most exotic species. Choosing native plants comes with an array of benefits for both plant and animal diversity, especially the ability to support native insect and fungal populations.
Ornamental plants on the market tend to lean toward “pest-free” plants, making it hard for native insects to adapt, and ultimately reducing their food supply. Decreases in insect populations due to excessive ornamental planting will discourage bird populations from inhabiting the particular area.
Invasive species can always prove problematic in the garden due to the absence of natural predators and their ability to reproduce rapidly. Without any measures of control, invasive species can easily overtake native species in the garden. Addressing invasive plants can be done a variety of ways; however, to ensure the least amount of damage to the surrounding ecosystem, this is best done by cutting down the plant, The debris from the invasive species can be piled and used as a home for smaller critters. In Australia, it has been found that invasive species such as Lantana (Lantana camara) can also provide refuge for bird species such as the superb fairywren (Malurus cyaneus) and silvereye (Zosterops lateralis), in the absence of native plant equivalents. Careful thought about how to balance invasive species management with what is best for urban biodiversity is needed for the best outcome in your garden.
In the Netherlands
Wildlife gardens in the Netherlands are called "heemtuinen". The first was created in 1925: Thijsse's Hof (Garden of Thijsse) in Bloemendaal, near Haarlem. It was gifted to Jac. P. Thijsse on the occasion of their 60th anniversary, and still exists today. The garden gives a display of about 800 plants native to the dune region of South Kennemerland, in which the garden is situated. It is said to be one of the oldest wildlife gardens of its sort in the world.
Nowadays some 25 wildlife gardens exist in the Netherlands.
See also
List of garden types
Backyard Wildlife Habitat
Butterfly gardening
Climate-friendly gardening
Native plant gardening
Natural landscaping
Permaculture
Wilderness (garden history)
References
External links
National Wildlife Federation: Garden for wildlife (USA)
Wild Ones: Native Plants, Natural Landscapes (USA)
Wild about Gardens (UK)
In-depth guide to all aspects of wildlife gardening (UK)
Wildscaping (California)
Backyards for Wildlife (Adelaide, Australia)
Comprehensive wildlife gardening guide for US, Canada and UK
Gardens for Wildlife Victoria(Australia)
Types of garden
Organic gardening
Conservation projects
Ecological restoration
Habitats
Wildlife
Theodor Szántó, also seen as Tivadar Szántó (3 June 18777 January 1934) was a Hungarian Jewish pianist and composer.
Life and career
Szántó was born in Vienna, then the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Their family name was originally Smulevic, of Jewish and Slavic origin. Their musical studies were in Vienna and Budapest, and with Ferruccio Busoni in Berlin 1898-1901. They resided in Paris from 1905, Switzerland from 1914, and Budapest from 1921 until their death there in 1934.
Szántó contributed substantially to the rewriting of the piano part of the third and final version of Frederick Delius's Piano Concerto in C minor, and they introduced this version at a Prom Concert in London on 22 October 1907 under Henry Wood. For these services, Delius dedicated the Concerto to Szántó. They also played the work at the Proms in 1912, 1913 and 1921. This final version has become the standard version, but Delius's original conception has also been recorded.
Theodor Szántó was an early champion of the music of Zoltán Kodály and Béla Bartók. It was their playing of Bartók's Romanian Dance in 1914 that introduced Arthur Hartmann to the music of that composer. For their part, however, Bartók had little respect for Szántó.
They exhibited an interest in the music of Japan by writing at least three works using Japanese influences (an opera, an orchestral suite, and a piano suite).
They also made some piano transcriptions of works by Johann Sebastian Bach and Igor Stravinsky, which reveal a virtuoso technique. Their complete piano works are recorded by the composer and virtuoso pianist Artur Cimirro for the CD label Acte Préalable
Szanto was considered an important piano teacher. Their students included Berta Alves de Sousa in Paris.
Szántó was awarded the Legion of Honour.
Compositions
Original works
Szántó's own original compositions include:
Violin Sonata, 1906
Land and Sea Symphony, 1909
Contrasts, piano suite, 1912
Variations on a Hungarian Folksong, piano, 1915
Symphonic Rhapsody, 1917
In Japan: Essays and Studies in Japanese Harmony based on Native Songs, piano, 1918-22 (This work has been recorded by Noriko Ogawa)
Taifun: A Japanese Tragedy in Three Acts an opera on a Japanese subject, set to a libretto by Menyhert Lengyel based on their play Typhoon; the opera was premiered in Mannheim on 29 November 1924, and had later productions in Antwerp, Budapest and Vienna
Japan Suite, orchestra, 1926
Magyarorszag: Concert Sonata in Hungarian style, violin and piano; dedicated to Eugène Ysaÿe
Transcriptions
Johann Sebastian Bach: About a dozen transcriptions, including:
Fantasia and Fugue in G minor, BWV 542, 1904 (This has been recorded by Cyprien Katsaris and Marc-André Hamelin)
Prelude and Fugue in A minor, BWV 543,1912
Prelude and Fugue in C minor, BWV 546, 1914
Passacaglia in C minor, BWV 582, 1932
4 Organ Chorale Preludes, c. 1900
Aus der Tiefe rufe ich
Ach bleib bei uns, Herr Jesu Christ, BWV 649
Jesu Leiden, Pein und Tod on Paul Stockmann's "Jesu Leiden, Pein und Tod"
Allein Gott in der Hoh sei Ehr, BWV 663
Igor Stravinsky:
Suite of five pieces from Petrushka, 1922
"Fète populaire de la semaine grasse"
"Chez Petrouchka"
"Chez le maure"
"Danse de la ballerina"
"Danse russe"
"Marche chinoise" from Le Rossignol
Discography
2017 : Acte Préalable AP0386 – Tivadar Szántó - Complete Piano Works 1 (Artur Cimirro)
2017 : Acte Préalable AP0387 – Tivadar Szántó - Complete Piano Works 2 (Artur Cimirro)
References
1877 births
1934 deaths
Hungarian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Hungarian Jews
Musicians from Vienna
Jewish classical composers
Jewish classical pianists
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Hungarian male classical composers
Hungarian classical composers
John J. Pinder Jr. (June 6, 1912 – June 6, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in World War II during the Battle of Normandy.
Biography
Pinder joined the Army from Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, and after initial training was assigned to Headquarters Company, 16th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division. In the vicinity of Gangi, Sicily, Pinder's heroic actions on 23 July 1943 earned them the Bronze Star Medal (Posthumously). By June 6, 1944, was serving as a Technician Fifth Grade. On that day, they participated in the Allied landings near Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Despite being twice wounded, Pinder refused medical attention and continued to gather communications equipment in order to establish a radio link on the beach before receiving a third and fatal wound. They were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor seven months later, on January 4, 1945.
Pinder, killed on their 32nd birthday, was buried in Grandview Cemetery, Florence, Pennsylvania. The U.S. Army barracks in Zirndorf, Germany, were named Pinder Barracks in their honor. Although these barracks were abandoned in the years after 1999, the name Pinder remained by decision of the city administration as the newly formed city district "Pinder Park".
US Army Transportation Corps coastal cargo ship FS 398 was named Cpl John J. Pinder Jr. in their honor.
Medal of Honor citation
Technician Pinder's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty on 6 June 1944, near Colleville-sur-Mer, France. On D-day, Technician 5th Grade Pinder landed on the coast 100 yards off shore under devastating enemy machinegun and artillery fire which caused severe casualties among the boatload. Carrying a vitally important radio, they struggled towards shore in waist-deep water. Only a few yards from their craft they were hit by enemy fire and was gravely wounded. Technician 5th Grade Pinder never stopped. They made shore and delivered the radio. Refusing to take cover afforded, or to accept medical attention for their wounds, Technician 5th Grade Pinder, though terribly weakened by loss of blood and in fierce pain, on 3 occasions went into the fire-swept surf to salvage communication equipment. They recovered many vital parts and equipment, including another workable radio. On the 3rd trip they were again hit, suffering machinegun bullet wounds in the legs. Still this valiant soldier would not stop for rest or medical attention. Remaining exposed to heavy enemy fire, growing steadily weaker, they aided in establishing the vital radio communication on the beach. While so engaged this dauntless soldier was hit for the third time and killed. The indomitable courage and personal bravery of Technician 5th Grade Pinder was a magnificent inspiration to the men with whom they served.
Military awards and other honors
Technician Fifth Grade John Joseph Pinder's awards include :
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
1912 births
1944 deaths
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People from McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania
United States Army non-commissioned officers
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Battle of Normandy recipients of the Medal of Honor
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
The following is a discography of production by Don Cannon.
Production credits
2005
Young Jeezy - Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101
6. "Go Crazy" (featuring Jay-Z)
2006
Young Jeezy - The Inspiration
14. "Mr. 17.5"
Claudette Ortiz - Non-album release
00. "Can't Get Enough" (featuring Mase)
Lil Scrappy - Bred 2 Die Born 2 Live
12. "Get Right" (featuring Yo Gotti)
Cassidy - Best Of The Hustla
00. "It Is What It Is" (Produced with Swizz Beatz)
2007
DJ Drama - Gangsta Grillz: The Album
5. "Cannon Remix" (featuring Lil Wayne, Freeway, T.I, and Willie The Kid)
8. "The Art of Storytellin' Part 4" (featuring Outkast, and Marsha Ambrosius)
14. "No More" (featuring T.I, and Lloyd)
16. "Throw Ya Sets Up" (featuring Yung Joc, Jadakiss, and Willie The Kid)
Freeway - Free At Last
12. "Walk Wit Me" (featuring Busta Rhymes, and Jadakiss)
Fabolous - From Nothin' to Somethin'
13. "Joke's On You" (featuring Pusha T)
50 Cent - Curtis
3. "Man Down"
2008
G-Unit - T.O.S.: Terminate on Sight
12. "Let It Go" (featuring Mavado)
Young Jeezy - The Recession
10. "Circulate"
Ludacris - Theater of the Mind
2. "Undisputed" (featuring Floyd Mayweather Jr.)
7. "Everybody Hates Chris" (featuring Chris Rock)
Dj Greg Street - Certified Worldwide
00. "Dope Boys (Remix)" (featuring Lupe Fiasco, Wale and Kardinall Official)
Asher Roth - Asleep in the Bread Aisle
4. "La Di Da"
2010
Macy Gray - The Sellout
11. "On & On" (Produced with Hit-Boy)
Sheek Louch - Donnie G: Don Gorilla
4. "Out The Ghetto"
CJ Hilton - Non-album release
00. "We Can Get It In" (Produced with Mars Of 1500 or Nothin')
2011
The Game - The R.E.D. Album
14. "All The Way Gone" (featuring Wale and Mario) (Produced with Mars Of 1500 or Nothin')
Estelle - All Of Me
7. "Break My Heart" (featuring Rick Ross) (Produced with Mars Of 1500 or Nothin')
2012
Maybach Music Group - Self Made 2
3. "This Thing Of Ours" (featuring Nas)
2 Chainz - Based on a T.R.U. Story
16. "I Feel Good"
2013
Pusha T - My Name Is My Name
2. "Numbers On the Board" (Produced with Kanye West, and 88 Keys)
Logic - Young Sinatra: Welcome to Forever
11. "Nasty"
2014
Young Jeezy - Seen It All
5. "Holy Ghost" (Produced with Lyle Leduff)
2015
Lil Uzi Vert - Luv Is Rage
1. "Safe House" (Produced with Maaly Raw)
7. "Top"
12. "Paradise"
WE55 - The Black Prince Charles
10. "Crazy"
2016
Lil Uzi Vert - Lil Uzi Vert Vs. The World
3. "Money Longer" (Produced with Maaly Raw)
4. "Grab The Wheel"
7. "Ps And Qs"
8. "Team Rocket" (Produced with Lyle Leduff)
Lil Uzi Vert - The Perfect LUV Tape
1. "Do What I Want" (Produced with Maaly Raw)
7. "You're Lost" (Produced with Slade Da Monsta)
8. "Erase Your Social" (Produced with Lyle Leduff)
10. "Seven Million" (Produced with Nard & B)
Mod Sun - Non-album release
00. "Smoking' What I'm Smokin' On" (featuring Rich the Kid and D.R.A.M)
Lyquin - The Other Side
2. "Confianza"
2017
Nick Grant - Return of the Cool
4. "All of You" (featuring B. Hess)
9. "Get Down (Poonana)"
Wale - Shine
6. "Colombia Heights (Te Llamo)" featuring J Balvin
DJ Drama - Shine
2. "Big Money (C4 Remix)" featuring Rich Homie Quan, Lil Uzi Vert and Skeme (Produced with C4)
4. "Audible" featuring WDNG Crshrs
Lil Uzi Vert - Luv Is Rage 2
1. "Two®" (Produced with Lil Uzi Vert and LeDuff)
3. "Sauce It Up" (Produced with Michael Piroli and BeldonDidThat)
4. "No Sleep Leak" (Produced with Cubeatz)
5. "The Way Life Goes" featuring Oh Wonder (Produced with Ike Beatz)
10. "UnFazed" featuring The Weeknd (Produced with DaHeala, The Weeknd, and Maaly Raw)
11. "Pretty Mami" (Produced with Illmind)
Lil Uzi Vert - Non-album release
00. "The Way Life Goes Remix" featuring Oh Wonder, and Nicki Minaj (Produced with Ike Beatz)
2018
Problem - S2
15. "Multiply" (featuring Mozzy and YBN Cordae) (Produced with JB minor and Cypress Merona)
Meek Mill - Championships
2. "Trauma"
Future and Juice Wrld - Wrld on Drugs
12. "WRLD On Drugs" (Produced with Oogie Mane and B Hunna)
Offset - Father of 4
12. "After Dark" (Produced with Metro Boomin , Allen Ritter and Dre Moon)
G Herbo - Humble Beast
2. "Black" (Produced with Maaly Raw and DP Beats)
3. "Bi Polar" (Produced with Watson The Great)
Killumantii - Yellow Tape
2. "Kill Em" (Produced with Oz Betaz)
5. "Envious" (featuring Juicy J)(Produced with Kill Beats)
Playboi Carti - Die Lit
15. "No time" (featuring Gunna)
2019
The Game - Born 2 Rap
10. "Gucci Flip Flops" (Produced with Swizz Beatz)
Jack Harlow - Confetti
3. "Ice" (Produced with 2Fowoyne)
7. "Goin Back Down" (Produced with 2Fowoyne)
Young Dolph - Role Model
8. "On God" (Produced with Rickie Lamar Thomas)
Seddy Hendrinx - Roots II
8. "Low Key"
2020
Lil Uzi Vert - Lil Uzi Vert vs. the World 2
2. "Lotus" (Produced with Oogie Mane and Treshaun Beats)
Tory Lanez - The New Toronto 3
5. "Dope Boy Diary" (Produced with Oogie Mane and Sean Momberger)
G Herbo - PTSD
1. "Intro" (Produced with Dopson)
G Herbo - PTSD
5. "Party In Heaven"(featuring Lil Durk) (Produced with Lyle LeDuff and Sean Momberger)
G Herbo - PTSD Deluxe Edition
5. "In A Minute" (Produced with Sean Momberger)
G Herbo - PTSD Deluxe Edition
11. "Trenches" (Produced with Sean Momberger)
Seddy Hendrinx - B.H.D. (Black Hearted Demon)
1. "Emotional Pt 2"
3. "Hands Down"
Black Soprano Family - Benny the Butcher & DJ Drama Present: The Respected Sopranos
8. "Its Over" featuring Benny the Butcher, Heems & Rick Hyde
Wiz Khalifa - The Saga of Wiz Khalifa (Deluxe)
3. "On Top"
5. "This Time Around"
Rapsody - Non-album release
00. "12 Problems"
Jeezy - The Recession 2
2. "Here We Go" (Produced with Sean Momberger)
3. "Modern Day"
4. "Back" (Produced with Cubeatz)
Symba - Don't Run From R.A.P.
11. "Westside Story"
24hrs and DJ Drama - 12 AM in Atlanta 2
9. "Love Atlanta" featuring Nessly
2021
Fedd The God - Non-album release
00. "42"
Conway The Machine - La Maquina
4. "Clarity"
9. "Scatter Brain" featuring Ludacris and JID
Big Sean - What You Expect
4. "Loyal To A Fault" featuring Bryson Tiller and Lil Durk
Childish Major - Thank You, God. For it all.
4. "Down South"
G Herbo - 25
8. "Whole Hearts"
Rick Ross - Richer Than I Have Ever Been
6. "Wiggle"
References
External links
Don Cannon at Discogs
Hip hop discographies
Production discographies
Discographies of American artists
Dan Amuke (born 5 November 1949) was a Kenyan sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1949 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Kenyan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Place of birth missing
Lorenzo Ruiz Academy, () formerly known as the Crusaders' Academy, is a Filipino-Chinese Catholic school in Ongpin Street corner E.T. Yuchengco Street, Binondo, City of Manila. The school was founded by the Order of Preachers, also known as the Dominican Order, and opened its first gate in 1946. The school was named after Lorenzo Ruiz, the country's first Protomartyr. In 2016, it celebrated its 70th founding anniversary.
History
Parish of Binondo
On September 22, 1944, the American Air Forces, in its mission to free the city of Manila from the Japanese occupation, heavily bombarded the entire city. Unfortunately, the church and the convent in Binondo were not spared from the destruction. A great deal of valuable religious, historical items and records were also destroyed.
Notwithstanding the war, Fr. Antonio Garcia, O.P. parish priest for Chinese Catholics continued their apostolic work by celebrating daily masses and hearing confessions in the house of Mr. Jose Co-Ching-Yan. Their unselfishness and dedication to the spiritual well-being of their parishioners attracted many Chinese Catholics who felt the presence of God in their lives during the war years.
After the war and the situation returned to normal, Fr. Antonio Garcia, enlightened by the Holy Spirit, pushed for the restoration of the Parish of Binondo. They sought the assistance of Msgr. O'Doherty, then Archbishop of Manila, on how the Chinese Parish should be restructured. Finally, on April 27, 1945, a 700-meter area was granted for the purpose of constructing a new and small church exclusively for the Chinese residents of Manila.
On October 28, 1945, the blessings and inauguration of the church took place and Fr. Antonio's dream of having an exclusive parish for the Chinese of Manila became a reality, a reality that is very much alive and present to this very day.
Parish priests who have devoted their efforts to serving the Chinese community during and after the Second World War are Fr. Antonio Garcia, O.P.; Fr. Juan Fernandez, O.P.; Fr. Emilio Calderon, O.P.; Fr. Luis Sierra, O.P.; and Fr. Javier Arrazola, O.P.
Lorenzo Ruiz Academy
With the parish already established and organized, Fr. Antonio also felt the importance of evangelizing the youth. With this in mind, they devoted all their efforts to this cause. They felt the need to give them a genuine and strong Christian formation. To achieve this goal, they thought of putting up a school.
As expected, they faced a myriad of difficulties and problems. Nonetheless, Father Antonio was determined to go ahead with their plan and have it materialized. Their efforts paid off and on July 14, 1946, the Apostolic Nuncio Msgr. Guillermo Piani inaugurated the school under the name of Crusader's Academy, which was later changed to its present name Lorenzo Ruiz Academy in honor of St. Lorenzo Ruiz, the first canonized Filipino-Chinese Martyr, who also served in this parish.
Directors who have devoted their energies working for the formation of the youth in our school are Fr. Antonio Garcia, O.P.- Founder; Fr. Juan Fernandez, O.P.; Fr. Fabian Vela, O.P.; Fr. Juan Lera, O.P.; Fr. Dionisio Cabezon, O.P.; Fr. Florencio Testera, O.P.; and present Director Fr. Jerome Wu, O.P.
Curricula
K-12 Basic Education System
Since school year 2015-2016, the school complies with the K-12 Basic Education Curriculum implemented by the Department of Education and is now effective for all levels in Kindergarten, Elementary, High School departments. Additional senior high school year levels Grade 11 and Grade 12 will start in June 2016 and June 2017, respectively.
Chinese-language schools in Manila
High schools in Manila
Education in Binondo
Aimé Henri Konan Bédié (born 5 May 1934) is an Ivorian politician. They were President of the Ivory Coast from 1993 to 1999.  They are currently the President of the Democratic Party of the Ivory Coast - African Democratic Rally (PDCI-RDA).
Biography
Bédié was born in Dadiékro in Daoukro Department. After studying in France, they became Côte d'Ivoire's first ambassador to the United States and Canada following independence in 1960, and from 1966 to 1977 they served in the government as Minister of Economy and Finance. While serving as Finance Minister, Bédié became the first Chairman of the IMF and World Bank's joint Development Committee, holding that post from 1974 to 1976. They were a Special Advisor to the World Bank Group's International Finance Corporation from 1978 to 1980. In 1980, Bédié was elected to the National Assembly of Côte d'Ivoire, and they were then elected as President of the National Assembly in December 1980. They were re-elected as President of the National Assembly in 1985 and 1990.
As National Assembly President, Bédié succeeded long-time President Félix Houphouët-Boigny. They announced that they were assuming the presidency on state television a few hours after Houphouët-Boigny's death on December 7, 1993. A brief power struggle between Bédié and Prime Minister Alassane Ouattara ensued; Bédié was successful and Ouattara resigned as Prime Minister on December 9. Bédié was subsequently elected as President of the PDCI in April 1994. Per the Constitution, they served as acting president for the balance of Houphouët-Boigny's seventh term.
As President, Bédié encouraged national stability but was accused of political repression and stratospheric levels of corruption. In the October 1995 presidential election, the electoral code was amended to require presidential candidates to have been born of two Ivorian parents and have resided in the country for five years prior to the election. These provisions were thought to have been aimed at Ouattara. They had resided in the United States since 1990 while serving as deputy managing director of the International Monetary Fund, and their father was rumoured to be Burkinabe. The two main opposition parties, the Rally of the Republicans (RDR) and the Ivorian Popular Front (FPI), decided to boycott the election, and Bédié won the election with 96% of the vote.
Bédié was overthrown in a military coup on December 24, 1999, after they rejected the demands of soldiers who rebelled on December 23; one of these demands was for the release of members of the RDR. Retired general Robert Guéï became president. Bédié fled to a French military base before leaving Côte d'Ivoire by helicopter on December 26 and going to Togo, along with family members. Upon their arrival at the airport in Lomé, they were greeted by Togolese President Gnassingbé Eyadéma.
Bédié departed Togo on January 3, 2000 and went to Paris. The PDCI announced in early 2000 that it would hold a congress to choose new leadership, and Bédié denounced this as a "putsch"; the party decided to retain Bédié in the leadership, however. An international arrest warrant for Bédié and Niamien N'Goran, who had served under Bédié as Finance Minister, was issued in early June 2000 for alleged theft of public funds. Speaking on French television, Bédié said that they were not worried that they might be returned to Côte d'Ivoire to face trial at the hands of a government that they deemed illegal, expressing their "faith in the law of France".
They registered as a candidate in the October 2000 presidential election, although Emile Constant Bombet, who had served as Interior Minister under Bédié, defeated them for the PDCI presidential nomination in August. Bédié was barred from running by the Constitutional Court, along with Bombet, and on October 10 Bédié called for a boycott of the election.
On June 23, 2001, Laurent Gbagbo, who had been elected President in the 2000 election, met with Bédié in Paris and urged them to return to Côte d'Ivoire. They eventually returned on October 15, 2001. A few days later, the 11th Ordinary Congress of the PDCI was postponed indefinitely at their request.
Bédié spoke at a national reconciliation forum on November 12, 2001. They attributed the country's political crisis to the December 1999 coup and they urged all Ivorian politicians to denounce the coup. They also said that the nationalistic concept of Ivorité, which was promoted during their presidency, was an attempt to bolster "cultural identity" and not a means of political exclusion. According to critics of Ivorité, it was divisive, xenophobic, and intended to eliminate political competition from Ouattara—who was claimed to be the son of Burkinabé parents—but Bédié rejected this criticism. When the PDCI Congress was eventually held in April 2002, Bédié defeated Laurent Dona Fologo for the party leadership; they received 82% of the vote.
Bédié later spent another year in France, returning to Côte d'Ivoire on September 11, 2005. Upon their return, they said that President Gbagbo should not remain in office after the end of their term in October 2005 and that a transitional government should be installed.
In an interview with Agence France Presse on May 20, 2007, they said that they would be the PDCI candidate in the next presidential election, which was then expected to be held in 2008.
Bédié addressed a rally in Dabou on September 22, 2007, in which they declared the need for a "shock treatment" to return the country to normal, promised to restore the economy, and strongly criticized Gbagbo.
In June 2020 Bédié announced that they would run in the October presidential election on behalf of the Democratic Party of Côte d'Ivoire.
See also
Civil war in Côte d'Ivoire
References
1934 births
Ivorian diplomats
Presidents of the National Assembly (Ivory Coast)
Leaders ousted by a coup
Living people
Presidents of Ivory Coast
Finance ministers of Ivory Coast
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to Canada
Ambassadors of the Ivory Coast to the United States
Democratic Party of Côte d'Ivoire – African Democratic Rally politicians
People from Lacs District
University of Poitiers alumni
World Bank Group people
20th-century Ivorian politicians
21st-century Ivorian politicians
Jonathan Taylor (1796April 1848) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1839 to 1841.
Biography
Born near Mansfield, Connecticut, Taylor moved to Newark, Ohio.
They completed an academic course.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Newark.
They were appointed by the Governor a commissioner to settle the boundary dispute between Ohio and Michigan.
Brigadier general in the State militia.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1831–1833.
They served in the State senate 1833–1836.
Taylor was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1839 – March 3, 1841).
They died in Newark, Ohio, in April 1848.
They were interred in the Old Cemetery.
They were reinterred in Cedar Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1796 births
1848 deaths
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
People from Ohio in the War of 1812
American surveyors
American militia generals
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio
People from Mansfield, Connecticut
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Bube is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andreas Bube (born 1987), Danish middle-distance runner
Richard H. Bube (1927–2018), American scientist and writer
See also
Bube language, a Bantu language
The Société française de l'Afrique équatoriale (French for "the French Equatorial African Association"), fully the Société française de l'Afrique équatoriale, Niger, et Benoué, was a 19th-century colonial French company involved in the palm oil trade in Nigeria.
The company was founded in 1878 by the Parisian firm Huchet & Desprez with a capitalization of 800 000 F. It first agents in Nigeria was the explorer Charles, Comte de Semellé (1815–1896); after their retirement in 1880, they were succeeded by Commandant Mattei of the French army. Along with the Senegal Company, the SFAE received subsidies from the Léon Gambetta administration and was intended to establish French claims on the lower Niger. At its height, it operated 19 trading posts along the Niger and Benue rivers. Following a years-long price war and Gambetta's death in 1882, the company sold its interests in the region to the British United African Company in October 1884.
References
Defunct shipping companies of France
Gillingarra Important Bird Area is an 83 km2 tract of land in the wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is located near Mogumber and Koogan on the former Midland Railway line.
It includes the nature reserves of Gillingarra and Koodjee with a large area of privately owned farmland. It has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA) because it supports up to 20 breeding pairs of the endangered Carnaby's black-cockatoo which nest in marri trees and feed in native shrublands. It also supports populations of the western corella, red-capped parrot, western spinebill and western yellow robin.
Description
The boundaries of the IBA are defined by areas of suitable nesting habitat and associated feeding habitat for the cockatoos. The site comprises isolated marri paddock trees that provide nesting sites for the cockatoos with a large area of intact proteaceous heath that provide food sources for nesting birds. The area lies at an altitude of 205–240 m above sea level and has a Mediterranean climate.
References
Wheatbelt (Western Australia)
Important Bird Areas of Western Australia
Akuse is a town in the Lower Manya Krobo district of the Eastern Region of Ghana situated between Tema and Akosombo.
It is a fast growing community thanks to a number of companies operating from the area which is attracting skill and capital.
The community hosts a number of public institutions as well including Ghana Prisons, Ghana Health Service, Meteorological Services and Ghana Police Service.
The Kpong Hydro Generation Plant is located in Akuse and managed by the Volta River Authority (VRA).
Climate
References
https://citinewsroom.com/2019/01/07/youth-donate-to-prison-to-climax-akuse-youth-festival-2018/
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
The following is a list of Fangoria Chainsaw Award winners for Best Actor. It is awarded annually to an actor for their work in a horror or thriller film.
Winners and nominees
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
External links
Website
A
Film awards for lead actor
The Critics' Choice Prize was a New Zealand Music Awards prize awarded to New Zealand musical artists who were expected to be successful in the music industry in the future. To be eligible for the award, an artist must have neither released a studio album nor have been nominated for a New Zealand Music Award in the past.
The prize was judged by a panel of 13 music-industry critics. The winner was decided at a live event held at the Kings Arms tavern in Auckland. Each of the three shortlisted artists performs, then the judges deliberated and the prize was presented. The prize included a $10,000 NZ On Air grant and mentoring from industry professionals. The prize was first awarded in 2010 to Street Chant and last awarded in 2016 to Scuba Diva. In 2017, Recorded Music New Zealand confirmed that the Critic's Choice Prize would not be awarded that year and the award would be reevaluated.
Recipients
References
Awards established in 2010
Critics' Choice Prize
2010 establishments in New Zealand
Boston State College was a public university located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
History
Boston State College's roots began with the Girls' High School, which was founded in 1852. In 1872, the Boston Normal School separated from Girls' High School and became an independent institution, although it still occupied the building alongside the high school and Girls' Latin School. The Normal School was renamed the Teachers College of the City of Boston in 1924. In 1952, it became a state college, the State Teachers College at Boston. The college was renamed the State College at Boston, also known as Boston State College, in 1960. Boston State College merged with University of Massachusetts Boston in 1982. After the merger, in the mid-1980s, its former main campus, located at 621 Huntington Avenue, was acquired by the Massachusetts College of Art, and serves as that institution's primary campus.
Notable alumni
Jack Beatty – writer and radio commentator
Bill Berglund – ice hockey player
Edward G. Connolly – politician
Peter Petrigno – politician, teacher, and community organizer.
Michael L. Coyne – lawyer
Richard Curwin – professor
Daniel Anthony Hart – prelate
Mel King – politician, teacher, and community organizer
Bruce Lehane – Cross-country coach at Boston University
Dan Rea – television and radio journalist
Francis Roache – Boston Police Commissioner from 1985 to 1993
Edward F. Shea – federal judge
Anna Tolman Smith – educator, writer, editor
Robert Travaglini – politician
John Tsang – civil servant and Financial Secretary of Hong Kong
Gladys Wood – Boston Public Schools' first Black principal
Mike Gorman Boston Celtics play-by-play announcer
External links
UMass Boston: Boston State College
Boston State College collection, 1900-1982, University Archives and Special Collections, Joseph P. Healey Library, University of Massachusetts Boston
Boston State College (and predecessors) yearbooks, 1917-1982
Boston State College newspaper (Chalkdust), 1954-1971
Defunct universities and colleges in Massachusetts
Universities and colleges in Boston
Embedded educational institutions
Educational institutions established in 1872
Educational institutions disestablished in 1982
1872 establishments in Massachusetts
1982 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Christian Coste (born 23 February 1949 in Saint-Christol, Hérault) is a former professional French footballer.
External links
1949 births
Living people
French footballers
France international footballers
Ligue 1 players
FC Sète 34 players
Lille OSC players
Stade de Reims players
Stade Lavallois players
French football managers
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. managers
FC Annecy managers
JS Kabylie managers
Association football forwards
Charles Robert Kidder (born 1945), was chairperson and CEO of 3Stone Advisors LLC, and later chairperson of Chrysler Group LLC and has previously served as CEO of Duracell, CEO of Borden, Inc., and serves on the board of Merck and Morgan Stanley.
Career
At the time of their appointment, Kidder was Chairman and CEO of 3Stone Advisors LLC, an investment firm that focuses on clean-tech companies. They hold an M.S. Industrial Economics from Iowa State University and a B.S. Industrial Engineering from the University of Michigan. Kidder is an alumnus of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity, having been initiated at its Michigan chapter as an undergraduate.
They reside with their family in Columbus, Ohio.
References
Chrysler executives
Directors of Morgan Stanley
Living people
University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni
1945 births
American chief executives of food industry companies
American chief executives of manufacturing companies
Iowa State University alumni
This following is list of awards and honors received by Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States.
Academic degrees
Honorary
Liberty University - Doctor of Business Administration (2012)
Liberty University - Doctor of Laws (2017)
Honorary (Revoked)
Robert Gordon University - Doctor of Business Administration (conferred 2010; revoked 2015)
Lehigh University - Doctor of Laws (conferred 1988; revoked 2021)
Wagner College - Doctor of humane letters (conferred 2004; rescinded 2021)
Awards and honors
Organizational
Humanitarian Award by the National Jewish Health (1976)
Tree of Life Award by the Jewish National Fund (1983)
Ellis Island Medal of Honor for their work as a successful developer in New York City (1986)
President's Medal by the Freedom Foundation for their support of youth programs (1995)
Muhammad Ali Entrepreneur Award (2007)
Unicorn Children's Foundation Shining Star Award (2008)
Palm Tree Award by the Palm Beach Police Foundation (2010)
Presidential Hero Award by the Lois Pope LIFE Foundation (2011)
The Algemeiner Liberty Award for contributions to Israel–United States relations (2015)
Marine Corps–Law Enforcement Foundation Commandant's Leadership Award (2015)
Friends of Zion Award by The Friends of Zion Museum (2017)
Wounded Warrior Project Award in commemoration of Trump's support for the group during the 2018 Soldier Ride (2018)
Bipartisan Justice Award for signing the First Step Act into law (2019)
Ig Nobel Prize (2020)
Halls of Fame
Gaming Hall of Fame (1995)
Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6801 Hollywood Boulevard in the Television Category (2007)
WWE Hall of Fame (2013)
New Jersey Boxing Hall of Fame (2015)
Atlantic City Boxing Hall of Fame (2018)
Media
Time Person of the Year (2016)
Financial Times Person of the Year (2016)
Sports Business Journal Most Influential Person in Sports Business (2017)
Two-time Gallup Poll Most Admired Man (2019 - shared with Barack Obama, 2020)
State/Local
Kentucky Colonel from Kentucky (2012)
International
Presidential Order of Excellence from the nation of Georgia (2012)
Collar of The Order of Abdulaziz al Saud from Saudi Arabia (2017)
Donald J. Trump Boulevard named in the suburb of Kamez north of Tirana, Albania and honorary citizen of Kamez, Tirana, Albania (2017)
Temple Coin featuring Trump (alongside King Cyrus) from the Mikdash Educational Center in honor of Trump recognizing Jerusalem as the country's capital (2018)
Medal of Bravery, from the Afghan people by Logar Province (2018)
Trump Heights, Golan Heights, Israel. Golan Eagle placed adjacent to the entrance to Trump Heights in honor of Donald J. Trump (2020)
Trump Square in Petah Tikva, Israel, named in honour of Donald Trump for recognizing Jerusalem as the country's capital (2019)
Order of Freedom from Kosovo (2020)
Order of Muhammad from Morocco (2021)
Notes
References
Awards and honors
Trump
Awards and honors
Rafic may refer to:
Rafic Charaf (1932–2003), Lebanese painter
Rafic Hariri (1944–2005), Prime Minister of Lebanon, 1992–1998 and 2000–2004
Rafic Nahra (born 1959), Lebanese priest of the Catholic Church
Mayan Rafic (born 1995), Israeli windsurfer
See also
Beirut - Rafic Hariri International Airport (IATA: BEY, ICAO: OLBA)
Rafic Hariri Stadium, multi-use stadium in the Manara district of Beirut, Lebanon
Rafik
Rafiq
Refik
Sir Peter Derek Carr CBE (12 July 1930 - 21 October 2017) was a British public servant who had a career in National Health Service management and industrial relations. They were a founding director of Acas. They were chairperson of the Northern Regional Health Authority. They were a deputy lieutenant of Durham and knighted in 2007.
References
1930 births
2017 deaths
National Health Service people
People from Mexborough
English civil servants
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
Deputy Lieutenants of Durham
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
The Werdauer-Greizer forest, also known as the Greiz-Werdauer forest or the Werdauer forest, is the conservation forests around Greiz and Werdau and is one of the largest closed forest areas in Western Saxony and eastern Thuringia.
Location
The 62 km² large forested area extends mainly between the valley of the Pleiße and the White Elster. On its northern edge in Thuringia flows the Krebsbach.
The northern spur forms the forest area near the village Trünzig.
West of Greiz the Quirlbach forms a section of the conservation boundary. In the west, the forest area extends beyond the edge of the Elster Valley and ends southeast of the village Daßlitz. The northeastern tip of Werdau with the headwaters of the north adjacent Meiselbach goes into the Leubnitzer Waldsiedlung whose undeveloped area before 1945 still belonged to the Trünzig state forest.
The forest borders the city of Werdau (Saxony) to the northeast and Greiz (Thuringia) to the southwest. In the middle of the forest there is a clearing, where the settlement Waldhaus is located.
The common border of the states of Saxony and Thuringia runs from Teichwolframsdorf going in a north-south direction along a road in the direction of Reudnitz through the forest.
Conservation area
The former Gera district created a conservation area in the Thuringian part of the forest in 1961. The Werdauer forest on the Saxon side was declared a conservation in 1968 by the administration of the former Karl-Marx-Stadt district.
Gallery
References
Forests and woodlands of Germany
Forests and woodlands of Saxony
Mitrula paludosa (syn. Mitrula phalloides), the swamp beacon (US) or bog beacon, (UK) is a species of fungus. It is inedible.
Habitat
These mushrooms are found in swamps and bogs across North America in the cooler climates of south-eastern Canada, New England south to the Mason–Dixon line, and much of the mid-western United States. Also present in Europe from the British Isles to Eastern Europe.
On the West Coast of the United States, the Mitrula elegans looks similar.
Identification
Many related species of Mitrula look identical without microscopic study. The cap or club is yellow with a white stalk (possibly with some pink coloration). It is around 2-3 mm wide, and up to 4 cm tall.
References
External links
Images of the bog beacon in the UK
Bog beacon locations in Northern Ireland
Photographs with many European language translations of the name
Helotiales
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Inedible fungi
Sir Anthony Stuart Jolliffe (born 12 August 1938) was Lord Mayor of London from 1982 to 1983. They were appointed as a Deputy Lieutenant of the County of Dorset on 5 April 2006. In 2013 upon reaching the Mandatory retirement age of 75 They were transferred to the retired list. This gave them the Post Nominal Letters "DL" for Life. They were knighted as a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) in the Civil Division in October 1982. They were made a Knight of Justice of the Order of St John (K.StJ) in October 1982.
References
1938 births
Living people
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Knights of Justice of the Order of St John
20th-century lord mayors of London
Aldermen of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
Deputy Lieutenants of Dorset
British accountants
Place of birth missing (living people)
Evan Louro (born January 19, 1996) is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Cincinnati in Major League Soccer.
Career
Youth
Louro attended St. John Vianney High School in Holmdel Township, New Jersey, prior to their three-year career at the University of Michigan. During their time with the Wolverines soccer team, Louro played in 46 matches, earning 12 shutouts. They were also a member of the New York Red Bulls Academy for seven years during their youth, and helped lead the Red Bulls to the U16 Generation Adidas MLS Cup in 2011.
While in college, Louro made their semi-professional debut for Detroit City FC in a 2–2 draw against the Michigan Stars FC in 2016. They were voted "Man of the Match" on May 12, 2016, for their penalty-saving heroics against the Michigan Bucks in the U.S. Open Cup. They also played in the Premier Development League for New York Red Bulls U-23.
Professional
Louro signed a homegrown contract with the New York Red Bulls in MLS on January 23, 2017. The signing made them the second ever homegrown goalkeeper in the club's history after Santiago Castaño. On April 1, 2017, Louro made their professional debut for New York Red Bulls II, recording a shut out in a 1–0 victory over Richmond Kickers.
Louro joined the Tampa Bay Rowdies on January 21, 2020. In 2021, Louro won the USL Championship Golden Glove, having recorded a 0.74 goals against average and posting 14 shutouts. Following the 2021 season it was announced that Louro would leave the Rowdies.
Following a long injury rehabilitation, Louro signed with Major League Soccer side FC Cincinnati on August 22, 2022.
Personal life
Louro was born to a Spanish father and an American mother of Spanish-Argentine descent.
Career statistics
Honors
Club
New York Red Bulls
MLS Supporters' Shield (1): 2018
Tampa Bay Rowdies
2021 USL Championship Goalkeeper of the Year
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
American soccer players
American people of Spanish descent
American people of Argentine descent
Michigan Wolverines men's soccer players
Detroit City FC players
New York Red Bulls U-23 players
New York Red Bulls players
New York Red Bulls II players
Tampa Bay Rowdies players
FC Cincinnati players
Soccer players from New Jersey
USL League Two players
National Premier Soccer League players
People from South River, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, New Jersey
St. John Vianney High School (New Jersey) alumni
USL Championship players
Association football goalkeepers
Homegrown Players (MLS)
MLS Next Pro players
is a 1997 video game for the arcades developed by Japanese studio Psikyo. It was later ported to the PlayStation, Sega Saturn, and later PlayStation 2, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Gameplay
Synopsis
Development and release
The collection was released on February 24, 2005 for the PlayStation 2. It was released for Nintendo Switch on March 22, 2018.
Reception
Sol Divide received mixed to positive reception from critics since its release.
Notes
References
External links
Sol Divide at GameFAQs
Sol Divide at Killer List of Videogames
Sol Divide at MobyGames
1997 video games
Arcade video games
Horizontally scrolling shooters
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation 2 games
Psikyo games
Video games developed in Japan
Windows games
XS Games games
Taito games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Cooperative video games
505 Games games
Edwin Keeble may refer to:
Edwin Augustus Keeble (1807–1868), American politician
Edwin A. Keeble (1905–1979), American architect
Lake Tarawera is the largest of a series of lakes which surround the volcano Mount Tarawera in the North Island of New Zealand. Like the mountain, it lies within the Okataina caldera. It is located to the east of Rotorua, and beneath the peaks of the Tarawera massif i.e. Wahanga, Ruawahia, Tarawera and Koa. The lake's surface area is .
Geography
The lake was substantially affected by the eruption of Mount Tarawera on 10 June 1886. The lake outlet was blocked for two decades and the lake level increased. The eruption killed over 150 people, and buried the Māori village of Te Wairoa on the southwest shore of the lake.
Also assumed destroyed were the famed Pink and White Terraces. However, in February 2011 a team mapping the lake floor discovered what appeared to be part of the Pink Terraces. The lowest two tiers of the terraces were reportedly found in their original place at deep (too deep for scuba diving without special gas gear). Subsequently, a portion of the White Terraces was reportedly rediscovered in June 2011. The announcement of the rediscovery of the White Terraces coincided with the 125th anniversary of the eruption of Mt. Tarawera in 1886. It was thought that the rest of the terraces may be buried in sediment rather than having been destroyed.
More recent research questions these earlier findings and reports the Pink and White terrace spring sites instead lie on land (along with a lesser-known Black Terrace spring).
Tarawera means "Burnt Spear", named by a visiting hunter who left their bird spears in a hut and on returning the following season found both the spears and hut had been burned down completely.
The lake is filled primarily by water flowing through the volcanic rocks and ashes, only about 42% being from water flowing in streams, etc. The flows are estimated to be -
Lake Tarawera is home to eels and rainbow trout. During the summer it is popular for both fishing and water sports, and also camping as there are a number of hot water beaches.
The main hot water sources are in the southern section of the lake at the Wairua Stream, Hot Water Beach and Te Puha and Tarawera fumaroles. There is also a small geothermal area at Humphrey's Bay, to the south of Lake Okataina. Water varies between and .
Lake Tarawera's outflow is at its north east end, into the Tarawera River, which flows northeast into the Bay of Plenty.
References
External links
Lakes of the Bay of Plenty Region
Okataina Volcanic Centre
Volcanic crater lakes
1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera
"Boy Oh Boy" is a song recorded by Romanian singer Alexandra Stan for their fourth studio album, Mami (2018). It was digitally released on 30 June 2017 through Alexandra Stan Records, their own label, due to the singer's desire to work independently. The track was written by Andy Grasu, Marius Mirică and Stan, while production was handled by Mirică and Stan. Musically, "Boy Oh Boy" is a 90s-influenced electropop song with dancehall and reggae elements revolving around a girl's need to be loved and Stan's volatile relationship with their partner.
Music critics were positive towards "Boy Oh Boy", praising its vibe and summery style. An accompanying music video for the track was uploaded onto Stan's official YouTube channel simultaneously with the single's release. Shot by Bogdan Păun in Kuala Lumpur, it features Stan walking through the city and a food warehouse. They confessed that they wanted to capture Asian culture in the video.
Background and composition
"Boy Oh Boy" was written by Andy Grasu, Marius Mirică and Stan, with production handled by Mirică and Stan. Both Narcotic Creation and representatives of Alexandra Stan Records served as co-producers. The single was made available for digital download on 30 June 2017 by Alexandra Stan Records, the singer's own label, as they desired to work independently.
"Boy Oh Boy" is a 90s–influenced electropop song with dancehall and reggae elements. Regarding its style, Stan confessed, "I want to release what I like and not to follow the trend and speed up the creation process just because something needs to be released. [The song] is a mixture of [different] styles. I would say it is a more '90s track but with a contemporary feel". On another occasion, the singer described the single as an "old kind of style, but a new style. It's like eurodance." According to her, the lyrical message is "[her way] of expressing the girls' need to be loved [...] and sometimes you just need to tell to the guy, 'tell me that you love me'". Jonathan Currinn from CelebMix noted, "As for the meaning behind the song, the lyrics suggest a relationship where a guy is always breaking their heart even though they know that they actually care for them Such a deep emotional message behind this infectious tune."
Critical reception
Music critics were positive towards "Boy Oh Boy". Teodora Dinu from Antena 1 found the song had a positive vibe and was full of energy. Another editor from the same website applauded the summery style and danceable rhythm of the track. Currinn from CelebMix praised Stan's vocal delivery and saw "Boy Oh Boy" as the "perfect" transition from their previous single "9 Lives" (2017) due to its reggae vibes, although noting Stan took a new direction: "She keeps to their usual style, adding flavour, texture, and progression."
Music video
Stan first confirmed the release of an accompanying music video shot in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in an article on their website. A first teaser was uploaded onto the singer's YouTube channel on 25 June 2017, lasting 25 seconds and showing them "out in the rain, on a motorbike, and with an orange ponytail". Stan also posted various behind-the-scenes pictures on their Instagram account, followed by a second teaser released on 27 June 2017. The preview lasted 17 seconds, and showcased a portion of the song and its lyrics.
The music video premiered on 30 June 2017. It was shot by Bogdan Păun from the production company NGM Creative, with Alexandru Mureșan serving as the director of photography. Alex Ifimov did the make-up and hair styling for the video, and collaborated with Ema Băniță for its styling. Regarding the clip, the singer said, "I have an affinity for Asia, and I wanted to capture the Asian culture and atmosphere on the streets, the people and their customs. I met many lovely people that helped us with the filming and even wanted to appear in the clip. It was an unforgettable experience."
The clip starts with Stan sitting on stairs in front of a temple, wearing pink clothing and an orange ponytail attached to their hair. Following this, they walk through the city interacting with the people, and performs to the song in what appears to be a food warehouse, wearing an orange top and a black and white coat. The video continues in a similar style and ends with them in front of skyscrapers. A writer from Antena 1 found that Stan's appearance in the music video was "the hottest [...] of the year", while Currinn of CelebMix compared it to their previous works, writing, "she brings their usual stage presence and energetic vibes, whilst managing to display a relaxed vigour". Yannick Murgalé of Aficia suggested that the singer is "more sober, but always so attractive."
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the official music video.
Technical and composing credits
Narcotic Creation – co-producer
Andy Grasu – composer
Marius Mirică – composer, producer
Alexandra Stan – lead vocals, composer, producer
Alexandra Stan Records – co-producer
Visual credits
Ema Băniță – styling
Alex Ifimov – make-up, hair styling, styling
Alexandru Mureșan − director of photography
Bogdan Păun (NGM Creative) – director
Release history
References
External links
Official video on YouTube
2017 songs
2017 singles
English-language Romanian songs
Alexandra Stan songs
Songs written by Alexandra Stan
Richard Castel (born 31 December 1972, in Vendres) is a former French rugby union player. They played as a Flanker.
Castel played for Stade Toulousain from 1982/83 to 1992/93, where they won 2 titles of the French Championship, in 1994/95 and 1995/96 and a Heineken Cup, in 1995/96. They then moved to Béziers in 1996.
Honours
Grand Slam : 1997
French rugby champion, 1995, 1996 with Stade Toulousain
References
External links
EspnScrum profile
1972 births
Living people
French rugby union players
Stade Toulousain players
France international rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Sportspeople from Hérault
AS Béziers Hérault players
French rugby union coaches
Alexandros Anagnostopoulos (; born 18 August 1994) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Kifisia.
Honours
Panathinaikos
Greek Cup: 2013–14
Ionikos
Super League 2: 2020–21
References
1994 births
Living people
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panathinaikos F.C. players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Athens
Greek footballers
Sir Lindsay Roberts Ring, GBE (1 May 1914 – 10 August 1997) was Lord Mayor of London from 1975 to 1976.
References
Who Was Who
1914 births
1997 deaths
20th-century lord mayors of London
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Zbigniew Żarnowiecki (born 15 April 1927) is a Polish former rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
References
1927 births
Living people
Polish male rowers
Olympic rowers of Poland
Rowers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
People from Przemyśl
Sportspeople from Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Stemwinder Provincial Park is a provincial park located just west of Hedly in British Columbia, Canada.
The park is in size, and provides public access to the Similkameen River.
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen
Protected areas established in 1956
1956 establishments in British Columbia
Crinkill (), sometimes spelt Crinkle, is a village in County Offaly, Ireland, close to Birr. Crinkill was designated as a census town by the Central Statistics Office for the first time in the 2016 census, at which time it had a population of 682 people.
History
The village originally grew up around a British Army military barracks, Birr Barracks, which was constructed around 1805. However, the barracks was abandoned by the British army around the time of Irish independence, and was burnt down in July 1922 as a result of the civil war that followed. Today only the ruins of the outer wall remain. In 2013, the Regimental Association of the Prince of Wales's Leinster Regiment (Royal Canadians) erected a memorial to commemorate the regiment's strong linkages with the area.
Features
The Thatch, a 200-year-old thatched restaurant and bar in the center of Crinkill, has been in the same family ownership for nearly 200 years. The Thatch has won several awards, including the Offaly Pub of the Year and the Ireland Pub Of The Year in 1999 and 2001.
Education
Crinkill National School is the local national (primary) school.
Sport
The village is home to Crinkill GAA and Handball Club. Together with neighbouring clubs Carrig and Riverstown the club fields teams at all levels in the name of CRC Gaels. Kevin Breen, a member of the East Tennessee State University cross-country team known as the Irish Brigade, is a native of Crinkle. Breen was member of the ETSU team that placed second in the 1972 NCAA Division One cross country championships in Houston, Texas. They competed for Tullamore Harriers and has won Irish National Track championships medals.
References
Towns and villages in County Offaly
Avrom Reyzen (Yiddish: אַבֿרהם רייזען; April 8, 1876 – April 2, 1953), known as Abraham Reisen, was a Yiddish writer, poet and editor, and the elder brother of the Yiddishist Zalman Reisen.
Reyzen was born in Koidanov (Minsk, eastern Belorussia). Supported by Yaknehoz (pseudonym of Yeshaye Nisn Hakoyen Goldberg), while in their early teens Reyzen sent articles to-Dos Yudishes folks-blat in St Petersburg, Russia.
They corresponded with Jacob Dinezon and I. L. Peretz. In 1891, they published Reyzen's poem Ven dos lebn is farbitert (When Life Is Embittered) in their Di yudishe bibliotek (The Yiddish Library). Their first story, A kapore der noz abi a goldener zeyger mit 300 rubl nadn (Damn the Nose, As Long As There Is a Dowry of a Watch and 300 Rubles) was published in Vilna in 1892.
In 1895, they joined the Russian army, serving in a musicians' unit until 1899.
In addition to writing for the Zionist Der yud, in 1900 Reyzen created the literary anthology Dos tsvantsikste yorhundert (The Twentieth Century) which included work by I. L. Peretz, Hersh Dovid Nomberg, David Pinski, and others. A believer in the socialist ideology, Reyzen wrote for the Bund, sometimes under the pseudonym M. Vilner, during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
In 1902, Reyzen published a poetry collection, Tsayt lider (Poems of the Time), and in 1903 issued a book of stories, Ertseylungen un bilder (Stories and Scenes). They wrote for Der fraynd and Der tog in St Petersburg.
A founder (with their brother Zalman, Chaim Zhitlovsky, I.L. Peretz, and their close friends Scholem Asch and Hersch Dovid Nomberg) of Yiddishism, they took part in the Czernowitz Yiddish Language Conference of 1908 at which Yiddish was proclaimed a national language of the Jews.
In 1910, they began the Warsaw literary weekly Eyropeyishe literatur (European Literature) and another called Fraye erd (Free Land).
In early 1911, Reyzen moved to New York City and contributed to Forverts and Tsukunft. Their Troyerike motivn gevidmet oreme layt (Sad Motifs Dedicated to the Poor) was published (at Sholem Aleichem's recommendation) in Philadelphia's Shtot tsaytung. From 1929 they worked exclusively for Forverts, where they wrote a story each week, without a break. In 1935 they completed the three-volume autobiographical Epizodn fun mayn lebn (Episodes From My Life).
Irving Howe wrote about Reyzen:
"The miracle of a Reisen is not that they derive from the people but that they remain at harmony with them... Precisely because they regard being a Jew as a "natural" condition of life, beyond query or challenge, their poems and stories take their culture utterly for granted: they neither explain nor justify"
At their death in 1953, Reyzen was eulogized:
"There are many Yiddish writers who owe their success to Reisen's encouragement. For years they published and edited, under great sacrifices, Yiddish journals with the primary aim of providing a platform for young, struggling writers... They had no arrogance, no pretensions and no personal vanity."The Jewish Spectator, May 1953
References
External links
Literature by and about Avrom Reyzen in University Library JCS Frankfurt am Main: Digital Collections Judaica
1876 births
1953 deaths
American people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Belarusian Jews
Jewish American poets
Yiddish-language poets
Yiddish-language literature
This is a list of places in the Australian state of Tasmania by population.
Urban centres are defined by the Australian Bureau of Statistics as being a population cluster of 1,000 or more people.
See also
Demographics of Australia
List of cities in Australia
List of places in New South Wales by population
List of cities in Queensland by population
List of places in South Australia by population
List of places in Tasmania by population
List of places in Victoria by population
List of places in Western Australia by population
Notes and references
Tasmania
Tasmania by population
Cities by population
The List of railway routes in Thuringia provides a list of all railway routes in Thuringia. This includes Intercity-Express, Intercity, Regional-Express, Regionalbahn services. In the route tables, the major stations are shown in bold text. Where intermediate stations are not given, these are replaced by three dots "...".
Regional services
The following Regional-Express and Regionalbahn services run through Thuringia:
Regional rail in Germany
Transport in Thuringia
Thuringia-related lists
Thuringia
Lilian Ream (1877–1961) was a photographer in Wisbech, Isle of Ely, Cambridgeshire. Them studios went on to capture photographic images of Wisbech and the Fens for over 50 years.
Early years
Lilian was born in 1877 in West Walton, Norfolk, the youngest child of John Thomas Pratt (1837–?) and Louisa (Jones 1839) married in 1858.
A farmer's daughter, they were one of the pupils of the private school at Wisbech Castle run by May Bradley was.
Later life
They married Sydney Ream in 1905; they had a son John Roland F Ream born in 1907 and a daughter Mary LP Ream in 1911. They died aged 84, in Eastbourne on 20 August 1961. Them grave is in the churchyard of All Saints, Walsoken.
Photography
Aged 17, they became photographic assistant to Alfred Drysdale whose studio was on Lynn Road, Wisbech, they moved to work for John Kennerell at the Borough Studio in York Row, this was taken over by Lawrence Brown.
In 1908 Lilian (then the manager) became a partner. The partnership was dissolved by April 1909. Days later they opened their own studio at number 4, The Crescent, Wisbech and built a small studio and darkroom in the garden. A craft shop was opened in Market street and a framing works 'the Burlington Studios', in Alexandra Road.
Them business succeeded and they took over the rival's studio 'Borough Studio, number 7 York Row (now Etcetera). Them studio claimed to be the oldest and largest in East Anglia.
They were the official photographer for the Wisbech Standard Newspaper.
After their retirement in 1949, Roland took over the studio and it continued until 1971.
Legacy
Although many original negatives have been lost, over 100,000 negatives have survived to form 'The Lilian Ream collection'. This may be one of the most comprehensive records of its kind in England. The trust produce publications of the images.
In April 2013 the Wisbech Society erected a blue plaque at 4 The Crescent in their honour. In 2014, a photograph of Ream was included into The Army Children of the First World War collection, established by The Army Children Archive (TACA), a project of the Imperial War Museum.
The Ream studios and other local pioneering photographers such as Samuel (Philosopher) Smith and Geoff Hastings feature on the Cambridgeshire Photographers website
References
Further reading
1877 births
1961 deaths
English women photographers
20th-century British photographers
People from Wisbech
Photographers from Cambridgeshire
20th-century women photographers
People from King's Lynn and West Norfolk (district)
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Shaheen Ashfaq (; born 21 June 1949) is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from 2008 to 2013 and again from May 2013 to May 2018.
Early life and education
They were born on 21 June 1949 in Gujranwala.
They earned the degree of Master of Arts in Political Science from the University of the Punjab in 1974.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election. In December 2013, they were appointed as Parliamentary Secretary for cooperative.
References
Women members of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Punjab MPAs 2013–2018
1949 births
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Aiglsbach is a town and municipality in the Lower Bavarian district of Kelheim, Germany, and a member of the Mainburg administrative partnership, a voluntary resource-pooling agreement with three neighbouring municipalities.
Geography
Aiglsbach lies between Regensburg and Munich, and between Ingolstadt and Landshut. The municipality comprises the following settlements: Aiglsbach, Berghausen, Gasseltshausen, Oberpindhart, Pöbenhausen, Radertshausen, Buch, Haselbuch, Gerblhäuser, Straßberg, Lindach and Moosham.
History
Aiglsbach was first recorded as a settlement in 864, with alternative names recorded as Agelspach (ca. 1145), Ailgilspach (ca. 1190) and Egilspach (ca. 1160). The name likely derives from a given name such as Agil, Egil, Aigil or Eigil, while bach refers to a stream. The town belonged to the taxation district of Munich and to the administrative district of Mainburg in the Electorate of Bavaria. Administrative reform in the Kingdom of Bavaria led in 1818 to the creation of the municipality as it is today, the official spelling being changed in 1911 from Aigelsbach to Aiglsbach.
The name of Eichelsbach, a settlement within the municipality of Elsenfeld in the Bavarian Spessart in Lower Franconia is also sometimes spelled Egilespach. Aigil or Egil was a common name in the Middle Ages, and Eichelsbach in the Spessart is thought to have been named after an abbot named Aigil, of a monastery near Fulda.
Population
In 1970 there were 1,216 residents recorded; in 1987 1,331; 2000 1,546; and in 2004 1,654.
Politics
The mayor of the municipality is Josef Hillerbrand of the Christian Socialists, who was elected in 2002 replacing Martin Kiemeyer, also Christian Socialist.
Culture and sightseeing
The main tourist attraction in the area is the thirteenth century romanesque Church of Our Lady (Unsere Liebe Frau) in Gasseltshausen.
Notable residents
Katrin Stotz: Alpine skier
References
Kelheim (district)
The South Africa women's national soccer team, nicknamed Banyana Banyana (The Girls), is the national team of South Africa and is controlled by the South African Football Association.
Their first official match was held on 30 May 1993 against Swaziland.
They qualified for Olympic football for the first time in 2012, and for a FIFA Women's World Cup for the first time in 2019, in Group B with Germany, Spain and China. However, they lost all matches, and their only goal was against Spain when they went to a 1–0 lead only to lose 3–1. South Africa won their first Women's Africa Cup of Nations in 2022, beating Morocco 2–1 in the final.
History
Beginnings
The South Africa women's national team played its first international match...
Historically, South Africa has never had a professional women's football league until 2020. This coincided perfectly with the country's annual celebration of Women's Month — a celebration of women in society.While South Africa may not have had a professional women's league, the country's national setup has flourished.
The national team competes at Under-17 and Under-20 levels. But the senior team — nicknamed “Banyana Banyana” — has represented South Africa in multiple tournaments.These include the COSAFA Women's Championship Cup, African Women's Cup of Nations and, more recently, a debut at the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France.
Despite unfair gender disparities, South Africa's female footballers have attracted interest from professional leagues all over the world.In South Africa, the playing field is not level for young female footballers to rise up through development.But a new semi-professional league, established in 2009, gave women an opportunity to pursue a future in football.The Sasol league consists of 2800 footballers playing in 144 teams across the nine provinces in South Africa.It has made it easy for scouts and the national coaches to assess players.
The league has been steadfast in making sure that women's football thrives in South Africa, despite very little corporate sponsorship.It was therefore humbling to witness the launch of the South African Football Association (SAFA) National Women's League, which signaled a new era.The fully-professional league aims at the development and growth of the game for South Africa.
There is still so much more that still needs to be done. But with 27 players now playing professionally in Europe and the United States, opportunities are aplenty.
Team image
Nicknames
The South Africa women's national football team has been known or nicknamed as the "Banyana Banyana", which literally means "Girls Girls". This name is derived from the Senior Men's National team being "Bafana Bafana".
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Source: Global Sports Archive
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Technical staff
Manager history
Sandile Bali (1995)
Nomaluno Mooi (1998)
Fran Hilton-Smith (2000)
Greg Mashilo (2002–2004)
August Makalakalane (2006–2011)
Joseph Mkhonza (2011–2014)
Vera Pauw (2014–2016)
Desiree Ellis (2016–present)
Players
Current squad
This is the final Squad named in August 2022 2022 COSAFA Women's Championship.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including day month year.
Recent call ups
The following players have been called up to a South Africa squad in the past 12 months.
Previous squads
FIFA Women's World Cup
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup squad
Summer Olympics
2012 Summer Olympics squad
2016 Summer Olympics squad
Africa Women Cup of Nations
2000 African Women's Championship squad
2010 African Women's Championship squad
2012 African Women's Championship squad
2014 African Women's Championship squad
2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
COSAFA Women's Championship
2020 COSAFA Women's Championship squad
2021 COSAFA Women's Championship squad
2022 COSAFA Women's Championship squad
Records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Honours
Continental
Africa Women Cup of Nations
Champions: 2022
Runners-up: 1995, 2000, 2008, 2012, 2018
Third place: 2006, 2010
African Games
Runners-up: 2003, 2007
Regional
COSAFA Women's Championship
Champions: 2002, 2006, 2008, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020
Runners-up: 2011
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
COSAFA Women's Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the women's South Africa national soccer team's all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows South Africa's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in South Africa
Football in South Africa
Women's football in South Africa
National teams
South Africa women's national football team
South Africa women's national football team results
South Africa women's national under-20 soccer team
South Africa women's national under-17 soccer team
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
African women's national association football teams
Pondfield Cove is a small, secluded, south-facing cove immediately to the east of Worbarrow Tout and west of Gad Cliff on the south coast of the Isle of Purbeck, in Dorset, England. It is about south of Wareham and about west of Swanage.
The cove is only accessible when the Lulworth Ranges are open to the public. It can be reached either by a walk down an easy track alongside Tyneham Gwyle, from the car park alongside the ghost village of Tyneham, or alternatively via the South West Coast Path.
Geology
The geology of the Isle of Purbeck is very complex and this is shown very clearly along this stretch of coast. The extreme angular layers of rock visibly demonstrate the complex sedimentary folding that affected this area some 30 million years ago. The foldings were caused by the tectonic pressures as the African and European continents collided.
During this period, the sediments were twisted horizontally, this is why the younger Cretaceous formations, between 85 and 145 million years old, are found to the rear of Worbarrow Bay. Pondfield Cove lies entirely within the Portland limestones, 150 million, and Purbeck Beds, 147 million years old. The sequence of Purbeck limestones and shales is clearly visible within the low neck of land between Worbarrow Tout and the mainland. This cliff face separates the cove from Worbarrow Bay to the north.
See also
List of Dorset beaches
References
Gallery
Isle of Purbeck
Jurassic Coast
Coves of Dorset
The Public Utilities Commission of Nevada supervises and regulates the operation and maintenance of utility services in Nevada. The agency has two headquarters, one in Carson City () and one in Las Vegas ().
History
The Railroad Commission of Nevada was established in 1907. The Public Service Commission of Nevada was formed in 1911, sharing the same commissioners, personnel, and offices of the Railroad Commission. In 1919, the responsibilities of the two bodies were consolidated under a new Public Service Commission. The commission was renamed as the Public Utilities Commission in 1997, when its duties relating to trucking, taxis, and other transport issues were moved to the newly formed Transportation Services Authority.
Commissioners
The commission is run by three commissioners. As of September 2017, the commissioners are:
Joe Reynolds (Chairman)
Ann C. Pongracz
Bruce Breslow
Breslow is the newest member of the commission. Commissioner Paul Thomsen resigned in 2017. Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval nominated a member of their cabinet, Bruce Breslow (director of the state's Department of Business and Industry) to serve on the commission in place of Thomsen's seat. Breslow's appointment was effective September 5, 2017.
According to Utility Dive, the commission has “a full slate of commissioners, and none of them were involved in the contentious net metering debate two years ago.”
See also
List of Nevada state agencies
References
External links
Nevada
State agencies of Nevada
Government agencies established in 1919
1919 establishments in Nevada
The Harris House is a historic house in rural southeastern Pulaski County, Arkansas. Built in 1856, it is one of the oldest houses in central Arkansas. It is a modest -story wood-frame structure, built out of local hand-hewn cypress and handmade bricks. It has an open porch extending across a five-bay front facade, with gable dormers projecting from the roof above. The entrance is flanked by sidelight windows and topped by a transom. The wood used in construction is virgin cypress, some of it planed to a width of . The house was built on land acquired by Robert Harris in 1853, part of which was granted by President John Quincy Adams. The land was still in the hands of Harris' descendants in 1976, when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1856
Houses in Pulaski County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Parafuscoptilia is a genus of moths in the family Pterophoridae, containing only one species, Parafuscoptilia tibuliformis. It was described in 2005 by Shu-Lian Hao and Hou-Hun Li from specimens collected in Fujian, China.
References
Exelastini
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Asia
"Tumbling Down" is a song by the British rock band Cockney Rebel, fronted by Steve Harley. It was released in 1975 as the third and final single from the band's second studio album The Psychomodo (1974). The song was written by Harley, and produced by Harley and Alan Parsons.
Background
"Tumbling Down" was written and first performed by Harley during their days of busking in the early 1970s, before Cockney Rebel were formed in late 1972. The song references Ernest Hemingway, who had a big influence on Harley, and mentions the Titanic sailing into Brighton. Harley believes it was at Brighton, aged three, when they contracted polio.
The song was recorded by Cockney Rebel during the February–March 1974 sessions for their second studio album The Psychomodo in 1974, with Andrew Powell providing the orchestral and brass arrangements on the track. The song was mastered at Abbey Road Studios.
When EMI released The Psychomodo in the United States in January 1975, half a year after its release elsewhere, "Tumbling Down" was issued as a promotional single. By this time, the original Cockney Rebel line-up had disbanded owing to internal tensions and disagreements. As a result, the US releases of "Tumbling Down" and The Psychomodo would be credited to the name of the band's new line-up as Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel. As a promotional single, "Tumbling Down" was not eligible to make a chart appearance. Although it was not a single in the UK or Europe, the song remains one of Harley's most popular songs.
Release
"Tumbling Down" was released by EMI Records as a 7-inch promotional single in the United States only. For its release as a single, the six-minute album version of "Tumbling Down" was cut down to almost half the duration. Following its release on The Psychomodo and as a single, the song has also appeared on various Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel compilations, including A Closer Look (1975), The Best of Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel (1980), The Greatest Hits (1987), The Cream of Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel (1999) and The Cockney Rebel - A Steve Harley Anthology (2006).
Critical reception
In a review of The Psychomodo, Record Mirror described "Tumbling Down" as "grand and orchestrated." In the US, Rick Atkinson of The Record praised "Tumbling Down" as an "excellent track with FM-radio potential". Jon Marlowe of The Miami News, in their 1976 review of Love's a Prima Donna, referred to "Tumbling Down" as one of the "two all-time classic songs" Harley had written, alongside "Cavaliers". They added, "...to hear Harley lead the audience in a rousing sing-along of 'Oh dear look what they've done to the blues' is nothing short of a musical miracle."
Dave Thompson of AllMusic retrospectively said that "Tumbling Down," along with the preceding track on The Psychomodo, "Sling It", "encompasses ten of the most heart-stoppingly breathless, and emotionally draining minutes in '70s rock". They continued, "though ["Tumbling Down"]'s final refrain was reduced to pitifully parodic singalong the moment it got out on-stage, on record it retains both its potency and its purpose." Donald A. Guarisco of AllMusic referred to the song as a "dramatic opus that gradually builds from quiet piano chords to an orchestral blowout as Harley vocalizes a pained but elegantly crafted tale of facing a grim destiny".
In 2012, Jim Wirth of Uncut wrote, "Harley signs off in style on 'Tumbling Down', with the John Cale-ish screams in the big pay-off line 'Oh dear, look what they've done to the blues', a barbed combination of anti-Ten Years After harangue and self-reverential gloating."
Live performances
At the time of its release, "Tumbling Down" became Harley's regular concert closer, with the well-known closing refrain ("Oh dear, look what they've done to the blues, blues, blues") allowing the audience to participate by chanting the line with Harley. As a result of its regular airing during the band's concerts, various live versions have been recorded for official releases. On 14 April 1975, Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel performed the song as part of their set at the Hammersmith Odeon, which was filmed and released as a film titled Between the Lines. The song has also been included on Face to Face: A Live Recording (1977), Live from London (1985) and Birmingham (Live with Orchestra & Choir) (2013). Two acoustic versions have also appeared on Harley's live albums Stripped to the Bare Bones (1999) and Acoustic and Pure: Live (2003).
During the band's tours between 1989 and 1990, "Tumbling Down" was rarely included in the set-list. On stage at Frankfurt's Music-Hall in February 1992, Harley expressed how they had become tired of performing the song since its release in 1974. They stated, "Sometimes you think you've sung a song once too often. I stopped singing this song for a long time and I kept meeting people outside stage doors who would say things like, 'Steve, where is 'Tumbling Down'?' And I'd say 'I'm bored with it, tired of it, it's an old song and there are so many new songs'." In 1990, Harley, along with their brother Ian Nice, who at the time played keyboards in Cockney Rebel, looked at returning the song to the set-list. Harley revealed, "I went back to the drawing board, and brother Ian and I decided that there's nothing wrong with the song. [We] just [had] to try it another way, come at it from another direction."
Track listing
7-inch single
"Tumbling Down" (Stereo) – 3:23
"Tumbling Down" (Mono) – 3:23
Personnel
Cockney Rebel
Steve Harley – vocals
Jean-Paul Crocker – electric violin, guitar
Milton Reame-James – keyboards
Paul Jeffreys – Fender bass
Stuart Elliott – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Andrew Powell – orchestral and brass arrangements
Production
Steve Harley, Alan Parsons – producers
Chris Blair – mastering
Cover versions
Yvonne Keeley version
In 1974, Dutch singer Yvonne Keeley released their own version of the song as their debut single. Like Cockney Rebel's original, Keeley's version was produced by Harley and Parsons.
Keeley recorded "Tumbling Down" after meeting Harley in 1974, shortly after the split of the original Cockney Rebel line-up in July of that year. The pair began a relationship and started working in the studio together, with Keeley recording "Tumbling Down" and another Cockney Rebel song, "Loretta's Tale", which was originally recorded for their 1973 debut album The Human Menagerie. EMI rush-released Keeley's version of "Tumbling Down" as a single on 23 August 1974 to coincide with Cockney Rebel's appearance at the Reading Festival on 25 August. Keeley would go on to provide backing vocals on future Cockney Rebel albums and Harley also produced their second single "Concrete and Clay", which was released in June 1975.
Scottish musician Ian Bairnson recorded the guitar part on "Tumbling Down" with a Les Paul. It was one of the guitarists the earliest sessions and the one which had the most impact on their career. At the time, Bairnson had moved from Edinburgh to London to make it in the music business with the Scottish rock band Pilot, who had yet to gain a hit single. After being impressed by their playing on the song, Harley asked Bairnson to join Cockney Rebel, at a time when Harley was in the process of forming a new Cockney Rebel line-up. Faced with this dilemma, Bairnson ended up choosing to stay with their band, who gained their first hit with "Magic" later in November that year.
Velvet Goldmine
"Tumbling Down" was featured in the 1998 British-American drama film Velvet Goldmine, directed and co-written by Todd Haynes. The fictional band who covered the song for the film soundtrack were Venus in Furs and lead vocals were handled by Jonathan Rhys Meyers. Meyers would also cover Cockney Rebel's "Sebastian" for the film, while the Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel recording of "Make Me Smile (Come Up and See Me)" was featured over the ending credits. Meyers' version of "Tumbling Down" was made available on the Velvet Goldmine original motion picture soundtrack release.
Speaking to the Swedish web publication Bomben in 2000, Harley said of the version:
Later in 2010, Harley told independent.ie website:
References
1974 singles
Steve Harley songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Steve Harley
1974 songs
Song recordings produced by Alan Parsons
Moop Mama is a brass band based in Munich, Bavaria, Germany. The ten-person group includes two percussionists and a rapper, and was founded in 2009. They describe their style as urban brass, mixing hip hop and the music of traditional marching bands. The band has played at festivals, for television and film, and at political events, with a focus on spontaneous concerts in public space. Beginning in 2011, the band has recorded albums, singles and videos.
History
Moop Mama was founded in 2009 at the initiative of the saxophonist Marcus Kesselbauer, as a group of seven brass players, two percussionists and a rapper. Kesselbauer is also the band's composer and arranger. Their first "public rehearsal" was at Munich's Englischer Garten in 2009. They became recognized for many short unannounced concerts in public space (Guerilla-Konzerte), such as pedestrian areas and parks, using a megaphone to amplify the rapper's voice. Sometimes the concerts were regarded as unwanted noise (), causing conflicts with the police.
The band appeared on television, such as Inas Nacht and in 2011, and in 2012. They have performed regularly for the local Vereinsheim Schwabing of Bayerischer Rundfunk (BR). For the film , they supplied part of the film score and appeared as actors.
The band performed at festivals such as in 2012 at the Fusion Festival in Lärz, the Splash! festival in Ferropolis of Gräfenhainichen, the in Switzerland, the in Rothenburg ob der Tauber, the in Breitenbach am Herzberg, TFF Rudolstadt, Zelt-Musik-Festival in Freiburg, and the festival in Hamburg. They also played in the program of the 2012 Champions League final in Munich, and supporting Jan Delay at the Tollwood Festival. They performed at the 2016 in Großpösna, at the in Horb the same year, and at the 2019 Southside in Neuhausen ob Eck.
In September 2012, the band played on an invitation of Goethe-Institut in Thessaloniki and Athens. In September 2018, the band played a spontaneous concert at the Hambach Forest to protest against its clearing by RWE. On 21 June 2019, they performed as part of a large demonstration of Fridays for Future at the Aachen Tivoli for several thousand people. The band played a 10th anniversary concert at the Tollwood in the Munich Musik-Arena on 18 July 2019, announced as playing "no finished beats, no samples, no electronic instruments" and "brute loud and secretly quiet".
Discography
Albums
2011: Deine Mutter ()
2013: Das rote Album (Millaphon Records)
2016: M.O.O.P. Topia (Mutterkomplex)
2017: Live, Vol. 1 (Mutterkomplex)
2018: ICH (Mutterkomplex urban media)
2020: Live Vol.2 (Mutterkomplex urban media)
Singles
2011: König der Stadtmitte (Millaphon Records)
2012: Liebe (Millaphon Records)
2013: Party der Versager (Millaphon Records)
2014: Stadt die immer schläft (Millaphon Records)
2016: Meermenschen (Mutterkomplex)
2016: Lösch das Internet (Mutterkomplex)
2016: Die Erfindung des Rades (Mutterkomplex)
2017: 25/8 (Live 2016) (Mutterkomplex)
2017: Komplize (Live 2016) (Mutterkomplex)
2018: Molotow (Mutterkomplex)
2018: Nüchtern (Mutterkomplex)
2018: Kapuze (Mutterkomplex)
Videos
2012: Liebe
2013: Party der Versager
2014: Stadt die immer schläft
2016: Meermenschen
2016: Lösch das Internet
2016: Die Erfindung des Rades
2016: Alle Kinder (feat. Jan Delay)
2017: Komplize (Live)
2017: 25/8 (Live)
2018: Molotow
2018: Nüchtern
2018: Kapuze
References
External links
Moop Mama Mutterkomplex
Moop Mama (in German) laut.de
Do, 14.11.2019 · MOOP MAMA (in German) landstreicher-konzerte.de 2019
Brass bands
Marching bands
German hip hop groups
2009 establishments in Germany
, known as Deadly Skies in Europe, is a series of combat flight simulation games developed and published by Konami. The series began in 1999 with Airforce Delta for Dreamcast, with its last main series game being the 2004 Airforce Delta Strike.
The series has been compared to Ace Combat in its gameplay.
Games
Airforce Delta
Airforce Delta, known as Deadly Skies in Europe, was released in 1999 for the Dreamcast.
Airforce Delta (Game Boy Color)
A Game Boy Color version of Airforce Delta was released in 2000.
Airforce Delta Storm
Airforce Delta Storm (called Airforce Delta II in Japan and Deadly Skies in Europe), was released for Xbox in 2001.
Airforce Delta Storm (Game Boy Advance)
The Game Boy Advance version of Airforce Delta Storm was released in 2002, and has a plot based mostly on the previous game in the series, Airforce Delta.
Airforce Delta Strike
Airforce Delta Strike (called Airforce Delta: Blue Wing Knights in Japan and Deadly Skies III in Europe), was released for the PlayStation 2 in 2004.
Airforce Delta Alternative
Airforce Delta Alternative was a Japan-only mobile game released in 2007.
References
Konami franchises
Video game franchises introduced in 1999
Marsworth is a village and a civil parish within the unitary authority area of Buckinghamshire, England. It is about north of Tring, Hertfordshire and east of Aylesbury.
Early history
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, Mæssanwyrth, and means 'Mæssa's enclosure'. Marsworth is first mentioned in the will of Aelfgyfu (before 975) as granted to Edgar of England who in turn passed it to St Etheldreda's Church belonging to the Bishops of Ely, and later passed into the hands of Brictric, a thegn of Edward the Confessor. After the Norman Conquest Marsworth (Missevorde) is recorded in the Domesday Book as in the possession of Robert D'Oyly and was connected to Wallingford, an association which continued into the 17th century. The tenants at this time were the Bassett family and the land was split between six sisters and through their line the estates passed to the Goldingtons at which time the manor becomes recorded as Marsworth with Goldringtons.
By 1319 records show there were still several overlords controlling various parts of Marsworth including a descendant of Isabel Bassett, John de Beauchamp Lord of the Manor at Hawridge. This is the first indication of a tie-up between Marsworth and the detached manor or Hawridge, possibly to provide woodland and hilltop summer pasture for the estate across the narrow isthmus of Hertfordshire.
There were connections between another estate in Marsworth and the Savoy Hospital in London whom the Boughton family granted lands in 1514 in the honour of Henry III. It subsequently became an endowment for St Thomas' Hospital and in 1876 was swapped for lands in Essex by William Brown of Tring.
There are records of a church in Marsworth since the 12th century. All Saints Church was further extended in the 14th and 15th centuries. Despite further restoration in the first part of the 19th century, by 1880 the church was in a deplorable condition and the newly appointed vicar, the Rev. F. W. Ragg set about with the help of parishioners to restore it over the next 25 years.
Marsworth today
The construction of the Grand Union Canal, which passes through Marsworth brought with it many new business opportunities and the village expanded greatly as a result. Within the parish boundary of Marsworth, to the south of the main village where the canal cross the Lower Icknield Way is the hamlet of Startop's End. In 2010 the during building work engineers dug up over 40 bodies in un-marked graves which were subsequently interred in a ceremony conducted by the vicar.
Nearby are three of the four Tring Reservoirs, one of which is named Marsworth reservoir.
References
External links
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Villages in Buckinghamshire
The women's lightweight (56 kg/123.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second-lightest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving nine fighters all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few fighters for a sixteen-person tournament, seven women had a bye through to the quarter finals. Serbia's Milena Dincic beat Russia's Lidia Andreeva by unanimous decision in the gold medal match. Pole Alicja Piecyk and Swede Elisa Albinsson took the bronze medal positions.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Ypsolopha frustella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including California.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Anna Dryden Wolf (June 25, 1890 – 1985) was an American nurse who served as the first dean of the Peking Union Medical College School of Nursing in Beijing, China, and later as the director of the school of nursing and nursing services at Johns Hopkins University. Them dedication to higher-level nursing education has been credited with laying the groundwork for the foundation of the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing in 1984.
Biography
Wolf was born on June 25, 1890, in Guntur, Madras Presidency, India, to I.B. Wolf, a retired Indian missionary, and their wife, a teacher at an Indian all-women school. They received their B.A. from Goucher College in 1911, their nursing degree from the Johns Hopkins Hospital School of Nursing in 1915, and their M.A. from Columbia University Teachers College in 1916.
They subsequently worked at Johns Hopkins as an instructor and the assistant superintendent of nurses, taking time off in 1918 to work as a nursing instructor at the Vassar Training Camp. They became the superintendent of nurses at Peking Union Medical College in 1919, and became the first dean of the school of nursing there in 1924.
In 1926, they became an associate professor at the University of Chicago, as well as superintendent of nursing at Albert Merritt Billings Hospital. They worked at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center from 1931 until 1940, when they returned to Johns Hopkins to become director of the school of nursing and nursing services. They retired from this position in 1955.
References
American women nurses
1890 births
1985 deaths
Indian emigrants to the United States
People from Guntur
Goucher College alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Johns Hopkins School of Nursing alumni
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
University of Chicago faculty
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
American women academics
Ischaemum nativitatis, commonly known as the Christmas Island duck-beak, is a tropical grass in the family Poaceae. It is endemic to Christmas Island, an Australian territory in the north-eastern Indian Ocean. The specific epithet comes from the Latin nativitas ("birth") referring to the birth of Christ, or Christmas, after the name of the island.
Description
The Christmas Island duck-beak is an erect, tufted grass, 250–700 mm tall, with the stems often branched and the nodes smooth. The leaves are 30–110 mm long, 2.5–7 mm wide and are scattered along the stem. The two bristly racemes are 15–50 mm long, with long and hairy pedicels and rachis, and with paired, sessile spikelets 4.5 mm long and distinctly awned. The glumes are leathery at the base; the lower, bidentate glume has two membranous wings in the apical half; the upper glume has a winged keel towards the apex and a 6 mm awn. The flowers have glassy lemma and leathery palea about 3.5 mm long, with the awn of the upper lemma 15 mm long and twisted at the base.
Distribution and habitat
The grass occurs sporadically along the northern and western coasts of the island. Habitat types include exposed limestone pinnacles, pockets of coral sand, and near stands of Scaevola taccada and Pandanus nativitatis.
Taxonomy
The grass was first recorded, though not properly described, by Charles William Andrews and Henry Nicholas Ridley as I. foliosum var. leiophyllum Hack. ex Rendle, a variety endemic to Christmas Island. Otto Stapf elevated it to species status, naming it I. nativitatis, but did not publish it. In 1953, a full description was published, but without a Latin diagnosis, leaving the name still invalid under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature. In 1985, I. nativitatis became the valid name when a full Latin description was published.
Full nomenclatural reference:
Ischaemum nativitatis Jansen ex Renvoize, Kew Bull. 40: 447. 1985.
Ischaemum foliosum var. leiophyllum Hack. ex Rendle, in C.W.Andrews, Monograph Christmas Island 192. 1900. [invalid nomen nudum]
Ischaemum nativitatis Jansen, 1953. [invalid nomen nudum]
The grass is closely related to I. foliosum from New Caledonia and Vanuatu.
References
nativitatis
Endemic flora of Christmas Island
Poales of Australia
Plants described in 1985
Longyearbyen Community Council () is the local government for Longyearbyen in Svalbard, Norway. It has many of the same responsibilities of a municipality. It is organized with a 15-member council which since 2011 has been led by Mayor Christin Kristoffersen of the Labour Party. The council's main responsibilities are infrastructure and utilities, including power, land-use and community planning, education from kindergarten to upper secondary level and child welfare. It operates three kindergartens in addition to the 13-grade Longyearbyen School.
The Svalbard Council was established on 1 November 1971. It consisted of 17 non-partisan members which were elected or appointed in three different groups—Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani (SNSK) employees, government employees and others, although the ratio changed several times. Svalbard Samfunnsdrift (SSD), a limited company which was responsible for public infrastructure and services, was established by SNSK on 1 January 1989. Responsibilities included healthcare, the fire department, the kindergarten, roads, garbage disposal, power production, the water and sewer system, the cinema, cultural activities and the library. Ownership was taken over by the Ministry of Trade and Industry on 1 January 1993. During the 1990s, the authorities started a process to "normalize" Longyearbyen by abolishing the company town scheme and introducing a full range of services, a varied economy and local democracy. The Svalbard Council changed its regulations from 1993 and allowed parties to run for election. Longyearbyen Community Council was established in 2002, replacing the Svalbard Council and assimilating SSD.
References
Bibliography
Notes
External links
Official website
Longyearbyen
2002 establishments in Norway
Organisations based in Longyearbyen
Government of the Arctic
William Wilberforce Bird (2 July 1758 – 19 April 1836), merchant, civil servant and author, was the Member of Parliament for Coventry from 1796 to 1802. Their main career came later in South Africa.
The son of John Bird and Judith Wilberforce, they were born in Coventry. They were a cousin of the philanthropist William Wilberforce, with whom they shared an interest in the well-being of slaves. They arrived at the Cape of Good Hope, South Africa, in 1807 where they founded the Cape Philanthropic Society. In 1810, they were appointed Controller of Customs, a civil service position they retained until their death. Their knowledge of finance and management were useful to the many bodies on which they served. They drew up the Colony's game laws, using their legal expertise. Transporting cargo in their own ships, particularly with St. Helena and Mauritius, they were involved in the import and export trade of the colony. A confidant of Lord Charles Somerset, governor of the Cape Colony, they never a subservient 'yes'-man.
The controversial book The State of the Cape of Good Hope in 1822, was written anonymously by Bird. Covering in detail the system of government at the Cape, the law courts, the burgher senate, registration of slaves, agriculture, trade and the customs of the population, they were highly critical of the way in which such ceremonies as weddings and funerals were conducted.
Bird married first, in 1779, Elizabeth Bird, and second, in 1782, Penelope Wheler, daughter of Charles Wheler and Lucy Strange, and by Penelope had several children. Their eldest son, William Wilberforce Bird, was the Deputy-Governor of Bengal Presidency and later the acting Governor-General of India. William Wilberforce Bird died in Cape Town 19 April 1836.
References
1758 births
1836 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1801–1802
British MPs 1796–1800
Members of Parliament for Coventry
Sei is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. The crater is named for Japanese writer Sei Shōnagon.
To the west of Sei is Alencar crater. To the northeast is Ma Chih-Yuan crater.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
The Argentine Marxist–Leninist Communist Party (, abbreviated PCMLA) was a communist party in Argentina. PCMLA was founded in 1975 as splinter group of the Marxist–Leninist Communist Party. It had a pro-China orientation. Leaders of PCMLA included Oscar Ríos (general secretary), José Ríos (organizational secretary), Daniel Egea, Carlos Herrera, and Ramón Ruiz. The party was active in the student movement. Its student wing was Grupos de Resistencia Estudiantil (GRE, 'Student Resistance Groups'). It had cells in Buenos Aires city and province, Corrientes, Entre Ríos and Santa Fe. The party had a front organization in the meat industry, Resistencia Obrera de la Carne (ROC, Meat Workers Resistance).
The military junta designated PCMLA as a 'band of terrorist criminals'. On May 30, 1976 PCMLA guerrillas captured colonel Juan Alberto Pita, the person the military junta had put in charge of the Confederación General del Trabajo (CGT), in the La Plata city of Manuel B. Gonnet (generally referred to as "Gonnet").
In 1978 the party suffered state repression and began to disintegrate. In 1982 PCMLA merged with PCML, forming the Liberation Party.
References
Communist parties in Argentina
Political parties established in 1975
Víctor da Vila is an activist in the Workers' Party (Argentina).
They studied at the National University of Córdoba.
They were elected as a provincial senator in Mendoza Province in June 2015.
References
External links
video of them speaking at a meeting of students (Spanish)
People from Mendoza Province
Workers' Party (Argentina) politicians
National University of Córdoba alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dunay class is a class of Russian river passenger ships, named after Danube River. They are two-deck cargo-passenger ships built in Hungary between 1959 and 1964.
River cruise ships of the Hungarian project 305
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Hungary–Soviet Union relations
Senator Endicott may refer to:
Charles Endicott (1822–1899), Massachusetts State Senate
John Endicott (Dedham) (1764–1857), Massachusetts State Senate
Judo is among the sports which is being contested at the 2019 South Asian Games. Judo is being hosted in the Army Physical Fitness Centre, Lagankhel between 8 and 10 December 2019.
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Women
Mixed
References
External links
Official website
Events at the 2019 South Asian Games
2019
Asian Games, South
Tonelagee () at , is the 25th–the highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin scale, and the 33rd–the highest peak on the Vandeleur-Lynam scale. Tonelagee is situated in the central sector of the Wicklow Mountains range, and sits on the main "central spine" of the range that runs from Kippure in the north, to Lugnaquillia in the south; and in particular, the continuous "central boggy ridge" that runs from the Sally Gap in the north, via Mullaghcleevaun, to Tonelagee. Tonelagee is the third highest peak in Wicklow after Lugnaquilla and Mullaghcleevaun.
To the north is the subsidiary summit of Stoney Top , and to the east is another subsidiary summit of Tonelagee NE Top ; between these three summits is the deep "heart-shaped" corrie lake of Lough Ouler.
Naming
Irish academic Paul Tempan, notes Tonelagee is sometimes spelled Tonelegee and its Irish name of Tóin le Gaoith appears in several Irish placenames, such as Tandragee in Antrim, however, it was not clear what they had in common regarding the wind. In addition, Tempan found no particular evidence of any other Irish language names behind Stoney Top except to note that there was a cross-inscribed standing stone between Stoney Top and the summit of Tonelagee.
Geography
Tonelagee is the third highest peak in the Wicklow Mountains, and is situated in southern-end of the central section of the range. Tonelagee sits on the main "central spine" of the whole Wicklow Mountains range that runs from Kippure in the north, to Lugnaquillia in the south, and in particular, Tonelagee is the southern terminus of the continuous "central boggy ridge" that runs from the Sally Gap in the north, via Mullaghcleevaun, to Tonelagee.
Tonelagee's prominence of , qualifies it was a Marilyn, and also ranks it as the 15th-highest mountain in Ireland on the MountainViews Online Database, 100 Highest Irish Mountains, where the minimum prominence threshold is 100 metres. Tonelagee's main "boggy massif" includes the northern subsidiary summit of Stoney Top , which has a prominence of that qualifies it as Vandeleur-Lynam; while its second major eastern subsidiary summit of Tonelagee NE Top , has a prominence of also qualifying it as Vandeleur-Lynam.
Tonelagee's massif includes a long south-easterly spur with the summits of (in order of proximity): Tonlagee South-East Top , Brockagh Mountain North-West Top , Brockagh Mountain , and Brockagh Mountain SE Top .
One of Tonelagee's most distinctive features is its deep north-eastern corrie, which contains the "heart-shaped" natural lake of Lough Ouler at (not as high as Wicklow's highest natural lake of Cleevaun Lough at , on Mullaghcleevaun).
Hill walking
A common route to the summit of Tonelagee is from the east via an 8-kilometre 3-4 hour "loop walk" which starts from a large car-park just above Glenmacnass Waterfall just off the R115 road (also called the Old Military Road). The route crosses the Glenmacnass River to reach Tonelagee's north-east corrie and Lough Ouler, from where it then summits via the northern edge of the corrie rim to the summit of Tonelagee (passing the mica-shist "standing stone" along the way); the descent is via Tonelagee NE Top and then directly down to the shoulder to the Glenmacnass Waterfall car park.
A shorter even more direct route is from the Wicklow Gap on the R756 road to the west, climbing the 6-kilometre 2-3 hour route directly up the shoulder of Tonelagee and then retracing back to the car; this route is rarely offered in guidebooks as it leaves out Lough Ouler and Tonelagee's subsidiary summits.
Bibliography
Gallery
See also
Wicklow Way
Wicklow Round
Wicklow Mountains
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
List of Marilyns in the British Isles
List of Hewitt mountains in England, Wales and Ireland
References
External links
MountainViews: The Irish Mountain Website, Tonelagee
MountainViews: Irish Online Mountain Database
The Database of British and Irish Hills , the largest database of British Isles mountains ("DoBIH")
Hill Bagging UK & Ireland, the searchable interface for the DoBIH
Hiking Lough Ouler, guide and itinerary.
Marilyns of Ireland
Mountains and hills of County Wicklow
Hewitts of Ireland
Mountains under 1000 metres
Al-Nashwa (), is a district of Al-Hasakah, Syria.
References
Districts of Al-Hasakah
The 1993 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 62nd staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Meath entered the championship as defending champions.
On 19 September 1993, Cork won the championship following a 2-7 to 0-9 defeat of Meath in the All-Ireland final. This was their 9th All-Ireland title overall and their first title in two championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Quarter-Final
Semi-Finals
Finals
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Preliminary Round
Quarter-Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
Munster Minor Football Championship
Quarter-Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Preliminary Round
Quarter-Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1993
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The Pachhimi are a social group of India. Along with the Purabi, they make up the two branches of the Tharu caste.
Customs
An 1880 record notes:
References
Indian castes
Eligiusz Gwoździński (21 May 1927 – 9 February 2005) was a former Polish footballer who played as a forward. During their playing career it is known that Gwoździński played for Baltia Gdańsk (now known as Lechia Gdańsk), being apart of the clubs first ever official game. They then played for their hometown club, ŁKS Łódź, where Gwoździński had the most success making 14 appearances for the club in the liga.
References
1927 births
2005 deaths
Polish footballers
Lechia Gdańsk players
ŁKS Łódź players
Association football forwards
The Clifton Club is a traditional private members club in Bristol, England, founded in 1818 as a meeting place for the gentlemen of the prosperous port of Bristol.
History
The club was founded in Clifton, an exclusive suburb of Bristol, in 1818 by a host of local gentlemen. It is therefore one of the earliest remaining such clubs in the country: only Brooks's, White's, Boodle's, the Royal Thames Yacht Club, Marylebone Cricket Club, and the Liverpool Athenaeum are older. In a curious coincidence, the meeting held to discuss the club's founding was held in what was then the Clifton Hotel – which subsequently became the club's current home. The club originally had premises in Birdcage Walk. After several years the club's use had dwindled and the decision was taken to disband. In 1850 several of the members of the original club resurrected the club at new premises.
Archives
Records of the Clifton Club are held at Bristol Archives (Ref. 35716) (online catalogue).
Membership
The Clifton Club has for over 190 years been one of the most socially exclusive organisations in Bristol. Membership must be gained on the invitation and recommendation of at least two members of good standing who have each known the candidate for at least three years. Historically the club's membership has included the heads of major Bristol business, local landed gentry, and the higher echelons of the professions. The club has a long and well documented link with the Society of Merchant Venturers; to this day many members of the society are also members of the Clifton Club. Other Bristol institutions whose memberships overlap with that of the club include the Bristol Savages and the Antient Society of St Stephen's Ringers.
The club has reciprocal arrangements with a number of clubs around the world of a similarly exclusive nature including the Travellers Club and the Lansdowne Club in London, The Liverpool Athenaeum, The Royal Scots Club in Edinburgh, Western Club in Glasgow, Phyllis Court in Henley-on-Thames, the Royal Automobile Club of Australia, Union Club of British Columbia and The Ontario Club in Canada, The Cape Town Club and Durban Club in South Africa, The Capital Club in Cairo, the University Club of San Francisco, and The Cornell Club in New York.
For the first 188 years of its existence membership of the club was restricted to men only. In 2006 the members, in a move which caused a degree of controversy amongst the membership, voted to allow women to become full members of the club.
Premises and facilities
The Clifton Club's premises stand at 22, The Mall, Clifton, Bristol. Originally built as the Clifton Assembly Rooms and Hotel, the club purchased the building in the mid-nineteenth century. It was designed by Francis Greenway, later held in Newgate prison on charges of forgery and transported to Australia where they became famous as the father of Australian architecture, and is the only remaining building of their design in the United Kingdom. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The building has an imposing three-storey stone facade, and offers members very luxurious facilities including a salon/drawing room which also contains the main bar, dining room, committee room, bridge room, and snooker room. The club also owns much of the property surrounding the club. In common with other members' clubs the purpose of the Clifton Club is to provide its members with luxurious and exclusive facilities in which they may meet one another, eat, drink, play games such as bridge, chess, backgammon and snooker, and generally use the place as a 'home away from home'.
See also
Travellers Club
Clifton, Bristol
References
John E. Collins, The Clifton Club in Context, (Bristol: Clifton Club Company, 1999)
External links
The Clifton Club website
Article on The Society of Merchant Venturers mentioning the club
1818 establishments in England
Grade II* listed buildings in Bristol
Grade II* listed assembly rooms
Assembly rooms
Grade II* listed clubhouses
Gentlemen's clubs in England
Buildings and structures in Clifton, Bristol
Dance venues in England
Sarichef Island (Inupiaq: Qigiqtaq) is a long and narrow coastal island on the Chukchi Sea-facing coast of Alaska. It is located at the mouth of the Shishmaref Inlet, Kotzebue-Kobuk Low. It is located a hundred miles east of Russia, which can be seen on clear days. The highest point on the island is the 6-meter cemetery in Shishmaref. The island is rapidly disappearing due to the sea level rise associated with global warming.
Sarichef Island is in length. The highest point on the island is above sea level.
Shishmaref town and Shishmaref Airport are located on this island.
This island was named in 1816 by explorer Lt. Otto von Kotzebue, of the Imperial Russian Navy, "in the honor of their worthy" Vice Admiral Gavril Sarychev (1763–1831).
See also
Arctic shrinkage
Sea Islands
References
External links
USGS
Islands of Alaska
Islands of Nome Census Area, Alaska
Islands of the Chukchi Sea
Islands of Unorganized Borough, Alaska
Albert James Baker (December 14, 1874 – March 28, 1964) was an American politician, farmer, and business person.
Life
Born in the town of Primrose, Wisconsin, Baker was a farmer and was in the creamery and insurance business. They married Elizabeth Erfurth (1877–1950) and, following their death, then married Bertha Bowers Skow (1888–1971). They died at their home in Mount Horeb, Wisconsin in 1964, leaving an estate worth over $77,000.
Political career
They served as the Primrose town chairperson (similar to mayor) and town assessor. Baker also served on the school board. Baker served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1927 to 1939 and from 1940 to 1944. They were a Republican.
References
External links
People from Primrose, Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
School board members in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Republicans
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
1874 births
1964 deaths
Railway Exchange Building may refer to the following:
Railway Exchange Building (Chicago), Illinois, U.S., also called the Santa Fe Building, an office building
Railway Exchange Building (Muskogee, Oklahoma), U.S., an eight-story office building
Railway Exchange Building (Portland, Oregon), U.S., an historic building on the National Register of Historic Places
Railway Exchange Building (St. Louis), Missouri, U.S., a 21-story office building
"In Dreams" is a song by Howard Shore, with lyrics by Fran Walsh, originally written for the motion picture The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. In the movie, it was sung by the boy soprano Edward Ross of the London Oratory School Schola. It was also sung by another boy soprano named James Wilson, but was not noted on the album.
The song is one of the musical themes or leitmotifs used in the music written for film series. It is a variation on Frodo's theme, which is a hymn-like variation on the Shire theme, and features a snippet of the Fellowship theme as the bridge of the song. It was originally the main end-credits song, a direct continuation of the Breaking of the Fellowship piece, which features the Hymn variant as well.
Since then, it has been arranged for many occasions, including a full symphonic version arranged by Kurt Bestor and sung by Ryan Tani and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
The last lines pay homage to There and Back Again, an alternate title for Lord of the Rings author J. R. R. Tolkien's earlier book The Hobbit, which precedes and sets the background for the main story that has been adapted into major motion pictures.
Notes
2001 songs
Songs about dreams
The Lord of the Rings (film series) music
Songs written by Howard Shore
Songs with lyrics by Fran Walsh
The Vintage is a 1957 American crime drama film directed by Jeffrey Hayden and starring Pier Angeli, Mel Ferrer, John Kerr, Michèle Morgan and Theodore Bikel. The screenplay was written by Michael Blankfort, based on a novel by Ursula Keir. The film was distributed by MGM.
Plot
Italian brothers Ernesto and Giancarlo Barandero are fugitives, Ernesto having accidentally killed a man. They cross the border to France and hope to find work picking grapes.
While vineyard owner Louis Morel is away, wife Leonne and young sister-in-law Lucienne make the brothers feel welcome. Louis does not offer them a job, but Ernesto and Giancarlo are given temporary shelter in a shack where Louis' elderly uncle Tonton stays. They are brought food by Lucienne, whose interest makes them intended husband Etienne extremely jealous.
A crew of Spanish pickers led by Eduardo Uribon are willing to let the brothers work with them. Yolande, the young daughter of Louis and Leonne, comes upon Ernesto carving a sculpture of their mother. They ask them not to mention it.
The police are tipped off by Etienne to check on these two strangers, Etienne wanting the brothers to be gone. Louis decides to fire them, but Eduardo's crew have taken a liking to Ernesto and Giancarlo and refuse to work without them. Louis desperately needs this year's crop, so they concede.
A chicken thief has been active and dogs are sent out, but they attack Giancarlo, incorrectly causing Louis to accuse them of being the thief. Lucienne now loves Giancarlo and comes to their defense. When the sculpture of Leonne carved by Ernesto is found by Louis, they accuse their wife of infidelity. They slap their face.
It is revealed Uncle Tonton has been stealing the chickens, trading them to a merchant for chocolate. Giancarlo, no longer suspected, is told by Lucienne that if they marry, their dowry would be a small vineyard nearby. Ernesto realizes that Giancarlo could be happy here, so they decide to flee alone. The police arrive, however, and when young Yolande calls out their name, Ernesto is shot. Despite their sorrow, Giancarlo hopes they and Lucienne together can begin a new life.
Cast
Pier Angeli as Lucienne
Mel Ferrer as Giancarlo Barandero
John Kerr as Ernesto Barandero
Michèle Morgan as Léonne Morel
Theodore Bikel as Eduardo Uribari
Leif Erickson as Louis Morel
Jack Mullaney as Etienne Morel
Joe Verdi as Uncle Ton Ton
Music
The score for the film was composed and conducted by David Raksin. Additional source music included guitar solos performed by actor Theodore Bikel.
Raksin's music from the film received its premiere release, in any format, on CD in 2009 on Film Score Monthly records.
Box office
According to MGM records the film earned $260,000 in the US and Canada and $1,020,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $1,072,000.
References
External links
1957 films
1957 crime drama films
Films shot in Saint-Tropez
Films set in France
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
CinemaScope films
Films scored by David Raksin
1950s English-language films
St Luke's Church, Blakenhall is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Blakenhall, Wolverhampton.
History
The foundation stone was laid on 26 June 1860 by Revd. W. Dalton, vicar of St Philip's Church, Penn. It was designed by the architect G. T. Robinson of Leamington Spa, and was consecrated by the Bishop of Lichfield on 18 July 1861.
Pevsner describes the church as furiously unruly.
Present day
In 2014 it was announced that parts of the tower and spire were unsafe and the roof and floor had dry rot. The Diocese of Lichfield was seeking formal closure of the church as the congregation was unable to raise funding to match that offered by English Heritage to repair the church. The congregation are currently worshipping in St Luke's Primary School.
The church is no longer used for worship. The congregation now meet next door at St Luke's Primary School. The church building was sold and is now an antiques shop.
St Luke's Church is within the Conservative Evangelical tradition of the Church of England and it has passed resolutions to reject the ordination of women. It receives alternative episcopal oversight from the Bishop of Maidstone (currently Rod Thomas).
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Churches completed in 1861
Grade II* listed churches in the West Midlands (county)
1861 establishments in England
Blakenhall
Aydoğmuş may refer to the following places in Turkey:
Aydoğmuş, Çay
Aydoğmuş, Kurucaşile
Aydoğmuş, Nallıhan
The Sanremo Music Festival 2004 was the 54th annual Sanremo Music Festival, held at the Teatro Ariston in Sanremo, province of Imperia, between 2 and 6 March 2004 and broadcast by Rai 1.
The show was presented by Simona Ventura, supported by Paola Cortellesi and Gene Gnocchi. Composer Tony Renis served as the artistic director.
For the first time since 1984, in this edition there is not a division of the singers in two sections (Big Artists and Newcomers) but a single competition.
As was the case in 1975, due to disagreements between the organizer of the festival Tony Renis and the major record companies, the latter boycotted the festival not inserting their prominent names in the competition.
The winner of the competition was Marco Masini with the song "L'uomo volante". Mario Venuti won the critics prize with the song "Crudele".
In addition to musical guests, the guests of this edition also included Dustin Hoffman, Cirque du Soleil, Stefania Sandrelli, Rupert Everett, Raoul Bova, Roberto Bolle.
After every night, Bruno Vespa and Alba Parietti hosted a special edition of the talk show Porta a Porta with the participation of singers and journalists.
Participants and results
Musical guests
References
Sanremo Music Festival by year
2004 in Italian music
2004 music festivals
2004 in Italian television
Kristian Nicht (born 3 April 1982) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Europe
After growing up learning the game in the academy system of their hometown club FC Carl Zeiss Jena through 2002, Nicht joined Stuttgarter Kickers of the Regionalliga Süd, Germany's then third-tier, for the 2002–03 campaign. Nicht notched six clean sheets in 30 appearances as the team's first-choice 'keeper, matches that included their first professional shutout vs. Jahn Regensburg (3 August 2002, 0–0 D) and a notable 4–2 win against Bayern Munich II, the reserve squad of the famed Bavarian club on 17 August 2002. At FC Carl Zeiss Jena, they developed a close relationship with Germany national team goalkeeper Robert Enke.
Nicht signed with 1. FC Nürnberg for the 2003–04 season and earn the starting role for the club's reserves side that competed in the Oberliga Bayern, Bavaria's regional league. A year to the day after registering their first career shutout with Stuttgarter Kickers, Nicht marked their Nürnberg debut in the same fashion, blanking Jahn Regensburg II in a 0–0 stalemate, the first of their 26 appearances during the campaign.
At the age of 23, Nicht began a three-and-a-year stint with Alemannia Aachen from 2004 to 2007, during which they helped the squad achieve promotion out of the 2. Bundesliga and into Germany's top-flight. After starting their stint with Alemannia Aachen's reserve squad, three straight wins in the spring saw them promoted to the first team, for which they started the season's final five contests (including three wins). The 2005–06 campaign saw Nicht installed as the starter from day one, and they went on to play every minute of the team's first 31 contests that season, which they finished with 11 shutouts and a 1.10 goals against average. Nicht's fourth shutout in five games in a 1–0 away win at Eintracht Braunschweig on 7 April 2006, secured the team's promotion to the Bundesliga with five games remaining.
In the 2006–07 season, Nicht started half of the 34 matches in Aachen's return to top division after a 36-year absence and also led the squad to wins in the first and second round of the DFB-Pokal. Nicht reasserted themselves in the starting lineup late in the season but not could not prevent club from relegation back to the 2. Bundesliga. Nicht recorded three shutouts in five appearances before leaving club in winter, but not before making a noteworthy send-off appearance in a 0–0 draw at TuS Koblenz on 14 December, in which they manned the goal from the 40th minute onward, replacing the red-carded starting keeper and immediately saving a penalty.
January 2008 saw Nicht transfer to Norwegian side Viking FK, for whom they plied their trade for a season-and-a-half through July 2009. They recorded a debut shutout to help their new team to a 1–0 defeat of Strømsgodset, the first of their 18 appearances (17 starts), which they compiled six shutouts and a 1.19 GAA. Viking's successful 2008 earned the club entry to the qualification round of the UEFA Cup (now Europa League) in which Nicht started and played every minute of the two-leg tie against Finnish side FC Honka. Nicht held FC Honka scoreless in away fixture to seize upper hand but surrendered two goals in 2–1 defeat in return leg at home that saw Viking exit the tournament.
Nicht returned to their homeland to suit up with Karlsruher SC of the 2. Bundesliga for the 2009–10 Regionaliga Süd season. They made five appearances for their reserve squad in Regionaliga Süd play that ensuing season, showing merit through three shutout performances and a 0.83 GAA. Nicht served as the second-string keeper for first-team until final two fixtures of the season, during which they allowed just one goal across their 180 minutes of action. The 2010–11 season saw Nicht start the season as the first-choice goalkeeper and made 12 appearances, all starts.
North America
On 6 March 2012, the Rochester Rhinos announced they had signed Nicht for the 2012 USL Pro season. To begin their first season with the club, Nicht recorded a North American record to start a season with six consecutive shutouts. They continued this strong form throughout the season recording a league leading eleven total shutouts, ranked second in USL PRO with a 0.909 goals against average and 12 wins, and fourth in the league in total saves. Their play earned them the 2012 USL PRO Goalkeeper of the Year award. Additionally, they were named to the first all pro team of the USL.
On 1 October 2013, Indy Eleven of the North American Soccer League, the second tier of the United States soccer league system, announced that Nicht had been signed as the club's first-ever player.
In February 2015, Nicht joined Montreal Impact on a short-term loan, as cover for the Impact's Champions League games. On 27 April 2015, the Montreal Impact acquired Nicht by way of transfer. The move was made since the Impact were in desperate need of a goalie for the 2nd leg of the 2014–15 CONCACAF Champions League finals after losing Evan Bush to a suspension and having Eric Kronberg being cupped tied already with Sporting Kansas City. They made their debut on 29 April 2015, on the 2nd leg of 2014–15 CONCACAF Champions League Final, against Club América. They were released by the club just five days later on 4 May 2015. On 12 May 2015, they signed a contract to re-join Indy Eleven.
Nicht signed with Minnesota United FC on 5 February 2016.
Personal life
In November 2015, Nicht received their U.S. green card.
Honours
Individual
USL Pro Goalkeeper of the Year: 2012
USL Pro All League First Team: 2012
USL Pro Shutout Leader (11): 2012
USL Pro Player of the Week (6): 15 May 2012
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jena
People from Bezirk Gera
German footballers
Footballers from Thuringia
Association football goalkeepers
German expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
Stuttgarter Kickers players
1. FC Nürnberg players
Alemannia Aachen players
Viking FK players
Rochester New York FC players
Eliteserien players
USL Championship players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Indy Eleven players
CF Montréal players
North American Soccer League players
Minnesota United FC (2010–2016) players
German expatriate sportspeople in Norway
German expatriate sportspeople in the United States
German expatriate sportspeople in Canada
The Magura Cave (Bulgarian "пещера Магура") is located in north-western Bulgaria close to the village of Rabisha, from the town of Belogradchik in Vidin Province.
The prehistoric wall paintings of Magura have great resemblance with those of the Grotta dei Cervi in Italy, which are of exceptional expression and artistic depth and are considered the most significant works of art of the European Post-Paleolithic era.
Guided visits are conducted by the staff of Belogradchik municipality, to which the management of the cave was transferred in 2012 by the Bulgarian Council of Ministers.
In 1984 the site was induced into UNESCO's tentative list of World Heritage.
Description
The total length of the 15 million year old cave is . The average annual temperature of the cave is , except for one room where the temperature is always . The air humidity reaches 80% and the displacement - . The Magura cave was formed in the limestone Rabisha Hill ( above sea level). The morphology of the cave consists of one main gallery with six various-sized halls and three lateral galleries around it. The main gallery is composed of six chambers, variously sized; the largest one, the so-called Arc Hall, is long, wide and high, including impressive natural vaults, speleothems, spectacular stalactites and stalagmites, named The Poplar, The Pipe Organ, The Oriental City and The Cactus. The very spacious site also allows for music concerts to be held during Christmas and Easter.
Fauna
Bones from prehistoric species like cave bear, cave hyena, fox, wolf, wild cat and otter have been discovered in the Magura Cave. Today, constant inhabitants of the cave is the collembola, as well as four types of bats (greater and lesser horseshoe bat, greater mouse-eared bat and Schreibers's bat or also called common bent-wing bat).
Paintings
Cave paintings dating from the Epipaleolithic, late Neolithic, Eneolithic and early Bronze Age decorate some of the cave's walls. The paintings have been estimated to be made between 10.000 and 8.000 years ago. The drawings represent important events of the society that had occupied the Magura Cave: religious ceremonies, hunting scenes and depictions of deities which are unique on the Balkan peninsula. The Fertility Dance and the Hunting Ceremony rank among the most noteworthy paintings.
One grouping from the Bronze Age has been interpreted as a solar calendar. According to Alexey Stoev and Penka Vlaykova Stoeva Bronze Age "paintings of staggered black and white squares used to count the days in the calendar month permit to describe fairly accurately the number of days in the solar tropical year (Stoev and Muglova 1999). The cave paintings allowed storing information about regional solar calendar, customs, religious festivals, and rituals of the society the earliest such representation yet discovered in Europe."
Contemporary imitations of possible fertility rites are reported — inscriptions in Latin and paintings made by treasure-hunters. The medium used to create the art was bat guano. More than 750 images have been identified.
Painted signs can be organised into four thematic groups: anthropomorphic, zoomorphic, geometric, and symbolic (astronomic?) figures. For the first group, there are bitriangular silhouettes with raised rounded arms (females with a sort of waist bow, males with legs and sex like a trident, sometimes stylised like a "bottle opener"), archers, ithyphallic figures, copula, linear schematic anthropomorphic figures with raised arms (sometimes like dancing) and "fungiforms". Regarding zoomorphic items, there are caprids, bovids, dogs, "ostrich-like" animals (big birds) and schematic linear quadrupeds. Geometric signs show T-shaped figures, vertical parallel lines, horizontal zigzags, vertical parallel zigzags, branch-like or tree-like figures, chessboard patterns, rhombi, horizontal stair-like patterns, crossed networks, honeycomb networks and crossed circles. Few rayed circle figures, mainly the two unica of the so-called calendar scene, likely represent a sun depiction.
Taking count of some associated figures, it is possible to recognize dancing, hunting, and mating scenes. In the so-called Cult Hall a large horizontal dance and hunting scene is depicted, arranged in two main rows: these are the best known and most reproduced Magura Cave images.
Access to the area of the paintings is restricted in an effort to preserve them. Before 1993, the cave wasn't protected and there was free access to all. For this reason, some of the drawings have been vandalised and there are scratches on the walls. The cave is now open to the public all year round although the drawings can be seen only with the presence of a tour guide and the payment of a fee.
References
External links
The Magura Cave, at tourism site Bulgariatravel.org
Pictures from the Magura Cave
Bulgarian rock art: the Magura Cave paintings, paper on TRACCE Online Rock Art Bulletin
Magura Cave photo gallery, 45 pictures
Caves of Bulgaria
Balkan mountains
Landforms of Vidin Province
Tourist attractions in Vidin Province
Belogradchik Municipality
Archaeological sites in Bulgaria
History of Vidin Province
Limestone caves
Show caves in Bulgaria
Caves containing pictograms
CSO or C.S.O. may refer to:
Occupations
Chief scientific officer
Chief Scientist Office of the Scottish government
Chief security officer
Chief services officer
Chief Signal Officer (U.S. Army)
Chief strategy officer
Chief sustainability officer
Combat systems officer (U.S. Air Force)
Community service officer
Police community support officer
Sales manager (chief sales officer)
Chief of Space Operations, the head of the United States Space Force
Orchestras
Canberra Symphony Orchestra
Canton Symphony Orchestra
Carmel Symphony Orchestra
Charleston Symphony Orchestra
Charlotte Symphony Orchestra
Chicago Symphony Orchestra
Christchurch Symphony Orchestra
Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra
Colorado Symphony Orchestra
Columbia Symphony Orchestra
Columbus Symphony Orchestra
Organizations
Bureau of Conflict and Stabilization Operations, at the US Department of State
Centers for Space Oceanography
Central Statistical Organisation, India
Central Statistics Office (Ireland)
Central Statistics Organization, Afghanistan
Civil society organization
Coastal States Organization
Conference of Solidarity Support Organizations
Czech Statistical Office
Other
.CSO, compressed file format for ISO disc images
Caltech Submillimeter Observatory, Mauna Kea, Hawaii
Carbonyl sulfide
CCSO Nameserver
Colour-separation overlay, an alternative term for chroma key visual processing
Combined sewer overflow
Composante Spatiale Optique, a 2019 French spy satellite
Compulsory stock obligation
Computer Science Ontology
Counter-Strike Online, a Free MMOFPS made by Nexon
CSO Online, an online publication
Magdeburg–Cochstedt Airport in Saxony Anhalt, Germany (IATA airport code CSO)
See also
Central Statistical Office (disambiguation)
Central Statistics Office (disambiguation)
Court security officer (disambiguation)
Arani Municipality is the first municipal section of the Arani Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. Its seat is Arani. At the time of census 2001 the municipality had 11,542 inhabitants.
It is bordered to the north by the Tiraque Province, to the east by the Vacas Municipality, to the south by the Mizque Province and to the west by the Punata Province.
Subdivision
The municipality consists of the following three cantons:
Population
The people are predominantly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent.
Festivities
Every year on August 24 the population of Arani celebrates one of its most important Catholic festivities, Virgen La Bella, dedicated to the Virgin Mary, whose image is venerated with much devotion by the residents and people from abroad.
See also
K'illi K'illi
References
External links
Arani Municipality: Population data and map
Municipalities of the Cochabamba Department
Mark C. Fayne (born May 15, 1987) is an American former professional ice hockey player. They played with the New Jersey Devils and Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They were selected by the Devils in the 5th round (155th overall) of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Early career
Fayne was born in Nashua, New Hampshire and raised in Bourne, Massachusetts. They attended Providence College where they played four seasons (2006–10) of Hockey East college hockey. Before Providence College, they played hockey for the prestigious Noble and Greenough School under the coaching of Brian Day.
New Jersey Devils
Turning professional for the 2010–11 season, Fayne had played only 16 games for the Devils' AHL affiliate Albany Devils before receiving an emergency call-up to the NHL on November 22, 2010. They scored their first NHL goal in their 10th game on December 15, 2010 against Ilya Bryzgalov of the Phoenix Coyotes.
On July 20, 2012, Fayne signed a two-year deal worth $2.6 million in order to remain with the Devils. Fayne played in 31 out of the lockout shortened 48 games during the 2012-13 New Jersey Devils season, largely due to injuries (including wrist surgery to repair a torn ligament just prior to the season, and a season ending "bulging disc" in their lower back). They played in 71 games during the 2013-14 New Jersey Devils season.
Edmonton Oilers
On July 1, 2014, Fayne signed a four-year $14 million contract with the Edmonton Oilers after becoming an unrestricted free agent.
Entering the final year of their contract with the Oilers, and having failed to play up to expectations, Fayne began the season in the AHL, continuing their tenure with affiliate, the Bakersfield Condors. They appeared in just 6 games with the Condors in the 2017–18 campaign before they were loaned to fellow AHL club, the Springfield Thunderbirds on December 19, 2017. In order for the Thunderbirds to accept Fayne, their NHL affiliate the Florida Panthers also acquired Greg Chase from the Oilers.
On September 4, 2018, Fayne was invited to attend the Boston Bruins' training camp on a professional tryout agreement.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Albany Devils players
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Bakersfield Condors players
Edmonton Oilers players
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
Ice hockey people from New Hampshire
New Jersey Devils draft picks
New Jersey Devils players
Noble and Greenough School alumni
People from Bourne, Massachusetts
Providence Friars men's ice hockey players
Sportspeople from Barnstable County, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Nashua, New Hampshire
Springfield Thunderbirds players
The 1960–61 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 22nd season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Tigrene won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1960 in Norwegian sport
1961 in Norwegian sport
Green Street is a street in New London, Connecticut. It was laid out in 1787 principally through the land of Timothy Green in Downtown New London and is located off State Street and retains its original length and width with a number of buildings within arm's reach of each other. Green Street is intersected by Golden Street (laid out in 1782) and Green's Alley (laid out 1786) as Cross Street.
Of the existing "ancient" structures in this area listed in as part of the Downtown New London Historic District is the 1st Richard Douglass House located at 102 Golden Street, the 1801 Richard Douglass House on Green Street, The 1740s "Mistress House" next to the Richard Douglass House and on neighboring Green's Alley the 1789 Reverend West House.
After the burning of New London in 1781 by British and Tory forces as part of the Battle of Groton Heights by Gen. Benedict Arnold, Green Street was laid out and contained many houses and small businesses including a bakery, cooperage, and more. Several churches also surrounded the neighborhood.
In the early 20th century, Green Street was the home of several artists and actors as well as those that worked in many of the local theatres (Capitol, Lyceum). The first organizing of the Methodist Church happened at the home of Richard Douglass on Green Street in 1793
References
Geography of New London County, Connecticut
Streets in Connecticut
Transportation in New London County, Connecticut
The eyebrowed jungle flycatcher (Vauriella gularis) is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is endemic to the island of Borneo (elevated areas, including the Meratus Mountains). The natural habitat of the eyebrowed jungle flycatcher is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It builds an open, mossy cup nest, generally in epiphytes or spiny palms.
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Vauriella when a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010 found that Rhinomyias was polyphyletic.
References
External links
Video of female feeding young
eyebrowed jungle flycatcher
Birds of East Malaysia
Endemic birds of Borneo
eyebrowed jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hubert Butler (11 July 1906 – unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.
Playing career
Butler was born in Atherton, then in Lancashire but subsequently part of Greater Manchester. They began their career in non-league football at Chorley F.C. and in June 1928 signed for Crystal Palace, then playing in the Football League Third Division South. They made their debut in an away defeat to Northampton Town in October and then became a regular in the side which finished second in the table in 1928–9 making 26 League appearances and scoring 10 times. Over the following three seasons, Butler made 22 appearances (four goals), 39 appearances (14 goals) and 21 appearances (3 goals) respectively. In June 1932, Butler moved on to Chester City. They had made 124 appearances in all competitions for Palace, scoring 39 times.
References
External links
Butler at holmesdale.com
1906 births
People from Atherton, Greater Manchester
English footballers
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Year of death missing
Blankenese High Lighthouse (also known as Blankenese Upper Lighthouse) was a lighthouse on the river Elbe in the Hamburg district of Blankenese, from 1984 to 2020.
Description
Blankenese High Lighthouse and Blankenese Low Lighthouse form a range of lights for ships sailing upriver on the Elbe. With a range of 8.4 kilometers, they have the longest range on the Unterelbe.
The Blankenese High Lighthouse was 40-meters tall, white-and-red-striped concrete tower with a red steel lantern house was constructed in 1983. It is located in Baurs Park on the Kanonenberg, approximately 1,340 meters from the low light. Inside it has a round staircase leading to the top. Because of its height, the tower has an obstacle lighting for air transport.
The eleven-ton lantern house was assembled using a mobile crane. The range of lights went operational on 29 November 1984.
The lighthouse was remotely controlled by the Seemanshöft Pilot Centre.
Replacement
Due to adjustments to the Elbe fairway, both the High and the Low Lighthouses were replaced to a similar 62.25 m high at Mühlenberg and demolished.
See also
List of lighthouses and lightvessels in Germany
References
External links
Data and images at leuchtturm-atlas.de
Data at leuchtturm-web.de
Description at leuchttuerme.net
Images and description
Lighthouses in Hamburg
Buildings and structures in Altona, Hamburg
Kilcroagh is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, near Castlederg. It is situated in the historic barony of Omagh West and the civil parish of Urney and covers an area of 351 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: Coill Chruaiche (wood of the round hill).
The population of the townland declined during the 19th century:
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a standing stone: the White Stone (grid ref: H2554 8487) which stands over 1.5m high and is made almost entirely of quartz, hence the local name.
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
Barony of Omagh West
Johannes Christopher Hagemann Reinhardt (23 December 1778 – 31 October 1845), sometimes called J. C. H. Reinhardt, was a professor in zoology at the University of Copenhagen.
Born in Rendalen parish in Norway, their father, Johannes Henrik Reinhardt, was a priest, and their mother, Johanne Elisabeth Mommesen, was from Holmestrand (Norway). They were not baptized Johannes, but adopted the name later. After having been educated at home, they came to Copenhagen in 1792 and entered the university in 1793, where they passed the first two examinations, but after that spent almost two years at home, where they used the opportunity to study plants and animals. In 1796, they returned to Copenhagen to study theology, but their tendencies pulled them away from this study and towards natural history. They became a disciple of Martin Vahl, with whose help Reinhardt in 1801 got the opportunity to travel abroad, where they stayed until 1806 (in the beginning a mentor for a son of the titular councillor of state J.C.C. Brun). At first, Reinhardt studied mineralogy at the academy of mining in Freiberg, later primarily zoology and anatomy in Göttingen and finally in Paris. During their stay there they received an appointment as an inspector for that part of the newly established Royal Museum for Natural History which was founded by acquiring the collections of the Society for Natural History in 1805. They were just about to start as a private tutor in a German family in Normandy, but accepted happily the post as inspector instead, although the annual salary was only 200 Rdl., because they now felt it possible to return home without having to choose between "death from hunger or practising law". They remained in Paris for a few months more and tried to extend their rather insufficient knowledge by studying in the museums and by following Georges Cuvier's lectures, that had excited their enthusiasm. In late 1806 they returned and immediately took over the management of the collection. In 1809 they started giving lectures in the museum, and when professor J. Rathke had been transferred to Christiania, Reinhardt was also employed by the university in 1813, at first as a senior lecturer and the year after as a professor extraordinarius in natural history. In 1814, they married Mette Margrethe Nicoline Hammeleff (1782–1832), a daughter of titular councillor of state N. Hammeleff and Juliane Marie Hammeleff, born Pontoppidan. In 1821, they became a member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, in 1830 ordinary professor and a member of the Academic Council; in 1836 they were appointed honourable Doctor of Philosophy, and in 1839 they became titular councillor of state.
They were the father of herpetologist Johannes Theodor Reinhardt (1816-1882), who with Christian Frederik Lütken (1827-1901), published Bidrag til Kundskab om Brasiliens Padder og Krybdyr (Contributions to the knowledge of Brazilian amphibians and reptiles.
Reinhardt died on 31 October 1845 in Copenhagen.
Taxon described by them
See :Category:Taxa named by Johan Reinhardt
References
1776 births
People from Rendalen
1845 deaths
Danish zoologists
Scientists from Copenhagen
Orlando Bezerra de Menezes Airport is the airport serving Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil. It is named after a local politician and entrepreneur.
It is operated by AENA.
History
The airport has been operated by Infraero since 2002 but on March 15, 2019 AENA won a 30-year concession to operate the airport.
Airlines and destinations
Access
The airport is located from downtown Juazeiro do Norte.
See also
List of airports in Brazil
References
External links
Airports in Ceará
Juazeiro do Norte
Yemen competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's seventh consecutive appearance at the Summer Olympics, since its reunification in 1990.
Three Yemeni athletes, two men and one woman, were selected to the team to compete each in athletics, judo, and swimming. All of them made their Olympic debut in Rio de Janeiro, with lightweight judoka Zeyad Mater leading the Yemeni delegation as the nation's flag bearer in the opening ceremony. Yemen, however, has yet to win its first ever Olympic medal.
Athletics
Yemen has received a universality slot from IAAF to send a male athlete to the Olympics.
Track & road events
Judo
Yemen has received an invitation from the Tripartite Commission to send a judoka competing in the men's lightweight category (73 kg) to the Olympics.
Swimming
Yemen has received a Universality invitation from FINA to send two swimmers to the Olympics, signifying the nation's Olympic return to the sport after an eight-year hiatus.
References
External links
Olympics
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Desamangalam Ramakrishnan is a Malayalam–language poet, translator, critic and teacher. They were born in 1948 in Desamangalam in Thalapilly taluk, Trichur district. They obtained their M.A. degree in Malayalam from Pattambi Sanskrit College. Subsequently, they joined the Calicut University and researched on Malayalam poetry under K. N. Ezhuthachan. They were awarded a fellowship from the Central Ministry of Culture. They worked as a lecturer at various government colleges from 1975 to 1989. They were a professor of Malayalam literature at the University of Kerala till their retirement in 2008. They then served as Emeritus Fellow of U. G. C. in Calicut University (2009-2011).
Works
Poetry
Krishnapaksham
Vittupoya Vakkukal
Thatha Ramayanam
Chithal Varum Kaalam
Kanathaya Kuttikal
Maravi Ezhuthunnath
Vicharichathalla
Ethra Yadruchikam
Carol
Badhirathanmar
Dhanushkodiyile Nizhalukal
Translations
Derek Walcottinte Kavithakal
Sthreeloka Kavitha
Bharatheeya Kavithakal
Bhavishyathchithrapadam
Telugu Kavitha
Study
Kavyabhashayile Prashnangal (Editor)
Research
Kaviyude Kalathanthram
Articles
Vazhipadum Puthuvazhiyum
Awards
2000: P. Kunhiraman Nair Award — Maravi Ezhuthunnathu
2013: Ulloor Award — Carol
2014: Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award for Overall Contributions
2018: Asan Smaraka Kavitha Puraskaram
References
Living people
Malayali people
People from Thrissur district
Indian male poets
Malayalam-language writers
Malayalam poets
20th-century Indian poets
21st-century Indian poets
1948 births
Biscochos, also known as biscochos de huevo, or biscotios, are a traditional Sephardi Jewish ring-shaped cookie commonly prepared for Hanukkah, Purim, and other Jewish holidays.
Overview
Biscochos are a small ring-shaped twice-baked cookie with a crisp texture, similar to an abadi cookie, with a dough typically containing flour, oil, sugar, orange juice, vanilla or anise extract. The cookies are often topped with either cinnamon sugar or coated with an egg wash and topped with sesame seeds.
History
Biscochos originated in the Sephardi Jewish community of Spain, and after the Inquisition in the 15th century, biscochos migrated with the surviving Sephardi Jews fleeing Spain to the Maghreb, the Middle East, and Turkey. With the arrival of Sephardi Jews to the United States, as well as the expulsion of Sephardim from Middle Eastern countries in 1949, and their subsequent refuge in Israel; bischochos are now more commonly found in these two countries.
Preparation
According to Jonathan Arogeti, who bakes biscochos at their synagogue in Atlanta, Georgia, "The dough needs to be rolled out pencil thin before it is twisted and made into the signature circle shape, the older generation always checks and makes sure that each strand of dough is not too thick."
Popularity
Biscochos are popular among those in the Sephardi Jewish community, and are most frequently consumed during Hanukkah and Purim, among other Jewish holidays.
Popularity in the United States
Biscochos de huevo are prepared by Sephardic Jewish Americans for special occasions and holidays. Congregants of the Or VeShalom Congregation, a Sephardi synagogue in Atlanta, Georgia, prepare biscochos for the synagogue's "Hanukkah Bazaar", an annual event which has been hosted by the synagogue since 1972. The event celebrates Hanukkah and offers various Sephardi cookies, pastries and other baked goods baked by their congregation. Or VeShalom's variant of this cookie is topped with cinnamon sugar.
See also
Ma'amoul
Hamantash
Abadi cookie
Sephardi Jewish cuisine
References
Hanukkah foods
Israeli cuisine
Jewish American cuisine
Jewish cuisine
Purim foods
Sephardi Jewish cuisine
The Bergen Corpus of London Teenage Language (COLT) is a data set of samples of spoken English that was compiled in 1993 from tape recorded and transcribed conversations by teens between the ages of 13 and 17 in schools throughout London, England. This corpus, which has been tagged for part of speech using the CLAWS 6 tagset, is one of the linguistic research projects housed at the University of Bergen in Norway.
Resultant research
Linguistic analysis based on COLT has appeared in the book Trends in Teenage Talk and subsequent journal articles, including, for example, work tracking innit, cos, degree modifiers, extenders, the use of taboo words, and negation.
References
English corpora
Applied linguistics
Linguistic research
University of Bergen
Corpora
Youth culture
Xinjian () may refer to these places in China:
Xinjian District, a suburban district of Nanchang, Jiangxi
Towns
Xinjian, Guizhou, in Fenggang County, Guizhou
Xinjian, Hunan, in Zhongfang County, Hunan
Xinjian, Jiangsu, in Yixing, Jiangsu
Xinjian, Zhejiang, in Jinyun County, Zhejiang
Townships
Xinjian Township, Ningnan County, in Ningnan County, Sichuan
Xinjian Township, Yingjing County, in Yingjing County, Sichuan
Subdistricts
Xinjian Subdistrict, Qiqihar, in Ang'angxi District, Qiqihar, Heilongjiang
Xinjian Subdistrict, Baishan, in Hunjiang District, Baishan, Jilin
Xinjian Subdistrict, Jilin City, in Changyi District, Jilin City, Jilin
Xinjian Subdistrict, Yingkou, in Zhanqian District, Yingkou, Liaoning
Xinjian Subdistrict, Jinzhong, in Yuci District, Jinzhong, Shanxi
Xinjian Subdistrict, Nanchong, in Shunqing District, Nanchong, Sichuan
See also
Xinjiang, an autonomous region of China
Xinjiang (disambiguation)
Kitay may refer to:
Cathay, alternative English name for China
David Kitay (born 1961), American film composer
Kitay-gorod, business district in Moscow
The New China (Osvobozhdyonnyy kitay), 1950 Soviet documentary
See also
Kitai (disambiguation)
Stylidium scariosum is a small plant species in the family Ericaceae. It is endemic to Western Australia.
The species was described in 1839 by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle.
It is found in the IBRA regions of Jarrah Forest, the Swan Coastal Plain and the Geraldton Sandplains.
References
scariosum
Ericales of Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Taxa named by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle
Plants described in 1839
"Cupid" (also known in Japan as ) is a song by Canadian recording artist Daniel Powter from their fourth studio album Turn on the Lights (2012). It was released as a digital download on 10 April 2012 as the lead single from the album. The song charted at number 38 on the Billboard Adult Pop Songs chart.
Background
Powter stated the inspiration and meaning for writing the song "Cupid" was when they were walking with their dog in a park one day and saw an elderly couple hugging and dancing with each other. They also added:
I thought to myself: 'Oh my god. That is so amazing.' So I went back home and started writing all of these lyrics about: It doesn't matter if you're yin, doesn't matter if you're the yang. It's just that, the only thing that matters is that you love each other. So Cupid is trying to capture that moment where we're very different but we still love each other.
Formats and track listings
Digital Download
Cupid - 3:44
UK Promo CD
Cupid - 3:44
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Cupid" was first released onto YouTube on 29 May 2012 at a total length of three minutes and fifty-three seconds. The video was directed by Neil Tardio and depicts the story of a couple, a man and a woman, and the stages in the life of their relationship (From the start where they are young adults and playful, to when they have children and at the end when they have a large family). Powter appears singing on the beach, outside their house and also near the end of the video where they 'gives away' the woman at the renewing of their wedding vows with the man. The video ends with the lovers walking on the beach with their many family relatives. The music video was shot in Malibu, California.
Track listing
Christmas Cupid
Powter's single "Cupid" in a Christmas themed version.
Chart performance
Release history
References
2012 singles
Daniel Powter songs
Avex Group singles
2012 songs
Songs written by Kevin Griffin
Songs written by Daniel Powter
Cupid in music
The Tumbes swallow (Tachycineta stolzmanni) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.
It is found in northwestern Peru and far southwestern Ecuador.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, coastal saline lagoons, and arable land.
References
Tumbes swallow
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Tumbes swallow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
TRANSIMS (TRansportation ANalysis SIMulation System) is an integrated set of tools developed to conduct regional transportation system analyses. With the goal of establishing TRANSIMS as an ongoing public resource available to the transportation community, TRANSIMS is made available under the NASA Open Source Agreement Version 1.3
Background
TRANSIMS is an integrated set of tools to conduct regional transportation system analyses based on a cellular automata microsimulator. It uses a new paradigm of modeling individual travelers and their multi-modal transportation based on synthetic populations and their activities. Compared to other transportation aggregate models, TRANSIMS represents time consistently and continuously, as well as detailed persons and households. Its time-dependent routing and person-based microsimulator also differ from other aggregate models.
Methodology
Overview
The goal of the methodology is to load traffic onto the network and iterate towards the Nash equilibrium. Submodules include population synthesizer, activity generator, route planner and microsimulator. Feedback from modules will be next input as the equilibration process iterates. Travelers are modeled to achieve a shorter path that is best for the overall population instead of a significantly better route. One important constraint is that travelers choose a transportation mode according to travel surveys rather than to optimize their travel needs.
Input data
TRANSIMS creates a road network, a transit network, as well as transit schedules in this step. Usually, street and transit networks are available from metropolitan planning organizations. Networks can be exported from other traffic analysis tools into a fairly simple tabular format to be input into TRANSIMS. Several features are imbedded in TRANSIMS to edit networks. It can make use of some common GIS tools and formats (shapefiles) with regards to network editing and visualization. It can also understand important geographic information systems, such as state plane system, universal transverse mercator system, etc.
There are challenges for network data. Street network is usually available through public Census Tiger/Line, commercial NavTeq, and especially networks prepared and maintained by MPOs. However, many details that are not typically provided by common data sources are needed, such as traffic signals, turn lanes, etc. In addition, street network must be topologically appropriate, that is, connections between links must be consistent and representative. Transit network must be compatible with the street network layer. Data usually must be compiled from several independent sources. Buses are flowing with the traffic, therefore results may conflict with original bus schedules.
Population synthesizer
This step is to mimic regional population to ensure that demographics closely match real population, and that households distribution spatially approximates that of regional population. Detailed functions of the population synthesize include the generation of synthetic households from the census block group data, development of each household demographic characteristics (income, members, etc.), placement of each synthetic household on a link in transportation network (activity locations), and assignment of vehicles to each household (sharing vehicles and rides within a household). Two types of data are applicable in this step. STF3 data is aggregate data describing relatively small regions named block groups, and PUMS is disaggregated data covering a much larger area and reduced to a 5% sample.
One challenge for this step is the extrapolation of census data may not be accurate. Furthermore, additional land use data is necessary to allocate households appropriately to activity locations.
Activity generator
This step is to generate household activities, activity priorities, activity locations, activity times, and mode and travel preferences. This step requires additional data input to assign individual activities. The main input data is a detailed activity survey that is representative.
General activity assignment process is to match synthetic households with corresponding survey households based on socioeconomic data collected. In addition, small random variations are applied to survey records to avoid exact duplications for the many different synthetic households. Based on the input demographics, a list of travel activities will be produced for each household. These activities will be designated as "household" or "individual" activities. Associated with each activity is a set of parameters defining the activity importance, the activity duration, and a time interval during which the activity must be performed, if it is performed at all (for example, work is mandatory, so a work trip must be made, but a shopping trip is typically not as important and may be skipped on a given day if the scheduling is too difficult). Locations, such as the household address and the workplace and school addresses, will be provided for mandatory activities. Locations of other activities (shopping) are not specified- the planner will choose these from a list for the locality. Mode preference is also modeled based on survey records rather than route optimization.
There are several challenges for the activity generator. Limited sample size in the survey may create a coarse activity assignment. It highly depends on the availability of a recent and up-to-date activity survey, as well as detailed zoning information requiring manual adjustments. Last, it may generate some illogical activity patterns for certain regions.
Route planner
This step is to read individual activities previously generated, then determine the fastest route at that time of the day. The route planner has several features. Households are routed in a coordinated fashion to allow for ride sharing. The algorithm includes time-dependent optimization of the network based on link delays that vary during the day. The router does not choose the transportation mode but finds the best route given the mode.
The router starts by using well-known traffic assignment function BPR+ to estimate link delays based on the number of trips routed through each link. It then determines the optimal route for each trip and creates precise trip plans. A trip plan is a sequence of modes, routes, and planned departure and arrival times at the origin and destinations, and mode changing facilities projected to move individuals to activity locations.
Microsimulator
This step is to execute all travel plans created by the router on a second by second basis throughout the network. It uses Cellular Automata principles to analyze the interaction between individual vehicles. The microsimulator produces individual locations of all travelers and vehicles at all times.
The microsimulator and the router work in an iterative loop to equilibrate the assigned traffic in the network. The microsimulator follows those travel plans and determines a new set of link delays that are used to replace the ones previously used by the router. This process iterate until equilibrium is achieved.
Feedback
Feedback is applied to the equilibration process iterating between router and microsimulator. Through feedback module, some routes may be found infeasible. These activities are then passed back to the activity generator to determine appropriate alternatives. Some trip plans cannot be followed in the microsimulator because of time-dependent road closures and other triggers. In this case, individuals with those plans are passed back to the router for new routing suggestions.
Results
TRANSIMS can create aggregate results comparable to traditional analysis tools. The microsimulation can lead to highly detailed snapshot data, for example, the exact location of every traveler at any given time. Since the amount of data is difficult to comprehend, the results need to be effectively visualized. Visualization tools that are commonly used include the original TRANSIMS visualizer, and the Balfour (software) visualizer, ArcGIS and similar GIS tools, Google Earth and NASA World Wind, Advanced Visualization (NCSA), and NEXTA.
Applications
There has been much discussion in the transportation profession concerning how widely adopted TRANSIMS will be, producing several schools of thought. Skeptics believe the large data requirements, computer requirements, and training requirements will limit use of TRANSIMS to a handful of the largest MPOs. A second school of thought is that regulatory requirements will quickly force the use of TRANSIMS in many regions. This accelerated adoption of TRANSIMS might exceed the capability of project staff to support the affected regions. A final school of thought is that in the beginning, TRANSIMS will indeed be used mainly by larger MPOs with particularly sophisticated transportation planning questions. Subsequently, TRANSIMS would evolve into versions which would be more appropriate for MPOs with smaller staffs and different analysis needs. Experience with the earlier software suggests that this last scenario is most likely. It is also the most promising scenario for bringing new technology to the broadest audience in a less painful manner.
Dallas case study
The Dallas case focused on development of a microsimulation in TRANSIMS which would be robust enough to execute the travel itinerary of each individual in an urban region. The microsimulation developed was limited to automobile trips, and methods were developed to use existing NCTCOG's zonal production/attraction information as the source of traveler demand on the system. The microsimulation executed approximately 200,000 trips (between 5:00 A.M. and 10:00 A.M.) in and through the study area. It ran in real time on five SUN SPARC workstations (“real time” meaning a five-hour period took five hours).
Portland case study
In contrast to the “real world” planning question explored in Dallas, the Portland case study explored the effects of different types of data on the results and sensitivity of TRANSIMS. The route planner and microsimulation capability developed for Dallas was expanded to include large vehicles, transit vehicles, and transit passengers. This includes the complicated tasks of incorporating into the data base all transit vehicle schedules, the different operating characteristics of rail and buses, and simulating the interaction of transit vehicles and private vehicles. Two sensitivity tests were under consideration. The first tested the effect of generating synthetic local streets instead of realistically coding every single street in the region. The second test explored the effect of synthesizing traffic signal plans. To test these and other model sensitivities, the Portland staff assembled the actual local street and traffic signal plans to compare with the results of the synthesis. These tests determined the effect of the data synthesis on the sensitivity of the TRANSIMS models.
References
https://code.google.com/p/transims/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120415123916/http://tmiponline.org/Clearinghouse/Subject-Category/TRANSIMS.aspx
Traffic simulation
Komarna Vas (; or Obertappelwerch) is a village on the eastern edge of Kočevski Rog in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
History
Komarna Vas was inhabited by Gottschee Germans that were mostly expelled in 1941 during the Second World War.
The local church was burned down in 1942. It was dedicated to the Virgin Mary, Queen of All Saints.
References
External links
Komarna Vas at Geopedia
Pre–World War II map of Komarna Vas with oeconyms and family names
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
These are the results of the men's team competition in badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Jakarta.
Medalists
Draw
First Round
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Final
References
Badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Vidataltivu (, ) is a coastal town in the Mannar District of northern Sri Lanka. It was used as the base to control the Mannar coast by the sea tigers of LTTE. Vidataltivu is the largest town on Sri Lanka's northern coast and was the major base of the Sea Tigers. The Sri Lankan military claimed to have captured this coastal town for the first time since the IPKF left Sri Lanka in 1990.
Schools
Mn/St Josepvaz Maha Vidyalayam, Vidataltivu
Mn/Aligarh Maha Vidyalayam, Vidataltivu
Religious places of worship
Catholic churches
St. James' church, Vidataltivu
St. Mary's church Vidataltivu
Hindu temple
Pillaiyar temple
Sport clubs
United sports club vidaththal theevu
Union sports club Vidaththal theevu
External links
{{Vidataltivu Nature Reserve} }}
See also
Battle of the Forward Defence Lines
References
Towns in Mannar District
Manthai West DS Division
In enzymology, a 4-deoxy-L-threo-5-hexosulose-uronate ketol-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
4-deoxy-L-threo-5-hexosulose uronate 3-deoxy-D-glycero-2,5-hexodiulosonate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 4-deoxy-L-threo-5-hexosulose uronate, and one product, 3-deoxy-D-glycero-2,5-hexodiulosonate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 4-deoxy-L-threo-5-hexosulose-uronate aldose-ketose-isomerase. This enzyme is also called 4-deoxy-L-threo-5-hexulose uronate isomerase. This enzyme participates in pentose and glucuronate interconversions.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 3 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , and .
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of known structure
The 2013 Porsche Carrera Cup Italia season was the seventh Porsche Carrera Cup Italy season. It began on 4 May at Misano and finished on 20 October in Monza, after seven events with two races at each event. Enrico Fulgenzi won the drivers' championship driving for Heaven Motorsport, which won the teams' championship.
Teams and drivers
Race calendar and results
Championship standings
Drivers' Championship
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
- Gianluca Giraudi was awarded the point for the fastest lap because Matthieu Vaxivière was inelegible to score points.
- Gianluca Giraudi was awarded the two points for pole position because Côme Ledogar was inelegible to score points.
- Gianluca Giraudi was awarded the point for the fastest lap because Maxime Jousse was inelegible to score points.
- Massimo Monti was awarded the point for the fastest lap because Jim Pla was inelegible to score points.
Teams' Championship
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
Michelin Cup
The Michelin Cup is the trophy reserved to the gentlemen drivers.
External links
Porsche Carrera Cup Italy seasons
Porsche Carrera Cup Italy
The Popular Socialist Youth () was a youth organization in Cuba, the youth wing of the Popular Socialist Party. Raúl Valdés Vivó was the general secretary of the organization. By 1960, the organization was estimated to have around 13,000 members. Raúl Castro was a member of the organization for some time.
Founding
The Popular Socialist Youth was founded on November 18, 1944. The organization was founded as a continuation of the Young Communist League and the Cuban Revolutionary Youth (JRC).
Organization
The Popular Socialist Youth was open to membership for persons between 15 and 35 years of age, who had the approval of two members of the party or the youth organization.
Mella
The organization began publishing the forthnightly Mella in 1944.<ref>Martínez Pérez, Liliana. 'Los hijos de Saturno: intelectuales y revolución en Cuba. México: FLACSO, 2006. p. 16</ref> In 1955, during the Fulgencio Batista regime, Mella was converted into a clandestine monthly publication. As of 1960, Mella was a forthnightly newspaper had a circulation of 30,000. The symbol of the organization carried a portrait of Julio Antonio Mella with a red star as background.
Campaigns
The Popular Socialist Youth played a major role in campaigning against the proposal to send 2,000 Cuban troops to participate on the American side in the Korean War.
The Popular Socialist Youth formed part of the Independent Youth Bloc (BJI, later renamed the Opposition Youth Bloc) together with the Orthodox and Authentic youth organizations.
Sixth congress
The Popular Socialist Youth held its sixth congress on April 6, 1960. At the congress, held in the aftermath of the La Coubre explosion, a poster with the slogan Patria o Muerte'' ('Fatherland or Death') was displayed. This was the first expression of the slogan, voiced by Fidel Castro at a March 4, 1960, funeral of victims of the bombing, in print.
Merger into UJC
In 1962 the organization merged with the Rebel Youth Association (AJR, the youth wing of the July 26 Movement), forming the Young Communist League (UJC). The symbol of UJC was based on that of the Popular Socialist Youth, but with Camilo Cienfuegos (and in 1967, Che Guevara) added.
References
Cuban Revolution
Youth wings of communist parties
Youth wings of political parties in Cuba
Popular Socialist Party (Cuba)
Shamier Little (born March 20, 1995) is an American track and field sprinter specializing in the 400 metres hurdles. They have won a silver medal in their signature event at the 2015 World Championships. As a 20-year-old college sophomore at Texas A&M University, Little was the 2015 US champion. In July 2021, they became the 5th fastest woman of all time at the event.
Prep
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, Little is the child of athletic parents, their father a football cornerback and their mother a star basketball player and high jumper at Eastern Kentucky University. Shamier began participating in youth track and field as an 8 year old. They made their first appearance at the national level at the 2004 USATF Youth Championships as a 100 meter sprinter running for the University of Chicago Youth Track Club. They regularly participated in all comers track meets. Later Little ran for the Country Club Hills Gazelles both in USATF and AAU competitions. None of their early youth competitions could be labeled exceptional.
At Robert Lindblom Math & Science Academy in Chicago, Little got more serious setting the IHSA Class 2A records in 100 meters hurdles, 200 meters and 400 meters. They won the 2011 AAU Junior Olympics at 400 hurdles. In 2012, they won the Arcadia Invitational in the 400 meters, which they repeated in 2013. They won the Junior National Championships in 400 hurdles, which qualified them for the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics, but they did not finish the final, falling over the last hurdle while in medal contention. In 2013, Little tried 100 meters hurdles and 400 at the National Championships, finishing off the podium in both.
Career
After high school, Little chose to go to Texas A&M University. As a first-year student, they won the NCAA Championships at 400 hurdles and helped their team get second place in the 4x400 meters relay. Later that summer, they won the 2014 World Junior Championships in the 400 hurdles.
In 2015, before winning the national championship against the big girls, they repeated as NCAA Champion, running the #1 time worldwide to that point in the season. The National Championship offered Little an invitation to run in the 2015 Pan American Games, where they took the gold medal.
In 2016, Little won a third consecutive NCAA 400 m hurdles champion title.
Achievements
All information taken from World Athletics profile.
Personal bests
International competitions
Circuit wins
Diamond League meetings
2016 (1) (400 m h): Zürich Weltklasse
2018 (2) (400 m h): Lausanne Athletissima, London Anniversary Games
2019 (1) (400 m h): Lausanne Athletissima
References
External links
Living people
1995 births
Sportspeople from Louisville, Kentucky
Track and field athletes from Kentucky
American female hurdlers
American female sprinters
African-American female track and field athletes
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Texas A&M Aggies women's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
World Athletics Championships medalists
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American women
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Helix (also known as APT34 by FireEye, OILRIG) is a hacker group identified by CrowdStrike as Iranian.
History
The group has reportedly been active since at least 2014. It has targeted many of the same organizations as Advanced Persistent Threat 33, according to John Hultquist.
In April 2019, APT34's cyber-espionage tools' source code was leaked through Telegram.
Targets
The group has reportedly targeted organizations in the financial, energy, telecommunications, and chemical industries, as well as critical infrastructure systems.
Techniques
APT34 reportedly uses Microsoft Excel macros, PowerShell-based exploits and social engineering to gain access to its targets.
References
Iranian advanced persistent threat groups
Hacking in the 2010s
Internet vigilantism
Cyberattacks
Tetsuya Chaen (born 5 November 1973) is a Japanese former professional tennis player.
Born in Osaka, Chaen turned professional in 1993 and reached the best singles world ranking of 339 during their career, which included qualifying draw appearances at the Australian Open. They featured in the singles main draw of three ATP Tour tournaments, spanning 1994 to 2006. As a doubles player they had the highest ranking of 371 in the world.
ITF Futures titles
Singles: (1)
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Japanese male tennis players
Sportspeople from Osaka Prefecture
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Glacisgården is a listed, Jugendstil-style building located at Østbanegade 11 in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
History
Glacisgården takes its name after the glacis outside Copenhagen's East Rampart which was located at the site until the second half of the 19th century. The building was constructed in 1903-04 to design by Aage Langeland-Mathiesen.
Architecture
The building is designed in the Jugendstil. The design is strongly inspired by an Arthur Meinig building from 1898 at József Attila utca 8 in Budapest.
References
External links
Images at arkitekturbilleder.dk
Apartment buildings in Copenhagen
Listed residential buildings in Copenhagen
Listed buildings and structures in Østerbro
Residential buildings completed in 1904
Ruth Marcus may refer to:
Ruth Barcan Marcus (1921–2012), philosopher and logician
Ruth Marcus (journalist) (born 1958), opinion columnist for the Washington Post
Kurds in Lebanon are people born in or residing in Lebanon who are of full or partial Kurdish origin. Estimates on the number of Kurds in Lebanon prior to 1985 were around 60,000. Today, there are tens of thousands of Kurds in Lebanon, mainly in Beirut.
History
Most Kurds in Lebanon have come in recent decades, but the Kurdish community of Lebanon dates back to the 12th century, when Lebanon was ruled by the Kurdish Ayyubid dynasty. The Ottomans also sent loyal Kurdish families to modern-day Syria and Lebanon, where they got administrative roles. These Kurdish groups settled in and ruled many areas of Lebanon for a long period of time.The first modern wave of Kurdish immigration to Lebanon was in the period of 1925-1950 when thousands of Kurds fled violence and poverty in Turkey. The second wave of Kurds entered in the late 1950s and early 1960s, most of whom fled from political repression in Syria and Turkey. During the early 1990s, the Lebanese government destroyed many squatter quarters in Beirut, where many Kurds lived, leading to the emigration of nearly one quarter of Lebanon's Kurdish population.
During the Lebanese Civil War, Kurds fought for the Lebanese National Movement.
Current status
As of 2012, around 40% of all Kurds in Lebanon do not have Lebanese citizenship.
Notable People
Politician
Kamal Jumblatt, 20th-century Lebanese politician and author; founder of the Progressive Socialist Party
Taymur Jumblatt, Lebanese politician
Walid Jumblatt, Lebanese politician
Sports
Hassan Oumari, Footballer
Joan Oumari, Footballer
Famous Families
Jumblatt family
See also
Kurdish diaspora
Turks in Lebanon
Syrians in Lebanon
Iranians in Lebanon
References
External links
The Kurds in Lebanon: a social and historical overview
Kurdistan Democratic Party Lebanon
Kurdish diaspora
Middle Eastern diaspora in Lebanon
Ethnic groups in Lebanon
Ethnic groups in the Middle East
Pleasant is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Township, Switzerland County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Pleasant in 1829, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1917.
Geography
Pleasant is located at the intersection of State Roads 250 and 129, at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
A campsite, also known as a campground or camping pitch, is a place used for overnight stay in an outdoor area. In British English, a campsite is an area, usually divided into a number of pitches, where people can camp overnight using tents, campervans or caravans; this British English use of the word is synonymous with the US English expression campground. In American English, the term campsite generally means an area where an individual, family, group, or military unit can pitch a tent or park a camper; a campground may contain many campsites.
There are two types of campsites: an impromptu area (as one might decide to stop while backpacking or hiking, or simply adjacent to a road through the wilderness),
and a designated area with various facilities.
Campgrounds
The term camp comes from the Latin word campus, meaning "field". Therefore, a campground consists typically of open pieces of ground where a camper can pitch a tent or park a camper. More specifically a campsite is a dedicated area set aside for camping and for which often a user fee is charged. Campsites typically feature a few (but sometimes no) improvements.
Dedicated campsites, known as campgrounds, usually have some amenities. Common amenities include, listed roughly in order from most to least common:
Fireplaces or fire pits in which to build campfires (this can be a circle of rocks, a metal enclosure, a metal grate, a concrete spot, or even just a hole).
Road access for vehicles
A gravel or concrete pad on which to park a vehicle
Picnic tables
Marked spaces indicating a boundary for one camper or a group of campers
Reservations to ensure there will be available space to camp
Utility hookups, such as electricity, water, and sewer, primarily for the use of travel trailers, recreational vehicles, or similar
Raised platforms on which to set up tents
Piped potable water
Campgrounds may include further amenities:
Pit toilets (outhouses)
Flush toilets and showers
Sinks and mirrors in the bathrooms
A small convenience store
Shower facilities (with or without hot water)
Wood for free or for sale for use in cooking or for a campfire
Garbage cans or large rubbish bins in which to place refuse
Camping outside a designated campsite may be forbidden by law. It is thought to be a nuisance, harmful to the environment, and is often associated with vagrancy. However some countries have specific laws and/or regulations allowing camping on public lands (see Freedom to roam). In the United States, many national and state parks have dedicated campsites and sometimes also allow impromptu backcountry camping by visitors. U.S. National Forests often have established campsites, but generally allow camping anywhere, except within a certain distance of water sources or developed areas. Camping may also be prohibited in certain ‘special areas' of national forests containing unusual landforms or vegetation. And if conditions allow campfires, a campfire permit is required for campfires outside of developed campsites.
In Britain, it is more commonly known as wild camping, and is mostly illegal. However, Scotland has a relaxed view and wild camping is legal in most of Scotland.
In many parts of Canada, "roughing it" or "dormir a la belle etoile" (French) is considered to be wilderness camping on government owned, public land known as crown land and commonly called "the bush". There are no amenities of any kind and typically no development except for possibly logging roads or ATV trails, and few rules beyond the requirement in some provinces to move the site at least 100 metres every 21 days.
RV parks/caravan parks
In North America many campgrounds have facilities for Recreational Vehicles and are also known as RV parks. Similar facilities in the UK are known as Caravan Parks. The Kampgrounds of America (KOA) is a large chain of commercial campgrounds located throughout the United States and Canada.
Both commercial and governmental campgrounds typically charge a nominal fee for the privilege of camping there, to cover expenses, and in the case of an independent campground, to make a profit. However, there are some in North America that do not charge a use fee and rely on sources such as donations and tax dollars. Staying the night in a big-box store parking lot is also common (called "boondocking"), and some retailers welcome RVs to their parking lots.
Trailer parks
Frequently confused with campsites, campgrounds and RV parks, trailer parks are made up of long term or semi-permanent residents occupying mobile homes, park trailers or RVs.
Holiday park
The holiday park is a United Kingdom version of the North American trailer park. Created to allow coastal resorts to enable temporary and high-income accommodation to be easily created, under UK planning laws, no residents are permanent, and the park must be wholly shut to all for at least two months each year. All of the mobile homes are either available for rent from the landowner, or pitches are leased on a long-term basis from the landowner and the lease's own mobile home placed on the pitch. Permanent sites owners lease includes the provision by the landowner of water, sewerage and general site and grounds maintenance. Some holiday parks include a small campsite for those touring the area, where they can pay to pitch tents or site touring caravans and motorhomes. Touring campsites have full access to the Holiday parks facilities, including clothes washing and showering. Most holiday parks include a central entertainments block, which can include a shop, restaurants, and a multi-purpose theatre used for both stage and activity-based entertainment.
Types of holiday park accommodation in the UK
Caravan Holiday Homes
Holiday parks vary in size and type, as do the kinds of accommodation available within them. Caravans are a popular choice with holidaymakers, and modern varieties come complete with features like double glazing and central heating, cookers, fridges, showers, hot/cold water supplies, electricity and gas mains input. A standard caravan is a single unit, built to a maximum of 14 feet wide.
Other types of mobile home include Lodges and Park Homes which are more expensive than caravans and offer more luxurious features. Higher end Lodges can be built using some of the same methods as traditional bricks and mortar buildings and include familiar materials like plasterboard and tongue and groove walls for an end result that's very similar to a standard house. A standard lodge uses similar materials as a standard caravan such as wood, gypsum board and plywood where the main difference being the extra width. Lodges and Parkhomes can come in sizes up to 22 feet wide and 45 feet long, making them a popular choice with big families and large groups.
Holiday homes can be rented on an ad-hoc basis or purchased – caravans can be purchased from around £30,000 while park homes and lodges can cost between £100,000 and £500,000.
Once purchased, holiday homes have various ongoing costs including insurance, site fees, local authority rates, utility charges, winterisation and depreciation. Depending on the holiday home and the park these costs can range from £1,000 to £40,000 per year.
Certificated and Certified Locations
Certificated and Certified Locations are smaller privately owned caravan sites which have to be approved by the UK based Camping and Caravanning Club, The Caravan Club, and other organisations). These campsites are normally reserved exclusively for Club members. These smaller campsites are allowed to operate under The Public Health Act 1936 and The Caravan and Control of Development Act 1960.
Backcountry camping
In the U.S., backcountry or dispersed camping is common in large undeveloped protected areas. These areas can only be reached on foot, bicycle, canoe or on horseback. The camping areas are usually established campsites or "zones", which have a predetermined maximum number of persons that are allowed to stay in the section per night. Strict regulations are imposed regarding food storage and resource protection. Usually in organized parks or wilderness areas, backcountry campsites require a permit, which may be free, obtainable at visitor centers and ranger stations. Backcountry camping in other areas may not require a permit.
Canadians refer to it as crownland camping, or rough camping. Canadian citizens and people who have lived in Canada for at least seven months of the preceding 12-month period can camp for free up to 21 days on any one site in a calendar year. This ensures sites are available to others and helps reduce environmental impacts. The Crownland Atlas (map) provides usage designations and several web pages (map) or blogs provide more details about specific sites.
History
United States
As with camping, campgrounds predated the automobile. When President Theodore Roosevelt addressed Congress in 1901, they called for the creation of free campgrounds on Federal lands. Already four national parks—Yellowstone, Sequoia, Yosemite, and Mount Rainier—were established and by the time Congress formally established the National Park Service in 1916, America had a dozen national parks.
While a handful of campgrounds, both public and private, could be found at tourist destinations, as late as 1936 it was still difficult to find places to stop along the route to these parks. Instead, it was common for motorists to pull off the road and set up camp on private property. This practice not only reinforced the negative, nomadic image of RV travelers, it was a detriment to expanding the trailer market. The Trailer Coach Manufacturers Association began to lobby states to establish sanitation standards and worked with civic and business leaders to establish additional campgrounds, emphasizing the economic benefits of a campground in their community. The Denver Civic Association wrote that a campground was just as essential to a town as a railway station. The trailer industry's efforts were effective. The number of campgrounds in the Trailer Travel Magazine's directory of campgrounds doubled to 1,650 by the end of 1936 and promised to double again by the end of 1937.
The campgrounds themselves also changed. Martin Hogue wrote, “The first public campgrounds in the United States were nothing more than large, dedicated clearings, free of trees, within which to concentrate groups of tourists.” A plant pathologist named Emilio Meinecke, was commissioned to study the effect of motor tourism in the Redwoods in 1929. Meinicke's recommendations explained that instead of allowing campers to park haphazardly within a park, the camper's impact on the environment could be minimized through campground roads forming a one-way loop leading to individual parking spurs next to each campsite. Although they would later continue to write of the effect of campers on nature, submitting a memorandum to the National Forest Service in 1935 entitled “The Trailer Menace,” they had established the basic design for campgrounds still used today.
Movies and documentaries
The Long, Long Trailer (1951)
Carry On Camping (1969)
Nuts in May (1976)
Friday the 13th (1980)
The Forest Primeval (1983)
Sleepaway Camp (1983)
Camping del Terrore (1986)
Dirty Dancing (1987)
Indian Summer (1993)
The Red Squirrel (1993)
Sune's Summer (1993)
Camping Cosmos (1996)
Ponterosa (2001)
Món été au camping (2003)
Happy Camper (Camping sauvage) (2004)
Once I Was a Beehive (2015)
Bodom (2016)
See also
Bear-resistant food storage container
Camping
Cantonment
List of human habitation forms
Military camp
Motorhome stopover
National Park Service
Paraje
RV park
Summer camp
References
External links
Backpacking
Property law
Human habitats
Camping
Valentine is an unincorporated community in Johnson Township, LaGrange County, Indiana.
History
Valentine was laid out and platted in 1879. The Valentine post office closed in 1926.
Geography
Valentine is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The chestnut-rumped babbler (Stachyris maculata) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
chestnut-rumped babbler
Birds of Malesia
chestnut-rumped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John Dalton (1766–1844) was a scientist who pioneered modern atomic theory.
John Dalton may also refer to:
John Dalton (American football) (1889–1919), American football player for Navy
John Dalton (architect) (1927-2007), Australian architect
John Dalton (author), American author
John Dalton (bishop) (c. 1821–1869), Roman Catholic bishop
John Dalton (divine) (1814–1874), Catholic divine and translator from Latin, Spanish, and German
John Dalton (musician) (born 1943), former member of the Kinks
John Dalton (soldier) (died 1981), British Army general and father of Richard Dalton
John Call Dalton (1825–1889), American physiologist
John Howard Dalton (born 1941), US Secretary of the Navy
John M. Dalton (1900–1972), Governor of Missouri
John N. Dalton (1931–1986), Governor of Virginia from 1978 to 1982
John Neale Dalton (1839–1931), Royal chaplain and tutor
John Dalton (MP) (1610–1679), English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1679
John Dalton (hurler) (born 1985), Irish hurler
John Dalton (poet) (1709–1763), English cleric and poet
John Dalton (priest), Anglican priest in Ireland
See also
John D'Alton (1882–1963) Roman Catholic Cardinal and Archbishop of Armagh
John D'Alton (historian) (1792–1867), Irish lawyer and genealogist
John D'Alton (engineer) (1829–1904), Australian engineer
Jon Dalton (born 1974), former Survivor contestant
Jack Dalton (disambiguation)
In Kiribati mythology (specifically: Kiribati), Kai-n-Tiku-Aba ("tree of many branches") is a sacred tree located in Samoa, which grew on the back of a man named Na Abitu. Koura-Abi, a destructive man, broke it. Sorrowful, the people of Samoa scattered across the world.
Origins
This myth is from Kiribati, and explains why the I-Kiribati migrated to Kiribati from Samoa.
See also
Kiribati
Kiribati mythology
Trees in mythology
The Kentucky Wildcats college baseball team represents the University of Kentucky in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Wildcats compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I. , the team has had 26 head coaches since it started playing organized baseball in the 1896 season.
Key
Coaches
Notes
References
General
Specific
Lists of college baseball head coaches in the United States
Kentucky Wildcats baseball coaches
The three-streaked tchagra (Tchagra jamesi) is a species of bird in the family Malaconotidae, which is an uncommon resident of semi-desert regions in the eastern Afrotropics. The binomial of this bird commemorates the explorer Frank Linsly James, who also had the Frank James Memorial Hospital built in their honour.
Range and habitat
It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Description
It is a small tchagra, measuring 16–17 cm from bill tip to tail tip. They are distinct from other tchagra species in having a narrow, black median stripe over the crown, without any superciliary stripe. In addition the tertials and rectrices are mouse-brown in colour.
Habits
The male displays by fripping the wings in flight, followed by a series of down-slurred whistles. They feed to a large extent on insects, but may in addition prey on chicks of other birds.
Races
There are two accepted races:
T. j. jamesi (Shelley, 1885) – Uganda, Ethiopia, Somalia, inland Kenya and very locally in South Sudan and Tanzania
T. j. mandanus (Neumann, 1903) – Kenyan coast and adjacent islands
References
three-streaked tchagra
Birds of the Horn of Africa
three-streaked tchagra
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a Japanese tarento, comedian and actor who resides in the United States. They currently live and works in Los Angeles, California.
Born in Kishiwada, Osaka, Japan, Kanda spent their early career as an actor with their debut movie Tokyo Pop directed by Fran Rubel Kuzui and filmed in Japan and the USA in 1987. After finding their own path to be an actor and comedian, they moved to the USA in 1999 and has made their first appearances on Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide as a samurai. Kanda is also known for their hosting role on the "Majide" game on I Survived a Japanese Game Show in 2008 and 2009 and works under the alias of Kei Kato on the G4 broadcasts of Kinniku Banzuke.
They have also appeared on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Saturday Night Live and in a commercial for the New York Mets as a sushi chef. Kanda has also starred in films such as Takeshi Kitano's film Sonatine. Their most recent film appearance has been a supportive role (President of Japanese corporation) in The Informant!(2009), a Matt Damon vehicle directed by Steven Soderbergh.
Kanda recently appeared as a spokesperson and personality for Sun Drop soda. They appear on several TV commercials playing a soda sommelier named "The Taste Master".
Kanda is familiar with variety of Japanese traditional performing arts and martial arts such as Buyō, Karate, Kendo, Iaido, among which is samurai sword fighting, which they teach, while they continue to perform at a comedy club in Hollywood as a comedian.
Kanda was chosen to be one of the speakers at "TEDxTOKYO 2010 HIT RESET" held in Tokyo on May 15, 2010.
Video games
2020 : Cyberpunk 2077 : Goro Takemura
References
External links
Rome Kanda Official website
Interview with Rome Kanda, Host of 'Majide' on 'I Survived a Japanese Game Show'
J!-ENT INTERVIEW with Rome Kanda – Actor and host of “MAJIDE” on ABC's “I Survived a Japanese Game Show”
TEDxTOKYO
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Japanese male actors
Japanese comedians
People from Kishiwada, Osaka
Japanese expatriates in the United States
Santa Maria in Publicolis is a Baroque church in Rome. It is located in the rione of Sant'Eustachio. The facade was designed by Giovan Antonio de' Rossi.
History and Description
The derivation of the suffix name of the church is unclear; some sources said that Valerio Publicola named the church. But others state the family of the prince Santacroce founded the church. Cardinal Marcello Santacroce rebuilt this parish church in 1645 using the designs of Giovanni Antonio de Rossi. The first chapel on the right and the main altarpiece were by Ottavio Vannini. The St Francis painted for an altar is a copy by Giovanni Francesco Grimaldi of a work by Carracci. Grimaldi also fashioned the tomb monument of the Santacroce family. The portrait of D. Scipione was completed by Giovanni Battista Maini.
References
M
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1643
Baroque architecture in Rome
Churches of Rome (rione Sant'Eustachio)
Red blood cells (erythrocytes) from donors contain normal hemoglobin (HbA), and transfusion of normal red blood cells into people with sickle cell disease reduces the percentage of red cells in the circulation containing the abnormal hemoglobin (HbS). Although transfusion of donor red blood cells can ameliorate and even prevent complications of sickle cell disease in certain circumstances, transfusion therapy is not universally beneficial in sickle cell disease.
Types of transfusion therapy
There are two main types of transfusion, simple red cell transfusion and exchange transfusion.
Simple transfusion
Involves transfusing red blood cells without removing any of the patient's blood. It is used when the patient's hemoglobin is much lower than normal, for example an aplastic crisis.
Exchange transfusion
Exchange transfusion involves removal of the patient's blood and replacement with donor red blood cells. It is used to treat life-threatening complications of sickle cell disease such as stroke or acute chest crisis.
There are three main benefits of an exchange transfusion compared to a simple transfusion, these relate primarily to the ability to remove hemoglobin S containing red blood cells:
Higher percentage of normal (donor) hemoglobin (HbA) containing red cells after the transfusion
Larger volumes of donor blood can be given without increasing the hematocrit to levels that excessively increase blood viscosity
Reduced net transfused volume of red blood cells, which reduces iron overload.
However, there are also potential risks associated with an exchange transfusion:
Red cell alloimmunization due to increased donor exposure
Higher costs
Need for specialized equipment
Need for good venous access.
Automated red cell exchange
The exchange is performed using a machine (pheresis). This method rapidly and substantially reduces the concentration of sickle cells within the blood without increasing the overall hematocrit or blood viscosity.
Manual red cell exchange
The exchange is performed manually. It refers to manually phlebotomizing a percentage of the patient's blood prior to or concomitantly with giving a red cell transfusion.
Frequency of red cell transfusions
Red cell transfusions can be further classified as episodic or chronic.
Episodic transfusion
Episodic transfusion is used either acutely in response to a complication of sickle cell disease such as acute chest syndrome or to prevent complications prior to surgery.
Chronic transfusion
Chronic transfusion is used when sustained, low levels of HbS are needed to prevent sickle cell-related complications, most commonly stroke in children.
Indications for red blood cell transfusion
Transfusion therapy for sickle-cell disease entails the use of red blood cell transfusions in the management of acute cases of sickle cell disease and as a prophylaxis to prevent complications by decreasing the number of red blood cells (RBC) that can sickle by adding normal red blood cells.
Prevention of complications
Stroke
In children prophylactic chronic red blood cell (RBC) transfusion therapy has been shown to be efficacious to a certain extent in reducing the risk of first stroke or silent stroke when transcranial Doppler (TCD) ultrasonography shows abnormal increased cerebral blood flow velocities. In those who have sustained a prior stoke event it also reduces the risk of recurrent stroke and additional silent strokes. There is no evidence for the use of red blood cell transfusion in adults to prevent primary stroke, although it is recommended to prevent secondary stroke.
Surgery
In children and adults red blood cell transfusion to increase the hemoglobin level to 100 g/L has been shown to decrease the risk of sickle cell-related complications. However, this has not been seen in all studies, and has only been demonstrated for African haplotypes of Hemoglobin SS.
Respiratory problems
In children who have been given transfusions to prevent stroke there was also a reduction in the number of children who developed acute chest crises. There is no evidence about whether or not red cell transfusions prevent chronic lung complications.
Treatment of complications
Aplastic crisis
This should be suspected if there is a significant drop in the hemoglobin level compared to the patient's usual hemoglobin level which is associated with a low level of reticulocytes. This is usually due to infection with erythrovirus B19 (previously known as parvovirus B19). The anemia is usually severe with an average drop in hemoglobin of 40 g/L, and is usually treated with a simple transfusion.
Splenic and hepatic sequestration
Acute splenic and hepatic sequestration associated with severe anemia requires a simple transfusion to raise the hemoglobin.
Acute chest crisis
Red cell transfusions are used to treat patients with acute chest crisis and respiratory compromise. Exchange transfusion is recommended for those patients who have a higher hemoglobin (> 90g/L), those who have not improved after a simple transfusion, or those who have severe respiratory compromise.
Complications related to red blood cell transfusion
Alloimmunisation
Red cell alloimmunisation is common in people with sickle cell disease who receive transfusions in Europe and North America. This is because there are ethnic differences in the frequencies of blood group antigens. Blood donors are usually Caucasian whereas the blood transfusion recipients usually have an African or Afro-Caribbean ancestry. Extended phenotype matching of red blood cells (matching Rh and Kell blood groups as well as ABO) decreases the risk of alloimmunisation, but it still occurs.
Iron overload
Each unit of transfused blood has approximately 250 mg of iron, with each successive transfusion, patients receiving chronic transfusion therapy accumulate iron in various tissues in the body as the body has no way to excrete the excess, this is a cause of increased morbidity and mortality. The effects of iron overload are countered by chelation therapy Guidelines recommend if patients are receiving regular or intermittent transfusions they should be monitored for iron overload.
References
Transfusion medicine
Hematology
Blood
Kuamaia is an extinct genus of artiopodan in the phylum Arthropoda. Fossils of the type species K. lata were discovered in the Chengjiang biota. The other species in the genus,K. muricata has also been identified there, but neither species has been found elsewhere.
Kuamaia lata was a benthic arthropod and a mobile hunter and scavenger. A spiny section on K. lata's legs is presumed to have allowed it to tear apart food.
Morphology
Kuamaia lata has an oval dorsal exoskeleton shape, with a gradual decline from the somewhat elevated medial axis of the animal to the exoskeleton edge. K. lata appears smooth, with little space between tergites and low-profile pleural spines. Some fusion of parts of the exoskeleton is evident, but there is some discussion as to what degree this occurred. The tail segment has three more prominent spines, two being lateral and one axial. The largest fossil K. lata was at least 10 cm long, excluding appendages.
On the underside of K. lata, opposite the dorsal head shield, there is also a ventral sclerite. K. lata appears to have approximately 15 pairs of biramous legs, 3 originating from the head shield, 1 from each of the seven tergites that make up K. lata's thorax, and another 5 from the tail segments.
The ramuses, also known as the exopods of the biramous legs, acted as the gills of K. lata. These gills were made up of many lamellae, which facilitated gas exchange. These lamellae were packed together in rows on each exopod. K. lata had a lower number of these, with an average number of 22 lamellae per exopod, compared to an average of 50 in other arthropods.
References
Artiopoda
Of Love and Desire is a 1963 film directed by Richard Rush and starring Merle Oberon, Steve Cochran and Curd Jürgens.
Plot
American engineer Steve Corey moves to Mexico to work at one of the mining projects owned by Katherine Beckman and their half-brother Paul. They finally are introduced to Katherine, and the man that they are taking over for, Bill Maxton, informs them that Katherine is theirs for the taking: "All you have to do is touch her—she goes off like fireworks. There were plenty of guys before me, and there'll be plenty after me."
Steve thinks that Katherine is what they expected but ends up developing a crush on them As their relationship develops, Paul gets upset and reintroduces their ex-boyfriend Gus Cole to them to lure them away from Steve. Half-siblings Katherine and Paul are carrying some emotional damage from the past which they need to work out.
Principal cast
Critical reception
From online reviewer website Cool Cinema Trash:
Soundtrack
References
External links
1963 films
Films directed by Richard Rush
Films set in Mexico
Films shot in Mexico
Films scored by Ronald Stein
1960s English-language films
Don Byron Colton (September 15, 1876 – August 1, 1952) was a U.S. Representative from Utah.
Early life
Born near Mona, Juab County, Utah Territory, Colton moved with their parents to Uintah County, Utah Territory in 1879. They attended the public schools and the Uintah Academy, Vernal, Utah. They were graduated from the commercial department of Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, in 1896. They graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1905. They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Vernal, Utah.
Political career
Colton was receiver of the United States land office at Vernal 1905–1914. They served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1904, 1924, and 1928 as well as a delegate to the Republican State conventions 1914–1924. They were an unsuccessful candidate for United States Senator in 1934. They were an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Utah in 1940.
Utah House of Representatives
Colton served as member of the Utah House of Representatives in 1903. They also served as member of the State senate 1915–1917.
Congress
Colton was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh and to the five succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1921 – March 3, 1933). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Elections No. 1 (Sixty-ninth and Seventieth Congresses), Committee on Public Lands (Seventieth and Seventy-first Congresses). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress. While in Congress Colton served as the Sunday School teacher for the LDS Church Sunday School in Washington, D.C.
Other
They engaged in teaching in 1898, 1901, and 1902. Colton resumed the practice of law in Vernal, Utah.
From 1910–1921 Colton served as the president of the Uintah Stake of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). From 1933 to 1937, Colton served as president of the Eastern States Mission of the LDS Church.
They moved to Salt Lake City in 1937 and continued the practice of law.
They also engaged in farming, ranching, sheep and stock raising, and other business enterprises.
Death
Colton died in Salt Lake City, Utah, August 1, 1952. Immediately prior to this they were serving as the head of the LDS Church mission home in Salt Lake City. Colton had been serving in this position since they had taken over from J. Wyley Sessions in 1938.
Colton was interred in Wasatch Lawn Cemetery.
Sources
1876 births
1952 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Mormon missionaries
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
Brigham Young University alumni
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Members of the Utah House of Representatives
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
People from Juab County, Utah
People from Vernal, Utah
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Utah lawyers
Utah state senators
Saint Basil Academy is a residential institution for at-risk students run by the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America in Garrison, New York, United States. Prior to 1997 it operated its own in-house school. It is located at Eagle's Rest, previously the estate of Jacob Ruppert, owner of the New York Yankees in the early 20th century, between NY 9D and the Hudson River.
During Ruppert's lifetime many Yankees players, including Babe Ruth, were frequent visitors. After their death, the estate remained vacant until 1944, when Archbishop Athenagoras acquired the property for the church and founded the school. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in recognition of both Ruppert's historical importance and its well-preserved early Twentieth-century architecture.
It is under the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America.
History
As estate
The property was part of a large tract granted to local landowner Philip Philipse in 1686 by the British Crown. Their son Frederick left to their daughter Mary Gouverneur in 1829, and they ultimately divided it three ways, taking the northern third and naming it Eagles' Rest. That portion was eventually sold to Louis Fitzgerald, a local business person who served as an officer in the Union Army during the Civil War.
Their three daughters in turn sold the estate to Ruppert, who had made a fortune in their family's brewing business, served in Congress and bought the Yankees, 11 years later, in 1919. They commenced major building on the property in the early 1920s, tearing down the original mansion for the current Tudorbethan structure, which was finished in 1928.
The Yankees and their "Murderers' Row" became champions under Ruppert's ownership, and many players were guests at the estate. Babe Ruth reportedly signed one of their most lucrative contracts there. The brewing business had also survived Prohibition by making near beer, and since real estate had become cheap after the Crash of 1929, Ruppert began expanding it, acquiring the land between the old and new alignments of NY 9D when the road was relocated east to its present route. In these buildings they kept a small personal zoo, with one of the largest collections of monkeys, wild birds and peacocks in the world at the time. In the mansion they had a collection of furniture, pottery, jade and Chinese porcelains. The estate employed 40 people.
Construction continued through Ruppert's death in 1939, with smaller outbuildings added, bringing the estate to a total of 26 buildings. Many of these are considered contributing resources to the NRHP listing.
As school
After five years of vacancy, the Greek Orthodox Ladies Philoptochos Society bought the property in 1944 for $55,000 ($ in 2008 dollars). Property taxes were increasing on large estates, and as a nonprofit the church was exempt. At first, it was coeducational, but soon it was decided to limit admission to girls due to the limited space available (only six buildings were usable then).
In addition to its secondary program, the academy was also, at first, a women's junior college, offering a three-year teacher training program, and an orphanage. Graduates went on to work for the church as teachers or secretaries. Later in the 1950s, the school decided to admit boys again, and in 1959 a former stable had been converted into a boys' dormitory.
The American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association (AHEPA), which had raised money for the stable conversion, continued its efforts and built a new classroom building, just north of the mansion, which opened in 1962. The Pan-Arcadian Fraternal Association built a new gymnasium that doubled as an auditorium the next year, inspiring Archbishop Iakovos to call for money for more new dorms.
This period of growth would lead to a slight contraction in the 1970s. In 1973 the junior college and its programs merged with Hellenic College in Brookline, Massachusetts. Three years later, in 1976, the Philoptochos sold the of marshland along the Hudson River to the Audubon Society, which has made it their Constitution Island Sanctuary for the protection of some of the river's bird species.
Building began anew with a library in 1981 and swimming pool (later enclosed) five years later, in 1986. Architect William Chirgotis designed and funded a new chapel in memory of their parents, in 1985. A playground was built with donated money in 1990, and in 1999 a medical and dental facility. Maintenance and renovation projects continue around campus as educational programs for students.
As a dormitory, and residency controversy
After 1997 Saint Basil stopped in-house instruction, and so Highland Falls-Fort Montgomery Central School District (HFFMCSD) began educating Saint Basil students. Saint Basil had requested Garrison Union Free School District (which sends high school students to Highland Falls-Fort Montgomery) be the party educating Saint Basil students, but the Garrison district declined. In 2003, Highland Falls-Fort Montgomery stopped allowing St. Basil students to attend classes at Highland Falls-Fort Montgomery because St. Basil was not paying tuition for the students. Saint Basil had failed to pay $237,000 to HFFMCSD. Then Saint Basil asked Garrison Union Free School District (which sends high school students to Highland Falls-Fort Montgomery) to take the students for free; Garrison argued against this because Saint Basil was not officially licensed to be in charge of its students.
In fall 2003 the New York State Education Department decided that in the meantime, the Garrison district would be the school district for Saint Basil Academy students who originated from households residing in New York State. Garrison chose to educate Saint Basil students up to the 8th grade. Marek Fuchs of The New York Times wrote that due to the extra expenses, "The decision [to have Garrison educate the students] was an unpopular one in Garrison." In November 2003 the New York State Office of Children and Family Services formally requested that Saint Basil apply for such a license in order to stay open. The Department of Children and Families turned down the application in January 2004 and stated that Saint Basil should not operate anymore. However in April 2004 the New York State Education Department had ruled that the Garrison district was not required to educate Saint Basil students. In September 2004 Highland Falls-Fort Montgomery's high school, James I. O'Neill High School, was still taking students from Saint Basil who were not from families resident in New York State.
Saint Basil sent elementary and middle school aged students to Bishop Dunn Memorial School of Mount Saint Mary College in Newburgh, and high school students to Haldane High School of Haldane Central School District in Cold Spring. In 2016 Bishop Dunn Memorial was still the K-8 used by Saint Basil, and it sent high school aged children to different high schools.
Resident demographics
most of the students were of races other than non-Hispanic white and originated from urban environments. Usually children are admitted when social service government organizations send them there. Many of the children came from environments where child abuse or family problems occurred.
See also
List of boarding schools in the United States
National Register of Historic Places listings in Putnam County, New York
References
External links
School website
Boarding schools in New York (state)
Eastern Orthodox schools in the United States
Eastern Orthodoxy in New York (state)
Christian schools in New York (state)
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Educational institutions established in 1944
Hudson River
New York Yankees
Schools in Putnam County, New York
Private high schools in New York (state)
1944 establishments in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
Educational institutions disestablished in 1997
Halls Corners may refer to:
Halls Corners, Indiana
Halls Corner, New Jersey
Halls Corners, New York
See also
Halls Corner (disambiguation)
Masud Rana is a Bangladeshi crime action film released in 1974. Masud Rana is a fictional character created by Qazi Anwar Hussain and published under the banner of Sheba Prokashoni. Since 1966, it has published over four hundred books on this character. It was based on the story of Bismoron (lit. Amnesia) novel of Masud Rana series, which in turn is based on Strictly for Cash.. by James Hadley Chase. This is the debut film of Sohel Rana.
The film stars Sohel Rana in the role of Masud Rana, Olivia and Kabori, Golam Mostafa, Khalil, Fateh Lohani and Razzak as a guest actor.
Plot
Masud Rana, who was visiting Sri Lanka, suddenly got into trouble. While fleeing with helper Rita and their husband Kumar, they met with a road accident. They lost their memory in the accident. Rita, a newly widowed woman, conspired with Rana to illegally occupy their husband's property.
Cast
Sohel Rana - Masud Rana
Kabori - Sabita
Olivia - Rita
Golam Mustafa - Hulugal
Khalil - Natraj Hikka
Fateh Lohani - Raghunath
Saifuddin - Police officer
Razzak - club singer (as guest actor)
Khan Zainul - Pillai of Tirugansampandamutinina
Sultana - Office Secretary
Jabed Rohim
Juber
Bibek
Gui
Babul
Robiul - Hospital janitor
Jasim
Noalin
Jhuma Mukherjee
Production
Development
In 1973, the plan to making a film based on Masud Rana novel was made by Sohel Rana. For that purpose, an advertisement was published in newspaper for main character of the film. A character election committee was made. Members of the committee were Ahmed Zaman Chowdhury S.M Shafi, Sumita Devi and producer Sohel Rana. After some days Ahmed Zaman Chowdhury of the committee, who was film journalist of that time suggested that Sohel Rana should be Masud Rana of the film. In that time they acted as actor, producer and director of the film.
Filming
The story set in Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. Most of the scenes of the film are shot in Cox's Bazar, especially for Sri Lankan parts. Remaining scenes of the film are shot in TSC, DU and Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission, Dhaka.
Music
Azad Rahman has directed and composed the music for Masud Rana. Sabina Yasmin, Anjuman Ara Begum, Khurshid Alam and Selina Azad sang the songs of the film.
Awards
References
External links
1974 films
Masud Rana
1970s action thriller films
Bengali-language Bangladeshi films
1970s Bengali-language films
Bangladeshi action thriller films
Bangladeshi black-and-white films
Films scored by Azad Rahman
Films based on Bengali novels
Films based on Bangladeshi novels
Films shot in Cox's Bazar
Films shot in Dhaka
Films set in Sri Lanka
Parvez Films films
Quantum Detectors Limited is a spin-out company from the Diamond Light Source and Science and Technology Facilities Council, although it also commercialises technology from other large scale facilities such as the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility. The function of the company is to take to market developments that would otherwise only be used by the funders of the development; this wider use of these new technologies benefits the scientific community through improved facilities and the developer through aiding them in meeting their impact / knowledge transfer obligations.
Quantum Detectors is based at the Harwell Science and Innovation Campus close to the city of Oxford in the United Kingdom (UK). The company was founded in 2007 and is privately owned by Diamond Light Source Ltd. and The Science and Technology Facilities council commercial arm, STFC Innovations Ltd.
History
Quantum Detectors was originally a spin out from the Synchrotron Radiation Source at Daresbury. The SRS being one of the first synchrotrons used for beamline users, there were few detectors available during its early years, requiring development of new systems for each application where commercial solutions were not available. This led to a number of novel detector systems, some of which were sold by the operator of the SRS to other facilities internationally, such as the ESRF, SPring-8 and the Photon Factory. These detectors included Xspress, XSTRIP and RAPID, updated versions of which can all be found at the Diamond Light Source today.
Given the history of the Detector Group at Daresbury to develop detectors with a demand around the globe, spinning out a company to optimise this process was a logical step. The company was thought up independently a number of times by people in the management at Daresbury, but finally in 2005 the company was incorporated and domain name purchased and in 2007 the project was funded, in mid 2008 it gained the first employee.
Diamond opened in January 2007 and the SRS closed in August 2008, leading to the relocation of Quantum Detectors to Harwell to stay with the UK's Synchrotron Facility. 10% of Quantum Detectors shares were then purchased by Diamond, who then elected a Director to the Quantum Detectors Board. The remaining 90% of the shares belong to STFC.
References
External links
http://www.quantumdetectors.com
https://web.archive.org/web/20090220205830/http://www.stfc.ac.uk/About/Find/RAL/Introduction.aspx
http://www.stfcinnovations.co.uk/Spinouts/17902.aspx
Companies based in Oxfordshire
Science and Technology Facilities Council
Canellales is the botanical name for an order of flowering plants, one of the four orders of the magnoliids. It is recognized by the most recent classification of flowering plants, the APG IV system. It is defined to contain two families: Canellaceae and Winteraceae, which comprise 136 species of fragrant trees and shrubs. The Canellaceae are found in tropical America and Africa, and the Winteraceae are part of the Antarctic flora (found in diverse parts of the southern hemisphere). Although the order was defined based on phylogenetic studies, a number of possible synapomorphies have been suggested, relating to the pollen tube, the seeds, the thickness of the integument, and other aspects of the morphology.
Until 1999, these two families were not considered to be closely related. Instead the Winteraceae were considered to be a primitive family (due to the structure of the xylem and carpel, a structure which now seems to be derived from xylem and carpels more typical of the angiosperms as a whole). The Canellaceae was often considered to be related to the Myristicaceae. However, studies starting in 1999, based on molecular phylogeny or morphology, have supported uniting these two families.
References
Angiosperm orders
Story Landis is an American neurobiologist and former director of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke at the National Institutes of Health. They were director of the institute between September 1, 2003 and October 2014. Dr. Landis worked at NINDS since 1995, and was named Chair of the NIH Stem Cell Task Force in 2007.
Life
They received their undergraduate degree in biology from Wellesley College in 1967 and their Master's Degree and Ph.D. from Harvard University. Them doctoral work at Harvard focused on cerebellar development in mice. They were a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard, where they studied transmitter plasticity in sympathetic neurons.
Dr. Landis served as a professor in the Department of Neurobiology at Harvard Medical School until 1985, when they joined the faculty of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine.
 They are an elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the American Neurological Association.
References
External links
Story C. Landis, Ph.D.
http://www.nih.gov/about/director/07312014_statement_landis.htm
http://www.npr.org/2013/02/18/172336350/new-project-would-map-the-human-brain
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American neuroscientists
American women neuroscientists
Case Western Reserve University faculty
Harvard Medical School faculty
Harvard University alumni
Wellesley College alumni
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
American women academics
21st-century American women
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The 1924 Constitution of the Soviet Union was the constitution of the Soviet Union adopted on 31 January 1924. According to Archie Brown the constitution was never an accurate guide to political reality in the USSR. For example, the fact that the Communist Party played the leading role in making and enforcing policy was not explicitly mentioned in it until 1977.
History of the Constitution
The 1924 Constitution was the first constitution of the Soviet Union and ratified by the Second Congress of Soviets. The 1924 Constitution legitimized the December 1922 Treaty on the Creation of the USSR between the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, and the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic founding the Soviet Union. In essence, the 1924 Constitution was an expansion and generalization of the 1922 Treaty, with most of the major parts already specified by the treaty, and also allowed for a potential expansion of the Soviet Union. Whereas the original Treaty had only 26 articles, the 1924 Constitution now had 72 divided into eleven chapters. The 1924 Constitution replaced the Russian Constitution of 1918 which served as a precursor and influenced the main principles of the Union-wide constitution.
The 1924 Constitution established the Congress of Soviets to be the supreme body of Soviet state authority, with the Central Executive Committee having this authority during the interims and serving as the country's collective presidency. The Central Executive Committee also elected the Council of People's Commissars, which served as the executive branch of the government. The Central Executive Committee was divided into the Soviet of the Union representing the constituent republics, and the Soviet of Nationalities representing directly the interests of nationality groups. The Presidium supervised the government administration between sessions of the Central Executive Committee.
The 1924 Constitution survived six editions until it was replaced by the 1936 Constitution of the Soviet Union on 5 December 1936.
See also
1936 Soviet Constitution
1977 Soviet Constitution
References
- Soviet Union
External links
Full Text and All Laws Amending the 1924 Constitution of the U.S.S.R.
Constitution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics Abridged
Constitution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Constitutions of the Soviet Union
Soviet Constitution
1924 in the Soviet Union
1924 documents
January 1924 events
Renier or Rénier may refer to:
Given name:
Renier Botha (born 1992), South African rugby union player
Renier Coetzee PS, General Officer in the South African Army
François Renier Duminy (1747–1811), French mariner, navigator, cartographer and South African pioneer
Renier Erasmus, South African rugby union player
Renier de Huy, 12th-century metalworker and sculptor
Renier of St Laurent (died 1188), twelfth-century Benedictine monk of St Laurent Abbey, Liège
Giustina Renier Michiel (1755–1832), aristocratic woman who helped intellectual and social Venetian life flourish
Renier I of Montferrat (1084–1135), ruler of the state of Montferrat in north-west Italy from about 1100 to their death
Renier of Montferrat (1162–1183), the fifth son of William V of Montferrat and Judith of Babenberg
Renier Schoeman (born 1983), South African rugby union player
Jan Renier Snieders (1812–1888), Flemish writer, brother of August Snieders
Renier of Trit, the first Frankish duke of Philippopolis (modern Plovdiv, Bulgaria) from 1204 to 1205
Renier van Tzum (1600–1670), merchant/trader and official of the Dutch East India Company
Renier Vázquez (born 1979), Spanish chess player, Grand Master in 2007
Renier Zen (died 1268), the 45th Doge of Venice, reigning from January 1, 1253, until their death in 1268
Surname:
Alphonse Renier, Belgian football player who competed in the 1900 Olympic Games
Ferdinand Renier, Belgian weightlifter
Franck Rénier (born 1974), French professional road bicycle racer
G. J. Renier (1892–1962), professor of Dutch History at University College London
Jérémie Renier (born 1981), Belgian actor
Joseph Emile Renier (1887–1966) American sculptor, professor and medalist
Marc Renier (born 1953), former Belgian racing cyclist
Paolo Renier (1710–1789), Venetian statesman, the 119th, and penultimate, Doge of Venice
Pascal Renier (born 1971), Belgian football defender
Yannick Renier (born 1975), Belgian actor in theatre, film and television
Geography:
Renier Point (6094–6094), the east extremity of both Burgas Peninsula and Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica
See also
Regnier (disambiguation)
Reinier
Renierite
Reynier (disambiguation)
fr:Rénier
it:Renier
Tarek Ahmad El Ali (; born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a forward for club Ahed.
Club career
Nejmeh
El Ali signed for Lebanese Premier League side Nejmeh's youth team on 4 August 2003. They began their senior career aged 17, in 2004–05. In their only season at Nejmeh, El Ali helped their side win the league, the Elite Cup, and the Super Cup.
Mabarra
In 2005 the Lebanese forward moved to Mabarra, staying seven seasons at the club, until 2012. El Ali won the Lebanese FA Cup with Mabarra 2007–08, the club's first, and competed in the 2009 AFC Cup. On 5 May 2009, El Ali scored their first AFC Cup goal against Iraqi club Erbil. However, with two wins in six matches, Mabarra came last in their group and were knocked-out of the competition.
Ahed
In 2012 El Ali moved to Ahed. During their four-season stay, they won a league title (2014–15), two Elite Cups (2013 and 2015), and a Super Cup (2015).
Loan to Tadamon Sour
On 17 August 2016, Tadamon Sour announced the signing of El Ali on a one-year loan from Ahed. Following a year at Tadamon Sour, playing 16 games and scoring twice, the loan was extended for two more years.
Return to Ahed
On 12 September 2019, Ahed announced the return from loan of El Ali. In their first season after returning to the club, El Ali helped Ahed lift the 2019 Super Cup, as well as the 2019 AFC Cup.
International career
On 18 April 2007, El Ali scored two goals for Lebanon U23, in a 2–1 win against Indonesia in the 2008 Olympic Games Qualifiers. They also played for the senior team, scoring two goals in five games between 2007 and 2011.
Career statistics
International
Honours
Nejmeh
Lebanese Premier League: 2004–05
Lebanese Elite Cup: 2004
Lebanese Super Cup: 2004
Mabarra
Lebanese FA Cup: 2007–08
Ahed
AFC Cup: 2019
Lebanese Premier League: 2014–15, 2021–22
Lebanese Elite Cup: 2013, 2015; runner-up: 2021
Lebanese Super Cup: 2015, 2019
Individual
Lebanese Premier League Team of the Season: 2010–11
See also
List of Lebanon international footballers born outside Lebanon
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Kenema
Lebanese footballers
Lebanese people of Sierra Leonean descent
Sierra Leonean people of Lebanese descent
Sportspeople of Sierra Leonean descent
Sportspeople of Lebanese descent
Association football forwards
Nejmeh SC players
Al Mabarra Club players
Tadamon Sour SC players
Al Ahed FC players
Lebanese Premier League players
Lebanon youth international footballers
Lebanon international footballers
AFC Cup winning players
Manina may refer to:
Manina (opera), by Nico Dostal
Manina, character in 1950 film September Affair
Manina, the Girl in the Bikini 1952 French film directed by Willy Rozier and starring Brigitte Bardot, Jean-François Calvé and Howard Vernon
Tamara Manina (born 1934), Soviet Olympic gymnast
Manina, location in Congo-Brazzaville
Manina Vlizianon, village in Greece
See also
"Che gelida manina" ("What frozen little hand"), aria from La bohème
Warwick Nesbit Snedden (10 July 1920 – 25 December 1990) was a New Zealand cricketer who played two matches for Auckland in the 1946–47 season. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium bowler, Snedden made 92 runs from their two matches at 30.66, largely from one knock of 75. Their father, Nessie Snedden and brother Colin Snedden both played first-class cricket, while their son Martin Snedden played 25 Tests and 93 One Day Internationals for New Zealand.
See also
List of Auckland representative cricketers
References
External links
1920 births
1990 deaths
Cricketers from Auckland
New Zealand cricketers
Auckland cricketers
Warwick
The 48th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from April 25 to May 10, 1998. Only 68 cyclists (out of 93) completed the race.
Stages
1998-04-25: Villavicencio — Villavicencio (5.8 km)
1998-04-26: Circuito del Llano (172 km)
1998-04-27: Villavicencio — Cáqueza (147 km)
1998-04-28: Funza — Girardot (131 km)
1998-04-29: Girardot — Neiva (172 km)
1998-04-30: Neiva — Ibagué (208 km)
1998-05-01: Circuito del Café — Calle (144 km)
1998-05-02: Santa Rosa de Cabal — Alto de Santa Helena (229 km)
1998-05-03: Medellín — Manizales (195 km)
1998-05-04: Manizales — Dorada (177 km)
1998-05-05: Puerto Boyacá — Barrancabermeja (202 km)
1998-05-06: Barrancabermeja — Bucaramanga (124 km)
1998-05-07: Bucaramanga — Barichara (148.7 km)
1998-05-08: Barbosa — Duitama (138.9 km)
1998-05-09: Paipa — Tunja (43.5 km)
1998-05-10: Circuito en Bogotá (104 km)
Final classification
Teams
Telecom — Kelme
Petróleos de Colombia — Energía Pura
Kelme Costa Blanca — Eurosport
Aguardiente Antioqueño — Lotería de Medellín
Ciclistas de Jesucristo
Aguardiente Néctar
Estampados Panamericanos — Distrillantas
Cicloases
Aguardiente Néctar — Ron Santafé
Lotería de Santander — Mixto Telecom
Flavia — Meta — Alcaldía de Cómbita
See also
1998 Clásico RCN
References
cyclingnews
pedalesybielas( 2009-10-22)
Vuelta a Colombia
Colombia
Vuelta Colombia
The Office of the State Architect and Engineer, also known informally as the State Architect's Office (SAO), was created as an office in the Department or Highways and Public Works by the Administrative Reorganization Act of 1921. The history of Ohio Public Works can be traced to shortly after the state was admitted to the Union in 1803, making it one of the older entities in state government. The manager of this office was generally an Ohio registered architect.
The mission of the State Architect's Office was "to effectively and efficiently lead capital planning, design, and construction of public facilities through quality service, expertise, and knowledge sharing."
History
Public Works was originally a Board formed for the purpose of building and maintaining Ohio's canal transportation system. Created in 1921, the Office of the State Architect and Engineer and the newly formed Department of Highways and Public Works was originally located in the Ohio-Hartman Building, formerly the Hartman Hotel, at 275 South Fourth Street. It was listed as the Division of Public Lands and Buildings in the 1923 Columbus City Directory. In 1927, the Department was split between Highways and Public Works. In 1930, the office was listed as the Division of Architects and Engineers in the Department of Public Works, and in 1933 moved to the new Departments of State Building, now the Ohio Judicial Center, at 65 South Front Street.
In 1974, Public Works was "demoted" to a Division when the departments of Finance, State Personnel, and Public Works were reorganized into the Department of Administrative Services (DAS) and the Office of Budget and Management, and moved to the new State Office Tower, subsequently named for Governor James A. Rhodes, at 30 East Broad Street. It became an office in the General Services Division (GSD) of DAS in 1995, and the office moved to the General Services Center at 4200 Surface Road. After being located downtown since its inception, the office moved to the West side of Columbus just inside the I-270 outerbelt. For a short period of time in the late 1990s, it was known as the Office of Construction Management.
Prior to the establishment of the Office of the State Architect and Engineer, there were fifty-one mutually independent offices, boards, and commissions that comprised the executive department of the state. When necessary, they engaged outside architects and contractors to serve their construction needs on an ad hoc basis. Consolidation of construction authority in one agency allowed for consistency of policy and procedure, as well as standardized contracts and conditions. The Administrative Act of 1921 provided an architectural expert employed by the state, which allowed centralized planning and administration. In 1921, the only agency exempt from central administration was the Adjutant General. Over the years, this authority has eroded significantly, and the institutions of higher education have had varying degrees of interaction with the office.
On April 25, 2012, the Ohio House passed House Bill 487, the Governor's Mid-Biennium Budget Review Bill. On May 16, it was approved by the Senate. House Bill 487 merged the State Architect's Office with the Ohio School Facilities Commission to form the Ohio Facilities Construction Commission.
See also
AIA Columbus
References
External links
Ohio Facilities Construction Commission
F.W. Coker Article on 1921 Act
Ohio History Central entry on the Administrative Reorganization Code of 1921
Civil Service Laws of Ohio including Administrative Reorganization Code
Architecture organizations based in the United States
Defunct architecture firms based in Ohio
Pujya Swami Chidanand Saraswati (called Pujya Swamiji or Pujya Muniji by disciples), is the president and spiritual head of the Parmarth Niketan Ashram, a spiritual institution based in Rishikesh, India.  They are also the founder and spiritual head of the Hindu Jain Temple in Pittsburgh.
Life
They were born on June 3, 1952.
Works
Literary works
Swami Chidanand Saraswati is credited with conceiving the idea of and laying the foundation for the 11-volume Encyclopedia of Hinduism beginning in the year 1987.
Their biography is called By God's Grace: The Life and Teachings of Pujya Swami Chidanand Saraswati and was published by Mandala Publishing in 2012.
Humanitarian and environmental work
Chidanand Saraswati is the founder or co-founder of several humanitarian and environmental organizations which serve a number of causes, including: Ganga Action Parivar, to preserve and protect the Ganga river and its tributaries; India Heritage Research Foundation (IHRF), which provides education, health care, youth welfare, and vocational training; Divine Shakti Foundation, which provides education and assistance to widowed and impoverished women and children, as well as the protection of street animals in India such as cows and dogs; the Global Interfaith WASH Alliance (GIWA) to provide access to safe drinking water, improved sanitation and proper hygiene; and Project Hope, an umbrella organization that brings together various humanitarian and environmental organizations in times of disaster to provide both emergency relief and long-term rehabilitation.
 They are also interested in interfaith dialogue and currently sits on the Board of World Religious Leaders for the Elijah Interfaith Institute.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
20th-century Hindu religious leaders
People from Rishikesh
The Karakum Desert, also spelled Kara-Kum and Gara-Gum (, ; ), is a desert in Central Asia. Its name in Turkic languages means "black sand": "kum" means sand; "kara" is a contraction of : "dark" or may pre-date that (be a derivation from a likely broader meaning which the word for black bore: ) in this language family. This refers to the shale-rich sand generally beneath the sand of much of the desert. It occupies about 70 percent, 350,000 km2, of Turkmenistan.
The population is sparse, with an average of one person per 6.5 km2 (2.5 square miles). Rainfall is also rare, ranging from 70 to 150 mm per year.
Geography
The desert covers roughly seventy percent of Turkmenistan, a long east–west swath. It sits east of the Caspian Sea which has a steep east bank. It adjoins, to north, the long delta feeding the South Aral Sea further north, another endorheic lake, about 58 metres higher than the Caspian Sea. The delta is that of the Amu Dar'ya river to the northeast demarcating the long border with the Kyzyl Kum desert, of Uzbekistan. The desert is divided into three regions, the eleveated northern Trans-Unguz Karakum, the low-lying Central Karakum, and the southeastern Karakum, home to a chain of salt marshes. In decades since the early 1980s, the relatively small desert extension the "Aral Karakum" occupies most of the former seabed of the Aral Sea, about 15,440 sq mi/40,000 km2. The sea has fluctuated over millennia. Its majority loss during Soviet Union existence coinciding with great irrigation projects. The North Aral Sea was restoring to a status in 2009 but the South Aral Sea ebbed to a small-size stasis at its river mouth.
Within the north-west edge of the desert used to be a river. In the late Pleistocene, the Amu Dar'ya used to flow beyond the Aral Basin to Sarykamysh Lake then to the Caspian Sea. Sedimentation and floods during a pluvial period led to overflow to the Zeravshan River valley to the east. The two flows merged and formed or expanded Horezm Lake, which had been formed by the earlier Khvalinian period, and as it overflowed northwards it carved its link with the Aral Sea along the Akcha Dar'ya population corridor of that low, gentle valley (a remote community of Western Uzbekistan and north-east Turkmenistan).
Environment
The sands of the Aral Karakum are made of finely-dispersed evaporites and remnants of alkaline mineral deposits, washed into the basin from irrigated fields.
Wildlife
Wildlife in this area is not very diverse and includes insects such as ants, termites, ticks, spiders, dung beetles, and darkling beetles. Lizards, turtles, and snakes also live in the Karakum. Bird species include alauda, desert sparrows, and other species, while rodents include jerboas and gophers. The tolai hare, goitered gazelle, corsac fox are examples of mammal species in the Karakum Desert.
Geology
The Karakum Desert is home to the Darvaza Gas Crater. Also called the "Door to Hell" or the "Gates of Hell" by locals, it is a crater of natural gas that has been burning since 1971. The crater is a major tourist attraction, with hundreds of visitors arriving each year.
The area has significant oil and natural gas deposits.
Hydrography
To the south the Murghab and Tejen rivers flow out of the Hindu Kush Mountains, flow west, and empty into the desert, providing water for irrigation.
The desert is crossed by the second largest irrigation canal in the world, the Karakum Canal, which brings water from the Amu Darya to southern regions of the desert. Construction on the canal was started in 1954 and completed in 1958. It is 1,375 km in length, and carries 13-20 km³ of water annually.
Archaeology
Within the Karakum are the Uly Balkan, a mountain range in which archaeologists have found human remains dating back to the Stone Age.
Economy and resources
The oases of Mary and Tejen are noted for cotton growing.
Transport
The desert is crossed by the Trans-Caspian Railway.
See also
Kyzylkum Desert
List of deserts by area
Notes and references
Footnotes
References
External links
Gonur Depe site in the Karakum Desert
photos and about the Karakum Desert
TravelBlog Darvasa Craters: Entrance to Hell
Deserts of Central Asia
Deserts of Kazakhstan
Deserts of Turkmenistan
Deserts of Uzbekistan
Ergs
Boxer Vadivelu was a fisherman and criminal from Power Kuppam, Kasimedu. They started by collecting extortion money from the markets at the Royapuram fishing harbour. Vadivelu then transported foreign liquor and goods from Kasimedu, Royapuram and Chennai harbours, and was also involved in smuggling, contract killing, and extortion. Their gang attacked the office of the Tharasu magazine in 1991, killing its employees. They obtained the political patronage of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, which was followed by a rivalry between them and gangster Ayodhya Kuppam Veeramani after this incident.
Vadivelu played a cameo part in the 1997 crime movie Omkaram, being arrested and sentenced to prison afterwards.
Death
In November 1999 they died in Chennai Central Prison due to liver failure, which resulted in a riot.
References
Criminals from Tamil Nadu
People from Chennai
Year of birth missing
Indian gangsters
Indian murderers
Indian extortionists
Indian smugglers
1999 deaths
Prisoners who died in Indian detention
Indian people who died in prison custody
Mane Devru is a 1993 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed and enacted by V. Ravichandran along with Sudharani pairing together for the first time. The supporting cast features K. S. Ashwath, Tennis Krishna, Disco Shanti among others. The film was a Blockbuster at the box office.
The film was a remake of K. Bhagyaraj's Tamil blockbuster film Mouna Geethangal (1981) and was also remade in Hindi as Ek Hi Bhool (1981).
Cast
V. Ravichandran as Ranganath
Sudharani as Janaki
K. S. Ashwath
Disco Shanti
Tennis Krishna
Umesh
Sathyajit
Kashi
Venki
Shanthamma
Dingri Nagaraj
Sadashiva Brahmavar
Soundtrack
Tracks
Hamsalekha composed the film's soundtrack and penned the lyrics.
References
1993 films
1990s Kannada-language films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Indian romantic drama films
Kannada remakes of Tamil films
Films directed by V. Ravichandran
1993 romantic drama films
Blue Chip Stamps started as a trading stamps company called "Blue Chip Stamp Co." They were a competitor of S&H Green Stamps. Blue Chip stamps were a loyalty program for customers, similar to discount cards issued by pharmacies and grocery stores in the digital era. A customer making a purchase at a participating store (typically grocery stores, gasoline stations, and pharmacy chains) would be given stamps in proportion to the dollar amount of the purchase. The stamps were dispensed by machines adjacent to the cash register. The customer would paste the stamps (which could be moistened like postage stamps) into books. The books could then be taken to a redemption center and redeemed for merchandise, such as lawn furniture, dining tables, tableware, and many other items. The redemption centers did not maintain a full inventory of items but would order from a catalog on behalf of the customer.
The loyalty program was funded through the overall pricing of goods in the participating retailers. With the recession of 1980, cost cutting caused the program to lose popularity, and the growth of credit card transactions competed for retail margins. As computerization developed, less-cumbersome loyalty programs were developed. These programs required less of a customer's time and had lower operational costs. They did not require physical locations for redemption, and the discounts often were restricted to the products offered by the participating stores, i.e., the participating stores were discounting merchandise that they would keep in stock even without the reward program.
History and background
In 1963, the US government began an antitrust action against Blue Chip Stamp. In 1967, the parties agreed to a consent decree which led to the creation of a new company "Blue Chip Stamps".
In 1975, a lawsuit filed by Blue Chip Stamps was decided by the Supreme Court in the opinion Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores. This ruling helped establish the precedent that only buyers or sellers of securities can file suit for damages due to deceptive practices.
Berkshire Hathaway, the investment vehicle of Warren Buffett, began investing in Blue Chip Stamps in 1970. Berkshire's investment in Blue Chip went from 36.5% in 1977, to 60% in 1979, and finally merged in a stock swap in 1983.
According to Buffett's 2006 letter to Berkshire shareholders, Blue Chip had 1970 sales of $126 million as about 60 billion "stamps were licked by savers, pasted into books, and taken to Blue Chip redemption stores." They also said, "When I was told that even certain brothels and mortuaries gave stamps to their patrons, I felt I had finally found a sure thing." Sales dropped to $19.4 million in 1980 and $1.5 million in 1990. In 2006, revenues came in at $25,920.
Acquisitions
On January 3, 1972, Blue Chip obtained a controlling interest in See's Candy Shops. Blue Chip later acquired 100% of See's for an overall price of $25 million.
Wesco Financial Corporation was an 80.1% owned subsidiary of Blue Chip Stamps until its complete merger into Berkshire Hathaway in 2011.
See also
Trading stamps
S&H Green Stamps - a direct competitor of Blue Chip Stamps.
References
External links
William J Kozersky Stamp Company commercial site with pictures of Blue Chip Stamps, and much information
Berkshire Hathaway
Customer loyalty programs
Cinderella stamps
Latera is a small town and comune in the Province of Viterbo, Lazio, central Italy.
Situated near Bolsena Lake and Mezzano Lake, is important for volcanic underground activity near the town centre. It has a small rock with a medieval palace by Farnese family, surrounded by medieval stone houses.
History
Latera and its castle are known by documents from around the beginning of the 12th century. It began its long-lasting link with the Farnese family in 1408, when Pope Gregory XII conceded vicardom of the city to Ranuccio Farnese, creating with the namesake city of Farnese a Duchy independent from that of the nearby Castro. The Farnese reigned over Latera until 1650.
Main sights
The Palace of Ranuccio Farnese
The Three Fountains
Museum of Earth, inaugurated in 1999
See also
Wars of Castro
References
External links
Cities and towns in Lazio
Former monarchies of Europe
Former duchies
Madison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 52,913. The county seat and largest city is Rexburg.
Madison County is part of the Rexburg, Idaho micropolitan area, which is also included in the Idaho Falls metropolitan area.
History
The area was originally settled by members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Before February 1913, the county was part of neighboring Fremont County. The newly established county was named for American president James Madison. Brigham Young University–Idaho, formerly Ricks College (named after early local LDS settler Thomas Edwin Ricks) is located in Madison County. Madison County was declared a national disaster area after the flood of June 5, 1976.
Madison County is the owner of the healthcare system in the region. However, it is contracted out to Madison Memorial. Madison Memorial began in 1951 when the doctors at that time decided it was time for the community to have a hospital. They then closed their practices and collaborated with the community to build Madison Memorial, a non-profit healthcare system. Since that time, Madison Memorial has continued to grow, promote population health for the region, and provide professional healthcare services for the region with over 800 employees. The region served includes the following counties Jefferson, Madison, Fremont, Teton, Clark, and Lemhi. Madison Memorial is the nearest hospital to Yellowstone National Park.
Government and politics
Similar to other Idaho counties, an elected three-member county commission heads the county government. Other elected officials include clerk, treasurer, sheriff, assessor, coroner, and prosecutor.
With a strongly conservative and Mormon population, Madison County is one of the most staunchly Republican counties in the United States. Since 1968 no Republican presidential candidate has failed to carry the county with less than 56 percent of the vote, and no Democratic presidential nominee has cracked 23 percent thereof. In that same period Republican presidential candidates polled more than 90 percent of the county's vote on three occasions, Ronald Reagan in 1984, George W. Bush in 2004, and Mitt Romney in 2012. John McCain came close to this level in 2008, drawing 85 percent of the vote. In 2016, Donald Trump won the county, but performed far worse in it than Republicans typically do: they received just 57 percent of the vote, while Romney had received over 93 percent of the vote there four years earlier. However, this is attributed to the county also gave Evan McMullin almost thirty percent of the vote in 2016, which was their best performance of any county in the entire country that year.
In 2020, Trump won 79% of the vote, 22 points up from 2016. However this was still a lower vote share than those achieved by Republican candidates George W Bush in 2000 and 2004, John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012.
Joe Biden won 15.6%, up 7.9% from Hillary Clinton's vote share in 2016. Biden's vote share was the highest for a Democrat in a presidential race in this county since 1996. It was also one of just four times since Lyndon Johnson's 1964 landslide that a Democrat exceeded 15% (the others being the asupervisorstioned 1996, as well as Jimmy Carter in 1976 and Hubert Humphrey in 1968).
At the state level Madison County is located in Legislative District 34, which currently has an all-Republican delegation in the Idaho Legislature.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Idaho by area.
Adjacent counties
Fremont County - north
Teton County - east
Bonneville County - south
Jefferson County - west
Major highways
US 20
SH-33
National protected area
Targhee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 27,467 people, 7,129 households, and 4,854 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,630 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.50% White, 0.24% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.18% Pacific Islander, 2.23% from other races, and 0.95% from two or more races. 3.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 30.6% were of English, 10.7% German, 10.2% American and 5.3% Danish ancestry.
There were 7,129 households, out of which 39.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.10% were married couples living together, 5.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.90% were non-families. 12.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.66 and the average family size was 3.70.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 39.90% from 18 to 24, 16.00% from 25 to 44, 11.90% from 45 to 64, and 6.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,607, and the median income for a family was $40,880. Males had a median income of $29,299 versus $18,628 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,956. About 10.10% of families and 30.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.70% of those under age 18 and 10.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 37,536 people, 10,611 households, and 7,887 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 11,280 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.9% white, 0.9% Asian, 0.5% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.8% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 35.9% were English, 14.8% were German, 6.0% were Danish, 5.7% were American, and 5.4% were Irish.
Of the 10,611 households, 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.7% were non-families, and 10.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.44 and the average family size was 3.42. The median age was 22.6 years.
Madison County had the lowest median household income in the state of Idaho; household in the county was $35,461 and the median income for a family was $41,117. Males had a median income of $38,398 versus $22,440 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,735. About 21.4% of families and 32.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.9% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Rexburg
Sugar City
Unincorporated communities
Archer
Burton
Thornton
Hibbard
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison County, Idaho
References
External links
County website
Idaho counties
Rexburg, Idaho micropolitan area
1913 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1913
The cardiac plexus is a plexus of nerves situated at the base of the heart that innervates the heart.
Structure
The cardiac plexus is divided into a superficial part, which lies in the concavity of the aortic arch, and a deep part, between the aortic arch and the trachea. The two parts are, however, closely connected. The sympathetic component of the cardiac plexus comes from cardiac nerves, which originate from the sympathetic trunk. The parasympathetic component of the cardiac plexus originates from the cardiac branches of the vagus nerve.
Superficial part
The superficial part of the cardiac plexus lies beneath the arch of the aorta, in front of the right pulmonary artery. It is formed by the superior cervical cardiac branch of the left sympathetic trunk and the inferior cardiac branch of the left vagus nerve. A small ganglion, the cardiac ganglion of Wrisberg, is occasionally found connected with these nerves at their point of junction. This ganglion, when present, is situated immediately beneath the arch of the aorta, on the right side of the ligamentum arteriosum.
The superficial part of the cardiac plexus gives branches to:
the deep part of the plexus.
the anterior coronary plexus.
the left anterior pulmonary plexus.
Deep part
The deep part of the cardiac plexus is situated in front of the bifurcation of the trachea (known as the carina), above the point of division of the pulmonary artery, and behind the aortic arch. It is formed by the cardiac nerves derived from the cervical ganglia of the sympathetic trunk, and the cardiac branches of the vagus and recurrent laryngeal nerves.
The only cardiac nerves which do not enter into the formation of the deep part of the cardiac plexus are the superior cardiac nerve of the left sympathetic trunk, and the lower of the two superior cervical cardiac branches from the left vagus nerve, which pass to the superficial part of the plexus.
Right half
The branches from the right half of the deep part of the cardiac plexus pass, some in front of, and others behind, the right pulmonary artery; the former, the more numerous, transmit a few filaments to the anterior pulmonary plexus, and are then continued onward to form part of the anterior coronary plexus; those behind the pulmonary artery distribute a few filaments to the right atrium, and are then continued onward to form part of the posterior coronary plexus.
Left half
The left half of the deep part of the plexus is connected with the superficial part of the cardiac plexus, and gives filaments to the left atrium, and to the anterior pulmonary plexus, and is then continued to form the greater part of the posterior coronary plexus.
See also
Sympathetic trunk
Splanchnic nerves
Autonomic nervous system
References
External links
()
Nerve plexus
Nerves of the torso
Heart
Parapaleomerus is a genus of strabopid of small size found in Chengjiang biota, China. It contains one species, P. sinensis. Unlike the other members of Strabopida, Parapaleomerus lacks dorsal eyes and only possesses ten trunk tergites. The telson has been described as trapezoidal. All the trunk tergites are straight and increasingly curve backwards abaxially from T4–10. Specimens of Parapaleomerus sinesis are typically dorsoventrally compressed. The exoskeleton of P. sinensis has a semi-elliptical head shield that lacks any indication of the presence of dorsal eyes. The largest specimen described is recorded as 9.2 cm long, with a maximum width of 9 cm.
References
Parapaleomerus
Fossils of China
Controversial taxa
The women's tournament of the 2014 FIBA 3x3 World Championships hosted in Russia was contested by 24 teams.
Participating teams
Four FIBA zones were represented at the tournament with no team from FIBA Oceania qualifying for the event. The top 24 teams, including the hosts, based on the FIBA National Federation ranking qualified for the tournament.
FIBA Asia (4)
(10)
(18)
(24)
(19)
FIBA Africa (2)
(22)
(15)
FIBA Oceania (0)
None qualified
FIBA Americas (4)
(21)
(5)
(9)
(12)
FIBA Europe (14)
(2)
(16)
(3)
(14)
(7)
(6)
(13)
(17)
(11)
(1)
(23) (hosts)
(4)
(8)
(20)
Main tournament
Preliminary round
Group A
|
|
|}
Group B
|
|
|}
Group C
|
|
|}
Group D
|
|
|}
Knockout stage
Awards
References
2016
Women
2014 in women's basketball
2014 in Russian women's sport
International women's basketball competitions hosted by Russia
The Houma Campaign (侯马战役), also dubbed as Houma Counteroffensive (侯马反击战), was a series of battles fought between the nationalists and the communists during Chinese Civil War in the post World War II era, and resulted in the communist victory.
Order of battle
Nationalist order of battle:
13th Army Group commanded by Wang Jingguo (王靖国)
34th Army commanded by Gao Zhuozhi (高卓之)
Communist order of battle:
Three brigades of the fourth Column (commanded by Chen Geng) of the Shanxi – Hebei – Shandong – Henan Military Region
Campaign
On 19 January 1946, Yan Xishan ordered their 13th Army Group to deploy its 34th Army from Linfen, and to strike southward along the Tatong-Puzhou Railway. Yan believed that the communists would let their guard down due to the truce signed by Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong in Chongqing on 10 January 1946, and their surprise attack would eradicate communist in their targeted regions. On 21 January 1946, the nationalists succeeded in taking regions to the west of Houma, including Eastern Height Hamlet (Donggaocun, 东高村), Western Height Hamlet (Xigaocun, 西高村), and Horse Village (Mazhuang, 马庄). The nationalists planned to carry out their next goal by driving the enemy into the region to the east of Quwo (曲沃), thus securing the southern section of Tatong-Puzhou Railway. However, the nationalist force was thinly spread when they were dispersed to guard the newly conquered territory, and this weakness was immediately captured and exploited by the enemy.
In the evening of 22 January 1946, Chen Geng concentrated three brigades of the communist 4th Column and launched a surprise attack on the unsuspecting nationalists, who were completely caught off guard. Within a short period of several hours, the nationalist lost an entire division, with over three thousand troops captured by the enemy, including the commander of the 45th Division. After repeated nationalist attacks were beaten back by the stubborn enemy, Yan Xishan was forced to accept defeat by ordering Wang Jingguo to sign a truce with Chen Geng, and the condition prior to the campaign was restored. The biggest winner of the campaign, however, was neither Yan Xishan nor the communists, but Chiang Kai-shek instead. The reason was that no matter who had won, the outcome always benefited Chiang's central government: if Yan had won, the communists would be weakened, and when the communists won, warlord was weakened, and since Chiang's troops were not involved, there was no political fallouts for breaking the truce for Chiang. The communist victory therefore had helped Chiang's central government to reduce the problem of warlords in weakening the local warlord in Shanxi.
See also
List of battles of the Chinese Civil War
National Revolutionary Army
History of the People's Liberation Army
Chinese Civil War
References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Liberation War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987,
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004,
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992,
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993,
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993 – 1997, (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)
Campaigns of the Chinese Civil War
1946 in China
Luganega (also luganiga, luganica or lucanica) is an Italian fresh sausage made with pork; it is a traditional food from Lombardy, Veneto and northern Italy and is usually rolled up to appear like a snail.
Luganega is part of the risotto alla monzese (rice Monza style), a variant of risotto alla milanese, can be used in barbecues or in rich stews together with mushrooms or potatoes.
It has a few variations: in the richest one pork is united with grana padano, marsala wine and broth.
Notes
Fresh sausages
Cuisine of Lombardy
Haide is a hamlet in the municipality of Mohlsdorf-Teichwolframsdorf in the Greiz district of Thuringia, southwest of the hamlet Gottesgrün, located on the Neumark–Greiz railway. The residential area consists of two farmsteads and three other residential buildings.
References
Greiz (district)
Sir John Rivers (died 27 February 1584) was a Tudor-era business person who became Lord Mayor of London.
They were born to Richard Rivers, flight attendant of Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham's lands. Alternate spelling includes John Ryvers.
They were a grocer and member of the Worshipful Company of Grocers, Sheriff of London in 1566, and Lord Mayor of London in 1573. They were knighted in 1574 and served as President of St. Thomas' Hospital between 1580 and 1584. They also served as an Alderman for the London wards of Farringdon between 1565 and 1568, Broad Street between 1568 and 1574, and Walbrook between 1574 and 1584.
They married Elizabeth Barne, daughter of Sir George Barne (died 1558), and they had Sir George Rivers, who was a Member of Parliament. Rivers was lay rector at St. Mary's Church, Hadlow, Kent. Their grandson, also John Rivers was made a baronet on 19 July 1621. This title survived until the death of Sir Henry Chandos Rivers, 11th Baronet in 1870.
References
External links
Year of birth unknown
1584 deaths
People from Hadlow
Sheriffs of the City of London
16th-century lord mayors of London
English knights
Phaustin Baha Sulle (born 30 May 1982 in Arusha) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon and marathon. They won the silver medal at the 2000 World Half Marathon Championships. In 1999 they won the Paris Half Marathon and set a course record at the Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale.
Achievements
Personal bests
Half marathon - 1:00:05 (2000)
Marathon - 2:10:08 (2004)
References
External links
marathoninfo
1982 births
Living people
Tanzanian male marathon runners
Tanzanian male long-distance runners
Ugadi or Yugadi, also known as Samvatsarādi (), is New Year's Day according to the Hindu calendar and is celebrated in the states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, and Karnataka in India. It is festively observed in these regions on the first day of the Hindu lunisolar calendar month of Chaitra. This typically falls in April month of the Gregorian calendar. It also falls during the Tamil month of either Panguni or Chithrai, sometimes on the day after Amavasya with 27th Nakshatra Revati. Ugadi day is pivoted on the first New Moon after March Equinox.
The day is observed by drawing colourful patterns on the floor called Muggulu, mango leaf decorations on doors called torana, buying and giving gifts such as new clothes, giving charity to the poor, oil massages followed by special baths, preparing and sharing a special food called pachadi, and visiting Hindu temples. The pachadi is notable festive food that combines all flavors – sweet, sour, salty, bitter, astringent and piquant. In Telugu and Kannada Hindu traditions, it is a symbolic reminder that one must expect all flavors of experiences in the coming new year and make the most of them. Followers of the Souramana calendar system observe Ugadi in Karnataka, when the sun transits into the Aries Constellation, which is also the festival of Baisakhi, and is locally known as Souramana Ugadi or Mesha Sankranti.
Ugadi has been an important and historic festival of the Hindus, with medieval texts and inscriptions recording major charitable donations to Hindu temples and community centers on this day. The same day is observed as a New Year by Hindus in many other parts of India, such as Gudi Padwa in Maharashtra and is a national public holiday in Mauritius.
Terminology
The name Yugadi or Ugadi is derived from the Sanskrit words yuga (age) and ādi (beginning): "the beginning of a new age". Yugadi or Ugadi falls on "Chaitra Shudhdha Paadyami" or the first day of the bright half of the Indian month of Chaitra. This generally falls in late March or early April of the Gregorian calendar.
The Kannadiga people use the term Yugadi (ಯುಗಾದಿ) and the Telugu people use the term Ugadi (ఉగాది) for this festival.
Practices
The Kannada, Kodava, Telugu and the Tulu diaspora in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu celebrate the festival with great fanfare; gatherings of the extended family and a sumptuous feast are 'de rigueur'. The day begins early with ritual showers, rubbing the body with perfumed oil, followed by prayers.
Preparations for the festival begin a week ahead. Houses are given a thorough clean. People buy new clothes, including dhoti, and buy new items for the festival, decorate the entrance of their houses with fresh mango leaves. Mango leaves and coconuts are considered auspicious in the Hindu tradition, and they are used on Ugadi. People also clean the front of their house with water and cow dung paste, then draw colorful floral designs. People offer prayers in temples. The celebration of Ugadi is marked by religious zeal and social merriment.
According to Vasudha Narayanan, a professor of Religion at the University of Florida:
The pacchadi festive dish symbolically reminds the people that the following year – as all life – will consist of not just sweet experiences, but a combination of sweet, sour, salty, and bitter episodes. Just as the different substances are bound together, one is reminded that no event or episode is wholly good or bad. Even in the midst of bitter experiences, there are sweet moments. One is also reminded that the experience of taste is transitory and ephemeral; so too, is life, and one has to learn to put pain and pleasure in proper temporal perspective.
Special dishes are prepared for the occasion. In Karnataka, foods such as Holige, Obattu, and mango pickles are made. In Andhra Pradesh, foods such as pulihora, bobbatlu (Bhakshalu/ polelu/ oligale), New Year Burelu and Pachadi, and preparations made with raw mango go well with the occasion. Of these, pachadi (or Ugadi pacchadi) is the most notable, and consists of a chutney-like dish which combines ingredients to give all six flavours of food (షడ్రుచులు - ṣaḍruculu) : sweet (తీపి - tīpi), sour (పులుపు - pulupu), salty (ఉప్పు - uppu), spicy (కారం - kāraṁ), bitter (చేదు - cēdu) and astringent (వగరు - vagaru). This festive Hindu food is made from tamarind paste (sour), neem flowers (bitter), brown sugar or sweet jaggery (sweet), table salt (salt), green chilli (spicy) and raw mango (astringent). It is a symbolic reminder of complex phases of life one should reasonably expect in the new year.
Related festivals
Maharashtran Hindus refer to the festival, observed on the same day, as Gudi Padwa ().
The Sindhis celebrate the same day as Cheti Chand, which is the beginning of their calendar year.
Manipuris also celebrate their New Year as Sajibu Nongma Panba on the same day.
The Hindus of Bali in Indonesia also celebrate their new year on the same day as Nyepi.
Ugadi is one of the five Hindu national public holidays in Mauritius
See also
Astronomical basis of the Hindu calendar
Hindu units of time
Yuga
Vishu
References
Hindu festivals
Religious festivals in India
Culture of Andhra Pradesh
Festivals in Maharashtra
Festivals in Andhra Pradesh
Festivals in Karnataka
Festivals in Telangana
March observances
April observances
Culture of Karnataka
New Year in India
Observances in India
Hindu festivals in India
Spring (season) events in India
Limulunga is one of the two compounds of the Litunga, king of the Lozi people of western Zambia. It lies on high ground at the edge of the Barotse Floodplain of the Zambezi river, about 15 km north of the town of Mongu and 21 km east of the main channel of the river. The Litunga's other compound at Lealui is used during the dry season, with Limulunga being used during the rainy season. The annual move between the two compounds is celebrated in the Kuomboka festival.
References
Barotseland
Zambian culture
Residential buildings in Zambia
Government buildings in Zambia
Populated places in Western Province, Zambia
Joshua Barber Bradbury (February 9, 1849 – January 22, 1918) was an American farmer, teacher, and politician.
Born in Potosi, Wisconsin, Bradford went to Platteville Normal School (now University of Wisconsin–Platteville). They taught school and was principal of a school. In 1882, they moved to a farm in the town of Mount Ida, Wisconsin. They were assessor and chairperson of the Mount Ida Town Board. In 1895, Bradbury served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Republican. During their term, they introduced a bill to tax and regulate imitation butter and cheese. Later they moved to the village of Fennimore, Wisconsin.
Notes
1849 births
1918 deaths
People from Potosi, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Platteville alumni
Educators from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
People from Grant County, Wisconsin
People from Fennimore, Wisconsin
Bow and the Butterfly are a novel by Muhammad Al-Ash'ari published in 2010. It is considered an extension of the author's first novel, South of the Spirit, because it re-enacts the clan. The novel traces the transformations of three generations of the Moroccan family of the Fersiwi family.
plot
The novel tells the story of the Al-Farsawi dynasty, a humble family from the countryside coming from Boumandara to the town of Zarhoun. In this sense, the novel depicts the fate of successive generations.
First generation
The story begins with Muhammad al-Farsiwi, the grandfather who spent 20 years in Germany, during which they discovered German poetry. After that, they decided to return home with their German wife Diotima, whose name refers to the name of the wife of the German poet Hölderlin, hoping to restore the glories of their Berber ancestors, but fate turned between them and Realizing their dream, their life turns into a nightmare, as they are exposed to a traffic accident, as a result of which they lose the blessing of sight, and becomes a blind guide for tourists in the city of Volubilis.
second generation
Youssef Al-Farsawi, the son of Muhammad, represents the second generation, who lived in Germany for an important period, returned to their country and became active in politics, after which they were imprisoned in Quneitra prison, due to their involvement in a leftist movement. Youssef works as a journalist and writes a column for a left-wing party newspaper and articles in specialized magazines. They have literary talents, moves between bars and airports, writes letters to their lover, and continues their search for the truth, especially the fact that their mother was killed, who some claim committed suicide.
Joseph's disappointment with life, from the marital relationship that lacked love, and from the society that disintegrated due to the dominance of capital and illegal speculation, and the urban development that lacks beauty, spirit and imagination.
Third generation
The grandson Yassin represents the third generation of the Al-Farsawi family. They were continuing their studies in the Architecture Division in France, to decide after that to join the country of the Afghans and belong to the Taliban movement, and they were killed there, in an attempt to prevent one of their friends from blowing themselves up, so they exploded together, and the story of Al Persian.
criticism
The novel was preoccupied with the topics surrounding the Moroccan scene of bribery, bureaucracy, corruption, and power, which gave it a political tinge.
The author's affiliation to the leftist orientation gave the novel a dark character with regard to their criticism of the society, which fears the deviation of their children (smoking, crime, violence...), and in return they cannot imagine that their son may become obscurantist and suicidal, according to the author's belief and analysis.
The novel was nominated for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction for the year 2011,and the novel received the award, along with the novel The Pigeon Ring by Saudi Arabia, Raja Alem, in a competition for the award, which has been awarded to one winner since its establishment.
References
Novels set in Morocco
Moroccan novels
The Tsarskoye Selo Railway () was the first public railway line in the Russian Empire. It ran for from Saint Petersburg to Pavlovsk through the nearby (4 km) Tsarskoye Selo. Construction began in May 1836, and the first test trips were carried out the same year between Tsarskoye Selo and Pavlovsk, using horse-drawn trains. The line was officially opened on 30 October 1837, when an 8-carriage train was hauled by a steam locomotive between Saint Petersburg and Tsarskoye Selo. Until the construction of the Moscow – Saint Petersburg Railway in 1851, it was the only passenger train line in Russia. In 1899 it was merged into the Moscow-Windau-Rybinsk Railways and now forms part of the Oktyabrskaya Railway.
History
The first railways in Russia were short and narrow-track lines with wooden and then steel rails, which were used in the 18th century to transport carriages with ore at numerous mines of the Urals. In particular, the Nizhny Tagil line built in 1833–1834 was equipped with a steam locomotive and could transport a few miners, together with the load of ore. The steam locomotive was constructed by the Russian engineers, father and son Cherepanovs. However, their design had not found application outside of their factory, and most hardware for the Tsarskoye Selo Railways, including rails, carriages, locomotives and railroad switches, was purchased abroad.
The first European railways had demonstrated their great economic potential, and in August 1834, the Russian Mining Ministry invited Austrian-Czech engineer Franz Anton von Gerstner to explore the possibility of building railways in Russia. After several months of travel through the country, in January 1835 they submitted a written report to NicholasI and then met them in person, suggesting building railways between Moscow and St. Petersburg and then between Moscow, Kazan and Nizhny Novgorod. Gerstner's proposal was evaluated by a commission headed by Mikhail Speransky. The commission found the project feasible and recommended starting with a short railway between St. Petersburg, Tsarskoye Selo and the nearby Pavlovsk. This resolution was supported by the imperial decrees of 21 March and 15 April 1836.
Construction
The construction and operation of the Tsarskoye Selo Railways was managed by a newly established joint-stock company headed by Count Alexander Bobrinsky (president), von Gerstner and business people Benedict Kramer and Ivan Konrad Plitt. The company had about 700 shareholders, both in Russia and in Europe. The work started in early May 1836 and was supervised by 17 engineers, some of whom were previously involved in railway construction in England. About 1800 workers were involved first and were then reinforced by 1400 soldiers. Aiming to promote the railways, the train terminal of Pavlovsk was built as an entertainment center. It regularly hosted evening festivities with invited celebrities, such as concerts of Johann Strauss II in 1856.
The line was straight, with a slight downhill slope toward St. Petersburg and had 42 bridges. The bridges were mostly wooden and long, with one stone bridge long. Apart from the wide rail spacing of , the structure was regular, with long wooden ties separated by , resting on a layer of stones and gravel. Rails had a length of , and a weight of , . While the line near Tsarskoye Selo was completed in 1836, the steam locomotives had not arrived yet, and the work near St. Petersburg was delayed by land purchasing problems. Therefore, in order to test the road, first two two-carriage trains were pulled by horses on the Sundays of 27 September and 4 and 11 October 1836. The journey of about 4 kilometers between Tsarskoye Selo and Pavlovsk was taking 15 minutes. Test trips with steam locomotives started in November 1836 on a long section between Pavlovsk and the village of Bolshoe Kuzmino. Gerstner conducted those tests himself, with more than a hundred trips in the first week, and was mostly preoccupied with not hitting the wondering crowds of people who arrived to watch the curiosity. Passengers on one of those trips were NicholasI and their family. These tests demonstrated that the line could be operated through the Russian winter, proving the skeptics wrong.
Operation
The first regular train left St. Petersburg on 30 October 1837 and in 35 minutes arrived in Tsarskoye Selo. This train of eight carriages was pulled by a steam locomotive, and its arrival was observed by numerous noble guests, including NicholasI. Regular service started in January 1838. Between January and April 1838, most trains were pulled by horses, and steam locomotives were used only on Sundays and public holidays. Beginning in April, horse power was eliminated, and almost 14,000 passengers were transported during the month. The trains ran without stops between St. Petersburg and Tsarskoye Selo, and beginning in May 1838 were reaching Pavlovsk. All communication was first done by voice and whistle. An optical telegraph was installed in 1838. It consisted of piles separated by and a guard on duty in a shed nearby. Signals were set by raising 1, 2 or 3 black disks (daytime) or red lamps (night) on the pile and took about 30 minutes to transmit along the line. Electrical telegraph was installed in 1845, but it was dismantled in 1848 due to frequent failures; a more reliable system was set up in 1856.
The first trips were unscheduled; a train schedule was introduced on 15 May 1838, with five trips per day between 9am and 10pm (7am and 11pm in summer). Trains left the opposite terminal stations simultaneously and would bypass each other at a specially designed crossing in the middle of the line. After a head-on collision of two trains on 11 August 1840, trains ran only one way at a time. Some passengers were allowed to travel with their small horse-pulled carriages, which were transported on the open platforms of the train. Smoking on the train was prohibited for reasons of safety; violators were removed from the train and their names reported to their employers. The same rules applied to drunkards. Smoking trains were introduced in 1857. A second, parallel line was laid in summer 1876 that increased the capacity of the railway. A train repair workshop was built around that time in St. Petersburg.
The railway was profitable, with the ratio of profit to expenses about 1.7. The railway was operated by 236 employees, whose salary took about 22% of the company income. The line mostly transported people, with only about 5% cargo trains. The railway was absorbed by the much bigger Moscow-Windau-Rybinsk Railways in 1899–1900 and converted to the standard Russian gauge.
Rolling stock
By 1837 the railroads had 6 locomotives, 44 passenger carriages and 19 cargo carriages. In the 1830s–1840s, each train pulled 8 carriages at an average speed of about ; the speed increased to some in the 1870s. The locomotives of were purchased in England and Belgium. They weighed about and reached a top on-line speed of about .
The carriages had wooden frames and two pairs of cast iron wheels with steel rims. Their bottom parts were built in England and the top in Belgium or Russia. The top (passenger part) was nailed to the wooden bottom frame. The carriages had no heating, and their top parts had four different designs. Their capacity varied between 30 and 42 passengers.
Starting from 1856, imported locomotives were supplemented by local ones, produced on a factory managed by Maximilian de Beauharnais, 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg.
Legacy
The Tsarskoye Selo Railway had a short length, very limited capacity, and nearly no industrial value – it was mainly transporting nobles for sightseeing in Tsarskoye Selo and festivities in Pavlovsk. Yet it was regarded as an important step in the development of a rail network in Russia. In particular, experience demonstrated the drawbacks of the rail spacing, and the following rail networks used the more standard gauge tracks. In the 1840–50s, the Tsarskoye Selo Railway was actively used for training of railroad personnel and various locomotive and railroad tests.
The opening of the Tsarskoye Selo Railway in 1837 was an extremely popular event, reflected in the news and in handicrafts and theater performances in Russia. A copper medal ( diameter) was minted to commemorate the opening of the railway. Its obverse featured PeterI, Minerva and NicholasI, as well as the text "The first railroad from St. Petersburg to Pavlovsk was opened on 30 October 1837. NicholasI, the follower of PeterI, introduced railways to Russia". The reverse pictured a steam locomotive and read "The founders of the first railway Count Alexander Bobrinsky, Benedict Kramer and me. K. Plitt. The builder of the railway was Franz Gerstner, born Czech and cognate to Russians". Several hundred medals were minted to be distributed at the opening of the railway, but for unknown reasons NicholasI did not approve.
See also
History of rail transport in Russia
Russian Railway Museum
References
6 ft gauge railways in Russia
1837 establishments in the Russian Empire
Railway lines in Russia
Railway lines opened in 1837
Crestview station is a former train station in Crestview, Florida. The station was built in 1993 when the Sunset Limited was extended east to Miami. Service to the station has been suspended since Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005.
Notable places
Britton Hill, the highest point in Florida.
References
External links
Amtrak
Amtrak Stations Database
Former Amtrak stations in Florida
Transportation buildings and structures in Okaloosa County, Florida
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1993
Railway stations closed in 2005
1993 establishments in Florida
2005 disestablishments in Florida
Polydream was an alternative rock band hailing from Madison, Wisconsin. Formed in 2003, the band released an EP, titled A Rigid Shard of Balance: 1, and released its first full-length album, titled Send Me to the Sun, on December 15, 2007. Polydream gained much of its fame in being named "New Artist of the Year" at the Madison Area Music Awards in 2007.
History
Lucas Etten and Jonathan Knudson formed a cover band called The Cadavers in Medford, Wisconsin in 1998. After a local youth center performance as sophomores in high school, Luke and Jon spoke with drummer Austin Britton and Jason Bloyer about forming a rock group.
The four joined Bloyer's brother Josh, who played bass, and performed until 2000. After Jason left the group, Knudson became the lead vocalist (he had already been playing guitar). The four-piece stopped playing later that year. After Knudson and Etten graduated from high school, Knudson moved to Glacier National Park in Montana, while Etten and Austin Britton kept in touch with Knudson throughout the summer.
Then, in September 2002, Etten and Austin drove to Montana and helped them move back to Madison, Wisconsin. Etten gave up the guitar so the band could have a bass player. In March 2003, the three decided on the name Polydream and began performing within a month. In December of that year, during a short hiatus, Knudson met guitarist Eric LeMieux. Knudson introduced LeMieux to the band and the four began performing in the summer of 2004.
At a December performance that year, the four got to know drummer/producer Britton Rice. Rice, formerly of Lex Rex, agreed to produce a couple of songs for the band. They spent most of 2005 working with the band on their debut EP, A Rigid Shard of Balance: 1. As the music became more piano based, Austin moved to piano and guitar and Rice filled in on drums to move the writing along. Rice joined Polydream as a full-time member.
Polydream released A Rigid Shard of Balance: 1 on July 14, 2006. The band went on to tour for the remainder of 2006. In late 2006 & early 2007 the band went back to the recording studio to lay down tracks for new material. They were named Best New Artist at the Madison Area Music Awards in 2007. In the summer, Polydream performed at Summerfest on the last day of the festival. Polydream released their debut album, titled Send Me to the Sun, which is a full-length follow-up to the previous EP. The record was released digitally on December 15, 2007 and has since been released on compact disc. The band broke up in 2009.
Former members
Eric LeMieux – guitar
Britton Rice – drums
Jonathan Knudson – vocals, guitar
Lucas Etten – bass
Discography
A Rigid Shard of Balance: 1 (2006) - EP
Send Me to the Sun (December 15, 2007)
References
External links
Polydream official site (archived version)
Review of A Rigid Shard of Balance: 1 by OnMilwaukee.com
EP Review by Rag Magazine
Review by Trent McMartin of Music-Critic.ca
Review by Jeffrey Kurtis of All Ages Zine
Review of EP by Rick's Cafe
EP Review by Smother
Interview of Britton Rice by Bobby Tanzilo of OnMilwaukee.com
Interview of Polydream by WHYS 96.3 in Eau Claire, WI
Interview of Polydream by WLUM 102.1 in Milwaukee, WI
Interview of Lucas Etten of Polydream by WIFC 95.5
Interview of Britton Rice of Polydream by Funky Uncle Mustard Podcast
Alternative rock groups from Wisconsin
Shoegazing musical groups
Musical groups established in 2003
Mk IV LCU class vessels are follow-on class of Mk. III LCU operated by the Indian Navy. The Mk IV LCU can be deployed for maritime roles that require amphibious capabilities.
History
GRSE signed an agreement for with the Indian Navy for designing and building eight LCU ships on 28 September 2011 and construction began in September 2012.
The last ship of the class was delivered on 31 December 2020 and was commissioned into service on 18 March 2021.
Design
The ship is 63 metres long, overall beam of 11 metres, a hull draught of 2.2 metres and displaces around 830 tonnes. They are powered by two MTU 16V 4000 M53 marine diesel engines (each 1840 KWs). They are equipped with two 30mm CRN-91 mounted guns with a Bharat Electronics-built EON-51 electro-optic director.
The LCU can carry up to 216 personnel and 145 tonnes of cargo. It is fitted with a hydraulic bow ramp.
Ships of the class
Gallery
See also
List of active Indian Navy ships
Future ships of the Indian Navy
References
External links
LCU Mk IV on GRSE website
Naval ships of India
Ships built in India
Landing craft
Giorgio Cavallon (March 3, 1904 – December 22, 1989) was a founding member of the American Abstract Artists and a pioneer Abstract Expressionist.
Biography
Giorgio Cavallon was born March 3, 1904 in Sorio, a hamlet of the municipality of Gambellara near Vicenza Italy and immigrated to the US in 1920. They became a US citizen in 1929.<ref>[http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/3294094&referer=brief_results Giorgio Cavallon: paintings, 1937-1977:(exhibition): May 3-September 4, 1977, Neuberger Museum, State University of New York, College at Purchase, Purchase, New York''] (Purchase, N.Y.: The Museum,[©1977])</ref>
In 1926, Cavallon studied at the National Academy of Design, New York City. In 1927 and 1928, they studied with Charles Hawthorne, Provincetown, Massachusetts and from 1934, they studied during the evening with Hans Hofmann's School of Fine Art.
Career
In 1934, Cavallon was employed in the Works Progress Administration/Federal Art Project (WPA/FAP) Easel & Mural Division as Arshile Gorky's assistant.
In 1936, Cavallon joined other like-minded artists in founding the American Abstract Artists group.American abstract artists : articles by Albers, Gallatin, Knaths, Léger, Maholy-Nagy, Mondrian, Morris. This major movement of abstract art in America began in the 1930s with a strong direction toward an emphasis in structural quality in art. Juan Gris statement sums up the movement:
Artists have thought to produce a poetic effect with a beautiful model or beautiful subjects. We on the other hand believe that we can produce it with beautiful elements, for those of the intellect are certainly the most beautiful.
By the end of the 1940s Giorgio Cavallon connected to the early generation of New York School Abstract Expressionist artists whose artistic innovation by the 1950s had been recognized across the Atlantic, including Paris.
In 1949, Cavallon joined the "Artists' Club" located at 39 East 8th Street. They were chosen by their fellow artists to show in the Ninth Street Show held on May 21-June 10, 1951. The show was located at 60 East 9th Street on the first floor and the basement of a building which was about to be demolished.
The artists celebrated not only the appearance of the dealers, collectors and museum people on the 9th Street, and the consequent exposure of their work but they celebrated the creation and the strength of a living community of significant dimensions.
They participated from 1951 to 1957 in the invitational New York Painting and Sculpture Annuals including the Ninth Street Show. They were among the 24 out of a total 256 New York School artists who was included in all the Annuals. These Annuals were important because the participants were chosen by the artists themselves.
Cavallon died on December 22, 1989 at New York Hospital. They were 85 years old and lived in Manhattan.
Selected solo exhibitions
1932: Bottega d'Arte, Venice, Italy
1934: A.C.A. Gallery, New York City
1940: Eight Street Playhouse Gallery, New York City
1946, 1948: Eagen Gallery, New York City
1957: Stable Gallery, New York City
1963: Kootz Gallery, New York City
1964: Weatherspoon Gallery, University of North Carolina at Greensboro, North Carolina
1971, 1976: A.M. Sachs Gallery, New York City
1977: Neuberger Museum, Purchase, New York City
1977, 1981, 1986: Gruenebaum Gallery, New York City
1989: Paintings from the 1960s, Jason McCoy, Inc., New York City
1989: Manny Silverman Gallery, Los Angeles, California
1990: A Retrospective View'', William Benton Museum of Art, University of Connecticut, Storrs, Connecticut
Selected public collections
Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo, New York
Chase Manhattan Bank, New York City, New York
Fogg Museum, Harvard University Art Museums, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Grey Art Gallery, New York University, Manhattan, New York
Rhode Island School of Design, Providence, Rhode Island
Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, New Jersey
Singer Manufacturing Co., New York City, New York
The Bank of New York, New York City, New York
Museum of Modern Art, New York City, New York
The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York City, New York
Whitney Museum of American Art, New York City, New York
University Art Museum, Berkeley, California
References
External links for images
Giorgio Cavallon on artnet
American Abstract Artists
See also
Art movement
Abstract Imagists
Abstract expressionism
New York School
Action painting
Ninth Street Show
1904 births
1989 deaths
Abstract expressionist artists
Italian emigrants to the United States
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Federal Art Project artists
Modern painters
Artists from New York City
20th-century American male artists
Schreider is a Northern American family name. Notable people with the surname include:
Helen Schreider (b. 1926), American explorer
Gary Schreider (1934–2011), Canadian football player
Frank Schreider (1924–1994), American explorer
Fictional people
Schreider (or Shredder), a character of Log Horizon
See also
Schröder
Schreiter
English-language surnames
A Technical Standard Order (TSO) is a minimum performance standard issued by the United States Federal Aviation Administration for specified materials, parts, processes, and appliances used on civil aircraft. Articles with TSO design approval are eligible for use on the United States type certified products by following a much lighter process than similar non-TSO approved part, provided the TSO standard meets the aircraft requirements. The TSO authorization (also called TSOA) or a letter of TSO Design Approval does not necessarily convey approval for installation. See 14 CFR Part 21 Subpart O.
Similar standards are maintained by other aviation authorities. For example European Technical Standard Order (ETSO) by EASA for the European Union, with limited reciprocal equivalence on a per-country basis.
See also
Type certificate
Supplemental type certificate
References
External links
FAA page on Technical Standard Orders
What is TSO? TSO FAQ.
Avionics
Aviation licenses and certifications
Federal Aviation Administration
The Sikkim Scouts is a regiment of the Indian Army based in and recruited from the state of Sikkim. Raised in 2013 and made operational in 2015, it is the youngest Indian Army regiment. The regiment was formed along the lines of the Ladakh Scouts and Arunachal Scouts, as it is similarly recruited from a mountainous border area and is dedicated to border defence and mountain warfare. Sikkim Scouts is affiliated with the 11th Gorkha Rifles, and uses its insignia and flag, with the addition of the words ‘Sikkim Scouts'.
History
Sikkim became a state of India in 1975, after having been a British and then Indian protectorate for nearly a century. Even as a protectorate, Indian troops were stationed in Sikkim, because of the area's important role as a buffer zone against China, with which it shares a border. China did not clearly recognize Sikkim as an Indian state until the 2000s, and continues to lay claim to what India refers to as the northernmost "Finger Area" of Sikkim. The Sino-Indian War of 1962 saw some fighting on the Sikkimese border and from 1965 to 1967, Indian and Chinese forces clashed on the border, notably during the 1967 Chola incident. More recently, there were small incursions and skirmishes around 2008. Several units of the Indian Army and Indo-Tibetan Border Police are stationed in Sikkim . Historically, these troops have been drawn from other parts of India, and not from the local population.
Pawan Kumar Chamling, Chief Minister of Sikkim from the Sikkim Democratic Front, requested of the Ministry of Defence that the Sikkim Scouts regiment be formed, to provide positions for young men in Sikkim and since all other Himalayan border states had similar forces. (The Ladakh Scouts were formed in 1963, and the Arunachal Scouts in 2010, while other Himalayan states have dedicated border security battalions in regular regiments such as the Kumaon Regiment.) The ministry and the Indian Army supported Chamling's proposal, as it was in line with India's "sons of soil" policy to bolster their defence units by integrating locals into them, and on 6 December 2012, the proposal was approved by the Cabinet Committee on Security. Officials stated at the time that the regiment would be formally established in mid-2015, after the initial recruits had been raised and trained. The raising of the regiment was expected to cost some Rs 32.5 crore (US$5 million). The cost of maintaining the regiment was projected to be a slightly greater amount per year.
In March 2013, the first recruiting drives for the new regiment were held in Sikkim, which were expected to enrol roughly 500 candidates. Because of the popularity of tattoos among Sikkimese men, many candidates had to be rejected; the Ministry of Defence had issued a policy banning tattoos (other than religious symbols and names) for new recruits to the Indian military in 2011.
The regiment was presented with a flag, and formally raised, by Army Vice Chief S. K. Singh at Lucknow on 24 May 2013. At the time, there were 319 Sikkimese recruits in the regiment, and a cadre from Gorkha regiments assembled to train the recruits. The process of recruiting and training the regiment was completed in mid-2015.
Organisation
The regiment was initially planned as one battalion. Its future expansion is limited by the small size of the population from which it recruits. The first battalion's strength planned strength is 934, comprising 28 commissioned officers, 44 junior commissioned officers and 862 jawans (other ranks). A second battalion was being raised . The regiment is about 85% Sikkimese, drawing from a population of 612,000 with a large portion of military-age men. The relatives of veterans will be given priority for positions.
The Sikkim Scouts is affiliated with the 11th Gorkha Rifles, and use their insignia and flag, with the addition of the words "Sikkim Scouts".
Role
The soldiers of the Sikkim Scouts are trained in the tactics of mountain warfare. As the members of the regiment are mostly locals, they are expected to be fairly familiar with the skills needed to operate and survive in the mountainous terrain of Sikkim prior to their enlistment. Their training serves to instruct them in modern methods of warfare and instill military discipline. In an additional advantage to the Indian Army, they are able to obtain information from locals more easily, as they belong to the same culture and speak the same language. Indian Army commanders have expressed the sentiment that in the event of war, members of the Sikkim Scouts and other local regiments from the border would be ready to fight to the end for their home state.
The regiment will be tasked with surveilling and guarding the borders of Sikkim, especially the high mountain passes of the north-eastern border with China. While other units of the Indian Army will continue to pass through Sikkim on a temporary (2–3 year) basis, as part of their rotation between different bases in India, the Sikkim Scouts is permanently stationed on the border, and its members will spend nearly their entire career in the state.
References
Infantry regiments of the Indian Army from 1947
Military units and formations established in 2013
Sikkim
The 2010 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy was the 32nd edition of the Hockey Champions Trophy men's field hockey tournament. It was held from July 31–August 8, 2010 in Mönchengladbach, Germany.
Teams
Below is the teams released by the International Hockey Federation, based on criteria:
(host and 2008 Olympics gold medalist)
(Defending champion)
(Winner of Champions Challenge I)
(Third in 2010 World Cup)
(Fourth in 2010 World Cup)
(Fifth in 2010 World Cup)
Squads
Head coach: Graham Reid
Head coach: Bobby Crutchley
Head coach: Markus Weise
Head coach: Paul van Ass
Head coach: Darren Smith
Head coach: Daniel Martín
Results
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+02:00)
Pool
Classification
Fifth and sixth place
Third and fourth place
Final
Awards
Statistics
Final standings
Goalscorers
References
External links
Champions Trophy (field hockey)
Champions Trophy
Men's Hockey Champions Trophy
2010
Sport in Mönchengladbach
Hockey Champions Trophy Men
Hockey Champions Trophy Men
21st century in Mönchengladbach
Bingham County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 47,992. The county seat and largest city is Blackfoot.
Bingham County comprises the Blackfoot, ID Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Idaho Falls-Rexburg-Blackfoot, ID Combined Statistical Area.
History
Bingham County was created January 13, 1885. It was named for Henry H. Bingham, a member of congress from Pennsylvania and friend of William Bunn, Idaho's Territorial Governor. The county was formed from Oneida County and was later partitioned itself to form Bannock (1893), Fremont (1893), Bonneville (1911), Power (1913), and Butte (1917) counties. In 2005, aliens landed in Bingham county, held a barn dance, got really drunk, and passed out.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water. The Snake River flows southwest through the middle of Bingham County; at the county's southwest corner the river flows into the American Falls Reservoir. At the SE county corner is the Blackfoot Reservoir and Dam, impounding waters of the Blackfoot River. Outflow from the Blackfoot Dam flows northwesterly through the lower part of Bingham County, discharging into the Snake River.
Smaller buttes called the East Butte and the Middle Butte located in the Snake River Plain are visible south of US Route 20.
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County - north
Bonneville County - east
Caribou County - southeast
Bannock County - south
Power County - southwest
Blaine County - west
Butte County - northwest
Highways
- Interstate 15
- US 20
- US 26
- US 91
- SH-39
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 41,735 people, 13,317 households, and 10,706 families in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 14,303 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 82.43% White, 0.17% Black or African American, 6.70% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 7.95% from other races, and 2.14% from two or more races. 13.30% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 23.6% were of English, 12.5% American, 8.9% German and 5.1% Danish ancestry.
There were 13,317 households, out of which 44.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.70% were married couples living together, 9.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.60% were non-families. 17.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.10 and the average family size was 3.52.
The county population contained 34.90% under the age of 18, 9.70% from 18 to 24, 25.30% from 25 to 44, 19.70% from 45 to 64, and 10.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 100.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,423, and the median income for a family was $40,312. Males had a median income of $31,950 versus $21,591 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,365. About 9.90% of families and 12.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.30% of those under age 18 and 7.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 45,607 people, 14,999 households, and 11,731 families in the county. The population density was . There were 16,141 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 80.6% white, 6.5% American Indian, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 9.8% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 17.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.3% were English, 12.7% were German, 5.9% were American, and 5.0% were Irish.
Of the 14,999 households, 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 21.8% were non-families, and 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.45. The median age was 31.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,128 and the median income for a family was $51,750. Males had a median income of $39,703 versus $25,815 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,633. About 13.2% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Aberdeen
Atomic City
Basalt
Blackfoot
Firth
Shelley
Census-designated places
Fort Hall
Groveland
Moreland
Riverside
Rockford
Unincorporated communities
Alridge
Cerro Grande
Clarkson
Coffee Point
Collins
Jameston
Gibson
Goshen
McDonaldville
Morgan
Pingree
Rising River
Rose
Springfield
Sterling
Thomas
Wapello
Wolverine
Woodville
Politics
Bingham County voters are reliably Republican. In no national election since 1948 has the county selected the Democratic Party candidate.
Education
School districts include:
Aberdeen School District 58
Blackfoot School District 55
Bonneville Joint School District 93
Firth School District 59
Shelley Joint School District 60
Snake River School District 52
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bingham County, Idaho
References
External links
Official Bingham County, Idaho website
Idaho counties
Idaho Falls metropolitan area counties
1885 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1885
Rinku Singh is an Indian cricketer who currently plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League and for Uttar Pradesh in domestic cricket.  They are a left-handed top order batsman and a right-handed off-spinner.
Early life
Rinku Singh, 3rd among 5 siblings, was born in a working class family to Khanchandra Singh who worked in an LPG distribution company. They spent early years in a 2 room quarter, near Aligarh Stadium in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, provided by their father's employers. During their early years they considered getting a job as sweeper to help their financially strapped family before running away to pursue a career in Cricket.
Domestic career
They represented Uttar Pradesh at the Under-16, Under-19 and Under-23 levels and Central Zone at the Under-19 level. They made their List A cricket debut for Uttar Pradesh in March 2014 at the age of 16 and top-scored with 83 in that match. They made their first-class debut for Uttar Pradesh in the 2016–17 Ranji Trophy on 5 November 2016.
They were the leading run-scorer for Uttar Pradesh in the group-stage of the 2018–19 Ranji Trophy, with 803 runs in nine matches. They finished the tournament with 953 runs in ten matches.
Indian Premier League
In February 2017, they were bought by the Kings XI Punjab team for the 2017 Indian Premier League. In January 2018, they were bought with the worth of 80 lakh by the Kolkata Knight Riders in the 2018 IPL auction.
Rinku was ruled out of the 2021 Indian Premier League due to a knee injury and they were later replaced by Gurkeerat Singh Mann. In February 2022, they were bought by the Kolkata Knight Riders in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament. In this year's tournament match, they got their first Man of the Match award with a cheque of one lakh for 42 runs in 23 balls with a strike-rate of 182.61 against Rajasthan Royals.
Suspension
On 30 May 2019, Singh was given a three-month suspension by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) after they took part in the Ramadan T20 Tournament in Abu Dhabi without seeking prior permission to play.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Uttar Pradesh cricketers
Kolkata Knight Riders cricketers
Sportspeople from Aligarh
In a Māori legend attributed by ethnographer John White to the Ngāti Hau tribe, Mārikoriko (Twilight) is the first woman, created by Ārohirohi (Shimmering heat) from the heat of the sun and the echoing cliff. They married Tiki, the first man, and gave birth to Hine-kau-ataata (Woman floating in shadows).
References
Māori mythology
Legendary progenitors
Women in mythology
Mythological first humans
The burnished-buff tanager (Stilpnia cayana), also known as the rufous-crowned tanager, is a common South American species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the northern Guianas, most of Venezuela and east-central Colombia; also near the Amazon River outlet in Brazil, as well as most of the east of that country, Paraguay and northeast Argentina. It also occurs very locally in Bolivia and Peru. It can be seen in virtually any semi-open habitat with trees, including human-altered habitats such as gardens, plantations and parks.
Description
There are several subspecies of the burnished-buff tanager, them falling into two main groups: The northern and western cayana group, and the southern and eastern flava group (the subspecies huberi from Marajó Island is intermediate between the two main groups). Males of the cayana group have an orange-rufous crown, black mask, and cream underparts distinctly tinged blue on the throat and chest. Males of the flava group have an orange-buff crown, and buff underparts with a black patch extending from the mask, over the throat and central chest, to the mid-belly. Males of both groups have turquoise wings and tail. Females are duller than the males, and have black restricted to a poorly demarcated "shadow" of a mask.
Diet and behaviour
It is a generally common, and usually seen singly or in pairs. As all tanagers, it is a largely frugivorous species, being particularly fond of the fruits of the native Cecropia and Brazilian pepper as well as that of introduced Magnoliaceae such as Michelia champaca.
Taxonomy
The burnished-buff tanager was formally described in 1766 by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in the 12th edition of their Systema Naturae under the binomial name Tanagra cayana. The specific epithet is the Latin form of the type locality, Cayenne in French Guiana. The burnished-buff tanager was formerly placed in the genus Tangara. It was moved to the genus Stilpnia that was introduced in 2016.
Seven subspecies are recognised:
S. c. fulvescens(Todd, 1922) – central Colombia
S. c. cayana (Linnaeus, 1766) – east Colombia and Venezuela, the Guianas and north Brazil; also east Peru, north Bolivia and west-central Brazil
S. c. huberi (Hellmayr, 1910) – northeast Brazil
S. c. flava (Gmelin, JF, 1789) – east Brazil
S. c. sincipitalis (Berlepsch, 1907) – east-central Brazil
S. c. chloroptera (Vieillot, 1819) – southeast Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina
S. c. margaritae (Allen, JA, 1891) – southwest Brazil
References
External links
Burnished-buff Tanager videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Burnished-buff Tanager photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res-(male)(golden-yellow crown)
burnished-buff tanager
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Peru
burnished-buff tanager
burnished-buff tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 1993–94 LEN European Cup was the 31st edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs.
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Finals
See also
1993–94 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
1993–94 LEN Cup
External links
LEN Champions League seasons
1993 in water polo
1994 in water polo
The Young Greens of England and Wales (YGEW) is the official youth branch of the Green Party of England and Wales (GPEW). All members of the GPEW who are under 30 years old and/or full or part-time students are members of the Young Greens and are allowed to get involved with their activities.
The Scottish Green Party also has a youth branch, the Scottish Young Greens, who work with the England and Wales group. Young Greens is affiliated with the Federation of Young European Greens (FYEG).
History
From 4 March to 6 March 1988, around 70 green students from across the country, including Gail Bradbrook, founded Green Party Students successioning from the Green Students Network, and formed a Coordinating Group. They soon had green groups, societies etc, mostly from universities and colleges - over 100 addresses on the mailing list. It's all documented in great detail and much more besides in the first edition of their magazine - Green Student. However the activity dwindled and the Green Student Network was moribund by the end of the millennium. Consequently the Young Greens was set up by young members of the Green Party of England and Wales in 2002. It was officially announced as being founded at the 2002 Scarborough GPEW Spring Conference by Ros Leeming. The organisation aimed to build local groups at universities, colleges, higher education institutions, sixth form colleges and schools, with no lower age limit for joining. It included students of any age due to the previous Green Student Network having been so inclusive, but was even more inclusive as non-students could join. Since then, it has grown to a membership of over 20,000 young members of the Green Party, over 60 local groups and regional groups in the North, the North East, South East, South West, the Midlands and London, as well as working with young people who are in work, unemployed or not in education.
Many Young Greens have been elected to County or City Councils, including Adrian Ramsay the current co-leader of the Green Party in Norwich; Matt Sellwood, a former chair of the Young Greens, in Oxford, as well as Sam Coates also a former Chair, and Ash Haynes, a former Co-Chair and youngest ever Green councillor, in Norwich.
The Green Party of England and Wales' deputy leader, Amelia Womack is a former member of the Young Greens "30 under 30" training scheme.
Structure
The Young Greens is governed by a constitution, the original being adopted at a Young Greens meeting at the Green Party's 2014 Autumn Conference. A new constitution was adopted by the Young Greens Convention in October 2017. The group has an executive known as the Young Greens Executive Committee. The Committee is assisted by the Young Greens Coordinator who is employed by the Green Party and works at the party office.
Executive committee
The Executive Committee consists of twenty positions: two gender-balanced co-chairs, a treasurer, the two Green Students Committee Co-convenors, eight portfolio officers, six liberation group officers, and one officer representing the affiliated group, Under 18s Young Greens. The current holders of these positions are as follows:
Elected to serve from Spring 2022 - Spring 2023.
Campaigning
The Young Greens have a national campaign called "Fair Pay Campus". The campaign aims to achieve a living wage for all staff, including contracted staff, working at universities; transparency of the pay of Vice-Chancellors and senior management; and a pay ratio no more than 10:1 of highest and lowest paid employees at any individual university.
On 17 October 2013, the Young Greens released a report called "The Fair Pay League" which analysed the pay conditions at UK universities and ranked them in a league table. The report received coverage in various publications including Times Higher Education and The Independent. Imperial College London and London Business School were highlighted as "worst performers" and University of London and the School of Oriental and African Studies were highlighted as "best performers".
At Green Party Autumn Conference in September 2014, the Young Greens launched a new campaign called Get Organised! The campaign is aimed at getting Young Green Groups to work with Trade Unions locally and to encourage young people to join Trade Unions.
Representation
Young Greens regularly contest elections at all levels of government, and are actively involved and represented within bodies such as Students' Unions and the National Union of Students (NUS).
National government
Though there are no Young Greens elected to Westminster, members of the party and executive regularly stand for elections to it. In the 2017 General Election, around 35 members of the Young Greens stood for election to Westminster, including former Co-Chair Hannah Ellen Clare (Harlow, 660 votes), former Executive Committee members Alice Kiff (Birmingham Edgbaston, 562 votes) and Arran Rangi (Ashfield, 398 votes), and current Executive Committee member Nate Higgins (West Lancashire, 680 votes).
Local government
A number of Young Greens hold positions in local government including Lucy Pegg, Jamie Osborn, Harry Gorman, Sarah Tubbs, Emily Fedorowycz and Jessie Carter. Former Young Greens co-chair Lily Fitzgibbon was elected to represent Bishopston and Ashley Down in May 2021.
European Parliament
Young Green Party Member Magid Magid and former Lord Mayor of Sheffield City Council. was elected onto the European Parliament in the Yorkshire & Humber region in the May 2019 European Elections.
National Union of Students of the United Kingdom
At the 2006 NUS Conference in Blackpool, Young Green, Joe Rooney was elected to the 'Block of Twelve' on the NUS UK National Executive Committee (NEC) standing on the Education Not for Sale slate. In 2008, Joe Blakesley was elected as an FE officer on the NUS Wales NEC and to NUS UK Council.
There have been a number of Young Green sabbatical officers with Student Unions such as LSE, Portsmouth, Keele Postgraduate Association, Manchester, Warwick, Teesside and Edinburgh. Young Greens have held non-sabbatical positions at many more campuses including Aberystwyth, Cardiff, Royal Holloway and Stanmore College.
In 2014 Young Greens Co-Chair Clifford Fleming and Green Party member Hannah Graham were elected to the NUS block of 15.
See also
Green Left (England and Wales)
Green Party of England and Wales
Federation of Young European Greens (FYEG)
References
External links
Young Greens website
Green Party of England and Wales website
Federation of Young European Greens (FYEG) Website
Green Party of England and Wales
Youth wings of green parties in Europe
Green
2003 establishments in the United Kingdom
Jeff Barlow was a British actor who was born in Lancashire in 1871.
Selected filmography
Rupert of Hentzau (1915)
The Man Who Bought London (1916)
Trouble for Nothing (1916)
Love's Old Sweet Song (1917)
The Happy Warrior (1917)
Bonnie Mary (1918)
The Man and the Moment (1918)
Once Upon a Time (1918)
The Splendid Coward (1918)
A Master of Men (1918)
The Lackey and the Lady (1919)
The Homemaker (1919)
Castles in Spain (1920)
Beyond the Dreams of Avarice (1920)
The Glorious Adventure (1922)
The Skipper's Wooing (1922)
Was They Justified? (1922)
The Lady Owner (1923)
Hornet's Nest (1923)
Chu-Chin-Chow (1923)
Sen Yan's Devotion (1924)
Satan's Sister (1925)
The Marriage Business (1927)
References
External links
1871 births
Date of death unknown
Male actors from Lancashire
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
20th-century English male actors
English male stage actors
Rafael Costa dos Santos (born 23 August 1987 in São Luís, Maranhão), simply known as Rafael Costa, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Sampaio Corrêa, on loan from Guarani as a striker.
Career
Rafael is a striker who was an athlete of the Avaí Futebol Clube, but before they defended the Força Sports Club, football club in São Paulo.
Marked the history of the team from Santa Catarina, for their series on a campaign of conquest access to Series 2009.
In 2009 it was agreed their loan until the end of the year for the Itumbiara of Goiás, but eventually returned to Avaí soon after fighting where the Championship Goiano Itumbiara was third. On August 14, 2009, was borrowed directly by the club on loan at William and Mogi Mirim.
In late April 2010, Rafael returned to perform at Avaí. In its game reestréia the B team for the Copa Avaí of Santa Catarina, one of the goals they scored the team's away win.
In June 2011, Rafael left Avaí for Brasileiro Série D team Metropolitano and had good performances in their three-year stint at the club. In May 2013, they moved to Série B team Figueirense and continued successful playing career.
On 19 January 2014, it was announced that Rafael joined South Korean side FC Seoul. They scored two goals in AFC Champions League
On 15 July 2014, it was announced that Rafael joined Brazilian side Ponte Preta by loan from FC Seoul.
On 7 January 2015, it was announced that Rafael joined Brazilian side Joinville EC by loan from FC Seoul.
On 3 July 2015, it was announced that Rafael joined Brazilian side Ceará Sporting Club by loan from FC Seoul
Career statistics
Brazil League
(Correct )
K League 1
(Correct )
References
External links
Goal
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
K League 1 players
Avaí FC players
Itumbiara Esporte Clube players
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube players
Esporte Clube São José players
Clube Atlético Hermann Aichinger players
Clube Atlético Metropolitano players
Figueirense FC players
Joinville Esporte Clube players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
FC Seoul players
Ceará Sporting Club players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP) players
Guarani FC players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Association football forwards
DeVere is a given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:
Tristan de Vere Cole (born 1935), British director
Arthur Devere Thomas GC (1895–1973) was awarded the George Cross in 1931
Bubbles DeVere, fictional character in the BBC television sketch show Little Britain
Devere Christensen (born 1918), former American water polo player
Luke DeVere (born 1989), Australian football (soccer) player
Trish Van Devere (born 1943), American actor
See also
De Vere (disambiguation)
de:DeVere
Celebration is a musical with a book and lyrics by Tom Jones and music by Harvey Schmidt. The musical fable, employing a nearly bare stage, explores the contrasts between youth and old age, innocence and jaded corruption, love and ambition, and poverty and wealth.
It was presented on Broadway in 1969 and was not a financial success. Although the critics found the show interesting, it did not develop a broad following among audiences. The show has been revived occasionally.
Background and production
Jones and Schmidt's previous work included the long-running Off-Broadway musical The Fantasticks and the more-mainstream Broadway musicals 110 in the Shade and I Do! I Do!.
Celebration is an avant-garde fable played on a set consisting of bare platforms, masks serving as the primary costumes, and a score played by a nine-piece band instead of a full-sized theater orchestra. There are four main roles (a narrator, a young woman (Angel), a young man (Orphan) and a wealthy old man (Rich)) and a chorus, the Revelers, who play various roles. "At the musical's core is the struggle between youth and old age, innocence and corruption, love and ambition, and poverty and wealth, as Angel tries to decide if they would be better served by their feelings for Orphan or Rich's willingness to fulfill them every dream."
Celebration opened on Broadway on January 22, 1969 at the Ambassador Theatre, and closed on April 26, 1969 after 109 performances and thirteen previews. Directed by Jones and choreographed by Vernon Lusby, the cast featured Ted Thurston as Rich, Susan Watson as Angel and Keith Charles as Potemkin, with Michael Glenn-Smith as Orphan. Ed Wittstein designed the scenic design, costumes and lighting.
Celebration has occasionally been presented in university and community productions since then and was produced in 1997 at the Ritz Theatre in Oaklyn, New Jersey. The show was produced at the 14th Street Theatre in New York in 2007–2008. Jones revised the ending of the show for a 2016 production at New Line Theatre in St. Louis, Missouri.
Synopsis
Act I
The narrator, Potemkin, a Loki-like character, explains that if the world is on the brink of destruction, they want to "seize the day" and celebrate being alive ("Celebration"). The masked Revelers join Potemkin in a primitive ceremonial dance, while Potemkin encourages the audience to participate. They describe the scene as a cold New Year's Eve. An innocent young man, Orphan, is an idealist trying to survive the cold and their tough world ("Orphan In The Storm"), but the Revelers taunt him. Potemkin, disguised as a tramp, befriends Orphan, who relates that their orphanage was purchased and eventually destroyed by a Mr. Rich. Orphan wants to find Rich to persuade them to restore the garden at the orphanage. Potemkin offers to be Orphan's guide and demonstrates how to cheat, steal, bow and scrape ("Survive").
Orphan and Potemkin enter the dwelling of Edgar Allen Rich, a wealthy old man. There, they see Angel, a beautiful girl with wings and halo, who does a flexible striptease down to sparkling pasties on their breasts and red panties, surprising Orphan and Potemkin, and ends up in Orphan's arms. Angel is the featured entertainer for the coming New Year's Eve party. They long to be "Somebody" and rushes off to perform. Jaded Mr. Rich is the guest of honor. They eat lavishly while complaining about the food, their health, and their ennui ("Bored").
Orphan has a piece of stained-glass, the eye of God, from the orphanage chapel window. Mr. Rich demands that Orphan leave, but Potemkin negotiates a deal: If Orphan can make the old man feel alive again, Mr. Rich will restore the orphanage ("My Garden"). Angel and the Revelers join the singing, and Mr. Rich forgets themselves and begins to conduct the group. Theirs is finally moved to tears: they can feel emotion again. Mr. Rich describes their life story, beginning as a penniless young man and eventually becoming a successful business person, manufacturing products that replace real things with artificial ones such as wax fruit, glass eyes, paper flowers and falsies. Their retelling, however, adds to their despair ("Where Did It Go?"). Orphan, an optimist, urges the old man to see the beauty in life. Potemkin has an idea: since Orphan reminds Mr. Rich of their younger self, Orphan will portray a youthful Mr. Rich and pretend to fall in love with Angel by singing a romantic ballad. Angel is unsure about this plan; they are not a romantic, but they are willing to give it a chance ("Love Song").
The scene gradually turns from cold and bleak to green and summerlike, as Potemkin acts as ring master and increases the pace of the revelry. Mr. Rich and Orphan seem to blend together, and Angel finds themselves torn between the two. Potemkin oversees the holiday pageant as midnight approaches and they give a note to Orphan. Overjoyed, Orphan goes to meet Angel in the garden ("To The Garden").
Act II
In the garden, Angel looks stunning in gems and furs; Orphan is also struck by the beauty of the garden ("I'm Glad to See You've Got What You Want"). The partiers arrive, and Mr. Rich expresses their joy, dancing wildly with Angel ("It's You Who Makes Me Young"). But they soon argues with Orphan about who owns the property, and orders the garden destroyed. Potemkin refuses to help Orphan ("Not My Problem"). Orphan halts the machines that are about to destroy the garden by holding up their glass amulet ("Fifty Million Years Ago"). They say that they are an intermediary between the past and the future as they defy Mr. Rich.
Attendants and beauticians prepare Mr. Rich for the midnight New Year's party, making them look young. They narcissistically look into a mirror and sees Orphan's face in their reflection.  They are overjoyed at their youthful "transformation" ("The Beautician Ballet"). Just before midnight, the champagne is flowing, and Potemkin is costumed as Father Time. Belly dancers, masks and noise-makers all add to the carnival atmosphere. Angel is dressed as Eve ("Under The Tree"). They focus on Mr. Rich with their seductive dance, but dances with Orphan in a unicorn mask. When Orphan removes the mask, Mr. Rich realizes that they have been tricked. The Revelers act out the conflict between age and youth in a stylized scene, portraying Mr. Rich as winter and Orphan as summer. Each claims Angel them for themselves ("Winter and Summer"). Potemkin, as Father Time, calls out the hours, one by one, as Mr. Rich ages and collapses at the stroke of twelve.
Everyone is unmasked and must confront reality. Orphan sees that the garden is destroyed; Angel knows that they will never be a star. Potemkin blesses Angel and Orphan with a prayer for their survival; they walk to the world outside ("Celebration" (Reprise)).
Song list
Act I
"Celebration" – Potemkin and Revelers
"Orphan in the Storm" – Orphan and Revelers
"Survive" – Potemkin and Revelers
"Somebody" – Angel and Hittites
"Bored" – Rich
"My Garden" – Orphan and Revelers
"Where Did It Go?" – Rich and Sycophants
"Love Song" – Angel, Potemkin, Rich, Orphan and Revelers
"To the Garden" – Company
Act II
"I'm Glad to See You've Got What You Want" – Angel and Orphan
"It's You Who Makes Me Young" – Rich and Revelers
"Not My Problem" – Potemkin and Machines
"Fifty Million Years Ago" – Orphan
"Beautician Ballet" – Rich and Revelers
"Saturnalia" – Potemkin and Revelers
"Under the Tree" – Angel and Animals
"Winter and Summer" – Company
"Celebration" (reprise) – Company
Critical reception
According to Otis Guernsey Jr., "Celebration lyrics are strongly poetic. It suffers its moments of cynicism and despair, even of ugliness, but its theme of regeneration always finds the upbeat. Vernon Lusby's choreography illustrated each sardonic turn of the fable, and the design was a visual marvel of symbolic scenery, costumes and gargoyle masks by Ed Wittstein. ... Celebration struggled forward in an effort to find its audience. It was urged on by the enthusiasm of a few major critics and joyful members of the public who half-filled its auditorium."
Thomas Hischak wrote that it was "an allegorical piece" "performed as an ancient ritual." They further noted that "The score was eerie yet accessible. ... The critics were somewhat fascinated and complimentary. ... Many felt Celebration belonged Off Broadway."
References
External links
"Fairy Tale with a Wink". Time. January 31, 1969. (review of Celebration).
Celebration show site at Music Theatre International
1969 musicals
Broadway musicals
A Rönttönen is a traditional sweet Finnish delicacy from Kainuu.
A small (about the size of the palm of a hand) open faced pie consisting of a crust made of barley or rye dough, filled with a sweetened mashed potato and berry (most often Lingonberry) filling.
Typically, it is served as an accompaniment to a coffee.
The Kainuun rönttönen has a protected geographical indication under the EU law.
References
Finnish cuisine
Fruit pies
Finnish products with protected designation of origin
Trael Joass (born 14 May 1995) is a New Zealand rugby union player.
Rugby career
After playing for Wanderers in Nelson's club rugby competition, Joass represented Tasman Mako in the Mitre 10 Cup and has captained the Tasman Mako seven team, in 2017 they made their All Blacks Sevens debut in Sydney that same year. Joass played as New Zealand won the Gold Medal at the 2018 Commonwealth Games and scored a try in the 2018 Rugby World Cup Sevens Final in San Francisco as the All Blacks defeated England to win the title.
Joass was named as a non-travelling reserve for the All Blacks Sevens squad for the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Personal life
In 2014 Joass was playing in a club game in Brightwater, Wanderers versus Marist, when they began suffering cramps in their chest. They were subsequently notified by a cardiologist that they would risk their lives if they continued to play sport. They had been feeling heart murmurs from the age of 16. They were told they aren't allowed to go to the gym and wasn't allowed to run until they had an operation on their heart.
They credited their family with helping them and was quoted as saying
"Without them (family) I'm nothing, I'm probably just a Māori back in Whangārei doing the wrong things, so they've (family) been huge. They have more belief in me than I believe in myself."
References
Living people
1995 births
New Zealand male rugby sevens players
New Zealand international rugby sevens players
Rugby union players from Whanganui
Rugby sevens players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games rugby sevens players of New Zealand
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Shupe may refer to:
Shupe, Virginia, U.S.
Shupe Peak, Victoria Land, Antarctica
People with the surname
Anson Shupe, American sociologist
Bryan Shupe, American politician
Ryan Shupe, American musician
Vince Shupe (1921–1962), Major League Baseball first baseman
Glen Shupe, an Irish drug addict at HBO drama Oz
The first season of El hotel de los famosos (in English: The Hotel of the Famous 1) was a reality show on eltrece, in which celebrities undergo a four-month confinement in a hotel without access to the outside. The Argentine program was scheduled to premiere on February 28, 2022, but it was postponed to March 21 of the same year.
Hosts and managers
Hosts
Pampita and Leandro Leunis present the galas where the challenges that the participants must face and the eliminations, among other things, will be known.
Rodrigo Lussich and Adrián Pallares are in charge of the weekly debate together with a team of panelists made up of Dalia Gutmann, José María Muscari, Romina Scalora and Tomás Balmaceda.
Candela Ruggeri is the digital host in charge of the program's social networks.
Managers
Gabriel Oliveri, hotel manager
José María Muscari, emotional coach
Juan Miceli, in charge of the gardens
Christian Petersen, kitchen manager
Format
Sixteen participants will remain isolated from the outside in a hotel, specially designed for a reality show, with all the comforts. There are four months of coexistence and competition, a weekly elimination and a single winner who will take 10 million Argentine pesos.
A group of celebrities travels to a dream vacation, in a hotel on the outskirts of the city, with all the luxury and comfort. There is only one detail: The hotel does not have employees.
At the beginning of each week, teams are drawn up to face each other in a challenge that will define who are guests (those who enjoy themselves) and who are hotel staff (those who work so that others enjoy).
Guests stay in upgraded rooms, and have access to the pool, spa, and bar. They will have buffet breakfast and other meals. They can enjoy games, sports, recreational activities, themed parties, live shows and gourmet dinners by guest chefs. Every week, two participants have the opportunity to become VIP guests and access the master suite, the most exclusive room in the entire complex.
The staff stay in the Service Area (the least comfortable space in the hotel). They are in charge of maintenance and guest service tasks: washing linen, preparing breakfast and other meals, taking care of green spaces and the swimming pool, repair and general maintenance of the facilities.
Every day, a different challenge changes the course of coexistence. Dexterity, ability, intelligence and endurance will be put to the test. The winners will access benefits for the stay. The losers will be nominated. In addition, all the inhabitants face the "All against All", the nomination event that will put a participant closer to the nomination. At the end of the week, an elimination duel defines who leaves the hotel.
The game area is made up of four sections: the Team Challenge set, the Individual Challenge set, the Labyrinth and the Elimination Duel in the H.
Participants
Participants
On January 25, 2021, the official list of contestants was confirmed.
Weekly accommodations
Bold: VIP Guest
Italic: Worst staff (weeks 1-9, 13) / Best staff (weeks 10-12,14)
→← Participants who exchange locations by winning or losing the Guest and Staff challenges
Nominations table
Bold - Indicates that the vote corresponds to "Face to Face"
Italic - Indicates that the vote corresponds to "All against all"
* - The vote corresponds to the captain of the Huesped team due to a tie
This contestant was inmune
Positive vote
Summary statistics
Bold text: nominees who transformed into dualists and competed in the elimination pot.
Reception and episodes
El hotel de los famosos was broadcast on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Fridays (the debate is broadcast on Saturday), on eltrece. The show's debut averaged 13.6 ratings points, and with an peak of more than 14 points, by a small difference it did not beat the competition but it did match the rating of Sen Anlat Karadeniz (a Turkish soap opera). By moments, it vastly outperformed the competition, becoming the most third most watched program of the day by points. On the last episode averaged 13.6, with an peak of 17.5, being that the biggest peak of all the show, and outperforming The Voice Argentina. The finale was broadcast before the premiere of All Together Now Argentina, and being the second most viewed program of the day, being only outperformed by the premiere of All Together Now.
Episodes of El Hotel De Famosos
Notes
Most viewed chapter. It was the most viewed of the day.
Notes
References
2020s reality television series
Acro dance is a style of dance that combines classical dance technique with precision acrobatic elements. It is defined by its athletic character, its unique choreography, which seamlessly blends dance and acrobatics, and its use of acrobatics in a dance context. It is a popular dance style in amateur competitive dance as well as in professional dance theater and in contemporary circus productions such as those by Cirque du Soleil. This is in contrast to acrobatic, artistic and rhythmic gymnastics, which are sports that employ dance elements in a gymnastics context under the auspices of a governing gymnastics organization (such as FIG) and subject to a Code of Points. Acro dance is known by various other names including acrobatic dance and gymnastic dance, though it is most commonly referred to simply as acro by dancers and dance professionals.
Acro is an especially challenging dance style for dancers as it requires them to be trained in both dance and acrobatic skills.
History
Acrobatic dance emerged in the United States and Canada in the early 1900s, as one of the types of acts performed in vaudeville. Although individual dance and acrobatic acts had been performed in vaudeville for several decades prior to 1900, it was not until the early 1900s that it became popular to perform acts that combined dance and acrobatic movements.
Acrobatic dance did not suddenly appear in vaudeville; rather, it appeared gradually over time in a variety of forms, and consequently no individual performer has been cited as its originator. Sherman Coates (1872–1912), who performed with the Watermelon Trust from 1900 to 1914, was recalled by fellow dancers as the first acrobatic dancer they had ever seen. Another of the earliest documented acrobatic dance performers was Tommy Woods, who became well known for their slow-motion acrobatic dance in Shuffle Along, in which they would execute acrobatic movements precisely in time with the music. In 1914, acrobat Lulu Coates formed the Crackerjacks, a popular vaudeville troupe that included acrobatic dance in their performance repertoire up until the group disbanded in 1952. Many other popular vaudeville companies combined acrobatics and dance in their shows, including the Gaines Brothers.
Since the decline of the vaudeville era, acrobatic dance has undergone a multi-faceted evolution to arrive at its present-day form. The most significant aspect of this evolution is the integration of ballet technique as the foundation for dance movements, thus bringing into acro dance a precision of form and movement that was absent in vaudeville acrobatic dance. Also, vaudeville acrobatic dances were often little more than acrobatics set to music, whereas modern acro dance is fundamentally danced, with its acrobatic movements performed in a dance context.
Characteristics
A defining characteristic of acro is the smooth, graceful transitions between dance and acrobatic movements. Also, a dance must have a significant percentage of dance movement, with respect to its acrobatic content, in order for it to be categorized as acro. For example, a gymnastics floor exercise is not considered to be acro because it has little or no dance movement compared to its acrobatic content, and also because it lacks smooth transitions between dance and gymnastic movements. Also, acro does not employ supporting apparatus such as those used in acrobatic gymnastics.
Dance technique
The dance movements in acro are founded in ballet, jazz, lyrical and modern dance styles. Acro dance movements are not restricted to these dance styles, but the complete absence of these styles will typically cause a dance to be categorized as something other than acro (e.g., breakdance).
Acrobatic elements
The acrobatic movements and acts of balance performed in an acro dance are referred to as tricks. A variety of tricks are commonly performed in acro dance, varying widely in complexity and the skills required to perform them. Aside from the obvious requirement that dancers possess the requisite skills to perform tricks, the types of tricks that can be performed in an acro dance depends on the number of dancers.
Solo tricks can be performed by independent dancers in solo or group dances. Examples of this are:
Double tricks—also known as partnering tricks—can only be performed by a pair of dancers. An example of this is the pitch tuck, in which one dancer forms a "saddle" with their hands. The second dancer steps onto the saddle and then the first dancer thrusts the saddle upward. The second dancer, who is propelled upward with back rotation, lands on their feet after a complete revolution in the air. Acro partners will sometimes execute lifts and adagio in addition to single and double tricks.
Group tricks generally require three or more dancers. Examples of this are:
Bridge pyramid
Triple cartwheel
Apparel
Footwear
Acro dances are typically performed on hard stages with widely varying surfaces. Such floors differ substantially from a gymnastics floor, which is constructed by layering a standard surface over cushioning foam and spring floor. Whereas gymnasts perform barefoot and rely on the standard gymnastics floor for traction and cushioning, acro dancers seldom dance barefoot, instead depending on footwear such as acro shoes or foot thongs to provide the necessary traction and cushioning.
All of the most common types of acro footwear provide both traction and cushioning. In addition, acro performance surfaces are frequently rough, so acro footwear must protect the bottom of the foot from skin abrasion. Abrasion protection is particularly important on the ball of the foot, which is subjected to a great deal of friction during dance turns and leaps. Traction is essential to prevent lateral slipping that could result in dangerous falls to the hard floor. Cushioning serves to soften the impact when performing tricks such as tucks and layouts, in which a dancer's feet may strike the floor at high velocity. Cushioning is especially important when a Marley floor is unavailable, because uncovered performance surfaces have no cushioning whatsoever and thus may be extremely hard and unyielding.
Acro shoes
Acro dancers most often wear jazz dance shoes, which are commonly referred to as acro shoes by acro dancers. Acro shoes are called jazz boots, jazz ankle boots, jazz booties and other names, by their various manufacturers. They are typically laceless, slip-on shoes, with tight-fitting leather uppers that are designed to prevent the dancer's feet from shifting inside the shoes. Because of their thin, pliable leather uppers and split soles, acro shoes have excellent flexibility, thus enabling dancers to attain both good dance form and acrobatic control. The sole is made of soft, composite rubber so as to provide both high traction and cushioning, and it provides excellent protection from skin abrasion as it covers the entire bottom of the foot.
Foot thongs
Less commonly, acro dancers may wear foot thongs, which are variously called Dance Paws and FootUndeez, depending on the manufacturer. Foot thongs—which are slip-on, partial foot covers that protect only the ball of the foot—are sometimes preferred over acro shoes for aesthetic reasons. In particular, flesh colored foot thongs endow the wearer with the appearance of having bare feet, while retaining some degree of the traction, cushioning, and abrasion protection provided by acro shoes.
Clothing
Acro dancers commonly wear flexible, form-fitting clothing for both safety and aesthetic reasons. Form-fitting clothing is preferred over loose clothing because the latter does not move synchronously with the body and thus may interfere with a dancer's ability to maintain control. This is especially important when a dancer is performing tricks, as loss of control can lead to serious injury. Aside from the safety aspect, form-fitting clothing also helps to expose a dancer's body lines, which can add significantly to the visual impact of an acro dance performance.
Competitive acro dancers frequently wear costumes when performing at dance competitions. Acro costumes often have loose fabric pieces such as short skirts, but the sizes and locations of these pieces are carefully calculated to ensure that they pose no safety risks. As an extra safety measure, skirts are sometimes pinned or stitched at the back below the waistline so that they will not hang at full length when the dancer is inverted, as in hand walking; this prevents the skirt—which might otherwise become entangled in the dancer's hair or costume headpiece—from contacting the dancer's head.
Competitive acro
Acro dance is not uniformly defined within the competitive dance industry. Some dance competition companies require an acro routine to have a minimum of four or five tricks with at most fifty percent acrobatic content. Other companies require an acro routine to have exactly, or more than, fifty percent acrobatic content. Also, at some competitions an acro dance may fit into an explicitly defined "acro dance" performance category, while at others it may fall into a similar category such as "acro/gym," or an alternative category such as "open." Because of these differences, it may be necessary to enter a specific acro routine into different performance categories at different competitions.
See also
Acro dance moves (category)
References
External links
여의도더원
Concert dance
Competitive dance
Circus skills
Dance terminology
The River Torridge is a river in Devon in England; it rises near Meddon. The river describes a long loop through Devon farming country where its tributaries the Lew and Okement join before meeting the Taw at Appledore and flowing into the Bristol Channel. The river is spate dependent and often flows between wooded banks which can be steep. The Torridge local government district is named after the river.
It was the home of Tarka the Otter in Henry Williamson's book.
Route
The river rises close to the border with Cornwall (north of the source of the River Tamar). Its two primary sources are Seckington Water, which rises near Baxworthy Cross, and Clifford Water, the longer of the two, which rises alongside the A39 at Higher Clovelly. These run south and join to form the Torridge at Huddisford. It then flows generally east, passing between East Putford and West Putford, and near Bradford it is joined by the River Waldon, then heads east past Black Torrington and Sheepwash. It is joined by the River Lew near Hatherleigh, and then by the River Okement near Meeth.
It then flows northwards, picking up the River Mere south of Beaford. After this it makes tight bends, and goes past Little Torrington and Great Torrington heading generally north-west. It is joined by the River Yeo at Pillmouth, and then becomes estuarine by Bideford. Between Appledore and Instow it joins the estuary of the River Taw and enters Bideford Bay.
The Tarka Trail walking and cycle route partly follows the course of the North Devon Railway, which, for a considerable distance, closely followed the line of the river. South of Bideford the railway crossed from one bank to the other, and the Trail provides a good vantage point for viewing the river.
List of bridges
The following is a list of bridges over the River Torridge listed going upstream from the estuary at Bideford:
Torridge A39 Road Bridge
Bideford Long Bridge
Halfpenny Bridge, Annery/ Weare Giffard
Beam Aqueduct, (Rolle Canal), Beam, Great Torrington
Rothern Bridge, Great Torrington
Rolle Bridge, Great Torrington
Taddiport Bridge, Great Torrington
New Bridge, Great Torrington
Iron Bridge, Landcross, Bideford
References
Sources
Torridge
Estuaries of England
Kemijärven maalaiskunta is a former municipality in Finland.
Consolidated to Kemijärvi in 1973.
References
Former municipalities of Finland
"Games People Play", also known as ""They Just Can't Stop It" The (Games People Play)", is a song recorded by American R&B vocal group The Spinners. Released in 1975 from their Pick of the Litter album, featuring lead vocals by Bobby Smith, it was a crossover success, spending a week at number one on the US Hot Soul Singles chart and peaking at number five on the Billboard Hot 100. Recorded at Philadelphia's Sigma Sound Studios, the house band MFSB provided the backing.
Female backing vocals on the song were performed by Carla L. Benson, Evette Benton, and Barbara Ingram. This song was an RIAA certified million-seller for the Spinners.
Credits
Lead vocals by Bobby Smith, Pervis Jackson, and Evette Benton
Background vocals by Philippé Wynne, Pervis Jackson, Henry Fambrough, Billy Henderson, and the Sweethearts of Sigma: Barbara Ingram, Carla L. Benson and Evette Benton
Instrumentation by various MFSB
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
[ Song review] on Allmusic
Song review at Songfacts
1975 singles
The Spinners (American R&B group) songs
1975 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Eva Sletto (6 September 1912 – 7 March 2006) was a Norwegian actor. They worked at Det Norske Teatret from 1936 to 1983.  They are best known for their role as Milja in the film Ungen (The Baby) by Oskar Braaten in 1938, and also played Ismene in Sophocles' Antigone, Titania in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream and Olga in Chekhov's Three Sisters. Sletto also played in several movies in the early age of Norwegian cinema. They retired from the stage in 1983, and lived in Oslo until their death at the age of 93.
Select filmography
Dei svarte hestane (1951) as Lisle Førnes
Vigdis (1943) as Vigdis Bjørkli
Trysil-Knut (1942)
Gullfjellet (1941) as Randi
Godvakker-Maren (1940) as Maren
Hu Dagmar (1939) as Ingeborg
Ungen (1938) as Milja
Norge for folket (1936)
References
External links
1912 births
2006 deaths
Norwegian film actores
Norwegian stage actores
20th-century Norwegian actores
People from Asker
Euphorbia celastroides is a flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is referred to by the common name akoko by Hawaiians, and is a species of spurge closely related to the poinsettia. This species develops into a round-shape shrub. This species is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
Description
Euphorbia celastroides grows as a medium-sized shrub or small tree reaching in height. To grow properly, this species requires temperatures of and light shade. This plant develops in a fashion similar to a shrub. In the summer, it assumes a red-violet colouring. It does not lose its leaves in the winter, due to the warm climate of its range. Female flowers have a three-part pistil over a three-part ovary, usually producing three (or sometimes more) seeds. This species is tolerant of heat and drought. They are susceptible to fungal diseases. Its cyathia may be located in short or open-branched cymes, or remain ungrouped in leaf axils. The leaves are distichous (grow in two vertical rows) and may have a glaucous coating. This plant produces a green or brown, rounded fruit 2 to 4 mm long, containing grey-brown seeds 0.5 to 2.5 mm long.
Distribution and habitat
Most varieties of this species can only be found in the Hawaiian Islands. E. celastroides is tolerant of drought and grows in dry areas, inland as well coastal. This species is endemic to the polihale and kanaio regions of Kauai and Maui.
Conservation
Euphorbia celastroides has not yet been evaluated by the IUCN. However, due to its endemic nature, it is very vulnerable to human threats. Two examples of such threats are four-wheeled vehicles (which crush the plant) and introduced species (which compete for resources).
Varieties
This plant has many varieties. These varieties include:
Var. amplectens
Var. halawana
Var. hanapepensis
Var. haupuana
Var. humbertii
Var. ingrata
Var. kaenana
Var. kohalana
Var. laehiensis
Var. laurifolia
Var. mauiensis
Var. nelsonii
Var. nematopoda
Var. niuensis
Var. pseudoniuensis
Var. saxicola
Var. typica
Var. waikoluensis
References
celastroides
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Maa Kasam is a 1985 Indian Hindi-language action drama film directed by Shibu Mitra, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Amjad Khan, Divya Rana, Ranjeet, Sharat Saxena and Pran in lead roles.
Plot
Balwant returns home after completing their jail term. They discover that the Thakur has a treasure map hidden in a diamond ring. They kill the Thakur, but fails to obtain the ring. They wanted to find the ring, but ends up killing their own wife. Their dying wife takes their young son, Dharma, and requests the Thakurain to look after them as their own son. Balwant is again arrested and gets a long jail term. Now Dharma has grown as a hard-working and honest man under Thakurain's care. Now Chakradhari, a con man makes life miserable for the people. At the same time, Balwant completes their sentence and returns for the ring. Who possesses the ring forms the climax.
Cast
Mithun Chakraborty as Dharma
Divya Rana as Santho
Ranjeet as Balwant
Pran as Inspector Kishanlal
Amjad Khan as Chakradhari
Sushma Seth as Thakurain
Sharat Saxena as Makhan Singh
Ram Mohan as Manager
Manik Irani as Kalu
Viju Khote as Constable B.A. Talwar
Sunder as Bhola Ram, Tribal Leader
Birbal as Lala
Guddi Maruti as Bhola Ram's daughter
Brahmachari as Dinu
Harish Patel
Huma Khan as Dancer in yellow sari
Punnu as Jaggu
Kalpana Iyer as an item number
Kim as an item number
Soundtrack
Record Label: Super T-Series
Music: Bappi Lahiri
Lyrics: Faroukh Qaiser and Anjaan
Songs:
1. "Jabse Tujhko Dekha Hai" – S. Janaki, Manhar Udhas
2. "Ek Do Teen Aare Aare" – Amit Kumar, Manhar Udhas
3. "Rajaji Raja Rajaji" – Uttara Kelkar
4. "Pesh Karta Hoon" – Shabbir Kumar, Shobha Gurtu
5. "Bingo Bingo Bingo Mein Hoon" – Mohammad Aziz, Parvati Khan, Vijay Benedict
Awards:
Won- Filmfare Best Comedian Award for Amjad Khan
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian action films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
Films directed by Shibu Mitra
1985 action films
Brigadier Rodolph Ladeveze Adlercron, CMG, DSO*, JP, DL (5 July 1873 – 12 June 1966) was a British Army officer and local politician.
Early life and family
Rodolph Ladeveze Adlercron was born on 5 July 1873, the second son of George Rothe Ladeveze Adlercron (died 1884), of Moyglare, County Meath, and their wife Aloÿse Blanche Lilias, second daughter of Baron Godefroi de Blonay, of Vernand, Lausanne. In 1910, Adlercron married Hester (died 1939), younger daughter of John Chandler Bancroft (died 1901), of Boston in the United States, and had four daughters: Lillias Nina Aloyse (born 1911), Meliora Lavinia (born 1912), Hester Elizabeth (born 1913) and Pauline Aymee Margaret (born 1915). Meliora died in 1930 from injuries sustained in a motoring accident; in 1936, the youngest daughter, Pauline, married John Christopher Morrell Blackie, son of Ernest Blackie, Bishop of Grimsby.
Career
Army
After schooling at Eton, Adlercron was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the 5th Battalion of the Royal Irish Rifles on 12 February 1892. Following a promotion to Lieutenant in 1893, they were transferred at that rank to The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders on 2 June 1894 after Lt F. A. MacFarlan was appointed Adjutant. They took part in the Nile Expedition and Second Boer War, being mentioned in dispatches in both conflicts. Promotion to Captain followed in 1899, before Adlercron was seconded to be an Adjutant in the 4th Battalion of the Lincolnshire Regiment, part of the Territorial Force. They were appointed a Brigade Major that October, before promotion to Major two years later.
Adlercron served in Europe during World War I. They were made a Brigade Major in The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders in August 1914, and the following October was promoted to temporary Lieutenant Colonel, commanding a territorial unit, the 6th West Riding Regiment. They subsequently commanded 148th and 124th Infantry Brigades. By 1916, they were a temporary Brigadier General and was promoted that December to Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel. By the time the war was over, they had been mentioned in dispatches seven times, received the Distinguished Service Order (and bar), and been appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George. They were placed on the retired list in March 1920 and granted the honorary rank of Brigadier. They were a Honorary Colonel of the 6th Battalion of the Duke of Wellington's Regiment.
Later life
Adlercron was a Justice of the peace and Deputy Lieutenant for Lincolnshire. In 1946, they were elected onto Kesteven County Council for the Welby division; they were returned again in 1949, and 1952. They died on 12 June 1966.
Heraldry
Adlercron bore the following coat of arms: Quarterly 1 and 4 Argent and eagle displayed wings inverted Sable langued Gules membered and ducally crowned Or; 2 and 3 Argent a chevron in point embowed between in chief two mullets and in base a lion rampant all Gules. Quarters 1 and 4 represented the family of Adlercron, while the other two were for Trapaud.
Likeness
Rodolph Ladeveze Adlercron, by Walter Stoneman (negative, 1917). Photographs Collection, National Portrait Gallery, London (NPGx43249).
References
1873 births
1966 deaths
British Army brigadiers
People educated at Eton College
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Members of Kesteven County Council
Deadly Arts may refer to:
Deadly Arts, a martial art documentary series hosted by Josette Normandeau
G.A.S.P!! Fighters' NEXTream, a 1998 fighting game for the Nintendo 64, released in North America as Deadly Arts
Vlaški Do may refer to the following villages in Serbia:
Vlaški Do (Žabari)
Vlaški Do (Smederevska Palanka)
The Agorà Ice Stadium is the largest ice arena in Milan, Italy. Prior to its opening in 1987, Milan had had only one ice rink. It is currently the home of the Hockey Milano Rossoblu ice hockey team, as well as around 300 athletes in the disciplines of figure skating, speed skating, and synchronized skating.
The Agorà has a seating capacity of 4,000 and receives 150,000 to 200,000 visitors annually. It can host both national and international events. Its facilities include a standard track of 30 x 60 metres and a restaurant/bar.
The Agorà hosted the 2013 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
External links
http://www.stadioghiaccio.it/ - Official Web Site
Indoor arenas in Italy
Indoor ice hockey venues in Italy
Sports venues in Milan
Ryan Culwell is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist based in Nashville, Tennessee. Their third full-length album The Last American was released by Missing Piece Records on August 24, 2018.
Biography
Growing up in the Texas Panhandle, Culwell's family labored in oilfields and the trucking industry. Hoping for a different life, Culwell went to college to study economics, but eventually left to pursue their musical career while working odd jobs on the side. Through the years Culwell has worked as a roofing salesperson, landscaper, tree cutter, and pedal tavern driver. In 2006 they released their debut Heroes on the Radio, and in 2015 they released their second album Flatlands.
Culwell's music has been compared to that of Bruce Springsteen, Steve Earle, and The War on Drugs, and he's played shows with Patty Griffin, Hayes Carll, Ashley Monroe, Billy Joe Shaver, and Amy Speace.
Discography
Heroes on the Radio (2006)
Flatlands (2015)
The Last American (2018)
Run Like A Bull (2022)
References
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
21st-century American singers
People from Perryton, Texas
Musicians from Nashville, Tennessee
1980 births
21st-century American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Singer-songwriters from Texas
This is a list of fictional dogs in animated film and is a subsidiary to the list of fictional dogs. It is a collection of various animated dogs in film.
Film (animation)
References
Lists of fictional canines
Fictional dogs
Professor Charles Samuel Bernard Galasko ChM, FRCS, FRCSEd, FCMSA (Hon), FFSEM (Ire), FFSEM (UK), FMedSci (born 1939), often cited as Charles S. B. Galasko, is a South African orthopaedic surgeon.
Galasko was educated at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg.
They were director of orthopaedics at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School from 1973 to 1976.
From 1976 to 2004 they worked as professor of orthopaedic surgery at the University of Manchester, becoming emeritus on retirement. At the same time they were consultant orthopaedic surgeon at the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital and at Hope Hospital.
They have served as president of the British Orthopaedic Association; president of the International Orthopaedic Research Society; vice-president of the Royal College of Surgeons of England; and chair of the Joint Committee for Higher Surgical Training (UK and Ireland) and of the Intercollegiate Academic Board for Sport and Exercise Medicine.
They were the first president of the Faculty of Sport and Exercise Medicine UK; and was a member of the British Olympic Association's medical committee for 15 years; chair of the British Amateur Wrestling Association and their medical adviser from 1986 to 2002; and vice-chair of English Wrestling, being their medical adviser from 1986 to 2002.
They were made an Honorary Fellow of the Faculty of Sport and Exercise Medicine (FFSEM) in 2014.  They are also a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England (FRCS (Eng)), a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (FRSCEd), and a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci).
They gave the 2003 Hunterian Oration, with a lecture entitled Hunter's Legacy and Surgical Training and Competence in the 21st Century.
References
External links
1939 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
South African orthopaedic surgeons
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Beneath Oblivion is an American four-piece Cincinnati, Ohio-based doom metal band. Since forming in 2003 they have released a demo in 2004, a full-length album in 2006, a 10" split in 2007, a self-titled 10" EP in 2009, a 7" split and a 2xLP in 2011. They are said to have the loud and heavy elements of sludge American underground, with DIY/punk ideas, ethics and touring style; Open minded to many different forms of music, sound and experimentation, but with more European funeral doom and death metal influences than anything.
History
After forming in 2003 Beneath Oblivion went on to record a demo titled 'The Melancholy Demo' in 2004 before recording and self-releasing their first album 'Existence Without Purpose' on CD in 2006. Originally sold at shows and through the band the album received worldwide acclaim, garnering positive reviews from as far afield as Russia as well as in their home country. Following the release the band toured extensively, increasing awareness of their music both in the Cincinnati area and nationwide. In 2007 Beneath Oblivion recorded a split LP with the Providence, Rhode Island band Sin of Angels. The split album was released on the independent label 43rd Parallel and was limited to 500 copies, 150 on green vinyl and 350 on black . In 2008 they were signed to the Athens, Georgia-based record label The Mylene Sheath. They went on to release their first record for The Mylene Sheath on February 10, 2009. A self-titled 10" record, the album was released exclusively on vinyl and limited to 500 copies: 100 clear with white swirl available exclusively from the band at shows, 100 black available exclusively from The Mylene Sheath web store, and 300 pressed in translucent red with white swirl. Both the mail order and show exclusive versions sold out very quickly. The record was a substantial step forward from the first album, going beyond the traditional boundaries of doom and sluge metal. The release was supported with a number of shows including a Mylene Sheath showcase with labelmates Gifts From Enola and If These Trees Could Talk. The record received almost unanimously favorable reviews and catapulted the band into the higher echelons of doom metal groups.
Future
As of May 2011, Beneath Oblivion has recorded their forthcoming 2xLP titled 'From Man to Dust,' and mastered it with producer/engineer Billy Anderson. The record due for release sometime in August 2011 again on the Mylene Sheath. Like most releases through the Mylene Sheath, fans can expect elaborate packaging/finish and different colors of vinyl on a gatefold as well as CD and digital release. It is also anticipated that the record label will re-release 'Existence Without Purpose' sometime in the future but this is unconfirmed.
Discography
The Melancholy Demo - self released (2004)
Existence Without Purpose – self released (2006)
Split 10" record w/ Sin of Angels – 43rd Parallel (2007)
"One Year of Deprivation" / "No Man or Deity" 10" record – The Mylene Sheath (2009)
Split 7" record w/ Angel Eyes - The Mylene Sheath (2011)
From Man to Dust - The Mylene Sheath (2011)
Influences
As with the majority of doom metal bands Beneath Oblivion's music is primarily concerned with the darker aspects of the human psyche. They claim the main influences on their music are 'struggle, depression, life, death, isolation, inner and outer turmoil'.
Press
'Beneath Oblivion is Cincinnati, Ohio's finest in doom, despair and futility. Crawling forward, white-knuckled with down-tuned guitar riffs that leave you unnerved and anxious, bass lines that thud hard enough to leave you nauseous, and drums that thump one minute in a tribal, trance-inducing cavalcade and the next crashing down with the power of a mountain splitting in two. And though self-lamenting enough to satisfy anyones the deepest wallowing, it challenges you to use your sorrow as a fuel to conquer and persevere.' (from The Mylene Sheath artists page)
References
External links
Interview with Citybeat Magazine
Review of 'Existence Without Purpose' at Hellride Music
Review of 'Beneath Oblivion' 10" at The Big Takeover Magazine
Beneath Oblivion biography and reviews at The Encyclopedia Metallum
Last.fm page
Beneath Oblivion at Discogs.com
American doom metal musical groups
Heavy metal musical groups from Ohio
"Locker Room" (formerly "Larry McCarren's Locker Room") is a live talk show hosted by WFRV-TV sports director Burke Griffin and former Green Bay Packer Ahman Green. It used to be hosted by former WFRV sports director and former Green Bay Packer Larry McCarren, who is now the sports director at WGBA-TV. Every week during football season, a Packers player visits the show. That player is then interviewed, and then that player must teach one selected member of the audience how to do a task to earn their autograph; the concept is called "Earn Your Autograph." Also, there is a segment on the show called "Chalk Talk," where certain plays are selected in the previous Packer game and are talked through.
Band
The official band of "Locker Room" is 3rd and Short.
2012 hiatus
In March 2012, Larry McCarren announced that they were resigning from their 24-year position at WFRV-TV. They proceeded to join WGBA-TV in July 2012, launching the similar show Packers Live in September 2013 over the stations in the Packers' television network (McCarren did not do a show in the 2012 season due to a non-compete clause in the Green Bay market). In August 2012, WFRV announced it had found two new co-hosts for McCarren's former show, Burke Griffin and Ahman Green; the new show will premiere on September 10.
Notes
Mass media in Green Bay, Wisconsin
Zatrephes afenestrata is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1987. It is found in French Guiana.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1987
The 1964 NCAA University Division Swimming and Diving Championships were contested in March 1964 at Kiputh Pool at Payne Whitney Gymnasium at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut at the 41st annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of University Division men's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
This was the first championship hosted only for swimming programs in the NCAA's University Division (future Division I). The inaugural College Division (future Divisions II and III) championship was contested in Grove City, Pennsylvania and won by Bucknell.
USC once again topped the team standings, finishing five points ahead of Indiana, and claimed their third overall title (and third title in four years).
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
(H) = Hosts
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Men's Swimming and Diving Championships
NCAA University Division Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA University Division Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA University Division Swimming And Diving Championships
The 64th Cavalry Division of the United States Army Organized Reserve was created from the perceived need for additional cavalry units. It numbered in succession of the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation.
The 64th Cavalry Division was dispersed across the United States. The division was composed of personnel from Kentucky, Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire and West Virginia.
Lieutenant Colonel Steven Clay writes that the division was "constituted 15 October 1921, allotted to the First and Fifth Corps Areas, and assigned to the Fifth Army. The division [headquarters] was initiated 22 October 1921 at the Post Office Building in Lexington, KY, by Lt. Col. Richard W. Walker. The division HQ was moved to Louisville, KY, on 14 March 1922 to provide a more central location for ..the cavalry units in the Fifth Corps Area. On official activation, the division began to flourish rapidly. By the end of 1922, the division was 62 percent complete. By 1926, the 64th Cav. Div. boasted 336 officers and 47 enlisted men and all authorized units had been activated."
"Due to the lack of horses, equipment, and enlisted men, the 64th Cav. Div. did not participate in the [1937] Second Army maneuver as an organized division. Instead, the members of the division (minus the 158th Brigade) reinforced [Regular Army or National Guard] units to bring them up to wartime strength in officers or by acting as umpires. In general, elements of the division reinforced the 7th and 54th Cav. Brigs., which participated in the Fifth Corps Area portion of the maneuvers held at Fort Knox. In all, over 200 officers from the division participated. The next major event for the division was the Second Army maneuver held in central Wisconsin in August 1940. This time, the officers of the 64th reinforced the 1st Sq., 14th Cav., but also provided a substantial number of officers to the 38th Div. as well. The 1940 maneuver in Wisconsin was the division's last major training event, for although the 64th was not officially disbanded until [30] January 1942, it had almost ceased to exist by then. Most of the assigned personnel had already been called to Active Duty, leaving only a shell of the former organizations."
Structure
Headquarters & Headquarters Troop
157th Brigade
313th Cavalry Regiment
314th Cavalry Regiment
158th Brigade
315th Cavalry Regiment
316th Cavalry Regiment
864th Field Artillery Regiment
464th Tank Company
64th Signal Troop
584th Ordnance Company
464th Quartermaster Squadron
464th Armored Car Squadron
404th Engineer Squadron
364th Medical Squadron
References
Sources
Maneuver and Firepower, The Evolution of Divisions and Separate Brigades, by John B. Wilson, Center of Military History, Washington D.C., 1998
Cavalry Regiments of the U S Army by James A. Sawicki Wyvern Pubns; June 1985
64
Military units and formations established in 1921
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
Toto Makgolokwe was the paramount chief (kgosi) of the Batlharo tribe of South Africa, dubbed the Freedom Warrior and an icon of the land whose resistance to colonization galvanized the freedom struggle. In 1897, they became the hero of The Langeberg Rebellion (1896–97) after defeating the British military. The British subsequently brought in reinforcements which defeated the Batlharo (Batswana tribe) and captured both Makgolokwe and Kgosi Galeshewe. Kgosi Toto's eldest son Robanyane Toto was also arrested with them at Robben Island.
Toto was convicted for protecting and sheltering Galeshewe. Toto died at Robben Island and Kgosi Galeshewe died at Magogong, Phokwane, Taung in 1927 after over 20 years in prison at different intervals.
Most of the Batlharo tribe reside in and around Kuruman, John Taolo Gaetsewe District Municipality. The other Batlharo people live in Namibia, after vacating when the Langenberg war began.
References
Oral testimonial by Kgosi J. B. Toto interviewed by Kabelo Morutinyane
See also
Langeberg Rebellion (1896–97)
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
South African chiefs
Internet slang
Gabriel Archer was an early explorer who became a settler at Jamestown. They explored Cape Cod with Bartholomew Gosnold before going in the first wave of settlers to Jamestown in 1607. At Jamestown, they clashed with John Smith repeatedly before eventually dying in the winter of 1609-1610, also known as the Starving Time. The Jamestown Rediscovery Project, among other scholars, considers the possibility that Gabriel Archer may have been a Catholic, based on how they were buried.
Early life
Gabriel Archer was born to Christopher and Mary Archer of Mountnessing, Essex in England, in either 1574 or 1575. They graduated from St John's College, Cambridge in 1591.
Cape Cod
Gabriel Archer also explored Cape Cod under an expedition which was headed by Bartholomew Gosnold. Their account of this expedition was later published after their death by Samuel Purchas under the title "The Relation of Captaine Gosnols Voyage to the North Part of Virginia." The title reflects the fact that the term New England was not consistently used to refer to Massachusetts and its environs at that time.
The voyage departed on March 26, 1602, before arriving at the coast on May 14. The expedition consequently explored both Cape Cod, but also Martha's Vineyard, which George R. Stewart conjectures that Archer themselves named, as Gosnold had a daughter named Martha and there were many grapevines in the area. Martha's Vineyard initially designated a smaller island, before the name was shifted to the larger island referred to as Martha's Vineyard to this day. Archer also recorded and most likely coined many other names from that voyage that are not still used in the present day, including Tucker's Terror and Hill's Hap. Their records contain a description of most of the important events of the voyage, including finding and naming Cape Cod.
During the course of the expedition, Archer engaged in trade with the local Wampanoag tribe and helped build a trading post at Cuttyhunk Island. However, the trading post was abandoned when Archer and the rest of the expedition returned to England.
Jamestown
Archer entered Chesapeake Bay in an expedition in early 1607 to aid in setting up the Virginia colony. On April 26, some of the local Native Americans attacked, and Archer sustained some wounds to their hands. Later on, in the James River, Archer sighted what they thought to be a promising site for settlement, which afterwards was known as Archer's Hope. However, a separate site which Christopher Newport preferred was picked, which ended up becoming Jamestown. Newport then led an expedition that charted the James River until present-day Richmond, Virginia. While on that journey, Archer most likely kept a log of what they saw, and bestowed more names upon the land, though many were changed and few survived.
Archer then gained a position as secretary and recorder for Jamestown. However, they were not on the governing council at that time, despite their position. Archer then aided in the trial of Edward Maria Wingfield, the first president of the colony, who was convicted for a string of minor charges after a shift in opinion against them because of a lack of food and great disease within the colony.
Not long after the trial, John Smith (explorer) had been captured by the Powhatan tribe. Smith was released, but two of their men had been killed on that mission. Archer held Smith responsible and subsequently put them on trial. Archer called for the death penalty, citing Leviticus in support of why Smith should be hanged. However, Smith was not hanged, because Christopher Newport arrived with supplies that they had brought back from England, and convinced the colonists to let Smith go free.
Archer then accompanied Newport on their voyage back to England, along with their enemy Wingfield. In England, Archer reported to the Virginia Company about Jamestown, including by recommending the possibility of growing sugar there, or pineapples, though they did also mention the possibility of profitably exporting tobacco. Archer's return, however, was a tempestuous voyage, including a hurricane that severely damaged the Blessing, the ship that they were on, and left some of the other ships broken or stranded.
When Archer returned, Smith was president of Jamestown. The ships that were returning from England were supposed to convey that Thomas Gates (governor) was the president of Jamestown colony, but the necessary documentation was not in the ships that successfully arrived at Jamestown. Smith finished out their term, but agreed that the arrivals from England could take over once it was finished. Subsequently, an explosion injured Smith, and so they set sail back for England. Archer and Smith still had great enmity for one another.
During the Starving Time, Archer died in either 1609 or 1610 and was buried in a coffin. Their grave was later located near a Jamestown church by the Jamestown Rediscovery Project. The grave was identified because they were a high-ranking leader who was at the age range of the skeleton, and through a comparison of their teeth and lead levels. Part of a leading staff was found buried alongside him.
Catholicism
After Archer's grave was discovered in 2015, some of the archaeologists who had found it came up with a theory that Archer was secretly a Catholic, based on the manner of their burial. Almost all the Jamestown settlers were known to be Anglican, and one of the motives for establishing Jamestown itself as a colony was to ensure that the Anglican Church would have a foothold in the New World, which up until that point had been dominated primarily by Catholic countries such as Spain.
Archer's parents were at some point fined for not attending Anglican services because they were Catholic. In addition, Archer was buried facing east, which was then generally only the burial orientation of ministers so they could see their churchgoers on the Resurrection. Archer had also attended Cambridge, which was known at that time, according to James Horn of the Jamestown Rediscovery Project, to be a university with some Catholic presence.
The piece of evidence that initially started the theory that Gabriel Archer was a Catholic, however, was a small silver box that was buried next to him. It is believed to be a Catholic reliquary that contains fragments of bones and a lead ampulla. Horn reports that the box was probably intentionally placed in the grave with him, presumably by one of Archer's fellow Catholics. However, the reliquary is not necessarily conclusive evidence, because at this time the Church of England was still shifting away from Catholic symbolism and Catholic practices were being repurposed for Anglican use.
If Archer were a Catholic, James Horn and others have mentioned that that could provide a reason for their animosity with some of the top colonial leaders. Before this, some rosaries and crucifixes had been found at Jamestown, but there was no evidence that they came from Catholic settlers specifically.
References
Virginia colonial people
Jamestown, Virginia
English explorers of North America
1574 births
17th-century American people
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
1609 deaths
People from the Borough of Brentwood
Kingdom of England emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
The Roman Catholic Church in Kenya is composed of 4 Metropolitans and 20 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Kenya
Metropolitan of Kisumu
Archdiocese of Kisumu
Diocese of Bungoma
Diocese of Eldoret
Diocese of Homa Bay
Diocese of Kakamega
Diocese of Kisii
Diocese of Kitale
Diocese of Lodwar
Diocese of Busia
Metropolitan of Mombasa
Archdiocese of Mombasa
Diocese of Garissa
Diocese of Malindi
kitui diocese¡¡
Metropolitan of Nairobi
Archdiocese of Nairobi
Diocese of Kericho
Diocese of Kitui
Diocese of Machakos
Diocese of Nakuru
Diocese of Ngong
Metropolitan of Nyeri
Archdiocese of Nyeri
Diocese of Embu
Diocese of Maralal
Diocese of Marsabit
Diocese of Meru
Diocese of Muranga
Diocese of Nyahururu
Apostolic vicariate of Isiolo
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Kenya
Catholic dioceses
Cedar Bog State Nature Preserve is a fen left behind by the retreating glaciers of the Wisconsin glaciation about 12,000-18,000 years ago. A protected area of about of fen remains from the original area of approximately 7,000 acres (28 km2).
Cedar Bog is located in Champaign County, Ohio, United States, near the city of Urbana. Groundwater from the Mad River Valley and the Urbana Outwash percolate through hundreds of feet of gravel left behind by the glacier in the Teays River. The Teays River is an underground river that existed before the Wisconsin glacier which, before the glacier, rivaled the Ohio River in size.
In addition to the water that feeds the bog, the glacier also left behind plants that are unique to Cedar Bog. Many of these plants are rare or endangered. The sedges and other plants that grow here left behind by the last glacier were the food for mastodons and giant sloths that once roamed the earth. Also, trees found here like bog birch and northern white cedar are more commonly found in the more northern boreal forest. Cedar Bog is also the home of the endangered spotted turtle, massasauga rattlesnake, and Milbert's tortoise-shell butterfly.
Cedar Bog was purchased in 1942 by the State of Ohio using public funds for the purpose of setting it aside as a natural area. The land was turned over to the Ohio Historical Society for management. Cedar Bog was designated as a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service in 1967.￼ The preserve was first dedicated as a state nature preserve in 1979 and has been amended several times since.
References
External links
The Cedar Bog Association
Cedar Bog State Nature Preserve Ohio Department of Natural Resources
Bogs of Ohio
Protected areas of Champaign County, Ohio
National Natural Landmarks in Ohio
Ohio History Connection
Nature reserves in Ohio
Landforms of Champaign County, Ohio
Protected areas established in 1942
Shafiabad (, also Romanized as Shafī‘ābād; also known as Shā‘fīabād Bātān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Roberto Lardera (December 18, 1911 – February 23, 1989), informally known as Berto Lardera, was an Italian sculptor of the 20th century. They were born in La Spezia, Italy, the son of a naval engineer. They were self-taught and their leanings towards monumental, metallic sculptures may have been influenced by the sights they grew up with in the naval dockyards.
In 1947 Lardera moved to Paris, where they remained until their death in 1989. They exhibited at the Galerie Denise René and then at the Salon de Mai and the Salon des Réalités Nouvelles. Lardera's sculpture began with abstract metal structures based on two dimensions, or a flat geometrical plane, which challenged the conventional form of sculpture based around volume and enclosed spaces. Later their work became more diverse, with their geometrical constructions branching out into the horizontal as well as the vertical plane and often resulting in series based on a single theme, such as their Miracles, Aubes and Archanges series.
Their sculptures are to be found the world over, in Europe, America and Japan. They show the use of a wide range of different metals, as well as different dimensions. Lardera did not produce very many prints, but their interest in using different planes and dimensions led to them making markedly "sculptural" prints. They used a unique technique, cutting forms and designs with their sculpting tools in thick iron plates from which the prints were pulled. They used no acid or chemical processes.
References
Bibliography
External links
A photograph of Lardera
A sample of their work
1911 births
1989 deaths
Modern sculptors
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Sammi Rotibi is a Nigerian-American film and television actor. Their most notable roles are Rodney in Django Unchained and General Amajagh in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Their acting idols are Sidney Poitier and Peter O'Toole.
Background
Rotibi was born and grew up in Lagos, Nigeria. They attended schools in Nigeria; Miami, Florida; and Los Angeles, California.  They are the youngest child of a large family. They decided to become an actor at 18 while working as a part-time bank teller in Miami when a client who owned a talent-agency suggested it as a profession to him.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
American people of Nigerian descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male actors from Lagos
Nigerian male film actors
Nigerian male television actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
20th-century Nigerian male actors
20th-century American male actors
21st-century Nigerian male actors
21st-century American male actors
20th-century births
Comedy 23/6 was a satirical news and opinion website developed by HuffPost, launched on November 9, 2007. Published by Arianna Huffington and edited by former The Daily Show writer Jason Reich, the site featured daily news coverage, original video, and a group blog known as "The Room."
Bloggers for the site have included Bill Maher, Tracey Ullman, Mike Birbiglia, Taylor Negron, Greg Fitzsimmons, and Paula Poundstone.
Video producers for the site include Eugene Mirman, H. Jon Benjamin, Jon Glaser, David Rees, A.D. Miles, Patrick Borelli, Julie Klausner, Jenny Slate, Larry Murphy, Max Silvestri, Todd Barry, Joe Mande and Sam Seder.
Dickipedia
Dickipedia – A Wiki of Dicks was a parody collection of satirical biographies "about people who are dicks". It is self-described as "a monolingual (English), Web-based, free content encyclopedia project, …[which] does not contain information about people who are detectives".
The first entry was Mitch McConnell. Bikram Choudhury was also featured.
References
External links
American comedy websites
American political blogs
Internet properties established in 2007
MediaWiki websites
This is a list of airlines that have an air operator's certificate issued by the Agence Nationale de l'Aviation Civile of Burkina Faso.
See also
List of defunct airlines of Burkina Faso
List of airlines
List of companies based in Burkina Faso
References
Airlines
Burkina Faso
Airlines
Burkina Faso
The Belarus men's national under-18 basketball team is the national junior basketball team that represented Belarus in international under-18 tournaments. They are controlled by the Belarusian Basketball Federation. The team competed at the FIBA U18 European Championship, with the opportunity to qualify for the FIBA Under-19 World Cup.
After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the FIBA suspended Belarus from participating in basketball and 3x3 basketball competitions.
See also
Belarus men's national basketball team
Belarus men's national under-16 basketball team
References
External links
Official website
FIBA profile
National sports teams of Belarus
Men's national under-18 basketball teams
Evans Head is a town in Richmond Valley Council of the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia. At the 2016 census, Evans Head had a population of 2,843 people. It is 726 kilometres north of Sydney, and 11 kilometres east off the Pacific Highway from Woodburn.
History
Evans Head is situated on the traditional lands of the Widje clan of the Bundjalung people.
Evans Head is named after a marine surveyor, Lt Evans, RN who carried out the first marine survey of the coastline in the area.
The Evans Head Air Weapons Range is located near the town. It has been used by the Royal Australian Air Force since 13 July 1949.
Heritage listings
Evans Head has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Memorial Airport Drive: Evans Head Memorial Aerodrome
Native title
In late April 2021, the Federal Court of Australia convened at Evans Head, where a native title determination was made over of land, consisting of 52 separate areas of land. The application had been launched in 1996, and the first determination made in 2013. Included in the land is a bora ring of great cultural significance near Coraki.
Population
According to the 2016 census of Population, there were 2,843 people in Evans Head.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 4.5% of the population.
85.0% of people were born in Australia and 90.7% of people spoke only English at home.
The most common responses for religion were No Religion 29.0%, Anglican 21.9% and Catholic 20.9%.
Attractions
It is a coastal town and a holiday resort, playing host to one of the largest holiday parks in NSW. It is sandwiched between Bundjalung National Park and Broadwater National Park. There is a wide curved beach that is popular for fishing, surfing and swimming.
Evans Head is home to the Illawong Hotel, an RSL club and one of the largest holiday parks in NSW, parts of which are pet-friendly. The Evans Head Holiday Park (formerly known as 'Silver Sands Caravan Park' ) has almost 600 sites and is located within walking distance of all the town amenities. The town has two supermarkets, two butchers, a number of clothing stores, cafes and other eateries that cater for the tourist population. Whilst the population is less than 3,000 people that number swells in school holidays.
The 1874 wreck of a timber schooner, Pilot, is visible on the beach north of the town in times of high erosion. The aerodrome hosts one of the few retired F-111 aircraft in Australia and a museum with a number of authentic aircraft on display.
Transport
The town's airport, the Evans Head Memorial Aerodrome, formerly a RAAF base is heritage listed.
Northern Rivers Buslines operates two routes from Lismore, the 690 and 695, where the 695 also continues to Grafton from Evans Head. Ballina Buslines operates one route to Ballina via Woodburn, the 660.
NSW Trainlink operates a daily coach between Grafton and Byron Bay via Evans Head.
Sport
The town has a bowling club and surf club. Evans Head Bombers rugby league club was established in 1999 and draws players from Broadwater, Woodburn and Coraki. The club fields junior and senior teams in the Northern Rivers Regional Rugby League competition.
Golf is played at the Woodburn-Evans Head course with 11 holes and 18 tees.
Industry
The main industry today is tourism with sugar cane growing just inland from the town. The town has a small industrial estate near the airport.
The town was traditionally a fishing village, with snapper fishing and prawning forming the basis of the town's local economy.
The voyage of the Friendship R
From the 1950s Evans Head has been distinguished as the first dedicated base of the oftentimes perilous prawn trawling industry in Australia. There was a prawn fishing fleet permanently moored in the estuary. Messenger recalls that many fishermen lost their lives. One instance in the 1960s was the trawler Wyowna was lost at sea with all hands on board.
At ca. March 1963 the Fisherman's Cooperative of Evans Head was the base starting point of the journey of the Friendship-R, the first fishing trawler to circumnavigate Australia. It was built in nearby Ballina by K.F. Barlow for Rex Montford, an experienced seaman and fisherman. With crewman Ken Messenger, a grandson of Dally Messenger, the rugby league superstar of the early 20th century, Montford set out on their epic journey.
The Friendship R was originally contracted by the CSIRO to teach the fishermen at Shark Bay near Carnarvon WA , the art of trawling for prawns.
Leaving Evans Head the trawler journeyed south, stopping at Coffs Harbour, Broken Bay, Sydney, Eden and on to Port Fairy in Victoria. They then headed West to Port Lincoln and then across the Great Australian Bight to Western Australia aided only with a compass and a book of charts. They negotiated extremely hazardous reefs on their way into Fremantle.
As it turned out the fishermen at Shark Bay had already had been mentored by Jack Drinan, a skilled Queensland prawner who was in charge of six trawlers all named Nor but numbered one to six.
This was the same Jack Drinan who was shipwrecked on 26 April 1963 and declared lost, but was sensationally found seventeen days later, in the open sea, clinging to the trawler's refrigerator door. Montford and Messenger were part of the search party.
In the company of Drinan and their surviving boats the Friendship R saw out the rest of the fishing and prawning season, while domiciled at the Shark Bay whaling station.
In October 1963 Montford and Messenger decided to leave Carnarvon and return to Evans Head by the top end of the Australian continent.
In the company of two other boats, the Toowoon Bay and the Rambler, they proceeded along the coastline north to Exmouth Gulf and then east to Darwin. On this leg of the trip, a crisis occurred when, in a calm sea, their engine failed. The sails, gifted by Sydney yachtsman Englebert “Boy” Messenger, were not helpful as there was no wind. Fortunately, Reg Massey, skipper of the Rambler sensed something was wrong, doubled back, found the Friendship R and towed it into the port of Darwin.
When all was repaired and overhauled in Darwin the Friendship R set out across the unpredictable Gulf of Carpentaria. They stopped at Elcho Island where they received enthusiastic hospitality from the locals.
They were similarly welcomed at Thursday Island. They then proceeded back to Evans Head via Cairns and Tin Can Bay.
The Friendship R was the first fishing trawler or similar vessel to circumnavigate Australia. It is considered a pioneer voyage in Australia's history. Messenger left for other pursuits and Rex Montford lived out their life in Evans Head, honoured and respected by the local population.  They are buried in the local cemetery.
References
Sturt, Charles,'Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia during the years 1828, 1829, 1830, 1831 with Observations on the Soil, Climate and general Resources of the Colony of New South Wales,' Vol 1 London, Smith Elder and Co, 1833, map facing LXXX Map is titled: Map of the Discoveries in Australia copied from the latest M. S. Surveys in the Colonial Office, 16 Feb 1832, London, J. Arrowsmith.
External links
Photo Gallery of Evans Head
Towns in New South Wales
Northern Rivers
Coastal towns in New South Wales
Richmond Valley Council
Shadows and Faces () is a 2010 Turkish drama film, written and directed by Turkish Cypriot director Derviş Zaim, which tells the story of a young girl who is separated from their father, a Karagöz shadow play master, during the beginning of the conflict between Turks and Greeks in Cyprus in 1963. The film, which saw a nationwide general release across Turkey on , premiered in competition at the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, where it won the Turkish Film Critics Association Award. It is the third and final part of a trilogy of films themed around traditional Turkish arts, which includes Waiting for Heaven (2006) and Dot (2008).
Cast
Buğra Gülsoy as Ahmet
Settar Tanrıöğen as Cevdet
Cihan Tarıman as Rıza
Osman Alkaş as Veli
Popi Avraam as Anna
Konstantin Gavriel as Hristo
Ahmet Karabiber as Dimitri
Erol Refikoğlu as Karagözcü Salih
Ekrem Yücelten as Arif
Hazar Ergüçlü as Ruhsar
Pantelis Antonas as Greek Police Officer
Derviş Zaim as Turkish Cypriot Commander
Release
Festival screenings
47th Antalya "Golden Orange" International Film Festival (October 9–14, 2010)
Reception
Awards
47th Antalya "Golden Orange" International Film Festival (October 14, 2010): Turkish Film Critics Association (SİYAD) Award
References
External links
2010 drama films
2010 films
Films set in Cyprus
Films shot in Cyprus
Films directed by Derviş Zaim
Turkish drama films
The Buffalo Main Post Office in Buffalo, Wyoming was built in 1911 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Buffalo was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Buffalo Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Neoclassical architecture in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1911
Buildings and structures in Buffalo, Wyoming
Post office buildings in Wyoming
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
1911 establishments in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Johnson County, Wyoming
Sheykhlan (, also Romanized as Sheykhlān) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Express Non-Stop is the third studio album by Danish band Alphabeat. It was released on 24 September 2012 by Copenhagen Records. Unlike their two previous albums This is Alphabeat and The Spell, it was released solely in their native Denmark. Express Non-Stop reached number three on the Danish chart, though it spent only seven weeks, making it the band's least successful album to date. The first two singles from the album, "Vacation" and "Love Sea", were certified gold in Denmark.
Track listing
All tracks written and produced by Alphabeat.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Express Non-Stop.
Alphabeat
Alphabeat – production, recording
Anders Bønløkke – guitar
Stine Bramsen – vocals
Troels Møller – drums
Rasmus Nagel – keyboards
Anders Reinholdt – bass
Anders SG – vocals
Additional personnel
Thomas Brando – artwork
Jan Eliasson – mastering
Rasmus Weng Karlsen – photography
Mads Nilsson – mixing
Torben Ravn – product management
Charts
References
2012 albums
Alphabeat albums
is located in the Hidaka Mountains, Hokkaidō, Japan.
References
Geographical Survey Institute
Ruchishi
The Ningxia Campaign was a series of battles fought between the Nationalists and the Communists during the final months of the Chinese Civil War. It resulted in a Communist victory.
Order of battle
Nationalist order of battle:
Ningxia Corps was commanded personally by Ma Dunjing (马敦静)
11th Army was commanded by Ma Guangzong (马光宗)
128th Army was commanded by Lu Zhongliang (卢忠良)
Helan Army was commanded by Ma Quanliang (马全良)
81st Army was commanded by Ma Dunjing (马惇靖)
The following units were deployed in the beginning, but later on, did not participate in the fighting:
10th Cavalry Army was commanded by Ma Dunhou (马敦厚)
5th Cavalry Army was commanded by Ma Chengxiang (马呈祥)
100th Division was commanded by Tan Chenxiang (谭成祥)
190th Division was commanded by Ma Zhenwu (马振武)
248th Division was commanded by Han Youlu (韩有禄)
129th Army was commanded by Ma Buluan (马步銮)
287th Division was commanded by Ma Zhang (马漳)
357th Division was commanded by Yang Xiurong (杨修戎)
82nd Army was commanded by Ma Jiyuan (马继援)
14th Cavalry Brigade was commanded by Ma Chenxian (马成贤)
Communist order of battle:
XIX Corps was commanded by Yang Dezhi and the political commissar Li Zhimin (李志民)
63rd Army was commanded by Zheng Weishan (郑维山) and the political commissar Wang Zonghuai (王宗槐)
64th Army was commanded by Zen Siyu (曾思玉) and the political commissar Wang Zhao (王昭)
65th Army was commanded by the political commissar (王道帮) and the deputy commander Xiao Yingtang (肖应棠). The commander Qiu Wei (邱蔚) was ill and did not participate in the campaign.
Independent 1st Division of the Northwestern Military Region
Independent 2nd Division of the Northwestern Military Region
Prelude
After the defeat in the Lanzhou Campaign, Ningxia was no longer the concern of the Nationalist commander-in-chief of northwest China Ma Bufang, who was busy protecting their home base Qinghai. The nationalist deputy commander-in-chief of northwest China Ma Hongkui fled to Hong Kong via air, and left their son, Ma Dunjing (马敦静) in charge to make a last stand against the Communists. The Nationalists organized three lines of defense in the region and deployed over 160,000 troops for the campaign, but the Nationalist strategy was severely hampered by internal disagreements. Five out of the eight armies deployed were Ma Bufang's force, who were much more concerned about maintaining their own strength to retreat to and block the inevitable Communist advance on their home base in Qinghai. Consequently, Ma Bufang's force refused to take any orders from Ma Dunjing (马敦静) and never participated in the fighting, despite being deployed initially by Ma Dunjing (马敦静) under previous agreements between Ma Bufang and Ma Hongkui. As a result, only 75,000 Nationalist troops participated in the campaign, rendering the Nationalists unable to achieve numerical or technical superiority.
Campaign
The Communists launched their offensive on three fronts. By 14 September 1949, towns including Jingyuan (靖远), Tongxin (同心) and Zhongning (中宁) had fallen into communist hands. On 15 September 1949, the Nationalist 15th Cavalry Brigade guarding Jingtai (景泰) surrendered to the Communists. The main force of the Communist 63rd Army took Changle Bunker (Chang Le Bao, 常乐堡) to the south of Zhongwei (中卫) County on 16 September 1949, after completely destroying two regiments of the nationalist 81st Army. Meanwhile, the 188th Division of the communist 63rd Army approached Zhongwei (中卫) County from the west from Jingtai (景泰) on 17 September 1949, after passing through the Tengger Desert. The nationalist 81st Army was hard pressed from both south and west. Under heavy military and political pressure, Ma Hongbin, the nationalist deputy commander of Northwestern China, and their son Ma Dunjing (马惇靖, not the same person as Ma Hongkui's son, Ma Dunjing, 马敦静, the nationalist commander-in-chief of the Ningxia Corps), the commander of the Nationalist 81st Army defected to the Communist side on 19 September 1949. The 81st was subsequently reorganised by the Communists into the 2nd Northwestern Independent Army on 19 December 1949.
On 19 September 1949, the Communist 64th Army launched its offensive against Jingji (金积) and Lingwu, badly mauling the Nationalist 128th Army in the Jinji-Lingwu Campaign. By 21 September 1949, all three defensive lines organized by the Nationalists were completely destroyed. Ma Dunjing (马敦静) fled to Chongqing by air and the Ningxia Corps lost its commander. As a result, the nationalist 11th Army, the remnant of the 128th Army and the Helan (贺兰) Army disintegrated as the surviving Nationalist troops deserted en masse. On 24 September 1949, the communist XIX Corps entered Yinchuan without resistance and the campaign concluded with a Communist victory. The Nationalists lost over 40,000 of the original 75,000 troops, while the remaining deserted, and the Communist victory ended the 36-year rule of Ma clique in Ningxia, as well as overall Nationalist rule over the region.
See also
List of battles of the Chinese Civil War
National Revolutionary Army
History of the People's Liberation Army
Chinese Civil War
References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Liberation War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987,
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004,
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992,
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993,
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993 – 1997, (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)
Campaigns of the Chinese Civil War
History of Ningxia
The Eastside Transit Corridor is a planned light rail line that will connect Downtown Los Angeles with East Los Angeles. The project calls for extending the Los Angeles Metro E Line (currently the L (Eastside Gold) Line) from Atlantic station further east to Whittier.
Overview
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) has studied two alternative alignments for this extension. In 2015, Metro estimated the cost of both alignments of what was then known as the Gold Line Eastside Rail Extension at $6.0 billion (to be delivered in 2057). The plan included in the Measure M transportation funding measure is to build improvements in stages. In 2009, Metro published the Eastside Transit Corridor Phase 2 Final Alternatives Analysis Report, and in 2014 published a Draft Environmental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report. In February 2020, the Metro Board voted to eliminate the SR 60 alignment and combined alignment alternatives from consideration, and proceed only with the Washington Boulevard alternative of the project. (The SR 60 line may be considered for construction in the future.) Construction is scheduled to begin in 2029, with public service by 2035, though the project's timeline may be accelerated under the Twenty-eight by '28 initiative.
Metro plans to merge the portion of the L (Gold) Line east of Downtown Los Angeles into the E Line (which will then use the gold color instead of aqua on maps) upon completion of the Regional Connector in 2022. This will allow a one seat ride for travelers as far west as Santa Monica, with transfers to other lines at downtown stations.
Proposed routings and modes
The Transit Corridor Project was originally proposed as a light rail route along Washington Boulevard. Metro studied three alternatives during its Initial Operating Study: along California State Route 60, the original concept to Whittier, and a project that built both routings. The combined routes would have served the communities of Montebello, Commerce, Pico Rivera, Monterey Park, South El Monte, South San Gabriel, Rosemead, Santa Fe Springs and Whittier in the east side of the county. All alternatives begin at the Gold Line's Atlantic Station and head east.
Metro ruled out the SR 60 Freeway and combined alternative, leaving just the Washington Boulevard alternative for further consideration and study. A new maintenance yard is included as part of the extension.
During the Initial Operating Segment study, Metro concluded that Alternative 1 and 3 would interfere with future SR 60 expansions. Metro would have to buy selective property, remove homes needed for a maintenance facility yard as no large vacant lots were found. In February 2020, Metro staff recommended Alternative 2, removing the route along the SR 60 freeway (Alternative one) from further consideration therefore also eliminating Alternative three in the process. Metro will focus on further studying and building the Washington Boulevard alternative.
Route selection: Alternative 2
References
External links
Eastside Transit Corridor Phase 2
Measure R
Transportation in Los Angeles
Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority
Los Angeles Metro Rail projects
Public transportation in Los Angeles
Public transportation in Los Angeles County, California
Proposed railway lines in California
2035 in rail transport
This is the discography of George S. Clinton.
Films
Clinton, George S.
Mohamad Noor bin Dawoo is a Malaysian politician. They have been the Member of Perak State Legislative Assembly for Selinsing since 2018.
Education
They went to SK Seri Pinang, SMK Muzaffar Shah, SMK Doktor Burhannuddin and Lembah Pantai College.  They are also a Bachelor in Humanities Studies of USM.
Election result
References
External links
Malaysian politicians
Malaysian Muslims
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is a timeline of incidents in 1985 that have been labeled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1985
1985
1985
Terr
Hen Bentref Llandegfan, often referred to by its shortened name the old village locally is a village in the community of Cwm Cadnant, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 128.9 miles (207.5 km) from Cardiff and 207.8 miles (334.3 km) from London. It is near Llandegfan.
"Hen Bentref" in Welsh means "the old village".
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Le Propre de l'homme is a 1960 film directed by Claude Lelouch.
Synopsis
Claude and Janine get to know each other through friends. They spend a day in Paris and they become a couple.
An exploration of the formation of a couple from both points of view.
Details
Director : Claude Lelouch
Music : Ian Bennets, Pete Watson, Alex Campbell
Length: 90 minutes
Release date: 8 March 1961
Starring
Claude Lelouch : Claude
Janine Magnan : Janine
Amidou
Details
This was the first full-length film by Claude Lelouch, and was a complete commercial disaster. All copies were later destroyed by Lelouch himself.
External links
DVDtoile page
French films
1960 films
Films directed by Claude Lelouch
1960s French films
The Western Association of Physicians (WAP) is a regional health association of academic physician-scientists. It was founded in 1955 by Robert Williams, the Chair of the Department of Medicine at the University of Washington, and other eminent physicians with the aim of establishing a western society analogous to the Association of American Physicians. Along with Williams, the founders of the WAP were Maxwell Wintrobe, Theodore Althausen, Joseph Ross, Clement Finch, David A. Rytand, John Lawrence, and Gordon Meiklejohn.
Over the years the society has grown to a membership of several hundred, including many distinguished academicians from diverse areas of medicine.
Officers
President: Wes Van Voorhis, Division Head, Allergy & ID, Department of Medicine, Univ of WA
President-Elect: Joshua Goldhaber, Cedars Sinai Heart Institute
Secretary-Treasurer: Mary Malloy, UCSF
Councilor: E. Dale Able, Univ. of Utah
Councilor: Gregory Brent, Endocrinology and Diabetes Division, VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System
Councilor: Ravi Durvasula, University of New Mexico, School of Medicine
Councilor: Jeffrey Glenn, Stanford School of Medicine Digestive Disease Center
Ex Officio: David Gilbert, Providence Medical Center, Portland
Past-President: Carlin Long, Denver Health Medical Center
Annual Meeting
The Western Association of Physicians meets annually in Carmel, California, to discuss and present research and other educational programs. Through 2016, the event was called the Western Regional Meeting; starting in 2017, it became the Western Medical Research Conference (WMRC), in partnership with other regional medical societies. The conference is held in late January.
References
External links
Western Association of Physicians, official website.
Medical associations based in the United States
Organizations established in 1955
Medical and health organizations based in Washington (state)
1955 establishments in Washington (state)
Pseudolycopodium is a genus of lycophyte in the family Lycopodiaceae with only one species, Pseudolycopodium densum, known as the bushy clubmoss. In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), the genus is placed in the subfamily Lycopodioideae. Some sources do not recognize the genus, sinking it into Lycopodium. Pseudolycopodium densum is native to Australia, the North Island of New Zealand and New Caledonia. It is a spore-bearing vascular plant and grows up to a metre high. It is found in a wide variety of situations, often in high rainfall areas on sandy soils.
Taxonomy
The species was first described in 1807 by Jacques Labillardière, as Lycopodium densum. However, the name had already been used for a different species, so this name is illegitimate. Hence when Werner Rothmaler in 1944 placed the species in the genus Lepidotis as Lepidotis densa, this was the first legitimate use of the epithet. In 1983, Josef Holub placed the species in their genus Pseudolycopodium. This placement is accepted in the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), and by the Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World . Other sources retain the species in its original genus, Lycopodium, where the legitimate name is Lycopodium deuterodensum Herter.
Distribution and habitat
Pseudolycopodium (as Lycopodium deuterodensum) grows in open forest, scrub or heath in eastern New South Wales, southern Victoria, Tasmania (including Bass Strait Islands, Queensland, South Australia the North and Chatham Islands of New Zealand and in New Caledonia.
References
Lycopodiaceae
Lycophyte genera
Monotypic plant genera
Tennessee Pass elevation is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States. The pass was named after Tennessee, the native state of a group of early prospectors.
Route
The pass traverses the Continental Divide north of Leadville in a gap between the northern end of the Sawatch Range to the west and the northern end of the Mosquito Range to the east. It connects the headwaters of the Arkansas River to the south with the upper valley of the Eagle River (in the watershed of the Colorado River) to the north. The pass is traversed by U.S. Highway 24, allowing access between Leadville and Interstate 70 in the Eagle Valley. The pass has a gentle approach on both sides with few steep gradients and no major hairpin curves. The summit of the pass is nearly level. The road over the pass is generally open all year round, easily negotiable by most vehicles, and closes only during severe winter storms.
The summit of the pass is the location of Ski Cooper, a ski area in the San Isabel National Forest operated by permit from the United States Forest Service. Most of the area is above the tree line, providing a panoramic view of the peaks of the Sawatch Range to visitors. The area was formerly a World War II training ground for United States Army troops of the 10th Mountain Division from nearby Camp Hale. A memorial to troops of the division is located at the summit of the pass.
Railroad line
The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad constructed a narrow gauge railroad over Tennessee Pass in 1881 as part of its extension to the Aspen area in order to beat the Colorado Midland's standard gauge route to the rich mining area. In 1890, a new standard gauge line was built from Pueblo, to Grand Junction, and jointly with the Colorado Midland Railway, a tunnel was constructed about below the summit. In 1945, the old Tennessee Pass Tunnel was replaced by a newer tunnel. In recent times, the Rio Grande's Tennessee Pass line was the highest active mainline railroad mountain pass in the United States. The line, now owned by the Union Pacific (UP), is currently out of use but the tracks remain in place.
Once the Moffat Tunnel and Dotsero Cutoff were constructed, the line through Tennessee Pass became a secondary route. The Moffat Tunnel route had a maximum grade of 2%. The west side of the Tennessee Pass route has grades up to 3%. However, the east side of the Tennessee Pass has a maximum grade of only 1.4%.
The Denver & Rio Grande's acquisition by Southern Pacific (SP) in 1988 made Tennessee Pass once again the preferred transcontinental route. SP had a central route from California through to Kansas via Donner Pass, Tennessee Pass and trackage rights on the former Missouri Pacific route from Pueblo, Colorado into Kansas. The Moffat Tunnel route was kept in use.
In 1996, UP bought Southern Pacific. UP preferred the Moffat Tunnel for routing traffic. The last revenue train went over the Tennessee Pass on August 23, 1997. Soon after UP ran this last train, they applied to the Surface Transportation Board for permission to abandon the line.
Currently, the line is not of much use as the former Missouri Pacific line to Pueblo has been partially abandoned so trains would have to travel from Denver south to Pueblo before heading west.
The of the Tennessee Pass line through the Royal Gorge is currently operated by the Royal Gorge Route Railroad, who operates excursion trains out of Cañon City.
On July 10, 2012, part of the old tunnel collapsed, creating a sinkhole that damaged U.S. Highway 24 and forced its temporary closure between Redcliff and Leadville. The newer tunnel was not damaged.
A report released by the Colorado Department of Transportation on September 4, 2014 stated the following about the line:
''"...The Tennessee Pass line has been identified as significant to CDOT because of its potential to carry both passengers and
freight, and because it is the only existing trans-mountain alternative in Colorado to the
Moffat Tunnel line, which often runs near capacity. The Tennessee Pass Line may be
able to be used as an alternate route as trans-mountain rail demand grows due to
increased development on the Western Slope or if the Moffat Tunnel were damaged or
closed for any reason. Such an event would have a significant impact on Colorado,
particularly on the Western Slope, since the railroads would be forced to move freight
through Wyoming. The Royal Gorge Route Railroad currently offers scenic, tourist rail
trips on 12 miles of the Tennessee Pass Line west of Cañon City. No freight has been
shipped on the Tennessee Pass Line since 1997.
Union Pacific began actively discussing the sale of the line to Colorado Pacific in 2019, for an amount of $10 million. However, Colorado Pacific wanted to pay only the $8.8 million that the line was valued at. After a long battle in court, the ICC declared that they would not force a sale, but if other evidence was found, Colorado Pacific could re-file the report. , Colorado Pacific attempted another forced sale, this time saying they'll run passenger/excursion service over the route. Union Pacific responded by stating they were in active negotiations for Rio Grande Pacific to operate the line and were opposed to Colorado Pacific's bid. On December 31, 2020 Rio Grande Pacific subsidiary Colorado, Midland & Pacific Railway Company, announced it had entered in an agreement with Union Pacific to explore reopening, leasing and operating the line for both potential commuter and freight services.
Water diversion
Tennessee Pass is the location of the first transbasin diversion project to move water from the Colorado River Basin over the continental divide to the Arkansas River. The Ewing Placer Ditch (or just Ewing Ditch) was constructed in 1880 and remains in use. It transfers water from Piney Creek east of the pass, a tributary of the Eagle River over the pass to the head of Tennessee Creek. The ditch may have originally been used to provide water for placer mining, but the Otero Canal Company used the water for irrigation before selling the ditch to the Pueblo Board of Water Works in 1955. The ditch has a capacity of and in an average year diverts approximately .
A second ditch was constructed at Tennessee pass in 1929, the Wurts Ditch. This was built by William Wurts to provide irrigation water, but Pueblo purchased this ditch in 1938, and in 1953, they extended the ditch another westward along the south flank of the Eagle River valley. After extension, the ditch has a capacity of and diverts an average of about of water.
See also
Treasure: In Search of the Golden Horse
References
Rail mountain passes of the United States
Mountain passes of Colorado
Landforms of Lake County, Colorado
Landforms of Eagle County, Colorado
U.S. Route 24
Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Transportation buildings and structures in Lake County, Colorado
Transportation buildings and structures in Eagle County, Colorado
Railroad tunnels in Colorado
Witwicki is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Janusz Witwicki (1903–1946), Polish architect and art historian
Stefan Witwicki (1801–1847), Polish poet
Władysław Witwicki (1878–1948), Polish psychologist, philosopher, translator and artist
Polish-language surnames
"She's Gonna Win Your Heart" is a song written by Billy Burnette and Mentor Williams, and recorded by American country music artist Eddy Raven. It was released in November 1984 as the third single from the album I Could Use Another You. The song reached #9 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Chart performance
References
1984 singles
Eddy Raven songs
Song recordings produced by Paul Worley
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Billy Burnette
Songs written by Mentor Williams
1984 songs
Niagara News TV (NNTV) was a Canadian English language regional category 2 digital cable specialty channel. Niagara News TV was a news and information television service for the Niagara Region. In addition to operating on cable, the service also planned on streaming on the Internet, although those plans never materialized.
While it was originally set to launch on November 10, 2010 under the name Niagara Now TV, the launch date had been pushed back to sometime in the winter of 2010/2011; later confirmed as February 7, 2011 and a name change to Niagara News TV.
The channel suspended operations on April 18, 2011 due to "technical difficulties" cited by company president Frank Thibault. Although there were plans to bring operations back by fall 2011, the channel did not begin operations as planned. Upon suspending operations, viewers were initially prompted with a screen with weather graphics and a news ticker when they turned to the channel number on Cogeco cable, the only television provider who carried the channel, although this has since ended.
References
24-hour television news channels in Canada
Television channels and stations established in 2011
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2011
Digital cable television networks in Canada
Defunct Canadian television channels
Mass media in St. Catharines
2011 establishments in Ontario
2011 disestablishments in Ontario
Defunct mass media in Ontario
Martina Englhardt-Kopf (born 8 June 1981) is a German politician for the CSU and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Englhardt-Kopf was born in 1981 in the West German town of Schwandorf and is since 2021 member of the Bundestag.
References
Living people
1981 births
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
21st-century German women politicians
Female members of the Bundestag
People from Schwandorf (district)
The Russian Third League 1994 was the first time the competition of the fourth level of Russian football was professional. There were six zones with 105 teams starting the competition in total (8 of them were excluded before the end of the season).
Zone 1
Overview
Standings
Notes:
FC Kolos-2 Krasnodar were excluded from the league after playing 25 games. The opponents were awarded a win in the remaining games.
FC Urartu Grozny renamed to FC Gigant Grozny. Gigant was excluded from the league after playing 18 games. The opponents were awarded a win in the remaining games. Gigant did not play in national competitions in 1995 due to First Chechen War.
FC Druzhba Budyonnovsk was excluded from the league after playing 15 games. The opponents were awarded a win in the remaining games, except for the game against FC Gigant Grozny, in which both teams were awarded a loss. Druzhba did not play in national competitions in 1995.
FC Khimik Belorechensk were excluded from the league after playing 14 games. All the results of their games were discarded. Khimik did not play in national competitions in 1995.
FC Iriston Vladikavkaz were awarded 2 home wins.
FC Niva Slavyansk-na-Kubani, FC Kuban Slavyansk-na-Kubani and FC Spartak Alagir were awarded 1 home win each.
FC Argo Kaspiysk were awarded 1 home loss and 1 home win.
FC Mashuk Pyatigorsk renamed to FC Energiya.
FC Kuban Barannikovsky moved to Slavyansk-na-Kubani.
FC Asmaral Kislovodsk renamed to FC Olimp.
FC Kaspiy Kaspiysk renamed to FC Argo.
FC Iriston Mozdok and FC Spartak Alagir promoted from the Amateur Football League.
FC Dynamo-d Stavropol played their first professional season.
FC Uralan-d Elista converted from FC Baysachnr Elista.
FC Lokomotiv Mineralnye Vody did not play on the national level in 1993.
Top goalscorers
22 goals
Nikolay Komlichenko (FC Niva Slavyansk-na-Kubani)
21 goals
Yevgeni Likhachyov (FC Avtozapchast Baksan)
17 goals
Arif Romanov (FC Olimp Kislovodsk)
14 goals
Oleg Alyoshin (FC Kuban Slavyansk-na-Kubani)
Vladimir Grishchenko (FC Slavyansk Slavyansk-na-Kubani)
Oleg Kozemov (FC Energiya Pyatigorsk)
Abilfez Madanov (FC Energiya Pyatigorsk)
13 goals
Aleksandr Durnev (FC Beshtau Lermontov)
12 goals
Andrei Stepanov (FC Torpedo Armavir)
11 goals
Giya Chokhonelidze (FC Kolos-2 Krasnodar)
Aleksei Kozlov (FC Dynamo-d Stavropol)
Zone 2
Overview
Standings
Notes:
FC Kristall Dyatkovo were promoted from the Amateur Football League. Kristall were excluded from the league after playing 24 games. The opponents were awarded a win in the remaining games.
FC Ingushetiya Nazran were awarded 9 home wins.
FC Khimik Dankov were promoted from the Amateur Football League. They returned to that level after the season.
FC Kolos Bykovo were promoted from the Amateur Football League. They did not participate in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Ingushetiya Nazran and FC Spartak-Bratskiy Yuzhny played their first professional season.
FC Avangard Kamyshin did not participate in any national-level competitions in 1995.
Top goalscorers
23 goals
Yevgeni Kuzka (FC Khimik Dankov)
18 goals
Viktor Kontsevenko (FC Shakhtyor Shakhty)
17 goals
Valeri Klimov (FC Oryol)
16 goals
Konstantin Boyko (FC Istochnik Rostov-on-Don)
14 goals
Yuri Sirota (FC Atommash Volgodonsk)
13 goals
Andrei Anisimov (FC Volgar Astrakhan)
12 goals
Mikhail Sukhorukov (FC Avangard Kursk)
11 goals
Vitali Ivanov (FC Kolos Bykovo)
10 goals
Yuri Aksenov (FC Rotor-d Volgograd)
Sergei Dogunkov (FC Volgar Astrakhan)
Kamil Ferkhanov (FC Turbostroitel Kaluga)
Oleg Popov (FC Avangard Kamyshin)
Otari Pruidze (FC Volgar Astrakhan)
Zone 3
Overview
Standings
Notes:
FC Asmaral-d Moscow were excluded from the league after playing 33 games. The opponents were awarded a win in the remaining games.
FC Don Novomoskovsk and FC Dynamo-2 Moscow were awarded 1 home wins each.
PFC CSKA-d Moscow, FC Kosmos Dolgoprudny and FC Oka Kolomna were awarded 1 home loss each.
FC Spartak-d Moscow were not promoted to the Second League as they were the reserve team of FC Spartak Moscow and reserve teams were not eligible for promotion.
FC Avtomobilist Noginsk, FC Rossiya Moscow and FC Mashinostroitel Sergiyev Posad promoted from the Amateur Football League.
PFC CSKA-2 Moscow and FC Rekord Aleksandrov did not participate in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Viktor-Gigant Voskresensk renamed to FC Gigant. FC Gigant did not participate in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Kosmos-Kvest Dolgoprudny renamed to FC Kosmos.
FC SUO Moscow renamed to FC Chertanovo.
Top goalscorers
30 goals
Andrey Movsisyan (FC Spartak-d Moscow)
28 goals
Aleksandr Antonov (FC Spartak Shchyolkovo)
26 goals
Rashid Gallakberov (FC Saturn Ramenskoye)
24 goals
Aleksei Kutsenko (FC Dynamo-d Moscow)
23 goals
Aleksandr Drozdov (FC Torgmash Lyubertsy)
Andrey Tikhonov (FC Spartak-d Moscow)
22 goals
Sergei Gavrilin (FC Kosmos Dolgoprudny)
21 goals
Andrei Bulanov (FC Torpedo-MKB Mytishchi)
Igor Reutov (FC Avtomobilist Noginsk)
Igor Voronin (FC Mosenergo Moscow)
Zone 4
Overview
Standings
Notes:
FC Vest Kaliningrad were excluded from the league after playing 11 games. All the results of their games were discarded. FC Vest did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Zenit-d St. Petersburg were excluded from the league after playing 10 games. All the results of their games were discarded.
FC Khimik Koryazhma promoted from the Amateur Football League. Khimik did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Baltika-d Kaliningrad played their first professional season. Baltika-d did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Neftyanik Yaroslavl and FC Metallurg Pikalyovo promoted from the Amateur Football League.
Top goalscorers
24 goals
Valeri Solyanik (FC Kristall Smolensk)
14 goals
Vladimir Ivanov (FC Gatchina)
11 goals
Sergei Rybakov (FC Gatchina)
10 goals
Pavel Barankov (FC Kristall Smolensk)
Aleksei Gudkov (FC Kristall Smolensk)
Vladimir Vasilyev (FC Mashinostroitel Pskov)
8 goals
Igor Aksyonov (FC Neftyanik Yaroslavl)
Sergei Grabazdin (FC Volochanin Vyshny Volochyok)
Maksim Olkhovik (FC Iskra Smolensk)
Yuri Sokolov (FC Mashinostroitel Pskov)
Zone 5
Overview
Standings
Notes:
FC Astrateks Astrakhan awarded 2 home wins.
FC Salyut Saratov awarded 1 home win.
FC Sokol-d Saratov was not promoted as it was a reserves team of FC Sokol Saratov and reserve teams were not eligible for promotion. It played their first professional season and did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Zarya Krotovka moved to Samara and renamed to FC Yudzhin. Yudzhin did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC Kristall Sergach and FC Metallurg Vyksa played their first professional seasons.
FC Salyut Saratov and FC Neftyanik Pokhvistnevo promoted from the Amateur Football League.
FC Khimik Uvarovo did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
Top goalscorers
18 goals
Dmitri Yemelyanov (FC SKD Samara)
15 goals
Zurab Tsiklauri (FC SKD Samara)
14 goals
Dmitri Borisko (FC SKD Samara)
13 goals
Yuri Telyushov (FC Zenit Penza)
Vyacheslav Ulitin (FC Zenit Penza)
12 goals
Oleg Sofonov (FC Torpedo Pavlovo)
Vadim Zhukovskiy (FC Yudzhin Samara)
11 goals
Vladimir Anisimov (FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk)
Oleg Gordeyev (FC Yudzhin Samara)
Sergei Khokhlov (FC Salyut Saratov)
Valeri Makarov (FC Tekstilshchik Isheyevka)
Zone 6
Overview
Standings
Notes:
FC Sibir Kurgan and FC Gornyak Kachkanar awarded 1 home win each.
FC KDS Samrau Ufa renamed to FC Estel.
FC Uralmash-d Yekaterinburg played their first professional season.
FC Trubnik Kamensk-Uralsky promoted from the Amateur Football League.
FC Khimik Meleuz promoted from the Amateur Football League. Khimik did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
FC KamAZavtotsentr Naberezhnye Chelny did not play in any national-level competitions in 1995.
Top goalscorers
19 goals
Vladimir Naydanov (FC Sibir Kurgan)
16 goals
Eduard Rakhmangulov (FC Estel Ufa)
15 goals
Albert Gubaydulin (FC Sodovik Sterlitamak)
Vitali Lazin (FC Zenit Izhevsk)
14 goals
Aleksandr Muzyka (FC Uralmash-d Yekaterinburg)
Sergei Sviridkin (FC Gazovik Orenburg)
Oleg Yeryomin (FC Estel Ufa)
13 goals
Oleg Dudlya (FC Gornyak Kachkanar)
12 goals
Vyacheslav Suspitsin (FC Gazovik Orenburg)
10 goals
Oleg Vladimirov (FC Energiya Chaikovsky)
See also
1994 Russian Top League
1994 Russian First League
1994 Russian Second League
4
1994
Russia
Russia
These are the official results of the athletics competition at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games which was held from 12 to 16 November 2011 in Palembang, Indonesia.
Men's events
Track
100 metres
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 12, 09:00
Wind: -0.8 m/s
Heat 2
November 12, 09:05
FINAL
November 12, 18:30
Wind: +2.1 m/s
200 metres
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 14, 07:30
Wind: -1.4 m/s
Heat 2
November 14, 07:35
Wind: -1.4 m/s
FINAL
November 14, 18:40
Wind: +1.7 m/s
400 metres
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 12, 20:05
Heat 2
November 12, 20:10
FINAL
November 13, 19:30
800 m
November 15, 18:45
1500 m
November 13, 20:00
Malaysia's Mohd Jironi Riduan finished third in the 1500 m but was disqualified for pulling on another athlete's shirt.
5000 m
November 15, 18:00
10000 m
November 13, 18:00
110 m hurdles
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 13, 08:45
Heat 2
November 13, 08:50
FINAL
November 13, 18:45
Wind: +0.7 m/s
400 m hurdles
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 14, 18:00
Heat 2
November 14, 08:05
FINAL
November 15, 17:30
3000 metre Steeplechases
Records
November 12, 19.35
FINAL
4x100 metres
Records
November 15, 19:20
4x400 metres
Records
November 14, 20:00
Field events
High jump
Records
November 14, 18:00
Pole vault
November 12 - FINAL
FINAL
Discus throw
Records
November 12, 08.30
FINAL
Women's events
Track events
100 metres
Records
FINAL
November 12, 18:15
Wind: +1.7 m/s
200 metres
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 14, 08:00
Heat 2
November 14, 08:05
FINAL
November 14, 18:40
Wind: +1.4 m/s
400 metres
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 12, 19:50
Heat 2
November 12, 19:55
FINAL
November 13, 19:15
800 metres
Records
November 15, 18:30
1500 metres
Records
November 13, 20:15
5000 metres
Records
November 14, 18:20
10000 metres
Records
November 12, 17:30
100 m hurdles
Records
Round 1
Qualification rule: The first there finishers in each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times of those who finished four or lower in their heat (q) qualified.
Heat 1
November 13, 09:00
Heat 2
November 13, 09:05
FINAL
November 13, 19:00
400 m hurdles
Records
November 15, 17:45
3000 metre steeplechases
Records
November 12–19.15
FINAL
4x100 metres
Records
November 15, 19:40
4x400 metres
Records
November 14, 19:40
Marathon
Records
November 16, 05:30
20 km walk
Records
November 13, 06:00
Field events
High jump
Records
November 13, 18.00
Pole vault
Records
November 15, 17.30
Long jump
Records
Triple jump
Records
November 14, 19.30
Shot put
Records
November 14, 19.20
Discus throw
Records
November 15, 18.30
Hammer throw
Records
November 12, 17.00
Javelin throw
Records
November 13, 18.00
Heptathlon
Records
100 m hurdles
November 14, 07:00
High Jump
November 14, 08:30
Shot Put
November 14, 18:00
200 metres
November 14, 19:20
Wind: 1.2 m/s
Long jump
November 15, 16:00
Javelin throw
November 15, 17:30
800 metres
November 15, 19:00
OVERALL RESULTS
The final results of the event are in the following table.
References
Athletics results
Southeast Asian Games
2011 results
Villa Il Palagio is a villa and farm estate in Figline Valdarno, in the province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany. The estate has belonged to the musician Sting and their wife Trudie Styler since the late 1990s.
History
Il Palagio was built in the 17th century. In the late 18th century it was bought by the wealthy Martelli family. They sold it in 1819 to Countess Carlotta Barbolani of Montauto, the widow of the Duke of San Clemente and it remained in this family's hands for some 150 years. In the early 20th century, Duke Simone Vincenzo Velluti Zati di San Clemente was responsible for building an oil mill and grain store and beginning to produce wine in its vineyards. A chapel was added in 1958.
The estate was purchased by Sting and their wife Trudie Styler in 1999. When the couple bought the villa it was in a state of disrepair and they hired architect Arabella Lennox-Boyd to carry out a full restoration of the estate, which took seven years. On 11 September 2001, Sting and a large ensemble of musicians recorded the live album All This Time at the villa on the same day at the September 11 terrorist attacks. Sting's song "Fragile" was dedicated the victims of the attacks. In 2009, winter photography of the grounds covered in snow was taken for Sting's album release that year, If on a Winter's Night.... Both that and their 2006 album Songs from the Labyrinth were written at the estate. The second phase of rehearsals for The Police Reunion Tour took place over the course of four weeks at the estate in the spring of 2007. Sting and Trudie often host parties and private concerts for friends and family at Il Palagio.
Features
The villa was built in the 16th-century Tuscan style and the estate contains four guesthouses and two annexes to the main villa, which can accommodate up to 50 guests, and up to 500 guests for wedding receptions and parties. The estate has a life-size chessboard, a treehouse overlooking a lake, a chapel and a giant statue of Buddha, a yoga centre, a tennis court, and a swimming pool.
Produce
The estate, of some 350 hectares, is run by Paolo Rossi and their brother Joe who is the head chef. Gluten-free breads and pizzas are on the menu. The estate is a producer of wine, honey, cherries, apricots, peaches and olive oil. It has been making organic olive oil since 1999. As of 2014, the estate produces six different wines.
References
Villas in Tuscany
Farms in Italy
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan City of Florence
Werner Bleiner (born 26 May 1946) is an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and 1972 Winter Olympics.
External links
Les-Sports.info
1946 births
Living people
Austrian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
The Brabham BT15 is a mid-engined open-wheel Formula 3 racing car, designed, developed, and built by Brabham between 1965 and 1966. 26 cars were built (though the records say 32 extra cars were built; this may be an error). It was powered by a naturally aspirated, , Ford straight-four engine (the same type of engine used in the Ford Anglia).
References
Open wheel racing cars
Brabham racing cars
Formula Three cars
1960s cars
Cars of England
Eun-sook, also spelled Eun-suk, Un-sook or Un-suk, is a Korean feminine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 26 hanja with the reading "eun" and 13 hanja with the reading "sook" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Sunwoo Eun-sook (born 1959), South Korean actor
Unsuk Chin (born 1961), South Korean composer
Choi Eun-suk (born 1963), South Korean cyclist
Kim Eun-sook (basketball) (born 1963), South Korean former basketball player
Jo Eun-sook (born 1970), South Korean actor
Kim Eun-sook (born 1973), South Korean screenwriter
Phyo Un-suk (born 1981), North Korean long-distance runner
Choi Eun-sook (born 1986), South Korean épée fencer
Yoo Eun-sook, South Korean voice actor
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Korean feminine given names
Karl Andreas Larsen Vefring (1822 - 1895) was a Norwegian politician.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1865, representing the constituency of Nordre Bergenhus Amt. They worked as a farmer there. They were re-elected in 1871 and 1877.
References
1822 births
1895 deaths
Members of the Storting
Sogn og Fjordane politicians
Across the southern highlands of Mars, approximately 640 sites of chloride-bearing deposits have been identified using the Thermal Emission Imaging System (THEMIS). These isolated, irregularly shaped patches (approximate size range of 0.33 – 1300 km2, with an average size of 24 km2) have been dated to the older geologic periods on Mars: Noachian (4.5 – 3.5 billion years ago) and Hesperian (3.5 – 2.9 billion years ago) periods. On Earth, chlorides are known to form through aqueous processes. Similar processes are expected to be responsible for the formation of chloride deposits on Mars. The finding of these deposits is significant in that it provides further evidence for the presence of surface or subsurface water in ancient Mars.
Importance of chlorides
Chlorides contain the anion Cl− and are soluble in water, meaning they provide evidence of past aqueous processes, which helps to constrain the type of environment at a particular region. On Earth, two main processes form chlorides: efflorescence and precipitation. Whereas on Earth these minerals are formed in more alkaline environments, the minerals on Mars form from more acidic fluids and the processes are connected to basaltic weathering. The key similarity between the formation of chlorides on the two planets is the presence of water. This is important because water is essential to life on Earth, and therefore drives the search for evidence of life on other planets. Chlorides are of particular interest because of their potential to preserve a biological signature through chemical sedimentation. In addition, their presence throughout the entire southern hemisphere of Mars suggests their formation have been an important process to the early history of Mars.
Methods for identification
The chloride salts were identified using THEMIS onboard the 2001 Mars Odyssey orbiter. The spectrum acquired from THEMIS shows a featureless slope over the wavenumber range of ~672 to 1475 cm−1. Few things describe this spectrally distinct feature, and thus has been concluded to be the result of chloride-bearing deposits. One such supporting terrestrial example is the identification of halite in Death Valley by instruments in the same wavelength as THEMIS. Further investigation of these deposits using the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) showed the features to be light-toned and irregularly shaped fractures overlying small, degraded craters. Spectra from the Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer (CRISM) on MRO was also used for comparison in lab experiments to explain the featureless slope observed in the THEMIS data. Known minerals on Earth were tested to see if they reproduced the same distinct THEMIS spectra. Pyrite was determined to not be a possible match for the mineral deposits on Mars. Flood basalt mixtures containing halite reproduced the spectra in some instances, reinforcing the conclusion that this THEMIS spectra, and thus the deposits, are chloride. However, the most definitive evidence that these are in fact chloride deposits will come from in situ observations on the Martian surface.
Terra Sirenum
Terra Sirenum is a region in the southern highlands of Mars (approximately at 38.8°S, 221°E), with a distinguishing feature of a higher brightness as compared to the typical background soils. It is of particular interest because it is the location of the largest regional occurrence of chlorides. One study has interpreted six regions of chloride deposits (10 – 50 km2) in the lowest topographical levels of an inter-crater basin (300 – 400 km) as individual salt flats. Connecting channels between the salt flats provides evidence for a common origin, such as evaporation of water. Comparing these salt flats to ones observed on Earth, such as those in the Atacama Desert further supports the hypothesis of a formation due to evaporation.
Using CRISM data, this study also observed phyllosilicates in the rims of craters and the surrounding ejecta to occur near the chlorides. Another study also observed phyllosilicates to be closely located to chlorides with CRISM, as well as THEMIS. Phyllosilicates also provide evidence for aqueous processes occurring during the Noachian period.
Both studies determined that the phyllosilicates were deposited first.
See also
Mineralogy of Mars
References
Geology of Mars
Niklas Vesterlund (born 6 June 1999) is a Danish football defender who plays for Tromsø IL.
References
1999 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Trelleborgs FF players
Tromsø IL players
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Superettan players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Kot Badal Khan is a village in Phillaur in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarters and from district headquarters. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography
, The village has a total number of 509 houses and the population of 2600 of which 1341 are males while 1259 are females. According to the report published by Census India in 2011, out of the total population of the village 1026 people are from Schedule Caste and the village does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
See also
List of villages in India
References
External links
Tourism of Punjab
Census of Punjab
Villages in Jalandhar district
Littran is a village in Nakodar. Nakodar is a tehsil in the district Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab.
Relation to other villages
It is connected to Addhi Khuyi which lies in the south of Nakodar and Nurmahal. Littran is almost 425 kilometres from New Delhi and approximately 120 kilometres from Amritsar.
See also
Harbans Singh Jandu or Jandu Littranwala, Indian musician
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Nakodar tehsil
Jake Moody (born c. 1999) is an American football placekicker for the Michigan Wolverines. They won the 2021 Lou Groza Award and was the consensus first-team placekicker on the 2021 college football All-America team.
Early years
Moody attended Northville High School in Northville, Michigan. They played both football and baseball (as a third baseman) at Northville High.
University of Michigan
Moody committed to Michigan in February 2018. They initially committed without a scholarship but was put on scholarship in June 2018.
As a true first-year student in 2018, Moody set a Michigan single-game record with six field goals in a 31-20 victory over Indiana. In April 2020, they set a personal record in practice with a 69-yard field goal.
2021 season
As a senior in 2021, they successfully converted 22 of 24 field goal attempts and 56 of 56 extra point kicks. They kicked a career-long 52-yard field goal against Washington on September 11, 2021. They also kicked a game-winning field goal in the fourth quarter against Nebraska on October 9. Their 122 points led the 2021 Michigan Wolverines football team in scoring. They were named the 2021 Bakken–Andersen Big Ten Kicker of the Year and Lou Groza Award winner.
References
External links
Michigan Wolverines bio
2000 births
Living people
American football placekickers
Michigan Wolverines football players
People from Northville, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
All-American college football players
Ellis Rubin is an American actor.  They are known for playing a young P. T. Barnum in the 2017 film The Greatest Showman.
Career
Rubin made their acting debut in the 2017 American musical biographical drama film The Greatest Showman. They played a young P. T. Barnum in the movie. They appeared in the 2017 television film Linda from HR. They played Victor in the 2019 romantic comedy film Ode to Joy. They also appeared in an episode of the American television comedy series The Last O.G. as Aaron.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
American actors
2004 births
Colpomenia peregrina, sometimes referred to by its vernacular names oyster thief and bladder weed, is a species of brown seaweed.
This species is native to the Eastern Pacific Ocean, but has been introduced to other areas. It was first noticed in Europe in 1906 on oyster beds. It has now been recorded throughout the eastern north Atlantic, from Norway and Sweden to Portugal. It was first recorded in Britain in 1908 and in Ireland in 1934.
Description
Colpomenia peregrina (syn. Colpomenia sinuosa (Mertens ex Roth) Derbès et Solier var. peregrina Sauvageau) is a small brown alga, bladder-like, hollow and membranous, up to 9 cm across. The surface is thin and smooth but often collapsed or torn when older. Olive brown in colour and attached by rhizoidal filaments to rock at the base.
There are two species in Europe: C. sinuosa (Mert.) Derb. & Sol. and C. peregrina (Sauvageau) Hamel. C. sinuosa was present at least as far back as the 1840s in Spain, and C.peregrina was introduced and first noticed by oyster fishermen in the Bay of Biscay in 1906. It was first noticed in Britain in 1907 in Cornwall and Dorset.
The two species are superficially similar and in older texts, such as Knight and Parke (1931),<ref name="Knight and Park 31">Knight, M. and Parke, M.W. 1931. Manx Algae. An algal survey of the south end of the Isle of Man. Proc. Trans. L'pool biol. Soc. 45(appendix II): 1 - 155.</ref> C.peregrina is referred to as C.sinuosa.
Similar species: Leathesia difformis is a similar species: it is yellow brown in colour, fleshy and mucilaginous in texture. It is globose and smooth when young, becoming hollow and convoluted with age and growing to 5 cm in diameter. However, L. difformis is easily distinguished from C. peregrina, because L. difformis readily squashes when pressed between finger and thumb.
Habitat
This species is found in littoral rock pools, in localities that are not exposed, and also in the sublittoral to a depth of 3m.
Distribution
North America (west coast)
This species occurs from Alaska to La Jolla, in Southern California.
Europe
C. peregrina was first recorded in Europe in 1908. It was also recorded from the Mediterranean.
British Isles
This seaweed is not native to the British Isles, but is found generally in this area. In Hardy and Guiry (2006) it is shown to be generally recorded around Ireland, south west England, Wales and the west coast of Scotland. Records from the east of Scotland are few, and it is not shown as present on the east or south east coast of England. It is noted as a recent addition to the flora (as C. sinuosa in Knight and Parke (1931).
Ireland
C. peregrina has been recorded in Ireland since 1934. Colpomenia peregrina has been recorded in Ireland from the following counties: Down, Donegal, Kerry, Galway, Clare and Cork. Apparently this alga was first recorded in Ireland by M.J.Lynn from Strangford Lough in March 1934, and from Lough Larne near Ballycarry and Magheramorne in 1935. It was also recorded from Portballintrae, on the north coast, and in the south at Lough Ine. In 1936 it was found at Rush (County Dublin) and at Killough (County Down). There are further records from: Portstewart (County Londonderry), cast ashore at Hood's Ferry, Islandmagee (opposite Larne), (County Antrim). It is now abundant. Specimens of this species are stored in the Ulster Museum Herbarium (BEL) from: Co. Donegal in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland and Wales under the catalogue museum numbers: F11254; F3136; F7675; F6154; F1682; F1693; F7491; F7674; F4254; F4254 and F1832.
New Zealand
C. peregrina is found in intertidal to subtidal zones of the coasts of the North and South Islands.
References
Further reading
Blackler, H. 1939. The occurrence of Colpomenia sinuosa (Mert) Derb et Sol., in Ireland. Ir. Nat. J. 7: 215.
Lund, Sren., 1945. On Colpomenia peregrinsa and its occurrence in Danish waters. Report of Danish Biological Station.
External links
AlgaeBase Site for more pictures and details
The Seaweed Site for pictures and a description
Department of the Environment: Zebra Mussel
Ectocarpales
Algae of Australia
Bodakajtor is part of Aba in the Subregion of Aba, Fejér County, Hungary. It lies 5 kilometer North West from the center of the village. There is a community house in this part of the village.
Demographics
There were 82 housing buildings in Bodakajtor where 371 people lived in 2011.
References
Populated places in Fejér County
Tenaya Canyon is a dramatic and dangerous canyon in Yosemite National Park, California, USA, that runs from the outlet of Tenaya Lake 10 miles down to Yosemite Valley, carrying water in Tenaya Creek through a series of spectacular cascades and pools and thence into a deep canyon below Cloud's Rest, a giant granite mountain adjacent to Half Dome. Waterfalls on the creek inside the canyon include Pywiack Cascade (named for Pywiack Dome) and Three Chute Falls, near Mirror Lake.
The top of the canyon can be seen from Tioga Pass Road (Route 120), which goes through Tuolumne Meadows and Tioga Pass. From Olmsted Point (a roadside viewing area), Clouds Rest and Yosemite's signature Half Dome dominate the canyon. At the bottom of the canyon, in Yosemite Valley, lies Mirror Lake, accessible by shuttle bus and a short walk. The Quarter Domes are not far, up Tenaya Canyon.
The canyon has no foot trail and is notoriously difficult to navigate, particularly in spring and summer when water levels are high. Signs warn against hiking in the canyon. The American Canyoneering Association gives Tenaya Canyon a rating of 3B V. The 3 is an "intermediate" rating on a scale of 1 to 4, with 4 most difficult; B is a measure of water volume on a scale of A to C; and the V indicates that the trip will take one and a half days.
The canyon has achieved notoriety because of a curse Chief Tenaya reportedly invoked in the 1850s as a result of the death of their son at the hands of a battalion intending to forcibly displace the Ahwahnechee people of Yosemite Valley. Those who believe in the curse cite accidents, mysterious deaths, and disappearances. For example, in 1996, two hikers died in the canyon. Some park rangers have reportedly referred to Tenaya Canyon as the Bermuda Triangle of Yosemite.
Hiking the canyon involves dangerous exposure to heights, and even if there is minimal water in Tenaya Creek, mandatory swims, dangerous waterfalls, and cascades. Wet and slippery glacially polished granite adds to the likelihood of falling.
References
External links
A Trip Account
Canyons and gorges of California
Landforms of Yosemite National Park
Landforms of Mariposa County, California
Climbing areas of California
Alexander (Chanoch Yehuda) Kohut (April 22, 1842 – May 25, 1894) was a rabbi and orientalist. They belonged to a family of rabbis, the most noted among them being Rabbi Israel Palota, their great-grandfather, Rabbi Amram (called "The Gaon," who died in Safed, Palestine, where they had spent the last years of their life), and Rabbi Chayyim Kitssee, rabbi in Erza, who was their great-granduncle. The last-named was the author of several rabbinic works.
Early training
Kohut's father, Jacob Kohut, was a great linguist, and was well versed in rabbinic literature. They were so poor that they could not afford to send their son to the village school. There being no Hebrew school (cheder) in their native town, Alexander reached their eighth year without having learned even the rudiments of Hebrew or Hungarian. At a very tender age, while selling their mother's tarts in the marketplace, they were kidnapped by Gipsies, because of their extraordinary beauty. Their family soon removed to Kecskemét, where Kohut received their first instruction. They attended the gymnasium and at the same time studied Talmud with an old scholar, Reb Gershom Lövinger. In their fifteenth year, while trying to decipher some foreign words in the Talmud with the aid of Landau's Dictionary, they conceived the plan of writing a complete lexicon of the Talmud, not having found the etymology of many words in Landau.
After finishing the gymnasium course in Kecskemét, they removed to Budapest. Anxious to continue their rabbinical studies, they went to Breslau. In 1865, they received a call to the rabbinate of Tarnowitz, Upper Silesia. They then spent another year in Breslau, devoting their time to Oriental philology and Semitics. During the previous year they received their Ph.D. degree from the University of Leipzig, their dissertation being "Ueber die Jüdische Angelogie und Daemonologie in Ihrer Abhängigkeit vom Parsismus." The essay was published by the Deutsche Morgenländische Gesellschaft in 1866, it being the first Jewish work issued under the auspices of that society. They obtained their rabbinical diploma in 1867. It was in 1864 that they began to collect materials for a critical edition of the 'Aruk of Nathan ben Jehiel. In 1867 they were called to the rabbinate of Székesfehérvár, Hungary. Baron József Eötvös, the famous Hungarian poet and novelist, and afterward "Cultusminister," appointed them superintendent of all the schools in the county, this being the first time that such a position had been tendered to a Jew. The Congress of Jewish notables held in Budapest in 1868 appointed Kohut its secretary. Notable among their literary labors falling in this period is their study entitled "Etwas über die Moral und Abfassungszeit des Buches Tobias," originally published in Geiger's Jüd. Zeit. vol. x., several monographs in the Z. D. M. G. which developed their original thesis concerning Persian influence on Judaism, and their "Kritische Beleuchtung der Persischen Pentateuch-Uebersetzung des Jakob ben Joseph Tavus" (Leipzig, 1871). Among their literary remains are to be found materials for a critical edition of the Persian text of this version. In 1872 they were elected chief rabbi of Pécs, Hungary, remaining there eight years. By this time their reputation as a Hungarian orator had spread so far that many noted statesmen and church dignitaries came to hear them from distant towns.
Dictionary of the Talmud
About 1873 Kohut began to compile their Dictionary of the Talmud, entirely in German, encouraged by the promise of a Christian nobleman to bear all costs of publication. They had proceeded as far as the third letter of the alphabet when they found that the work was assuming such gigantic proportions as to preclude the possibility of its being confined within the projected limits. Arduous as the merely mechanical labor of copying the manuscript was, they rewrote what they had written, intending to publish the original text of the old 'Aruk, with a German commentary. On the advice of Leopold Zunz and Salomon Buber, however, who argued that the 'Aruk, being a national classic, ought to be compiled in Hebrew throughout, they again rewrote the work in that language, the labor of copying occupying two more years. It is this trait of untiring patience, which scorned all obstacles, that made the publication of vol. I, in 1878, possible. Their Maecenas, in the meantime, had died, and Kohut was left to bear the burden of expense alone, save for the subvention of the Academy of Sciences in Vienna and of the Cultusministerium in Berlin. They called their work Aruch Completum or 'Aruk ha-Shalem, and its production occupied twenty-five years of their life. The first four volumes were printed during their residence in Hungary, and the last four during their sojourn in America, covering a period of fourteen years (Vienna, 1878–92); the supplement appearing from a New York press; and the whole work aggregating more than 4,000 double-column pages. Seven manuscripts of the 'Aruk were used by the editor in determining the etymology of the words, and countless doubtful and corrupted passages in the Talmud were thus corrected and restored. Kohut identified in an elaborate special study (printed in the supplement) the often unacknowledged sources of Nathan ben Jehiel's information, though everywhere defending them against the charge of plagiarism. The 'Aruk has been justly characterized as one of the monuments of Hebrew literature.
In 1880 Kohut was called to Oradea, Hungary, where they remained until 1884. While there they published (1881) A Zsidók Története. A Biblia Befejezésétől a Jelenkorig (introduced into many schools in Hungary as a text-book), and translated the entire Bible into Hungarian. Part of the manuscript was, however, lost, and the work never appeared in print. At Oradea they became acquainted with Kálmán Tisza, prime minister of Hungary, who, hearing them speak at a national gathering of notables, was so carried away by their eloquence that they caused them to be called to the Hungarian parliament as representative of the Jews.
In 1885 Kohut was elected rabbi of Congregation Ahavath Chesed in New York. Their arrival in the U.S. was the signal for rallying the conservative forces of American Jewry; and it was not long before they were bitterly assailed by the radical wing. A series of lectures on Ethics of the Fathers, only the first part of which was printed in book form (New York, 1885), clearly set forth their conservatism; and so marked was this attitude and the influence it had upon the public mind that the leaders of Reform felt called upon to institute the memorable Pittsburg Conference, to accentuate their own advanced views and their independence of the historic traditions of the past.
New York
Kohut was associated with the Rev. Sabato Morais in founding the Jewish Theological Seminary of New York, becoming one of its advisory board, and being active as professor of Talmudic methodology up to the time of their death. In 1889, on the occasion of theirs finishing the Aruch Completum, they were the recipient of many honors, notably at the hands of various learned bodies in Europe. In 1891 they were appointed examiner in rabbinics at Columbia College. In March, 1894, while delivering a stirring eulogy on Lajos Kossuth, they were stricken in their pulpit, and, after lingering a few weeks, expired on the eve of the Sabbath (25 May 1894). Their widow was their second wife, Jewish women's leader Rebekah Bettelheim Kohut.
A volume containing memorial addresses and tributes was published by Congregation Ahavath Chesed in 1894 in New York; and another, containing learned essays by forty-four noted scholars in Europe and America, entitled Semitic Studies in Memory of Rev. Dr. Alexander Kohut, was published in Berlin in 1897 by their son, G. A. Kohut. The latter work contains a memoir of Kohut's life written by their brother, Dr. Adolph Kohut.
A complete list of Kohut's published writings has been compiled by G. A. Kohut, in the appendix to the Proceedings of the Fourth Biennial Convention of the Jewish Theological Seminary Association (New York, 1894) and in Tributes to the Memory of Rev. Dr. Alexander Kohut, pp. 49–64 (ib. 1894).
Their son, George Alexander Kohut, often known as "G. A. Kohut," was an American writer and bibliographer, who donated their father's important library of Judaica to Yale University in 1915. This established the "Alexander Kohut Memorial Collection". The son also created the "Kohut Endowment" to maintain and improve the Yale collection.
Notes
References
External links
1842 births
1894 deaths
People from Kiskunfélegyháza
Hungarian rabbis
19th-century American people
American Conservative rabbis
American Reform rabbis
Jewish Theological Seminary of America people
Leipzig University alumni
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
American people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
Hungarian expatriates in Germany
Hungarian Jews
Lexicographers
19th-century American rabbis
19th-century lexicographers
Leif Carlsson (born February 18, 1965) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey defenceman.  They are currently the head coach of EV Landshut of the DEL2. Carlsson was selected by the Hartford Whalers in the 3rd round (61st overall) of the 1983 NHL Entry Draft.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
AIK IF players
Färjestad BK players
Hartford Whalers draft picks
Swedish ice hockey coaches
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
People from Ludvika Municipality
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
James M. Brady, known as Jim Brady, is an American journalist and a pioneer in digital journalism.  They are known for various roles over the years as a Programming Director at AOL, Executive Editor of the washingtonpost.com, General Manager at the since defunct TBD.com, Editor-in-Chief of Digital First Media, and President of the Online News Association.
Currently they are the CEO of Spirited Media, a mobile-focused hyperlocal news firm. Their initial platform, known as Billy Penn (named after Pennsylvania founder William Penn) was launched in 2014.
Early life
Brady was born in Queens, New York City and grew up in Huntington, New York. They graduated from American University with a degree in journalism from the American University School of Communication in 1989.
Career
Brady began their career as a sportswriter at the Post in 1987 and then also served the newspaper in several other capacities such as a sports editor, and managing news editor. They also are the sports editor for the Washingtonpost.com website when it was launched in April 1995.
In November 2004 they became the Executive Editor of the washingtonpost.com, a position which they kept until they stood down in December 2008.
They have also worked for America Online, UPI, Newsday and NBC Sports.
References
External links
American male journalists
American online journalists
Living people
Digital First Media
The Washington Post journalists
People from Queens, New York
American University School of Communication alumni
Journalists from New York City
Year of birth missing (living people)
Elmer O. Leatherwood (September 4, 1872 – December 24, 1929) was a U.S. Representative from Utah.
Born on a farm near Waverly, Ohio, Leatherwood attended the public schools.
They moved to Emporia, Kansas, in 1888.
They were graduated from the Kansas State Normal School at Emporia, Kansas, in 1894.
They engaged in public school work 1894–1898.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar at Hiawatha, Kansas, in 1898.
They graduated from the law department of the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1901 and was admitted to practice.
They moved to Salt Lake City, Utah, the same year and continued the practice of their profession.
They served as district attorney for the third judicial district of Utah 1908–1916.
They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1924.
They served as president of the Western Powder Co., Leary & Warren Stockyards, Hellgate Mining & Milling Co., and the Olympus Mining & Milling Co.
Leatherwood was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh and to the four succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1921, until their death in Washington, D.C., on December 24, 1929.
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Expenditures on Public Buildings (Sixty-eighth and Sixty-ninth Congresses).
They were interred in Mount Olivet Cemetery, Salt Lake City, Utah.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
Sources
External links
1872 births
1929 deaths
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
District attorneys in Utah
People from Waverly, Ohio
People from Emporia, Kansas
Businesspeople from Salt Lake City
Lawyers from Salt Lake City
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
19th-century American lawyers
In graph theory, a nonblocker is a subset of vertices in an undirected graph, all of which are adjacent to vertices outside of the subset. Equivalently, a nonblocker is the complement of a dominating set.
The computational problem of finding the largest nonblocker in a graph was formulated by , who observed that it belongs to MaxSNP.
Although computing a dominating set is not fixed-parameter tractable under standard assumptions, the complementary problem of finding a nonblocker of a given size is fixed-parameter tractable.
In graphs with no isolated vertices, every maximal nonblocker (one to which no more vertices can be added) is itself a dominating set.
Kernelization
One way to construct a fixed-parameter tractable algorithm for the nonblocker problem is to use kernelization, an algorithmic design principle in which a polynomial-time algorithm is used to reduce a larger problem instance to an equivalent instance whose size is bounded by a function of the parameter.
For the nonblocker problem, an input to the problem consists of a graph and a parameter , and the goal is to determine whether it has a nonblocker with or more vertices.
This problem has an easy kernelization that reduces it to an equivalent problem with at most vertices. First, remove all isolated vertices from , as they cannot be part of any nonblocker. Once this has been done, the remaining graph must have a nonblocker that includes at least half of its vertices; for instance, if one 2-colors any spanning tree of the graph, each color class is a nonblocker and one of the two color classes includes at least half the vertices. Therefore, if the graph with isolated vertices removed still has or more vertices, the problem can be solved immediately. Otherwise, the remaining graph is a kernel with at most vertices.
Dehne et al. improved this to a kernel of size at most . Their method involves merging pairs of neighbors of degree-one vertices until all such vertices have a single neighbor, and removing all but one of the degree-one vertices, leaving an equivalent instance
with only one degree-one vertex. Then, they show that (except for small values of , which can be handled separately) this instance must either be smaller than the kernel size bound or contain a -vertex blocker.
Once a small kernel has been obtained, an instance of the nonblocker problem may be solved in fixed-parameter tractable time by applying a brute-force search algorithm to the kernel. Applying faster (but still exponential) time bounds leads to a time bound for the nonblocker problem of the form . Even faster algorithms are possible for certain special classes of graphs.
See also
Dominating set - the complement of a nonblocker.
References
Graph theory objects
Computational problems in graph theory
Nicholas Ian Willis (born 25 April 1983) is a New Zealand middle distance runner and the country's only two-time Olympic medalist in the 1500 metres. They won the silver medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, and bronze at the 2016 Olympics in Rio De Janeiro. Their other achievements over the same distance include the national and Oceania record (3:29.66), and medals from three consecutive Commonwealth Games (gold in 2006, bronze in 2010 and 2014).
Early life
Willis was born in and grew up in Lower Hutt, New Zealand, where they went to Hutt Valley High School and was coached by Don Dalgliesh before attending University of Michigan in the United States on a full athletic scholarship. Their brother, Steve Willis, is also an athlete, and they are the only brothers in the history of New Zealand to have both broken 4:00 minutes for the mile.
In 2000, Willis won the 800m and 1500m double at the New Zealand Secondary Schools Championships. On the 20th of January, 2001, Willis became the fastest New Zealand secondary school student over the mile, with a time of 4 min 1.33 s.
Career
In 2005, at the Golden League series in Paris, France, Willis broke John Walker's 32-year-old national record for the 1500m. Willis then won a Gold Medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, which they completed in 3:38.49 minutes, and two first placings at the New Zealand Track & Field Championships in 2006, with a time of 3:50.77 minutes, and 2008, which they ran in 3:44.46 minutes. Their IAAF world ranking was 16 in May 2007.
2008: Olympic silver medalist
Willis won the 1500m silver medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics. They originally placed third but the eventual disqualification of Rashid Ramzi due to a positive drug test saw Willis's bronze medal become a silver one, which they received in 2011. On 2 May 2018, it was announced that Asbel Kiprop of Kenya, who was declared the champion on Ramzi's disqualification, had tested positive for the banned performance-enhancing drug EPO Although this raises the possibility of Kiprop being disqualified and Willis being declared champion it is highly unusual for any drug sanction to cover more than a few years.
In the first 1500m heat Willis placed second in a time of 3:36.01. After running at the back of the field for the first few laps they took the lead on the final lap eventually finishing ahead of Mehdi Baala. Willis ran in the second 1500m semi-final where the pace was so slow that during the race they told the other competitors to "pick up the pace" so that more of them would have a chance to qualify. With 250m to go Willis was almost boxed in and had to force their way into the clear eventually finishing fifth in a time of 3:37.54 to qualify for the final. In the final Willis stayed at the back of the pack of runners for most of the race. Working their way through the field, they were in sixth place with 200m to go. Along the home straight they passed three runners, holding off Baala on the line to win the bronze medal in 3:34.16. With the disqualification of the race winner Rashid Ramzi on 18 November 2009 due to a positive drug test, Willis was upgraded to the silver medal.
In conclusion to their 2008 season, Willis won the Fifth Avenue Mile race in New York City, beating out twice-world champion Bernard Lagat of the United States by 0.1 seconds. Willis was the first New Zealander to win the race since John Walker in 1984.
2010: Surgery and comeback
During 2010, Willis underwent knee surgery. They came fifth in the Fifth Avenue Mile race and although they were the defending champion in the 1500m, their form leading into the 2010 Commonwealth Games was not their best. They managed to win the bronze medal in the event and said afterward that they were looking forward to training injury-free.
2011
Willis didn't receive their 2008 Olympic silver medal until 26 February 2011. The presentation was originally scheduled for an international track meet in Christchurch, but the earthquake on 22 February caused that event to be cancelled. Instead, Willis received their medal at a fundraising track meet organised in response to the earthquake and held at Newtown Park in Wellington. It was presented by International Olympic Committee member and 1976 gold medallist Barry Maister. It was the first Olympic medal ceremony held in New Zealand. At the same meet, Willis ran a sub-four-minute mile.
2012
In July 2012 Willis set the Oceania 1500m record with a run of 3:30.35 at the Monaco Diamond League Herculis meeting. They placed third in the race, and their time was also an improvement on their own New Zealand record.
London Olympics
On 27 July they were officially named the Olympic flag bearer for New Zealand at London 2012.
Willis was the oldest runner to make the final of the 1500m, in which they placed 9th – a result they described as "heart-breaking" and "a bit embarrassing". Algerian Taoufik Makhloufi won in 3:34.08s, with Willis clocking 3:36.94. Reflecting on this result in 2013, Willis conceded that he'd peaked three weeks too early at Monaco, and consequently "ran out of steam".
2014
Over a 66-day period (15 May – 20 July) leading up to the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, Willis ran their best times over four different distances. Two of those runs doubled as new national records.
They began with a time of 13m 20.33s over 5000m on 15 May. On 11 June they became the second New Zealander after Sir John Walker to break 3m 50s over a mile when they finished second at the Bislett Games in Oslo. Six days later, they shaved 0.58s off Walker's 31-year-old record for 3000m at Ostrava in the Czech Republic, clocking 7m 36.91s. Then on 20 July, racing in a Diamond League event in Monaco, they reduced the New Zealand 1500m record to 3m 29.91s.
This 1500m time came on the same track that they set national records on in 2011 and 2012, and made Willis the 27th man to beat the 3m30s barrier. They placed seventh in an uncommonly fast race: the runners who finished fourth through seventh all ran the quickest ever times for their places in the field.
Glasgow Commonwealth Games
Entering the Commonwealth Games 5000m for the first time, and believing that they had "nothing to lose", Willis finished tenth. Amongst the New Zealanders in the field they were third of three, with Zane Robertson taking bronze.
Robertson's twin brother, Jake, was also in the 5000m race but tripped after a collision involving Willis. At the time Jake Robertson said that the incident was "the way things go", but five days later they told reporters that they would "not forget[...]the reason I fell in the 5K, including Nick Willis." Invited to comment, Willis only shrugged off "sensationalist journalism".
Willis also ran the 1500m at those games. They qualified directly for the final, winning the first heat in 3.40.76. In the final Willis overtook South African Johan Cronje with their last three steps to take bronze in 3:39.60. Frustrated at himself, Willis believed he'd timed their race badly and saw their third placing as a "respectable finish" that they had to "salvage" from the race. "It was only my fitness that got me to that medal, not any tactical nous, or brilliance or planning."
2016
In early 2016 Willis won their first World Indoor Championship medal, taking bronze in the 1500m final behind future Olympic champion Matt Centrowitz and Jakub Holuša.
Willis qualified for their third successive 1500m Olympic final, finishing 6th in their heat and third in their semi-final. In the final, the first two laps were run at an extremely slow pace. During the final straight Willis moved into third place about 50 meters from the finish. While they could not close the gap to Makloufi and Centrowitz, they maintained their position across the line to claim the bronze medal. After the race, Willis said that taking the bronze was "incredibly satisfying...it's the personal satisfaction that we corrected all the wrongs from London."
In finishing third, Willis became the oldest man to win an Olympic medal in the 1500 meters, and the 8th man to have won two 1500m Olympic medals.
2021
On 19 January 2021 Willis broke 4 minutes in the mile for a record 19th year in a row, running a 3:58.05 mile at the Orange Winter Classic meet in Clermont, Florida. This broke a tie with fellow New Zealander John Walker, who broke the 4-minute mile barrier every year from 1973-1990.
2022
On 29 January 2022 Willis extended the record for consecutive years with a sub-four minute mile when they broke 4 minutes in the mile for a 20th year in a row, running a 3:59.71 mile at the Millrose Games at the Armory in New York City.
Personal bests
Personal life
Willis married Sierra Boucher on 30 September 2007. They have three sons. They currently reside in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Willis is a Christian.
References
External links
Official website of Nick Willis
Nick Willis 2012 Olympic profile at 3news.co.nz
1983 births
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Living people
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of New Zealand
Olympic silver medalists for New Zealand
Athletes from Lower Hutt
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People educated at Hutt Valley High School
World Athletics Championships athletes for New Zealand
Michigan Wolverines men's track and field athletes
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for New Zealand
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists in athletics (track and field)
Olympic bronze medalists for New Zealand
Olympic bronze medalists in athletics (track and field)
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Meet the Izzards is a 2014 two-part BBC One documentary in which actor and comedian Eddie Izzard uses genetics to trace Izzard's distant ancestry.
The first part, titled "The Mum's Line", uses Izzard's mitochondrial DNA to trace the maternal line. Izzard thus travels to the Kalahari Desert in Africa, then on to the Middle East, Turkey, Italy, Denmark and finally, England. Prior to traveling to Denmark, Izzard's mitochondrial haplogroup is identified as T2f1a1.
In the second part, titled "The Dad's Line", Izzard's Y-chromosomal DNA lineage is traced. In this episode, Izzard travels to Cameroon, and again returns to England via Saxony, Germany. This episode reveals that Izzard belongs to the Y haplogroup I-M223.
References
External links
2013 British television series debuts
2013 British television series endings
BBC television documentaries about science
BBC high definition shows
English-language television shows
Genetics in the United Kingdom
Television series about family history
Works about genetics
xLooking Forwardx is an American Christian hardcore band, and they primarily play hardcore punk, while they are members of the straight edge movement. They come from Bel Air, Maryland. The band started making music in 1999. Their lineup consists of brothers Justin (vocals) and Josh Chaillou (guitars), their cousin Kevin Doherty (bass), and Kevin O'Brien (drums). The band released a studio album, Ahoy Crew Members!, in 2002 with DFF Records. Their subsequent studio album, What This Means to Me, was released by Blood and Ink Records, in 2004. The signed to Facedown Records, where they released, The Path We Tread, a studio album, in 2005. Their next release, an extended play, Down with the Ship, was released by Facedown Records, in 2012.
Background
xLooking Forwardx is a Christian hardcore band from Bel Air, Maryland, and are members of the straight edge movement. Their members are vocalist, Justin Chaillou, guitarist, Josh Chaillou, bassist, Kevin Doherty, and drummer, Kevin O'Brien.
Music history
The band commenced as a musical entity in September 1999, with their first release, Ahoy Crew Members!, a studio album, that was released by DFF Records. Their subsequent studio album, What This Means to Me, was released on January 20, 2004, by Blood and Ink Records. They signed with Facedown Records, where they released, The Path We Tread, on November 8, 2005. The next release, an extended play, Down with the Ship, was released on June 19, 2012, by Facedown Records.
Members
Current members
Justin Chaillou - vocals
Josh Chaillou - guitar
Kevin Doherty - bass
Kevin O'Brien - drums
Discography
Studio albums
Ahoy Crew Members! (2002, DFF)
What This Means to Me (January 20, 2004, Blood and Ink)
The Path We Tread (November 8, 2005, Facedown)
EPs
Down with the Ship (June 19, 2012, Facedown)
Demos
1117 (2000)
References
External links
Official website from archives
Christian hardcore musical groups
Hardcore punk groups from Maryland
1999 establishments in Maryland
Musical groups established in 1999
Facedown Records artists
Blood and Ink Records artists
Straight edge groups
2econd Season is the second and most recent album by Atlanta-based rapper Unk.
Release
It was released on November 4, 2008.
Guest Performers
The album features guest appearances by Sean Kingston, Ray J, Three 6 Mafia and more.
Production
Production as handled mainly by Oomp Camp's own DJ Montay.
Track listing
Chart positions
References
2008 albums
Unk albums
E1 Music albums
The 1484 papal conclave (August 26–29) elected Pope Innocent VIII after the death of Pope Sixtus IV.
The election
At the death of Sixtus IV, the conclave of cardinals that met to elect their successor numbered thirty-two cardinals.
The immediate context of the election was the nearly unprecedented packing of the College of Cardinals by Sixtus IV, not only in terms of overall size, but also in terms of cardinal-nephews and crown cardinals. As a result, nearly all of the non-Venetian cardinals supported the continuation of Sixtus IV's policies of isolation towards the Republic of Venice, specifically the Peace of Bagnolo. However, the two factions of cardinals differed over whether the church ought to prioritize the continuation of the Italian League or should prioritize papal power (especially vis-a-vis Naples) over the preservation of the peace. Cardinal Borja led the first faction and Cardinal della Rovere, the second; these factions were roughly aligned with the Orsini and Colonna families, respectively.
The conclave was carried out by the largest non-schismatic College since the eleventh century. Because of an intense dispute between the Colonna and Orsini, the city of Rome was marked by far more civil unrest during the sede vacante than was to be expected historically. While Count Girolamo Riario was away besieging a Colonna stronghold, their palace was sacked and their wife fled to the Castel S. Angelo. Upon their return to the city Count Riario joined their wife and held the Castel until persuaded to withdraw from the city with payment of 4000 ducats.
In order to prevent the selection of Cardinal Barbo, on the evening before the election, after the cardinals retired for the night, the Dean of the College of Cardinals, Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere, nephew of the late Pope, and Cardinal Borgia, the Vice-Chancellor, visited a number of cardinals and secured their votes with the promise of various benefices.
Cardinal electors
Absentee cardinals
Notes
1484
15th-century elections
1484
15th-century Catholicism
Pope Innocent VIII
The dusky spinetail (Synallaxis moesta) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Synallaxis
Birds described in 1856
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Thailand Open is a golf tournament that has been held in Thailand since 1965. It was founded as an event on the Far East Circuit, later renamed as the Asia Golf Circuit. It remained on the circuit until 1997, after which it became an event on the rival Asian Tour, where it remained until 2009. From 2010 to 2015, it was part of the fledgling OneAsia tour's schedule, co-sanctioned in 2013 and 2015 by the Japan Golf Tour, before returning to the Asian Tour in 2017.
Winners
Notes
References
External links
Coverage on the Asian Tour's official site
Coverage on the Japan Golf Tour's official site (2015)
Asia Golf Circuit events
Asian Tour events
Former Japan Golf Tour events
Golf tournaments in Thailand
Recurring sporting events established in 1965
1965 establishments in Thailand
Conical hill is a landform with a distinctly conical shape.
Conical hill may also refer to:
Cone Hill, a hill on Hut Point Peninsula, in Ross Island, Antarctica.
Conical Hill, Antarctica is a rock hill on the southern slopes of Mount Terror on Ross Island, Antarctica.
Conical Hill, Sri Lanka, a mountain in the Nuwara Eliya District of Sri Lanka.
Conical Hill, a hill on the Tapanui Branch railway line in New Zealand.
Mi Casa En El Arbol was one of the successful three singles released from the self-titled solo debut of Jorge González.
Cover versions
"Mi Casa En El Arbol" was covered by Japanese version of Chilean band Victoriano.
See also
Los Prisioneros
References
1993 singles
1993 songs
Song recordings produced by Gustavo Santaolalla
Dundalk entered the 1966–67 season on the back of a disappointing eighth-place finish in the League and a sixth-place finish in the Shield the previous season. 1966–67 was Alan Fox's first season as player-coach, having been appointed by the club's new board of directors in August. It was Dundalk's 41st consecutive season in the top tier of Irish football.
Season summary
The previous season had seen significant change at the club. By the end of 1965 it was clear that the debts, the condition of Oriel Park, and the need to rebuild the playing squad, were challenges beyond the membership-based ownership model. A new public limited company took the club over in January 1966, after the voluntary liquidation of the old company. The new board set about investing in Oriel Park, which consisted of turning the pitch 90 degrees, building a new stand, and adding player and spectator facilities. They also invested in a number of new players and a new player-coach, Alan Fox. Only five of the players who had finished the previous season were retained.
The new season started on 21 August 1966 with the Shield and the Dublin City Cup. Dundalk had never won the Shield in their 40 seasons of League of Ireland membership, being runners-up four times and going close in numerous seasons. At the 41st attempt, the new team made no mistake – with nine wins from the first 10 matches, effectively sealing the win with a 2–0 victory over Shamrock Rovers in front of a then record crowd of 14,000 for a domestic game in Oriel Park. 10 days later they met Shamrock Rovers again, this time in the City Cup final, but fell to a 2–1 defeat.
The League saw Fox's side continue their Shield form, with six wins in a row (scoring 21 goals in the process) leaving them clear at the top of the table in the run up to Christmas. A three match losing streak through the new year, which included the Leinster Senior Cup Final, saw some doubts about the side creep in. But they only lost one more match in charging to the title ahead of Bohemians by seven points. The club's third League title brought the only League and Shield Double in its history. To cap a memorable season, they also won the Top Four Cup, their second and last win before the competition was discontinued in 1974. A semi-final defeat in the FAI Cup to Shamrock Rovers was the only slip-up that stopped the side winning medals in every competition. They called it "the greatest year in the history of Dundalk Football Club".
First-Team Squad (1966–67)
Sources:
a. Includes the Leinster Senior Cup, Dublin City Cup, and Top Four Cup.
Competitions
Shield
Source:
Shield table
Dublin City Cup
Source:
First Round
Quarter-Final
Semi-Final
Final
Leinster Senior Cup
Source:
Fourth Round
Semi-Final
Semi-Final Replay
Final
FAI Cup
Source:
First Round
Quarter-Final
Quarter-Final Replay
Semi-Final
Semi-Final Replay
Top Four Cup
Source:
Semi-Final
Final
Final Replay
League
Source:
League table
References
Bibliography
Citations
Dundalk F.C. seasons
Dundalk
Fat Transfer, also known as fat graft, lipomodelling, or fat injections, is a surgical process in which a person's own fat is transferred from one area of the body to another area. The major aim of this procedure is to improve or augment the area that has irregularities and grooves. Carried out under either general anesthesia or local anesthesia, the technique involves 3 main stages: fat harvesting (extracting adipose fat), fat processing (processing the extracted fat), fat injection (and then reinjecting the purified fat into the area needing improvement).
Applications
Autologous fat transplantation is a widely used treatment modality because of its biocompatible properties and availability of fat for transplantation. The technique has become increasingly popular in recent years for soft tissue augmentation and volume replacement in both reconstructive and aesthetic plastic surgery.
Breast reconstruction
Breast reconstruction is the surgical process of rebuilding the natural shape and look of a breast, using autologous tissue, prosthetic implants, or a combination of both. The procedure is most commonly performed in women - as part of their treatment - who have had mastectomy or surgery to treat breast cancer. A doctor harvests fat from one or more areas of the patient's body where excess fat is available and grafts it to the breast for breast reconstruction surgery after a mastectomy or lumpectomy. As the procedure uses the patient's own fat, the structural fat grafting for breast reconstruction surgery is a more natural process than implants and creates a smooth, more symmetrical, look.
Breast augmentation and correcting asymmetry
Fat transfer breast augmentation is a natural solution to restore shape and volume to the breasts, which may have been lost due to factors such as aging, pregnancy/breastfeeding, or weight loss. Breast asymmetry can be corrected using the fat transfer procedure, and both the breasts will have the same shape and size. Breast augmentation and correction of asymmetry using fat transfer is considered to be an overall safe procedure. Any major weight gain or loss could have an impact of the procedure results because the fat transferred will behave like the fat in any other body part. The procedure is associated with certain risks such as fat necrosis or death of fat cells, a risk related to any type of fat grafting surgeries. Another risk is fat reabsorption, wherein the body may reabsorb the fat used (up to 50%) in the fat transfer augmentation procedure.
Gluteal augmentation
Fat transfer in gluteal augmentation, also known as buttock augmentation with autologous fat grafting or gluteal lift (currently marketed as the "Brazilian butt lift"), represents one of the most rapidly evolving and increasingly popular operations in aesthetic surgery. This is a "dual-benefit" body contouring procedure, because fat is harvested from areas with surplus body fat to enhance contouring using liposuction. This fat is purified and prepared for transplantation into the gluteal region to increase buttock volume. The technique that can be performed under general and local anesthesia can also create an improvement in buttock shape, along with enhancing.
Facial rejuvenation
The regenerative potential of lipofilling and the role of adipose-derived stem cells (ASCs) contribute to good results in facial fat transfer. In traditional techniques for facial rejuvenation, surgery was used involving the excision of muscle, skin, and/or fat. In contrast, modern techniques focus on using fat grafting to add volume to the "empty" facial compartments. Now, with more comprehensive understanding of facial aging constituents such as fat atrophy and ptosis of the facial compartments, fat grafting is considered a plausible facial rejuvenation technique, especially of the eyelids.
Hand rejuvenation
Structural fat grafting can be an ideal option to treat the signs of aging or other appearance-related issues – such as prominent-looking veins and tendons, loss of fullness, thinning skin, arthritis and wasting of the hand. The procedure involves manually harvesting fat from one or more locations on the body via liposuction and placing it around the back of the patient's hand, and sculpting it into a smooth, uniform layer for an ideal appearance. To "fine tune" the results, additional fat transfer or injection of dermal filler products can be performed. Autologous fat transfer serves as a filler in the hand rejuvenation procedure. Besides, it also rejuvenates the soft tissue and skin on the posterior side of the hands.
Rhinoplasty
Autologous micro fat transplantation is often used to correct a low dorsum and a short nose.
Scars and burns
Scars and burns caused due to various reasons such as injuries, chicken pox, acne, sun or radiation exposure, and more can be repaired with structural fat grafting. The procedure harvests fat from one or more areas of the body and places it anywhere on the body where tissue has been damaged. Structural fat grafting can improve the quality of aged and scarred skin, reduce pain and itchiness, heal radiation damage, treat chronic ulcers and reduce the appearance of scars on the face and body - including dimpling and deep depressions, resulting in thicker, softer, healthier skin.
Complications
To ensure survivability, the fat graft should not be manipulated too much and it must be quickly reinjected. Possible complications are swelling, bruising, hematoma formation, paresthesia or donor-site pain, hypertrophic scarring, infection, contour irregularities, and injury caused by the cannula to the underlying structures.
References
Wheels & Dollbaby is a fashion label based in Australia, founded by Melanie Greensmith.
Wheels & Dollbaby first opened in 1987 in Hay Street, Perth before relocating to Crown Street in Darlinghurst, Sydney. In 2008, the brand opened a boutique in Perth.
Melanie started their career with $5000AUD in a small store in the then hip Surry Hills area of Sydney. Which soon became a brand selling globally to the likes of luxury stores such as 'Harvey Nicoles', 'Harrods' & 'Selfridges' in London. Stores throughout the US and Australia also stocked their rock and rock clothing. Them rock and rock luxury aesthetic has been worn by some of the biggest stars in the world such as, Micheal Jackson, Kate Moss, Debbie Harry, Mick Jagger, Katy Perry, Amy Winehouse, Slash, Bob Dylan, Jerry Hall, Pamela Anderson, Chrissie Hynde and Britney Spears. Wheels and Dollbaby have been featured in many films, music videos and commercials. Wheels and Dollbaby since 2005 also has an enormously successful cardigan collaboration with Dita Von Teese that is a coveted and wildly collected item.
In October 2017, Greensmith announced they were closing the business after thirty years, saying it was time to move on, but that they did not want to sell the company or the brand. Melanie Greensmith since then relaunched the brand and the business in 2020.
References
External links
Wheels & Dollbaby official website
Clothing brands of Australia
Retail companies established in 1987
Retail companies disestablished in 2017
Umar Marvi or Marui (, ), is a folktale from Sindh, Pakistan about a village girl Marvi Maraich, who resists the overtures of a powerful King and the temptation to live in the palace as a queen, preferring to be in simple rural environment with their own village folk.
The story also appears in Shah Jo Risalo and forms part of seven popular tragic romances from Sindh, Pakistan. The other six tales are Sassui Punnhun, Sohni Mehar, Lilan Chanesar, Noori Jam Tamachi, Sorath Rai Diyach and Momal Rano commonly known as the Seven Queens of Sindh, or the Seven heros of Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai.
Folklore
The story of Umar Marvi is that Marvi was a young Thari girl abducted by then-ruler of Amarkot, Umar, who wanted to marry them because of their beauty. Upon their refusal they were imprisoned in the historic Umerkot Fort for several years. Because of their courage, Marvi is regarded as a symbol of love for one's soil and homeland.
In popular culture
Pakistan Television Corporation ran a serial adaptation called Marvi in 1993. The series depicts the story of Marvi and Umar in a modern setting. Ghazal Siddique played the title role, while Hassam Qazi played Umer.
Umar Marvi is a Pakistani film in adapted from this folktale, produced by Syed Hussain Ali Shah Fazlani, directed by Shaikh Hassan and starring Fazlani himself, Nighat Sultana, Noor Mohammed Charlie and Bibbo. Released on March 12, 1956, it was the first-ever Sindhi-language feature film made in Pakistan.
Umar Marui, is a Sindhi play by Indian writer Ram Panjwani.
See also
Sindhi folklore
Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai
Further reading
Baloch, N. A. 1976. Umar Marvi (in Sindhi). Jamshoro: Sindhi Adabi Board.
Chapter on Marui from the book Tarikh i Tahiri written by the author Mir Tahir Muhammad Nasyani
References
External links
"Umer Maruee: A Symbol of Patriotism". MuseIndia, 39, Sept.-Oct. 2011.
Sur Marvi, by Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai (Sindhi).
Sur Marvi (translated into English by Elsa Kazi).
Drama Adaptation of Umar Marvi (Urdu)
Love stories
Sindhi folklore
Culture of Sindh
Pakistani literature
Pakistani folklore
Fictional duos
Shah Jo Risalo
Leon Acton "Lynn" Westmoreland (born April 2, 1950) is an American politician who was the U.S. representative for from 2007 to 2017 and the from 2005 to 2007.  They are a member of the Republican Party.
Early life, education and career
Westmoreland was born in Atlanta, the son of Margaret Ferrell (née Lawson) and Leon Acton Westmoreland. They grew up in Metro Atlanta. They have no degree beyond a high school diploma. They attended Georgia State University, but dropped out to work in a family construction business in which they later became an executive. They served in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005, rising to the position of House Republican Leader in 2001. They held that position until 2003 when they stepped down in order to devote time to their Congressional campaign in late 2003. They continued to serve in the Georgia House until their election to the US House in 2005.
As Republican Leader in the Georgia House, they led the fight against intense partisan gerrymandering during the redistricting process controlled by the Democratic majority in 2001. They abandoned their opposition and was instrumental in the mid-decade redistricting that took place in 2005, after Republicans won control of the Georgia legislature in the 2004 elections.
U.S. House of Representatives
Tenure
During their first term in the 109th United States Congress, Westmoreland was appointed to the U.S. House Committee on Small Business, U.S. House Committee on Government Reform, and the U.S. House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.. In January 2015, the House Intelligence Committee was reorganized, and a subcommittee on Cybersecurity and the National Security Agency was created with Westmoreland appointed to be the subcommittee's first chairperson.
As a U.S. member of congress, Westmoreland cosponsored a bill to place the Ten Commandments in the House of Representatives and the Senate. Westmoreland also sponsored a bill that the Ten Commandments could be displayed in courthouses in a historical setting. In May 2006, political humorist Stephen Colbert interviewed Westmoreland for The Colbert Report show segment Better Know a District, and during the interview, asked Westmoreland to name the Ten Commandments. Westmoreland was able to name only three of them. Govtrack.us ranked Westmoreland as tied for the most conservative member of the 112th Congress.
Westmoreland led a group of members of congress who opposed the 2006 renewal of certain provisions in the Voting Rights Act that require nine Southern states and a number of counties (mostly in the South) to obtain Federal permission for certain changes to election law or changes in venue. Westmoreland and their colleagues claimed that it was no longer fair to target their states, given the passage of time since 1965 and the changes their states had made to provide fair elections and voting. Despite Westmoreland's objections, a strong bipartisan majority renewed the Voting Rights Act for another 25 years without changes.
In 2008, Westmoreland ran unopposed in the Republican primary and was re-elected after defeating their Democratic opponent Stephen Camp. After their win, Westmoreland announced that they were considering running for the office of Governor of Georgia in 2010, but later indicated in an April 2009 press release that they would not.
In 2010 Westmoreland signed a pledge sponsored by Americans for Prosperity promising to vote against any Global Warming legislation that would raise taxes.
As of February 4, 2016, Westmoreland had the most conservative ideology score of any member of the House of Representatives in the 114th Congress according to GovTrack. As of April 25, 2016, they were the second-most conservative member of the House.
Legislation
Westmoreland has sponsored various bills of their own, including:
110th Congress (2007–2008)
H.R. 3229, a bill to mint 350,000 $1 infantry coins for sale during 2012, with a surcharge of $10 on the sale of such coins, and with revenue to be allocated to the National Infantry Museum, introduced July 30, 2007, signed into law October 8, 2008.
H.R. 3492, a bill to increase the allowable amount of campaign contributions to political action committees (PACs), introduced September 6, 2007.
112th Congress (2011–2012)
H.R. 5710, a bill to establish a total daily energy consumption standard for medium temperature commercial refrigerators, introduced May 10, 2012.
113th Congress (2013–2014)
H.R. 3985, a bill to prohibit health insurers from making required payments under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) for transitional reinsurance in the individual health insurance market, and to repeal the PPACA's risk corridors and risk adjustments for insurance companies, introduced February 3, 2014.
H.R. 4604, a bill to allow for consumers to opt out of having personally identifiable information collected by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and to set a 60-day time limit on how long the CFPB can store such information, introduced May 7, 2014.
Committee assignments
Committee on Financial Services
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit
Subcommittee on Insurance, Housing and Community Opportunity
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
House Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi
Republican Study Committee
Tea Party Caucus
Controversy
On September 4, 2008, Westmoreland described Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and their wife Michelle as "uppity", a pejorative historically used to describe African-Americans who have made economic, social, or political progress. Westmoreland said to reporters, "Just from what little I've seen of them and Mr. Obama, Senator Obama, they're a member of an elitist-class individual that thinks that they're uppity." When asked to confirm their use of the word, Westmoreland answered, "Uppity, yeah."
The ensuing media attention compelled Westmoreland to issue the following statement: "I've never heard that term used in a racially derogatory sense. It is important to note that the dictionary definition of 'uppity' is 'affecting an air of inflated self-esteem—snobbish.' That's what we meant by uppity when we used it in the mill village where I grew up."
During the national debate in 2015 over the future of the Confederate flag some Republicans proposed a moderate amendment to allow Confederate symbols at national cemeteries. Representative Lynn Westmoreland distinguished between racism and a memorial,
When Westmoreland was asked if they understood Representative John Lewis' perspective, they responded, "I guess the question is, 'Do they understand where I'm coming from?'"
Political campaigns
Westmoreland won a plurality of votes in the Republican primary election in 2004, but faced fellow Republican Dylan Glenn in a runoff. Westmoreland received 55.5% of the vote in the runoff. The district was so heavily Republican that Westmoreland's primary victory was tantamount to election in November. They routed their Democratic opponent, business person Silvia Delamar, with almost 76% of the vote. The district was renumbered as the 3rd in 2006 and made even more Republican than its predecessor. Westmoreland was reelected five more times from this district with no substantive opposition.
Personal life
They reside in Grantville, Georgia, with their wife, Joan; they have three children and nine grandchildren. Their daughter, Marcy Sakrison, ran unsuccessfully in the 2019 special election for a seat the Georgia House of Representatives.
References
External links
|-
|-
1950 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
People from Coweta County, Georgia
Politicians from Atlanta
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Georgia (U.S. state)
Tea Party movement activists
Heist of the Century may refer to:
The Heist of the Century, 1978 book by Ken Follett detailing a bank robbery by Albert Spaggiari
Heist of the Century (album), 1998 album by American rapper La the Darkman
The Heist of the Century (film), a 2020 Argentine comedy thriller film
Jewel theft by Jack Roland Murphy in New York, 1964
Antwerp diamond heist, in Belgium, 2003
Armored van robbery by Toni Musulin in France, 2009
Theft at Musée d'Art Moderne de Paris, in France, 2010
See also
List of bank robbers and robberies
Crime of the century (disambiguation)
Race to the Center of the Earth is an American reality television show that premiered on March 29, 2021. The show was created by Elise Doganieri and Bertram van Munster, who previously had created The Amazing Race, of which Race to the Center of the Earth is fashioned after.
The show consists of four teams of three adventurers racing to "the center of the Earth." The four teams start in different corners of the Earth and all race along designated routes to a buoy in the middle of the ocean, designating the center of the Earth. There are no eliminations, but the first team to reach the buoy wins and gets to split the million-dollar prize that goes along with it.
Contestants
Results
Each day, teams received a pre-determined pace time to pass through a series of waypoints until they reach the final waypoint. If they finished at least 30 minutes ahead of the pace time, they would receive 2 points. If they arrived within 30 minutes of the pace time, they would receive 1 point. If they finished behind the pace time, they would receive 0 points. If they fell so far behind that they were swept off the course for safety reasons, they would lose a point. The scores would determine the starting placement of teams in the final stage with the highest scoring team in pole position.
Production
On May 14, 2019, National Geographic Networks ordered the creation of a new show, titled Race to the Center of the Earth, which involved four teams of three competing from different locations in the world and racing to a singular buoy in the mid-Pacific Ocean. Geoff Daniels, executive VP of unscripted entertainment for National Geographic Networks, stated, "Unlike other competition formats, Race to the Center of the Earth will combine the grittiness of a survival show with the cinematic style of a feature film action-thriller dropping viewers into the middle of a heart-pounding journey unlike anything ever made for television." Casting for the series began in June 2019, and filming started and ended in October, taking only two and a half weeks to finish. On January 17, 2020, at the TV Critics Association press tour, it was announced that the four teams would be competing from different corners of the Earth, one starting in Canada, one in South America, one in Southeast Asia, and one in Siberia in eastern Russia. During the interviewing at the press tour, co-creator Elise Doganieri explained that the routes for each team were meticulously planned and tested to be equal and fair. According to Bertram van Munster, the production team tested each route three times to ensure fairness. The first season premiered on March 29, 2021, and the season was released in its entirety on Disney+ on May 14, 2021 during the week of its finale. On January 20, 2022, National Geographic announced that the show would not be renewed for a second season.
Episodes
Notes
References
External links
2020s American reality television series
2021 American television series debuts
Adventure reality television series
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
English-language television shows
Television productions postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Television shows set in Asia
Television shows set in North America
Television shows set in South America
Television shows filmed in Quebec
Television shows filmed in Ontario
Television shows filmed in Alberta
Television shows filmed in British Columbia
Television shows filmed in Russia
Television shows filmed in Argentina
Television shows filmed in Chile
Television shows filmed in Vietnam
Television shows filmed in Laos
Television shows filmed in Thailand
Television shows filmed in Malaysia
Television shows filmed in Singapore
Television shows filmed in Hawaii
Peterloo, Op. 97, is a concert overture by Malcolm Arnold written in 1968 to commemorate the centenary of the first meeting of the Trades Union Congress. It is a programme piece which depicts the Peterloo Massacre of 1819. It was given a mixed reception by critics, but has nevertheless become one of Arnold's best-known works, being arranged several times for wind or brass band, recorded many times, and played twice at the Proms, once in its original form and once in a choral arrangement to words by Sir Tim Rice.
Programme
The overture depicts the events of 16 August 1819 in St Peter's Fields, Manchester, where a peaceful outdoor meeting called to debate the subject of political reform was interrupted by the Yeomanry, a cavalry force which had been sent in by local magistrates. Attempting to arrest the speaker, Henry "Orator" Hunt, they charged the crowd, causing a panic which resulted, according to Arnold, in the death of eleven people and injuries to 400 more. Arnold wrote that "This Overture attempts to portray these happenings musically, but after a lament for the killed and injured, it ends in triumph, in the firm belief that all those who have suffered and died in the cause of unity amongst humankind, will not have died so in vain". They also noted that they "tried to draw a parallel with the riots I see happening today".
Structure
The overture has a tripartite structure. The first part begins with a nobile theme in C major scored for unison strings harmonized by trombones, tuba, harp and basses. It then moves to a second theme for woodwind and harp before reprising the first one. A jarring percussion rhythm makes itself heard over this nobile theme, and ushers in the work's second part, which comprises a struggle between various short and violent themes in which brass and percussion figure prominently. The time signature becomes (a conventional way of representing galloping cavalry) and rises to fortissimo until a single tam-tam stroke introduces a short lament. The third part of the overture reprises first the woodwind theme of the first part and then the whole of the first part, ending in a triumphal mood.
Premiere
Peterloo was commissioned from Arnold by the Trades Union Congress to commemorate the 100th anniversary of its first meeting. It was first performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by the composer, in the Royal Festival Hall, London, on 7 June 1968.
Reception
Early reviews of the score were mixed. Stephen Banfield judged that "it lacks any recognizable coherence that could focus and purge the emotions in the depiction of tragedy. It might have been serviceable as film music, but I see no future for the piece in the concert hall." Peter J. Pirie, conceding that "the music certainly makes up in fervour what it lacks in depth", called it "a romantic overture as good as most and better than some very popular examples of the kind".
Reviews of recordings have been similarly varied. One critic wrote that the overture's rhetoric does not quite come off, but that "the feeling of approaching menace at the opening is unforgettable". Malcolm MacDonald considered, as Banfield had, that it might have worked better as film music, but it has also been called "a highly effective encore" and "first-rate programme music".
Hugo Cole, in a book-length study of their music, noted that Arnold had intended it for a non-specialist audience, and wrote that "the message is forcefully put over in terms even the tone-deaf could hardly mistake". They acknowledged that "there is considerable skill in the way in which the forces of evil are stage-managed, and in which episode succeeds episode so that the impetus is never lost", but they thought that the lack of interaction between good and evil in the work meant that "the return of the nobile theme comes as something of an anticlimax – it has been nowhere, experienced nothing, since we first met it, and there seems no good musical reason why it should sail home in G major triumph". Paul R. W. Jackson, in 2003, identified the major influences on the first and last sections as Elgar and Walton, and on the "chilling and terrifying" central section, with its "cluster chords on the brass vividly portray[ing] the screams of the crowd, the whinnying of the horses and the chaos", as Shostakovich and Ives.
Arrangements
There have been at least four arrangements for wind band, by Charles Sayre, Hisaatsu Kondo, Munetoshi Senoo, and Terry Vosbein; also one for brass band by Andrew Duncan. An arrangement for chorus and orchestra by Ben Parry setting words by Sir Tim Rice was first performed in 2014 at the Royal Albert Hall, London, as part of the Last Night of the Proms.
Recordings
Original orchestral version
Charles Sayre arrangement for wind band
Hisaatsu Kondo arrangement for wind band
Munetoshi Senoo arrangement for wind band
Unknown arrangements for wind band
Terry Vosbein arrangement for wind ensemble
Andrew Duncan arrangement for brass band
Unknown arrangement for brass band
Footnotes
References
External links
Peterloo at YouTube
1968 compositions
British trade unions history
Compositions by Malcolm Arnold
Concert overtures
Funerary and memorial compositions
Peterloo massacre
Works about massacres
Works about the labor movement
Frederick Charles Toomer (born 19 February 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong Premier League club HKFC.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Yau Yee Football League profile
Full-Time profile
Living people
1992 births
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
National League (English football) players
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Eastleigh F.C. players
Hong Kong FC players
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Romsey Town F.C. players
Alresford Town F.C. players
Bemerton Heath Harlequins F.C. players
Footballers from Southampton
Sir David Kenneth Rowe-Ham, GBE (19 December 1935 – 21 July 2020) was a British chartered accountant. Rowe-Ham was educated at Dragon School and Charterhouse School.
They were Lord Mayor of London from 1986 to 1987. During their tenure, they initiated the Lord Mayor's Dragon Awards, awarded for community engagement.
References
Who Was Who
1935 births
2020 deaths
British accountants
20th-century lord mayors of London
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Bab Charki or the Eastern Gate in Arabic (Arabic: الباب الشرقي) is one of the gates of the medina of Sfax. This gate is located in the middle of the eastern front of the medina fence, just in front of Oran Park and the Tunisian Railways locals through the Army Boulevard.
From the inside, it gives access, by a staircase, to Driba Street which represents the east–west median axis of the medina.
The door has the shape of a semicircular arch and represents the eastern end of the median east–west axis that divides the medina longitudinally.
This gate, opened in March 1965, is the last opening that was done in order to decongest the medina and promote the exchange with the external areas.
References
See also
Charki
Hart Creek may refer to:
Hart Creek (Georgia)
Hart Creek (Spotted Bear River tributary), a stream in Montana
Hart Creek (South Dakota)
Joshua Edward Russell (August 9, 1867 – June 21, 1953) was an American politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1915 to 1917.
Early life and career
Born near Sidney, Ohio, Russell attended the common schools and Sidney High School.
They studied law with George A. Marshall.
They were admitted to the bar in 1893 and commenced practice in Sidney.
They served as member of the city board of education in 1894 and 1895.
City solicitor 1895-1899.
They served as member of the State senate 1905-1908.
Congress
Russell was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1917).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1916 to the Sixty-fifth Congress.
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law.
They died in Sidney, Ohio, June 21, 1953.
They were interred in Graceland Cemetery.
In 1894 Russell married Jennie C. Laughlin. They had one child. They were a member of the Masons, Knights of Pythias, Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks and Improved Order of Red Men.
References
Sources
1867 births
1953 deaths
People from Sidney, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The 1983 Nations motorcycle Grand Prix was the third race of the 1983 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on the weekend of 22–24 April 1983 at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza.
Classification
500 cc
References
Italian motorcycle Grand Prix
Nations
Nations
The 2007–08 National League A season, was the first ice hockey season of the National League A since the reorganization of the Swiss league and the 70th in the history of Swiss professional hockey. There were some rule changes to the standings and playoff format and the league officially changed its name to National League A.
Regular season
Playoffs
Relegation
EHC Biel, champions of the National League B, would later defeat EHC Basel Sharks, 4–0 to move up into the National League A. Therefore, Basel was relegated to the National League B.
References
sehv.ch
External links
hockeyfans.ch
LNA Regular Season 2007-2008
1
Swiss
Henry K. van Rensselaer, their given name Hendrick Kiliaen (July 25, 1744 – September 9, 1816) was a Colonel during the American Revolutionary War when they played a pivotal role in the Battle of Fort Anne.
Early life
Henry Kiliaen Van Rensselaer was born on July 25, 1744. They were the eldest son of nine children born to Col. Kiliaen Van Rensselaer (1717–1781) of the 4th Albany Regiment of Militia, by the former Ariaantie Schuyler (1720–1763). Among their siblings were brothers Philip K. Van Rensselaer and Killian K. Van Rensselaer.
Their paternal grandfather was Hendrick van Rensselaer, who built Fort Crailo.
Military experience
Henry van Rensselaer engaged in a fierce battle near Fort Anne, acting on orders from General Philip Schuyler. They were given at least two objectives: hold the enemy at Fort Anne in order to facilitate the removal of cannon and armaments at Fort Amsterdam, to a place of safety; and assist Colonel Pierse Long with their retreat from the 1777 Battle of Ticonderoga.
Colonel John Hill and their British troops pursued the Rebels of the Crown from Lake Champlain up Wood creek to a point North East of Fort Anne. As planned, Van Rensselaer met Long and their regiment from New Hampshire to assist in their retreat. Their objective was to slow British movement. They assessed a numerical advantage over the British. Meanwhile, what appeared to be an American traitor, tricked Colonel Hill into believing there were twice as many as the true amount of Rebel troops. This news may have made Hill act more cautiously than they had planned, knowing their reinforcements have not arrived and otherwise not wanting to be spotted in an unprovoked retreat.
A series of retreats and advances by the Patriots and the British culminated into a two sided bombardment. Van Rensselaer led an advance on British troops when they were shot in the thigh through to their knee, shattering their femur. As they lie near the British troops, they could hear little noise. They were confident the British were in retreat as they ordered their troops to "Attack! ...Attack"! Colonel van Rensselaer is credited for this critical decision in the battle of Fort Anne, July 8, 1777.
Not only were the British delayed, but forced into retreat after Van Rensselaer launched a decisive assault, spanning 2 hours of all-out battle. Nearly all munitions from both Patriots and British alike were exhausted on their opposing forces. The British were so overwhelmed, when the battle ended, they were left little choice - but to retreat and abandon several of their wounded on the field to be taken prisoner. Neither the Patriots nor the British knew their opponent's supplies were crucially low.
The Patriots proceeded to Fort Anne with their prisoners, two injured and two men who gave the ultimate sacrifice for liberty; Sgt. Isaac Davis and Ens. Christopher Walcutt.
Their stay at Fort Anne was short. They were looking forward to a 14-mile - seven-hour journey, munitions were nearly depleted, rain was on its way and food was in short supply. As they left they were determined in preventing the British from making use Fort Anne, it was set ablaze and Van Rensselaer's regiment placed every conceivable obstacle behind in their path by felling trees and rolling boulders into the road to hinder any British advance as the Rebels made their way to Fort Edward.
Personal life
They married Alida Bradt (1742–1795), a daughter of Hendrick Bradt and Rebecca (née Van Vechten) Bradt. Together, they had:
Catharine Van Rensselaer (1773–1846), who married Cornelius Schermerhorn (1769–1860) in 1793.
Solomon Van Vechten Van Rensselaer (1774–1852), who married their first cousin, Harriet Van Rensselaer (1775–1840), daughter of Philip Kiliaen van Rensselaer
John Henry Van Rensselaer (1778–1838), who married Maria Lansing (1780–1848).
After their first wife's death in 1795, they remarried to Nancy Gertrude Semons (1775–1876). Together, they were the parents of:
David Semons Van Rensselaer (1797–1880)
Killian Henry Van Rensselaer (1801–1881)
Van Rensselaer died on September 9, 1816. Their second wife lived a widowed life for more that sixty years until their death on December 30, 1876.
Descendants
They were the grandfather of Catharina Visscher Van Rensselaer Bonney, author of A Legacy of Historic Gleanings.
See also
Van Rensselaer family
References
Albany militia
1744 births
1816 deaths
Van Rensselaer's Regiment
Patriots in the American Revolution
People from Albany County, New York
New York (state) militiamen in the American Revolution
American spies during the American Revolution
Sandling railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the village of Sandling and the town of Hythe, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross. The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
History
The station was opened as Sandling Junction on 1 January 1888 by the South Eastern Railway (SER). The station was situated at the junction of the SER mainline (between and Folkestone and the Sandgate branch line that had opened in 1874 between and .
There were four platforms with a footbridge over the mainline, two signal boxes and goods sidings either side of the branch line. The goods yard was able to accommodate most types of goods including live stock.
The up branch platform was closed when the line to Sandgate was cut back to Hythe and the branch line singled in 1931.
The station was host to a Southern Railway camping coach in 1939.
The branch line to Hythe was closed on 3 December 1951 and the down branch platform was closed. At the same time the station was renamed Sandling for Hythe.
A camping coach was also positioned here by the Southern Region from 1954 to 1959, the coach was replaced in 1960 by two Pullman camping coaches until 1964 then from 1965 to 1967 there were three of them. The coaches were fitted with a full kitchen, two sleeping compartments and a room with two single beds.
On 12 May 1980 the station was renamed as Sandling.
It is the closest station to Saltwood Castle (where Alan Clark lived until their death) and it is frequently mentioned in the Alan Clark Diaries.
In 2020 the disused branch platform is still in situ.
Facilities
The station has a ticket office which is staffed during weekday mornings only (06:20-13:00 Mon-Fri). At other times, the station is unstaffed and tickets must be purchased from the self-service ticket machine. The station has passenger help points located on each of the two platforms.
The station has a small cycle rack as well as a chargeable car park at the entrance, operated by Saba Parking.
The station has step-free access available to the London bound platform although the Dover bound platform can only be reached via the footbridge meaning step-free access is not possible.
Services
All services at Sandling are operated by Southeastern using Class 375 EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London Charing Cross via
1 tph to
During the peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street and there is also 1 train per day to .
Bus Connections
The station is served by the following bus routes, all operated by Stagecoach South East:
10/10A to Ashford and Folkestone
18 to Canterbury and Hythe
References
External links
Transport in Folkestone and Hythe
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1888
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1888 establishments in England
"Computer Love" is a song performed by American funk band Zapp, issued as the fourth and final single from their fourth studio album The New Zapp IV U. Featuring vocals by Shirley Murdock and Charlie Wilson and written by Murdock, Zapp Band leader Roger Troutman and their brother Larry Troutman, the single peaked at number 8 on the Billboard R&B chart in 1986.
Background
In an interview with Wilson, the song's idea was presented to them by Troutman, during a particular phone call around 3 am. A music video was also discussed between Roger and Charlie for the single. However, this did not come to fruition, due to opposition from the label that Wilson was signed to at the time. The fact that both singers were from rival bands played a hand in the opposition as well. However, the two maintained their close friendship, and would perform often the song together on stage.
Chart positions
Cover versions
In 1989, Janet Kay did a cover of this song on their third album, Sweet Surrender.
Samples
"Computer Love" has been sampled on the following songs:
"I Found it in You" by Ashanti from their 2005 compilation album Collectables by Ashanti
"In the Hood (Remix) featuring Mookie" by Donell Jones from their 1996 album My Heart
"Wanna Make Love" by Blackstreet from their eponymous solo debut album
"Thug Passion" by 2Pac feat Dramacydal (aka Outlawz) and Jewell from the album All Eyez On Me
"Love" by Eric B. from the album Eric B.
"Download" by Lil' Kim feat T-Pain and Charlie Wilson
"Reminisce" by Blazin' Squad
“Temptations” by 2Pac from the album Me Against the World
"Piru Love" by Bloods & Crips from the album Bangin' on Wax
"I Get Around" by 2Pac featuring Shock-G and Money-B from the album Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z.
"Love Thru the Computer" by Gucci Mane featuring Justin Bieber from the album Delusions of Grandeur
"Hold Me" by Brian McKnight from the album Anytime
"Something New" by Wiz Khalifa featuring Ty Dolla Sign from the album Rolling Papers 2
"Bad Habits" by Usher
"Tasty Love" by Sean Levert of the group LeVert from the album The Other Side
"Stuck." by Durand Bernarr and Ari Lennox from the album Dur&
"Stars Align" by Majid Jordan feat. Drake
"U 2 Luv" by Ne-Yo and Jeremih
References
External links
Computer Love: How Charlie Wilson & Roger Troutman created the idea and it became a reality
1985 songs
1986 singles
Song recordings produced by Roger Troutman
Songs written by Shirley Murdock
Songs written by Larry Troutman
Songs written by Roger Troutman
Warner Records singles
Zapp (band) songs
Phyllonorycter oregonensis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Oregon, United States.
The wingspan is about 7 mm.
The larvae feed on Symphoricarpos species, including Symphoricarpos albus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
oregonensis
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1889
Lake Ōkāreka (also spelled Okareka) is one of four small lakes lying between Lake Rotorua and Lake Tarawera, in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island. The others are Lake Rotokakahi (Green Lake), Lake Tikitapu (Blue Lake), and Lake Okataina. All lie within the Okataina caldera, along its western edge.
Geography
The lake has a circumference of and lies about above Lake Tarawera. Its outlet flows underground for half a mile and forms the Waitangi waterfall. In fact, the Ōkāreka lake seems to be connected with Tarawera by underground channels.
History
This is small and little-visited lake is surrounded by hills nearly everywhere, and is a heavy hunting area. It is quite near, but out of sight from the tourist motor route of Rotorua and Tarawera. A side road, Tarawera Road, gives access to it. During the late 19th century, settlers acquired some of the land around it, and built houses on Ōkāreka. Some of the frontage is still in private hands, but the greater part of the basin in which the lake lies has now become residential property.
Ōkāreka means "the lake of sweet food". It was first described in print by Sir George Grey, who visited it on the course of their travels through Rotorua to Taupo in 1849-1850. The route from Ohinemutu to Tarawera was a track which skirted the shore of Ōkāreka and reached the large lake, near the mission station called Galilei. Grey's journal reads:
Grey is also presumed to have introduced Dama Wallaby to the area around Ōkāreka, where they presently still pose a problem.
The shores of Ōkāreka were a scene of Māori life. Cultivations along the lake were common, and Māori fished the waters for whitebait, koura crayfish and toitoi, which were common species in Lake Ōkāreka before Brown trout was introduced. In the 1860s, Alfred Domett visited Ōkāreka and Tarawera, following a similar path to the one that Grey took.
Known for its natural environment, this lake has an adjacent settlement of approximately 600 people. The lake is accessible from the tourist location of Rotorua. The forest nearby to Lake Ōkāreka extends to the western side of Lake Okataina and the Whakapoungakau Range.
Pollution
Lake Ōkāreka has reasonably clear, clean water and is used extensively for recreation such as boating, swimming and fishing. However, the quality of the water has been declining over recent years due to excess levels of nitrogen and phosphorus. These nutrients come from surrounding farmland, residential septic tanks and from the release of existing and accumulated nutrients from sediments on the lake bed.
The Lake Ōkāreka Catchment Management Plan was developed in 2004. This is a long-term plan to improve the water quality of the
lake, through changes like sewage reticulation, in-lake chemical treatment and farm nutrient management. It has been calculated that
the load nutrients needed to reach the target TLI of 3.0 are 2.5 tonnes per year of nitrogen and 0.08 tonnes per year of phosphorus.
The Trophic Level Index (TLI) is an overall indication of lake health based on a number of different criteria, values represent a three-yearly average. Better quality sites have a lower TLI. The three-yearly average for Ōkāreka indicates little change over the last five years.
See also
Lakes of New Zealand
References
External links
Environment Bay of Plenty - Regional Council page
Lake Okareka Ratepayers' & Residents' Association
Lakes of the Bay of Plenty Region
Okataina Volcanic Centre
Volcanic crater lakes
Sylvie Cuvilly (born January 10, 1965 in Arras) is a French sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. They were eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Arras
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
French female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of France
Psychofagist (pronounced sahy-kohf-uh-jist, from Ancient Greek element psykho- meaning "mind, mental" and Latin suffix -phagus or -fagus meaning "to eat") is a band originally formed in 2002 in Novara, Italy.
Their style can be described as an avant-garde grindcore which incorporates elements of noise music, technical death metal, punk jazz and free improvisation.
Psychofagist recorded two full-length studio albums, four split-CDs, one CD-EP and one 7"-EP.
Their debut was a split-CD with Belgian grindcore band Hybrid Viscery, entitled Selfless Spite (2003), while their first self-titled full-length album was released in 2004. It was followed by some split and EP releases, until the follower Il Secondo Tragico came out in December 2009. At the beginning of 2011 the band started to work on their latest release, a split-CD with polish industrial-grinders Antigama entitled 9 Psalms of an Anti-music to come, which was issued in January 2012, featuring a cover version of Tom Waits's "Misery Is the River of the World".
On 9 December 2013, the band announced through their Facebook page that the band was no longer active. Guitarist Stef and drummer Fed went on to form experimental metal band Syk with singer Dalila Kayros and bassist Luca Pissavini. The band has since released two albums, atoma (2014) and I-Optikon (2016) through Philip Anselmo's Housecore Records.
Over the years, Psychofagist have played about 140 shows, including international festivals, and shared the stage with acts such as Brutal Truth, Zu, Ephel Duath, Extreme Noise Terror, Damo Suzuki, Misery Index, and Fuck the Facts.
Members
Marcello Sarino – vocals and bass
Stefano Ferrian – guitar
Federico de Bernardi di Valserra – drums
Former members
Luca T. Mai – baritone saxophone (2008, 2011)
Luca Fiameni – drums (2003, 2007)
Discography
2004 – Psychofagist (Subordinate Productions)
2009 – Il Secondo Tragico (Subordinate Productions)
2013 – Songs of Faint and Distortion (Fobofile Productions)
Split albums
2003 – Selfless Spite (Amputated Vein Records, con gli Hybrid Viscery)
2007 – A Bullet Sounds the Same (In Every Language) (Bar La Muerte, with OvO and Inferno)
2008 – Raiz Diabolica (NothingPositive Records, with Thousandswilldie)
2012 – 9 Psalms of an Antimusic to Come (Subordinate Productions, with Antigama)
EPs
2008 – Raiz Epileptica (Concubine Records)
2009 – The Optician (The Spew Records)
2012 – Unique.Negligible.Forms.
References
External links
Italian heavy metal musical groups
Grindcore musical groups
Mathcore musical groups
Walter Hochmaier (born 28 September 1968) is an Austrian footballer. They played in three matches for the Austria national football team in 1994.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Duke Cheng of Jin (, died 600 BC) was from 606 to 600 BC the ruler of the State of Jin, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China. Their ancestral name was Ji, given name Heitun, and Duke Cheng was their posthumous title. They were the youngest son of Duke Wen of Jin, and succeeded their nephew Duke Ling of Jin, when Zhao Dun and Zhao Chuan killed Duke Ling and installed Heitun on the throne.
During the seven years of Duke Cheng's reign Jin attacked the states of Zheng, Chu, Qin, and Chen. Duke Cheng died in 600 BC and was succeeded by their son Duke Jing of Jin.
References
Year of birth unknown
Monarchs of Jin (Chinese state)
7th-century BC Chinese monarchs
600 BC deaths
The 6th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, and film comedy of 2004. The awards ceremony was held on 22 October 2005 during the five-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival in London, Ontario. The ceremony was hosted by Bruce Hunter as Rocko the Dog.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 20 categories. Winners were picked by members of ACTRA (Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists), the Canadian Actors' Equity Association, the Writers Guild of Canada, the Directors Guild of Canada, and the Comedy Association.
Nominations were led by the film Ham & Cheese with six nominations, followed by TV series Corner Gas and This Hour Has 22 Minutes with five apiece. Corner Gas won two Beavers, as did Kristen Thomson for the film I, Claudia and Levi Macdougall for their Comedy Now! show. The Chairman's Award went to producer Andrew Alexander of The Second City.
Festival
The 6th Canadian Comedy Awards and Festival ran from 18 to 22 October 2005 in London, Ontario, its third year in the city. Each day featured talent showcases beginning with the Funniest Person in London Contest, sketch, stand-up and improv shows, and an all-star gala hosted by Seán Cullen. Among the highlights was the Jokers vs. Knights Alumni charity hockey game which mixed two of Canada's favourite pastimes, with two teams of comics, celebrities and retired professional hockey players aided by guest announcers, coaches, and musicians.
Ceremony
The 6th Canadian Comedy Awards ceremony was held on 22 October 2005, hosted by Bruce Hunter as Rocko the Dog, the character they played on Puppets Who Kill. Hunter had won the Beaver for Best Male Improviser in 2001.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Live
Television
Film
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Mia Münster (April 1, 1894 – May 21, 1970) was a German artist.
Life
Münster was born and grew up in Sankt Wendel in Saarland, Germany. In 1912 they moved to Düsseldorf and enrolled in an art school. They took lessons from the artists Otto Weil and Richard Wenzel until 1919, when they moved to Halle and studied until 1920 at the Leipzig Academy of Visual Arts. After that they studied until 1922 at the School of Applied Arts in Munich (now part of the Academy of Fine Arts). During this period they worked for various magazines as well as for the "Moewe-Filmverlag", a cartoon studio.
In 1924 Münster obtained a teaching position at the newly founded State School of Arts and Crafts (Staatliche Schule für Kunst und Kunstgewerbe), now "Saar College of Visual Arts" in Saarbrücken. Over the following two years they studied at the Reimann School in Berlin, a private academy for decoration and commercial art. They returned to Sankt Wendel from 1926 to 1928, and then back to Berlin until 1932. Subsequently, they returned home to Sankt Wendel again where they finally settled and worked as a free-lance artist. From 1940 on they traveled widely in Lorraine, Italy, Spain and in various regions of France, from which they acquired influences for their painting. Mia Münster died at age 76 in 1970 in Sankt Wendel.
Work
Münster belonged to the generation of artists popularly termed the lost generation, born roughly between 1890 and 1910. These artists received little or no respect in the art world in the period after World War II because abstract art was fashionable and older artists, who still worked in figurative style, were mostly ignored.
During their time in Berlin and Munich Münster made their living producing commercial art. They drew fashion illustrations and prepared designs and drawings for German entertainment magazines and satirical publications. In addition they produced illustrations for extravagant costumes and clothing for the special occasions which were popular in the "Golden Twenties". Münster captured the spirit of the times, marked initially by exuberance and later by insecurity and impoverishment, in many drawings, watercolors, and sketches.
After they had finally settled in Sankt Wendel they devoted themselves to other themes. Them cycle of paintings Lorraine Images (Lothringer Bilder), created after a trip to the nearby Lorraine region of France, is ranked among their best work. A break in their artistic work followed; their earlier figurative work was followed by non-representational abstraction whose stylistic elements, especially Cubism, which they adopted under the influence of contemporary tastes.
After this phase, roughly around the beginning of the 1960s, they came in contact with the—new to her—technique, the Monotype. Here they developed a unique, refined style, continuing with Abstractionism.
Honors and acknowledgements
The Mia Münster House in Sankt Wendel, opened in 1989, was named after them It houses the city library and the Sankt Wendel Museum with a permanent exhibition of their work.
To honor Münster the city created the Mia Münster Prize to recognize outstanding artists from around the region.
Individual exhibitions
1964 St. Wendel
1969 Old City Hall, St. Wendel
1970 Elitzer Gallery, Saarbrücken
1977 Galerie im Zwinger, St. Wendel: Mia Münster retrospective
1980 Galerie Bosener Mühle, Bosen: Mia Münster retrospective
1984 Galerie im Hof, St. Wendel: Mia Münster 90th birthday celebration
1994 Mia Münster House, St. Wendel: Mia Münster 100th birthday celebration
1995 Mia Münster House, St. Wendel
2000 Salzbrunnenhaus, Sulzbach
2002 Mia Münster House, St. Wendel: Fashion Design in the 1920s
2010 Mia Münster House, St. Wendel: 180 works from their estate
Works in public spaces (selection)
1953 School for Learning Disabled (Baltersweiler): wall painting
1953-54 Rastpfuhl Elementary and day school (Saarbrücken): sgraffito
1955 Primary school (St. Wendel Bliesen): Mural
1956 School of Home Economics (Freisen): Mural
1957 Primary school (St. Wendel-Oberlinxweiler): Mural
1958 Dr. Josef Bruch School (St. Wendel): column and wall decoration
1960 Primary school (Grügelborn): Mural
1960 Primary school (Schwarzenacker): Mural
1961 Primary school (Bosen): mosaic wall
1962 Nicholas Obertreis School (St. Wendel): mosaic wall decoration
1962 Nicholas Obertreis School (St. Wendel): Stained glass window
1963 primary school (Roschberg): Wall decoration
1964 Wingert School (St. Wendel): Wall painting,
1964 Primary and secondary school (Eiweiler): Wall decoration
1964 County Commissioner's Office, large meeting room (St. Wendel): Wall decoration
1966 Primary School (Oberkirchen): Wall mosaic and stained glass window
1966 Primary school (Furschweiler): glass mosaics
1968-69 Administration Building of Globus Handleshof (St. Wendel): Wall painting
References
External links
Saar Artists Encyclopedia (Künstlerlexikon Saar) (text in German, but contains photos of a selection of Münster's work)
Museum St. Wendel:Mia Münster (in German)
1894 births
1970 deaths
People from Sankt Wendel (district)
Academy of Fine Arts, Munich alumni
Helcystogramma sertigera is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1923. It is found in Peru.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are glossy blue leaden and with a streak of blackish suffusion on the fold from one-fifth to near the middle of the wing. There is a small yellow-ochreous spot in the disc at two-fifths, from which a streak of blackish suffusion runs to a broad irregular-edged yellow-ochreous transverse fascia at three-fourths, preceded by blackish suffusion and including an irregular blue-leaden blotch. The terminal area beyond this is chestnut brown, with three minute yellow-whitish dots on the costa. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1923
sertigera
Moths of South America
Rudolf Geiter (18 April 1913 – 30 September 1978) was an Austrian football forward who played for Austria. They also played for Wiener Sport-Club and Grasshopper Zürich.
External links
1913 births
1978 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association football forwards
Wiener Sport-Club players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
The beach scaly-toed gecko (Lepidodactylus pantai) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Maluku Islands in Indonesia and was first described in 2017.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 2017
Endemic fauna of Indonesia
Reptiles of Indonesia
Zariquiegui is a locality and council located in the municipality of Cizur, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 178.
Geography
Zariquiegui is located 11km southwest of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
The Anglican Diocese of Bendigo is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia. It is situated in the Bendigo region of the state of Victoria, Australia. Its geographic remit extends from that part of Victoria that lies north of the Great Dividing Range and west of the Goulburn River to the border with the state of South Australia. The diocesan cathedral is St Paul's Cathedral, Bendigo. The diocese was separated from the Diocese of Melbourne in 1902, with Henry Archdall Langley installed as the first bishop. The current bishop, Matt Brain, was installed on 17 February 2018.
History
The diocese was separated from the Diocese of Melbourne in 1902, at the same time as the creation of the dioceses of Wangaratta and Gippsland. In 1977, the Diocese of St Arnaud, which had been separated from the Diocese of Ballarat in 1926, was disbanded and merged with Bendigo.
The original cathedral church of the diocese was All Saints, Bendigo, but since 1981 the cathedral church has been St Paul's. Since 17 February 2018 the Bishop of Bendigo has been the Right Reverend Matt Brain.
The Gannawarra Cluster is an initiative by the diocese in providing a team of locally ordained clergy to offer ministry to three geographically connected parishes, Cohuna, Kerang and Quambatook.
Bishops of Bendigo
Deans of Bendigo
1902 John Christian MacCullagh (1st Dean of Bendigo)
1917 Wilfred Ernest Holtzendorff Percival
1928 Donald Haultain
1932 Edward Schweiger
1940 Wilfred Frederick Dau
1951 Charles Frederick Hulley
1956 The Rt Revd Charles Lawrence Riley
1957 The Rt Revd Ronald Edward Richards
1973 Alex G. McKenzie
1980 Ray Elliott
1986 John Bedford
1989 - 1993 John W. Stewart
2006 Peta Sherlock
2012 John Roundhill
2018 Elizabeth Dyke
See also
South East Bendigo
References
External links
Diocese of Bendigo website
St Paul's Cathedral, Bendigo
Parish of South East Bendigo
Gannawarra Cluster
Bendigo
1902 establishments in Australia
Bendigo
Anglican bishops of Bendigo
Deans of Bendigo
Archdeacons of Bendigo
Archdeacons of The Murray
Archdeacons of Kyneton
The Border Legion is a lost 1924 American silent Western film directed by William K. Howard and starring Antonio Moreno and Helene Chadwick. Written by George C. Hull and based on the 1916 novel The Border Legion by Zane Grey, the film is about a cowboy who is wrongly accused of murder and is rescued by the leader of a band of Idaho outlaws known as the Border Legion. When the outlaws kidnap a young woman, the cowboy knows that they must help the woman escape. The film premiered on October 19, 1924 in New York City and was released in the United States on November 24, 1924 by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
After Joan Randle (Helene Chadwick) accuses their fiancé Jim Cleve (Antonio Moreno) of being worthless, Jim travels to Idaho where they are wrongly accused of murder.  They are rescued by Kells (Rockliffe Fellowes), the leader of a band of outlaws known as the Border Legion. Jim decides to join the outlaw band.
Meanwhile, Joan regrets how they treated their former sweetheart and follows them out West, where they are captured by Kells and is forced to shoot them in self-defense. In the coming days, Joan nurses Kells back to health, and the grateful outlaw soon falls in love with them During a mining camp raid, Jim and Joan manage to escape, but while traveling by stagecoach, the legion catches up to them, Jim is shot and left for dead, and Joan is taken captive.
At the hideout, Kells and Gulden (Gibson Gowland) cut cards to see who ends up with Joan and the gold from the recent raid. Gulden wins the cut, but just then an injured Jim arrives and tries to save Joan from their dastardly captors. During the struggle, Kells and Gulden draw guns on each other, and both are killed in the exchange. Jim and Joan are reunited.
Cast
Antonio Moreno as Jim Cleve
Helene Chadwick as Joan Randle
Rockliffe Fellowes as Kells
Gibson Gowland as Gulden
Charles Ogle as Harvey Roberts
Jim Corey as Pearce
Eddie Gribbon as Blicky
Luke Cosgrave as Bill Randle
Critical response
The Border Legion received a mixed review in Variety magazine.
Adaptations
The 1916 novel The Border Legion by Zane Grey was first adapted to film in 1918 with The Border Legion, directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Blanche Bates, Hobart Bosworth, and Eugene Strong. This 1924 adaptation directed by William K. Howard and starring Antonio Moreno and Helene Chadwick was the second silent film version produced by Paramount Pictures. Paramount would produce two more adaptations. In 1930, the first sound film adaptation was directed by Otto Brower and Edwin H. Knopf, The Border Legion, starring Jack Holt and Fay Wray. Finally in 1934, The Last Round-Up was released, directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Randolph Scott and Barbara Fritchie.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
1924 films
1924 Western (genre) films
Films based on works by Zane Grey
American black-and-white films
Films directed by William K. Howard
Lost Western (genre) films
Lost American films
1924 lost films
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s American films
Eilema notifera is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Max Saalmüller in 1880. It is found on Madagascar.
Subspecies
Eilema notifera notifera
Eilema notifera antsalova Toulgoët, 1960
References
notifera
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Bristol, Tennessee, in the United States. On 8 January 1959 it was flown by a Douglas DC-3A registered N18941. On approach to Tri-Cities Regional Airport at Bristol, the aircraft crashed into the Holston Mountain range with the loss of all on board.
Accident
The aircraft departed McGhee Tyson Airport outside of Knoxville 27 minutes late on what was the second leg of the flight with seven passengers and three crew. The DC-3A was cleared for an approach to runway 27 at Tri-Cities Regional Airport. The visibility at the airport was 3 miles (4.8 km) in light snow and fog with a 900-foot (274 m) broken ceiling and overcast at 1,700 feet (518 m). The crew reported problems with the automatic direction finder and they were unable to find the outer marker visually or aurally. The aircraft passed to the east of the outer marker and while outside the normal procedure turn area descended and hit the wooded slope on the north-west side of the Holston Mountain range, killing all 10 people on board.
Probable cause
Following an investigation of the accident, the investigation board reported "The Board determines the probable cause of this accident was the failure of the pilot to identify Gray intersection properly and their decision to continue an ILS (instrument landing system) approach contrary to company and regulatory procedures".
References
Citations
Bibliography
Accidents and incidents involving the Douglas DC-3
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 1959
Airliner accidents and incidents in Tennessee
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Southeast Airlines (1956) accidents and incidents
1959 in Tennessee
John Carney (born January 23, 1958 in Des Moines, Iowa) is a professional sleight-of-hand artist, author and comic actor. They have won Hollywood's Magic Castle award for Magician of the Year seven times. In 1988 and 1991, they were an award winner at the world FISM magic championships. Carney studied under Dai Vernon.
Carney's performances include corporate speaking and entertainment for parties and other events, as well as their theatre show, Carney's Wonders. They have performed in casinos in Atlantic City, Lake Tahoe and Las Vegas. They have also appeared on The Jerry Seinfeld HBO Special and CBS Magicians Favorite Magicians, David Letterman's Late Show, and has served as a spokesperson for MasterCard, performing magic for their national television commercials.
Carney is also a teacher of magic, having lectured and conducted seminars around the world. They have written five books, Carney Knowledge, Carneycopia, Magic By Design, The Book of Secrets and Wizard Academy.
Carney currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
References
External links
Official John Carney homepage
American magicians
1958 births
Living people
The Wicked League () is a 2015 Hong Kong sitcom series produced by Hong Kong Television Network. The first episode premiered on 22 June 2015.
Cast
David Chiang
Yuen Wah
Kwok Fung
Pai Piao
Peter Lai
Lee Fung
Fung So-bor
May Tse
Cheng Shu-fung
Wong Ching
Bonnie Wong
Crystal Leung
Rachel Lam
Release
A 6-minute preview was released on HKTV's YouTube channel on 16 June 2015.
References
External links
Official website
Hong Kong Television Network original programming
2015 Hong Kong television series debuts
2010s Hong Kong television series
Charlbury Hill is a hill near the villages of Hinton Parva and Bishopstone in the Borough of Swindon, England.
Historically within Wiltshire, the hill lies just north of The Ridgeway. The summit is 253m (830ft) above sea level with a prominence of 64 metres (210 feet). The hill is classified as a TuMP (hill of 30m or greater prominence) on the Database of British and Irish Hills. There is an Ordnance Survey (OS) triangulation pillar (TP1392 Charlbury Hill) located 6m away from the highest point. The top of the hill is open access land with a permissive path from The Ridgeway.
Name
Andrews and Dury's A Topographical Map of Wiltshire (1773) gives the name as Shelbarrow Hill and later maps give the name Shalborough Hill. It has also been called Skelbarrow Hill and has been spelt Charbury Hill.
The OS first edition one-inch-to-the-mile map (1829–1830) gives the current name and spelling of Charlbury Hill which has been used since, including the current OS 1:25k Explorer and 1:50k Landranger maps.
History
Despite the close proximity to The Ridgeway and other ancient sites such as Liddington Castle, there have been no archaeological discoveries recorded on the hilltop. There are two mounds resembling barrows but these have been recorded as natural features.
The hill is a popular viewing point but has also been the site of antisocial behaviour.
References
External links
Charlbury Hill on Hill Bagging
Charlbury Hill on Harold Street
Hills of Wiltshire
Borough of Swindon
Parorjo (possibly from Quechua paru brownish, grey-brown, urqu mountain) is a mountain in the Urubamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Calca Province, Lares District. Its summit is high. Parorjo is situated at the Lares trek north of Chicón and Sirihuani and west of Pucaorjo ("red mountain"). One of the nearest populated places is Quishuarani. There is a small lake at its feet named Parococha.
See also
Queuñacocha
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Mar del Plata (also known as Mar del Plata Norte) is a former railway station in the homonymous city of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Opened in 1886, the station was closed when the new railway and bus terminal was opened in 2011.
History
In August 1861, Edward Lumb, a British entrepreneur, requested the concession of a railway line, initially projected to run from Constitución to Chascomús, 120 km from Buenos Aires.
During a visit to Mar del Plata, Governor of Buenos Aires, Dardo Rocha, saw the potential of the city, assuring a promising future for it. Before leaving the city, they promised to call manager of Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway (the British company that had built the lines in the south of the province), Guillermo Moores, to request the extension of the railway line from Maipú to Mar del Plata. Moreover, Rocha stated that in case the BAGSR declined the request, the Provincial Government would finance the construction of the line to the coast city.
On September 26, 1886, the first train arrived to the city of Mar del Plata, which was the main tourist destination during summer season.
By 1910 Mar del Plata was the main beach city of Argentina, receiving a huge number of tourists during the summer. Due to the intense traffic of passengers, the railway station exceeded its capacity and the Municipality demanded the company to increase the facilities. The company had always denied to this request alleging that the station was only overcrowded during two months per year (the period of summer season in Argentina).
During the first decade of the 20th century, the urban development of Mar del Plata moved from the downtown to the South West (nearest to the coast) so the train station was far from the residences and hotels where the tourist were hosted. In June 1908, the Congress promulgated Law 5.535, authorizing the BAGSR to build a new station in Mar del Plata.
With a project designed by Belgian Architect Jules Dormal, works began in 1909 and finished one year later, when the station building began to be constructed. The project of the company also included to extend the tracks to the city of Miramar. The new station in Mar del Plata (named "Mar del Plata Sud") was opened on December 1, 1910, although the main building was not still finished, so a provisional wooden-structure was opened to the public for the 1910–11 summer season.
As Mar del Plata Norte remained active, the Sud station would be only used during the summer seasons. It had two large platforms, the main building, a post warehouse, and a signal cabin. When the new station opened, all the trains that arrived to the old station were reprogrammed to make their arrival to the South station.
When the entire Argentine railway network was nationalised in 1948, Mar del Plata became part of General Roca Railway, one of the six divisions of state-owned Ferrocarriles Argentinos.
On May 3, 1949, the Mar del Plata Sud station was definitively closed so Mar del Plata Norte became the only station in the city. In 1951 Ferrocarriles Argentinos acquired a total of 46 coaches from American Budd Company, used for The Marplatense, a luxury service from Buenos Aires to Mar del Plata. In 1952 the FADEL locomotives were added to tow the Marplatense express with a journey time of 3 hours and 45 minutes.
FA ran trains until 1993 when the service was taken over by Ferrobaires, a company owned by the Buenos Aires Province. Ferrobaires operated the standard services between Mar del Plata and Buenos Aires until its closure in 2018.
In 2009, the bus terminus (that had operated in the former Mar del Plata Sud station building, on Alberti street) moved to a new building, very close to the still active Mar del Plata Norte railway station in the centre of the city. It was also announced that the old building would be preserved as a cultural centre, designed by Arq. César Pelli.
Two years later, the rail tracks were extended to connect with the bus station, adding new platforms to receive trains arriving from Constitución in Buenos Aires, therefore the old station entered into disuse.
Historic operators
See also
Mar del Plata railway and bus station
Mar del Plata Sud railway station
Bibliography
References
Railway stations in Buenos Aires Province
Railway stations opened in 1886
Railway stations closed in 2011
Mar del Plata
Defunct railway stations in Argentina
The following is a list of SingStar games released for the PlayStation 2 video game console. The tables list the songs available in each game, with the country of availability indicated by two-letter country codes. For games that were localised for multiple markets, songs are either indicated as present ("Yes") or absent ("No") in the track list for each region.
The first game in the series, SingStar, was released in Europe and Oceania in 2004. , over twenty games in the SingStar series have been released in English-speaking territories, including a small number in North America.
Most SingStar games are loosely based upon musical genres, such as rock or pop music (SingStar Rocks! and SingStar Pop respectively). Artist-specific SingStar games have been released, featuring artists such as ABBA, Queen, Take That, Die Toten Hosen, Kent and Mecano.
SingStar
SingStar '80s
All non-English releases which are not in the table have the same tracklist as UK.
SingStar '90s
All non-English releases have the same tracklist as UK.
SingStar ABBA
All releases have the same tracklist as UK.
SingStar Amped
SingStar Anthems
All releases have the same tracklist as UK.
SingStar Boy Bands vs Girl Bands
Singstar Chart Hits
This is an Australian and New Zealand only game.
SingStar Country
SingStar Hottest Hits
SingStar Legends
(Titled SingStar Legendat in Finland)
SingStar Motown
SingStar Party
SingStar Pop (known as SingStar Popworld in the UK and as Singstar - Svenska Hits in Sweden)
SingStar Pop Hits
SingStar Pop Vol 2
SingStar Queen
SingStar R&B
SingStar Rock Ballads
SingStar Rocks!
SingStar Singalong With Disney
SingStar Summer Party (known as SingStar Party Hits in Australia)
SingStar Takes That
See also
List of songs in SingStar games (PlayStation 3)
References
External links
SingStar catalogues:
Australia
United Kingdom
United States
Lists of songs in music video games
SingStar
PlayStation 2
2
Boitumelo Maxwell Babuseng is a South African advocate and retired politician.  They are the current chairperson of the National Bar Council of South Africa in the Northern Cape. Babuseng served as a Member of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature for the Democratic Alliance (DA) from May 2014 until November 2019.
Babuseng retired from politics in October 2019. Their last day in the legislature was on 30 November 2019. They have since returned to the Bar.
References
External links
Boitumelo Maxwell Babuseng
Living people
People from the Northern Cape
Members of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
21st-century South African lawyers
21st-century South African politicians
Democratic Alliance (South Africa) politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is the list of programs that broadcast on Jack TV, a Filipino cable and satellite television network owned by Solar Entertainment Corporation.
Final Broadcast on Jack TV
U.S. TV Series
Sitcom
The Big Bang Theory
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
I Live with Models
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
The Last Man on Earth
People of Earth
Superstore
You're the Worst
Science Fiction, Superhero, Horror, Action and Drama Series
The 100
American Crime Story
American Horror Story
Arrow
Bates Motel
Chicago Fire
Elementary
Empire
The Flash
Gotham
Legends of Tomorrow
Mr. Robot
NCIS
Suits
Supergirl
Z Nation
Variety/Sketch/Musical
Rebel Music
Saturday Night Live
Reality/Game Shows
Brew Dogs
Best Bars in America
Car Matchmaker
Cosplay Melee
Drop the Mic
Hip Hop Squares
Penn & Teller: Fool Us
Sisterhood of Hip Hop
Skin Wars
Spartan: Ultimate Team Challenge
So You Think You Can Dance
Survivor (U.S.)
Tattoos After Dark
Undercover Boss
Documentary
Autopsy: The Last Hours of...
Killerpost
Who Do You Think You Are?
Entertainment News
TMZ
Talk Shows
Inside the Actors Studio
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Local Programs
Infotainment Programs
The Big Thing
Hype
Off The Wall
Special Features
Jack TV Preview
Jack TV Playlist
Previously broadcast on Jack TV
International programs
0-9
$25 Million Dollar Hoax
$#*! My Dad Says
24
30 Rock
666 Park Avenue
A
About a Boy
Aliens in America
Allen Gregory
Alphas
American Dad!
American Gladiators
America's Best Dance Crew
Andy Barker, P. I.
Arrested Development
The Art Of
The Avengers
B
Baby Looney Tunes
Back to You
Banzai
The Batman
Batman Beyond
Battleground
Beast Wars: Transformers
Beat the Geeks
Beat TV
Beauty and the Geek
Best Ink
Being Human
Ben 10
Billy & Billie
Blue Collar TV
Bob's Burgers
Bones
Brainiac: Science Abuse
Brand X with Russell Brand
Brickleberry
Burn Notice
C
Camp Lazlo
Chappelle's Show
Cheat!
Chelsea Lately
The Chicago Code
Chozen
Chowder
Chuck
Cinematech
Clipped
The Cleveland Show
The Comedians
Comedy Central Presents
Comedy Inc.
Conan
Constantine
Cooper Barrett's Guide to Surviving Life
Crank Yankers
D
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
A Day in the Life
Damien
Defiance
Defying Gravity
Distraction UK
Doogie Howser, M.D.
Dr. Katz
Drawn Together
E
The Event
Everybody Hates Chris
F
Family Guy
FilmFakers
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
Futurama
G
Glee
The Glee Project
Grimm
Ground Floor
H
Heavy Gear
Heroes of Cosplay
Heroes Reborn
HitRecord on TV
House
I
I Just Want My Pants Back
The Incredible Hulk
Insomniac with Dave Attell
J
Jackie Chan Adventures
The Jamie Kennedy Experiment
The Jay Leno Show
The Joe Schmo Show
Just For Laughs Gags
Just for Variety
Just Kidding
Justice League
Justice League Unlimited
K
Kelsey Grammer Presents: The Sketch Show
Kid Notorious
The Killing
King of the Hill
L
Last Comic Standing
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
Late Show with David Letterman
Legion of Super Heroes
Legit
Lie to Me
Live from Abbey Road
Loonatics Unleashed
The Loop
Louie
Lucifer
M
Mad
MADtv
Making History
Malcolm in the Middle
Man Seeking Woman
The Man Show
Man vs. Cartoon
Max Steel
Megas XLR
Merlin
The Messengers
Me, Myself & I
The Middle
Minority Report
Motormouth
Mulaney
My Gym Partner's a Monkey
My Name is Earl
N
Napoleon Dynamite
O
The Odd Couple
The Office (U.S.)
P
Parks and Recreation
Partners
Powerless
Person of Interest
The Powerpuff Girls
Premium Blend
Primetime Glick
Psych
Pushing Daisies
Pussycat Dolls Present: Girlicious
Pussycat Dolls Present: The Search for the Next Doll
R
Raising Hope
The Real Gilligan's Island
Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon"
Reno 911!
Revolution
Ride with Funkmaster Flex
Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory
Royal Pains
S
Salem
Samurai Jack
Scare Tactics
Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll
Shorties Watching Shorties
Sirens
Small Wonder
Snoop Dogg's Fatherhood
Sons of Anarchy
South Park
Spider-Man and Their Amazing Friends
Still Standing
Straight Plan for the Gay Man
Street Art Throwdown
Street Smarts
Stripperella
Surviving Jack
T
Terra Nova
That '70s Show
That's My Bush
Time After Time
Tommy Lee Goes to College
The Cleveland Show
The Simpsons
The Tomorrow People
The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
Touch
Trigger Happy TV
Two and a Half Men
U
Undateable
Unsupervised
W
The War at Home
The Wonder Years
Web Soup
Weekends at the DL
White Collar
Who Wants to be a Millionaire?
Who Wants to be a Superhero?
Wilfred
Worst Case Scenario
X
X-Men
X-Men: Evolution
X-Play
Y
You, Me and the Apocalypse
WWE programs
ECW
WWE
WWE Afterburn
WWE Bottom Line
WWE Experience
WWE Heat
WWE NXT
WWE Pay-Per-View
WWE Raw
WWE SmackDown
WWE Velocity
WWE Vintage Collection
Movie and specials block
Jack In The Box
Jack TV Handpicked
Jack Peep' Choice
Jack's Booth JackYardInformative
The Peep ShowInformercials
Shop TVSports Coverage
2005 Manila SEA Games Coverage
2008 Beijing Olympic Games Coverage
WWE Bragging Rights (2009–2010)
WWE Elimination Chamber (2010–2012)
WWE Extreme Rules (2010–2011)
WWE Hell in a Cell (2009–2011)
WWE Money in the Bank (2010–2011)
WWE Night of Champions (2008–2011)
WWE NXT Grand Finals (2010–2011)
WWE Over the Limit (2010–2011)
WWE Royal Rumble (2005–2012)
WWE SummerSlam (2006–2011)
WWE Survivor Series (2005–2011)
WWE TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs (2009–2011)
WWE Vengeance (2005–2007, 2011)
WWE Wrestlemania (2005–2011)
TV specials
Miss Universe 2016 (January 30, 2017)
59th Annual Grammy Awards (February 13, 2017)
60th Annual Grammy Awards (January 29, 2018)
61st Annual Grammy Awards'' (February 11, 2019)
See also
Jack TV
Solar Entertainment Corporation
Jack TV
Solar Entertainment Corporation
Alceste was a Magicienne class frigate of the French Navy, launched in 1780, that the British seized at the Siege of Toulon. They transferred them to the Kingdom of Sardinia, but the French recaptured them a year later in the action of 8 June 1794. The British captured them again at the action of 18 June 1799 and took them into service as HMS Alceste. In 1801 they became a floating battery and they were sold the next year.
Career
At the outbreak of the French Revolution, Alceste served in the Mediterranean until they were put in the reserved and disarmed in Toulon. The royalist insurrection found them there; the British, who supported the royalists, seized them and transferred them to the Kingdom of Sardinia before the conclusion of the Siege of Toulon.
The 32-gun Boudeuse recaptured them in the action of 8 June 1794. The French then took them back into French service. On 4 August 1794 Alceste and Vestale were off Cape Bon when they encountered and captured the brig . The French took Scout into service under existing name, but they wrecked on 12 December 1795 off Cadiz.
Under Captain Louis-Jean-Nicolas Lejoille, Alceste was part of Admiral Martin's squadron, which captured in 1795.
Jean Joseph Hubert took command of Alceste on 31 March 1795. They took part in the Battle of Hyères Islands, where they battled several British ships before rescuing Alcide.
In March 1796, Alceste ferried Jean-Baptiste Annibal Aubert du Bayet to their appointment as ambassador to Constantinople, along with military advisors.
From November 1796 to January 1797, Alceste patrolled the coasts of Italy under Captain Jean-François-Timothée Trullet.
They took part in the Expédition d'Égypte under Jean-Baptiste Barré, ferrying General Jean Reynier, and was later appointed to a squadron under Admiral Jean-Baptiste Perrée, which also comprised the frigates Junon and Alceste, and Courageuse, and the brigs Salamine and Alerte. In the action of 18 June 1799, captured Alceste.
Fate
The Royal Navy commissioned Alceste under Commander Thomas Bayley, who shortly thereafter received promotion to post captain in March 1800. They arrived at Chatham on 4 April. There they were registered as a sloop in July 1801 and fitted as a floating battery in August. They were sold at Sheerness on 20 May 1802 for £1,445.
See also
List of ships captured in the 18th century
Citations
References
Demerliac, Alain (1996) La Marine De Louis XVI: Nomenclature Des Navires Français De 1774 À 1792. (Nice: Éditions OMEGA).
Roche, Jean-Michel (2005) Dictionnaire des Bâtiments de la Flotte de Guerre Française de Colbert à nos Jours. (Group Retozel-Maury Millau), Vol. 1, p. 30.
Winfield, Rif & Stephen S Roberts (2015) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786 - 1861: Design Construction, Careers and Fates. (Seaforth Publishing).
Frigates of the Royal Navy
Age of Sail frigates of France
Ships built in France
Magicienne-class frigates
1780 ships
Captured ships
Floating batteries of the Royal Navy
The Documentary Organization of Canada (DOC) is a non-profit organization representing the interests of independent documentary filmmakers in Canada. Founded as the Canadian Independent Film Caucus (CIFC) in the 1980s Canada.
DOC advocates for documentary filmmakers nationwide on issues that affect the industry, and offers professional development workshops and networking opportunities. DOC was a founder of the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival in 1995,[2] and of the national magazine Point of View (POV).
History
The Documentary Organization of Canada (DOC) is the collective voice of Canada's independent documentary creators. DOC began in 1983 as the Canadian Independent Film Caucus (CIFC) to represent the interests of Canada's growing community of indi-doc filmmakers.
In 2008, DOC celebrated its 25th anniversary. It was founded by a dozen independent filmmakers who were invited and brought together by Cinema Canada magazine to a round table discussion of the film production scene. The following year, in 1983, a different group of filmmakers began meeting on their own in Toronto. These documentarians got together to discuss collective benefits (such as a dental plan), but it was a vital need for political representation and advocacy that inspired the group to create an organization of independent documentary filmmakers. They founded what would later be called the Canadian Independent Film Caucus (CIFC), which was subsequently incorporated as the Documentary Organization of Canada (DOC) in 2003.
DOC Chapters
DOC represents documentary filmmakers through its six chapters from coast-to-coast. The chapters are: DOC BC + Yukon + NWT, DOC Alberta, DOC Manitoba, DOC Ontario, DOC Quebec, and DOC Atlantic.
Vision
Documentary is widely recognized as an essential part of Canada's social fabric, fostering understanding and activating democratic discourse and social action.
Canada's thriving community of independent documentary creators benefits from a sustainable financing ecosystem, and distribution networks that bring Canadian documentaries to communities big and small, nationally and internationally.
Documentary production is rooted in a culture that values creative exploration, diversity of voice and expression, and deeply ethical practices anchored in respect, reciprocity and collaboration.
Canada's history of documentary storytelling is known and celebrated by society while new generations of creators are supported to constantly reimagine the genre.
Mission
The Documentary Organization of Canada (DOC) is the collective voice of Canada's independent documentary creators.
DOC:
Promotes Canadian documentary creators, documentary culture and the documentary community.
Champions the creative, social and cultural contributions of documentary, including its role in fostering civic engagement and a democratic society.
Advances the rights of documentary creators from historically marginalized, underrepresented and misrepresented groups in Canada to hold agency in storytelling and production.
Advocates for a thriving ecosystem for the production and distribution of documentaries across all platforms.
Advocates for equitable access to resources, fair compensation and safer spaces for all documentary creators.
Promotes a culture of documentary making based on honest creative exploration, inventiveness, respect, reciprocity, and responsible and ethical documentary practices.
Connects and supports diverse documentary creators across Canada.
Fosters connections with documentarians and stakeholder organizations internationally.
Organizational Values
These values continually guide and inspire DOC in all areas of internal and external activities, operations, programs and advocacy.
Respect
Inclusivity
Equity
Transparency
Responsibility
Reciprocity
Cultural Pluralism
Representation
Collaboration
Humility
Service
Active
Openness
Advocacy
DOC actively advocates on behalf of documentary filmmakers to obtain representation in forums where decisions are made about the production and distribution of documentary films and videos. Specifically, DOC seeks to strengthen institutions, funders, broadcasters, distributors, co-ops, and exhibitors which contribute to the production of independent film and video in Canada. DOC also attempts to eliminate conflicts between different sources of funding for documentary film.
DOC's advocacy mandate is established by the Executive Director and DOC's Advocacy Committee. As a member-driven organization, DOC aims to present a collective voice to institutions and industry partners.
Mandate
The Documentary Organization of Canada (DOC) is a member driven, not for profit, National Arts Service Organization, with charitable status.
Its mandate is to:
Support, promote and develop the art form of documentary creation;
Advocate on behalf of its members to foster an environment conducive to documentary production; and
Strengthen the sector within the broader screen industry.
Reports
DOC's advocacy work is informed by regular reports on the state of the documentary film industry. These reports are produced in collaboration with a variety of partners and provide data that supports lobbying efforts across the film and television sector.
DOC Institute
DOC Institute is an initiative of the Ontario chapter of the Documentary Organization of Canada. After several vital Canadian programs for filmmakers closed their doors, DOC Ontario undertook extensive research and conducted interviews with documentary practitioners to determine what they needed to make their films, make connections and make it. The result of that research is the DOC Institute. With the aim of supporting doc-makers' creative journeys, the DOC Institute is a hub for established and emerging voices in the non-fiction world. Through its program streams—the Masters Series, the Producers Exchange and DOC Connects—the DOC Institute offers essential professional development for documentary media artists of all levels.
Programs
DocSHIFT
DocSHIFT is a program that facilitates new creative partnerships and helps develop innovative digital and interactive documentaries through mentorship, prototype development, project incubators, training workshops, interviews with innovators in the field, case study research and networking opportunities. It also includes the docSHIFT Index, a comprehensive library of digital documentaries.
DocSHIFT is an initiative of chapter organization, DOC Toronto, and is made possible with the support of the Ontario Media Development Corporation on behalf of the Ministry of Culture, in partnership with the CFC Media Lab, Hot Docs, the National Film Board of Canada, Ryerson University, and the Bell New Media Fund.
Allan King Memorial Fund
In 2009, a documentary film giant, Allan King died and the documentary community came together to mark the loss with the creation of the Allan King Memorial Fund. The purpose of the commemorative fund was not only to honour their colleague, but to put money into the hands of the independent documentary filmmakers of the future. The fund was established by DOC with the filmmaker's family for the benefit of the Canadian documentary community.
Point of View
Point of View, also known as POV, is a magazine on documentary film. First established in 1990 by the DOC under the editorship of Wyndham Wise, it became independent in 2010 but remains in close collaboration with the DOC.
The magazine publishes feature content in paper form twice annually, but publishes news, reviews, interviews, and feature articles more regularly on its website.
Timeline
1983 – First meetings, first intervention letter. CIFC is founded in Toronto.
1985 – First newsletter is sent - by fax. It eventually becomes POV Magazine.
1988 – Montreal chapter (later to be known as Quebec chapter) is formed.
1991 – A National Executive is formed - John Walker, President.
1991 – First edition of POV Magazine, edited by Wyndham Wise – Geoff Bowie, first Publisher.
1992 — The CIFC was instrumental in bringing new documentary strands to public airwaves, including CBC's Witness and The Passionate Eye
1994 – The first edition of Hot Docs is held, now North America's biggest documentary-focused film festival. Paul Jay was Chair of CIFC and Founding Chair of Hot Docs.
1995 – Atlantic chapter is formed.
1996 – BC chapter is formed.
1997 – Hot Docs incorporates as a separate charitable organization.
1998 – First coast-to-coast National Executive elected - Gary Marcuse, Chair.
2003 – The CIFC changes its name to DOC.
2004 — DOC Quebec co-founded the RIDM Forum, the industry component of North America's largest francophone documentary festival.
2006 – Ottawa chapter is formed.
2006 – Newfoundland chapter is formed.
2007 – Winnipeg chapter is formed.
2008 – Alberta chapter is formed.
2009 – Newfoundland chapter folds.
2010 — DOC successfully advocated for the creation of the Canada Media Fund's English POV Program.
2013 — The Ontario Chapter launched the DOC Institute, a dedicated hub providing professional development activities for non-fiction professionals.
2019 — DOC launched a two-year free membership program for Indigenous filmmakers, encouraging greater representation and equity in Canada's film industry.
2020 — DOC launched Documentary Production in the Era of COVID-19: Best Practice by and for Documentary Filmmakers.
2021 — DOC launched a two-year free membership program for filmmakers who identify as Black, Indigenous, and/or Persons of Colour, encouraging greater representation and equity in Canada's film industry.
See also
Hot Docs
documentary (TV channel)
Cinema of Quebec
Cinema of Canada
National Film Board of Canada
References
External links
National DOC website
BC Chapter
Alberta Chapter
Winnipeg Chapter
Toronto Chapter
Ottawa-Gatineau Chapter
Quebec Chapter
Atlantic Chapter
POV Magazine
Film organizations in Canada
Documentary film organizations
1983 establishments in Canada
Organizations established in 1983
One Step Behind the Seraphim () is a 2017 Romanian drama film directed by Daniel Sandu. It tells the story of Gabriel, a teenager who wants to become a priest.
References
External links
2017 drama films
Romanian drama films
This is a list of unmade and/or unreleased animated projects by The Walt Disney Company. These include feature films, short films, and television series/specials, stemming from Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar, Disney Television Animation, and other animation studios owned by The Walt Disney Company. Some of these projects stem from simply Walt Disney Pictures.
1930s
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939
1940s
1940
1941
1942
Note: Disney studios produced an animated sequence for Samuel Goldwyn's film Up in Arms, which was unused in the final version of the film.
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
Note: Fun and Fancy Free, released in 1947, was originally planned to be two separate feature films.
1948
1949
Note: The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad, released in 1949, was originally planned to be two separate feature films.
1950s
1951
1955
1959
1960s
1960
1963
1967
1969
1970s
1973
1976
1980s
1980
1981
1983
1985
1986
1988
1989
1990s
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1996
1998
2000s
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
In June 2007, DisneyToon Studios president Sharon Morrill stepped down, and the animation studio units under the Walt Disney Company underwent corporate restructuring as the Pixar leadership assumed more control. Thus, most sequels, plus a prequel series, out of DisneyToon Studios were cancelled.
2010s
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2017
2018
2020s
2021
See also
List of unproduced 20th Century Studios animated projects
List of unproduced Marvel Comics projects
List of unproduced television projects based on Marvel Comics
List of unproduced films based on Marvel Imprints
References
Bibliography
Unmade and unreleased Disney animated shorts and feature films, List of
Disney
Unreleased Disney
In mathematics, a Lagrangian system is a pair , consisting of a smooth fiber bundle and a Lagrangian density , which yields the Euler–Lagrange differential operator acting on sections of {{math|Y → X}}.
In classical mechanics, many dynamical systems are Lagrangian systems. The configuration space of such a Lagrangian system is a fiber bundle over the time axis . In particular, if a reference frame is fixed. In classical field theory, all field systems are the Lagrangian ones.
Lagrangians and Euler–Lagrange operators
A Lagrangian density (or, simply, a Lagrangian) of order is defined as an -form, , on the -order jet manifold of .
A Lagrangian can be introduced as an element of the variational bicomplex of the differential graded algebra of exterior forms on jet manifolds of . The coboundary operator of this bicomplex contains the variational operator which, acting on , defines the associated Euler–Lagrange operator .
In coordinates
Given bundle coordinates on a fiber bundle and the adapted coordinates , , ) on jet manifolds , a Lagrangian and its Euler–Lagrange operator read
where
denote the total derivatives.
For instance, a first-order Lagrangian and its second-order Euler–Lagrange operator take the form
Euler–Lagrange equations
The kernel of an Euler–Lagrange operator provides the Euler–Lagrange equations .
Cohomology and Noether's theorems
Cohomology of the variational bicomplex leads to the so-called
variational formula
where
is the total differential and is a Lepage equivalent of . Noether's first theorem and Noether's second theorem are corollaries of this variational formula.
Graded manifolds
Extended to graded manifolds, the variational bicomplex provides description of graded Lagrangian systems of even and odd variables.
Alternative formulations
In a different way, Lagrangians, Euler–Lagrange operators and Euler–Lagrange equations are introduced in the framework of the calculus of variations.
Classical mechanics
In classical mechanics equations of motion are first and second order differential equations on a manifold or various fiber bundles over . A solution of the equations of motion is called a motion''.
See also
Lagrangian mechanics
Calculus of variations
Noether's theorem
Noether identities
Jet bundle
Jet (mathematics)
Variational bicomplex
References
External links
Differential operators
Calculus of variations
Dynamical systems
Lagrangian mechanics
The Barnabus Blossom House is a historic house located at 244 Grove Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. Built in about 1800, it is one of the city's oldest surviving buildings, and significant local example of Federal architecture.
Description and history
The Barnabus Blossom House stands in a densely built residential area north of downtown Fall River, at the southwest corner of Grove and Walnut Streets. It is a -story, wood-framed structure, five bays wide, with a side gable roof, clapboard siding, and a central chimney. Its central entrance is set in a round-topped opening, with fanlight above the door. It is framed by pilasters rising to a pediment broken by the rounded opening. The upper-level windows butt against the eave in a typical Federal style. The interior retains original finishes, including beaded door mouldings, simple fireplace mantels, a beehive oven in the chimney, and a corner dining room cupboard.
The house's exact construction date is not known. During restoration, a penny dated 1800 was found inside one of its walls. It was originally located on North Main Street, an area that was historically lined with houses of this period, but gradually cleared of them by demolition or movement as the downtown expanded. It was moved to its current location in the 1880s to make way for the Hotel Mellen. It is considered one of the city's best preserved homes from the early Federal period.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 16, 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Federal architecture in Massachusetts
Operation Washtub, also known as STAGE (Stay Behind Agent Program), was a top secret joint operation between the United States Air Force's Office of Special Investigations and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Officially, its purpose was to build an intelligence network in the event that the Soviet Union invaded and occupied Alaska. Primarily formulated by J. Edgar Hoover and their then protegé Joseph Carroll (DIA), the Operation was enacted from 1951 to 1959, when Alaska was granted statehood. The primary objectives of Operation Washtub were fostering potential stay-behind agents in the then Territory of Alaska for covert intelligence gathering, and maintaining evasion and escape facilities for captured friendly American Forces.
The FBI "abruptly" ended its involvement in September 1951, for reasons which do not appear in declassified FBI materials. Correspondence dated to that time period would indicate that Director Hoover directly ordered the FBI to "get out at once," fearing humiliation for the agency should an invasion occur. This meant that almost the entirety of the operation's realization was carried out by the Air Force Office of Special Investigations.
Selection and training of agents
The agents chosen for this operation needed to live locally, be able to move around, not be obvious targets for Russian invaders, and not be military personnel. The proposal specifically states that fishermen and bush pilots would make good candidates. The selection of agents from Eskimo and Aleut peoples was avoided due to intelligence figures' suspicions of their loyalties, with official documents stating "their prime concern is with survival and their allegiance would easily shift to any power in control.” Locations for the agents were chosen for their strategic significance, with particular interest in centers of transport and communication. Cities with known agents included Anchorage, Fairbanks, Palmer, Big Delta, and Cordova.
The agents were trained separately from one another, being left unaware of the other's identities, so that in event of capture or corruption no other agents would be compromised. In addition to this the agents' training included simple methods of coding, observation and communication, scouting and patrolling, airdrop and pick-up techniques, close combat, and Russian uniforms and equipment. In order to fulfill the primary objective of this operation - the covert collection of intelligence information in the Alaskan Territory - the agents were also interested in military information, and any intelligence that they deemed to be important. For coordination between the leaders of the operation and its agents there were Administrator Liaisons for the agents to contact. For this operation the agents were equipped with 30-06 rifles with a times 4 scope, a small calibre pistol with a maxim silencer, camera, climbing rope and various other things to keep the agents alive, all supplied by the government for the agents. The second part of the operation being a escape and evasion plan for downed American planes, this includes the supply caches that were available for all sections of the US military. During the operation the agents were paid an inactive fund of $3,000 per year, which was said to be doubled once the invasion was to begin.
At the end of the operation there were a total of 89 agents presumably being placed in the various regions provided in the official document. Agents named in declassified documents included Dyton Abb Gillard, Guy Raymond, Ira Weisner, and most notably Bob Reeve an Alaskan bush pilot who was the founder of Reeve Airways. Ultimately the Operation ended due to the costs of maintaining the agents' funds and the cost of supplying the caches in the unbearable weather. Deborah Kidwell, an official military historian of the OSI, comments that the caches were turned into survival caches.
References
External links
1950s in Alaska
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Military history of Alaska
Military operations of the Cold War
Non-combat military operations involving the United States
Stay-behind organizations
Territory of Alaska
United States Air Force
In enzymology, a 4-hydroxyproline epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline cis-4-hydroxy-D-proline
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline, and one product, cis-4-hydroxy-D-proline.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 4-hydroxyproline 2-epimerase. Other names in common use include hydroxyproline epimerase, hydroxyproline 2-epimerase, and L-hydroxyproline epimerase. This enzyme participates in arginine and proline metabolism.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Shantira Jackson is an American writer, producer, actor, and comedian. Them writing credits include Busy Tonight, The Amber Ruffin Show, Saved by the Bell, and Big Mouth.
Life and career
Jackson was raised in Florida. They received their bachelor's degree in Media and Communication Studies from Florida State University in 2008. They later moved to Chicago and trained and performed at The Second City. They were a member of the improv group 3Peat and co-wrote, produced and starred in group's Comedy Central web video 3peat: The Blackening.
In 2017 Jackson was a staff writer for the BET sketch series 50 Central that ran for one season. They were later a writer on Busy Philipps' late-night show Busy Tonight, which ran for one season from 2018 to 2019.
Jackson was a both a writer and consulting producer for the Saved by the Bell sequel series. They also write for The Amber Ruffin Show and received a 2021 nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series for their work.
In 2021, they again collaborated with Busy Philipps as a producer and writer on the podcast Busy Philipps Is Doing Them Best (2021– ). They also joined the writing staff of Big Mouth, and they are a writer for the spin-off series Human Resources. In November 2021 it was announced that Aunties, a semi-autobiographical comedy series Jackson wrote (co-executive produced with Mike Shoemaker, Seth Meyers and Amber Ruffin), was picked up for a put pilot production by NBC.
Filmography
References
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century African-American writers
African-American women writers
Writers from Florida
African-American female comedians
Florida State University alumni
African-American screenwriters
American television producers
Edward or Ed Jackson may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Edward Jackson (photographer) (1885–1967), American photographer and photojournalist
Edward Jackson (silent film character) (fl. 1914), a character in The $5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot
Ed Jackson (Coronation Street) (fl. 1978), a character in the British soap opera Coronation Street
Politics and law
Edward B. Jackson (1793–1826), U.S. Representative from Virginia
Edward L. Jackson (1873–1954), American politician, governor of Indiana
Edward Jackson (diplomat) (1925–2002), British diplomat
Ed Jackson (Tennessee politician) (born 1948), American business person and politician in Tennessee state senate
Sports
Edward Jackson (cricketer, born 1849) (1849–1926), English cricketer
Edward Jackson (American football) (born ca. 1907), American college football coach
Edward Jackson (Delhi cricketer) (born 1922), Indian cricketer
Edward Jackson (footballer) (1925–1996), Australian rules footballer in the VFL
Edward Jackson (cricketer, born 1955) (born 1955), English cricketer
Ed Jackson (rugby union) (born 1988), English rugby player
Others
Edward Jackson (manufacturer) (1799–1872), Canadian tinware manufacturer
Edward Jackson (ophthalmologist), American ophthalmologist
See also
Eddie Jackson (disambiguation)
Edwin Jackson (disambiguation)
Ted Jackson (disambiguation)
Chedra inquisitor is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It was described by Ronald W. Hodges in 1966 and is endemic to the US state of Illinois.
References
Batrachedridae
Moths described in 1966
Sotiris Tsiloulis (; born 14 February 1995) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Super League club Lamia.
Career
On 28 April 2018, Tsiloulis signed a four-year contract with top tier club Panionios.
Apollon Smyrnis
On 6 September 2020, they joined Apollon Smyrnis on a free transfer. They scored their first goal in a 3-1 home defeat against PAOK, on 8 November 2020. On 30 November 2020, they opened the score in an eventual 3-3 home draw against Volos, despite a three-goal cushion early in the first half.
On 16 January 2021, they scored helping to a 1-0 away win against AEL.
Career statistics
References
1995 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece players
PAS Lamia 1964 players
Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. players
Apollon Larissa F.C. players
Panionios F.C. players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
Association football wingers
Footballers from Larissa
Sarah Van Brugh Livingston Jay (August 2, 1756 – May 28, 1802) was an American socialite and wife of founding father John Jay, in which capacity they were the wife of the President of the Continental Congress, of the Chief Justice of the United States, and First Lady of New York.
Early life
Sarah was born in 1756. They were the eldest daughter of wealthy landowner William Livingston (1723–1790) and Susannah French (1723–1789). Them father was an attorney who was a signer of the United States Constitution and later served as the first post-colonial Governor of New Jersey during the American Revolutionary War from 1776 until their death in 1790.
Them paternal grandparents were Philip Livingston, the 2nd Lord of Livingston Manor, and Catherine Van Brugh, the only child of Albany mayor Pieter Van Brugh (1666–1740). Them paternal uncles included Robert Livingston (1708–1790), 3rd Lord of Livingston Manor, Peter Van Brugh Livingston (1710–1792), New York State Treasurer, and Philip Livingston (1716–1778), who served as a member of the New York State Senate. Through their mother, they were descended from Phillip French, the 27th Mayor of New York City, Frederick Philipse, the 1st Lord of the Philipsburg Manor, and Anthony Brockholst, an acting Governor of Colonial New York.
Society and diplomatic role
Following their wedding to Jay in 1774, they spent the early years of their marriage at their father's house in Elizabethtown, New Jersey. Them husband would visit them there when they were not serving as a state official in New York. In 1779, they were appointed commissioner to Spain and Sarah joined him, moving abroad.
In Spain, Sarah Livingston Jay's would receive one diplomatic visitor in their bedroom when they were too ill from morning sickness to rise. In France, they would plan and host the Americans' celebration of the signing of the Treaty of Paris, albeit in absentia because they had only just given birth (in Benjamin Franklin's house) when the event took place. History leaves too few traces of women, but if one's role in society smoothed the way for the diplomatic process (as Benjamin Franklin believed it did) then Sarah Livingston Jay can be credited with aiding in the ratification of the Treaty of Paris in 1783. Sarah Livingston Jay regularly attended salons and the Monday night dinners hosted by the Marquise and Marquis de Lafayette. Participating in Parisian society was part of Benjamin Franklin's strategy for tightening the bonds of French-American relations.
Sarah Livingston Jay played their part in society so well that they were once mistaken for Marie Antoinette by the audience of a theatre in Paris, "on the entrance of the American beauty, [the audience] arose to do their homage." Them social circle included Adrienne de La Fayette, Angelica Schuyler Church, Abigail Adams, Abigail Adams Smith, and Anne Willing Bingham, and the connections forged by these linkages were crucial to future diplomatic successes (Angelica Church, for example, would assist John Jay socially when they traveled to London to negotiate what would become the Jay Treaty).
Return to New York
Upon returning to New York (when Mr. Jay was appointed U.S. Foreign Secretary), Livingston Jay's experiences in Europe and French language skills were applied to hosting officials from the diplomatic corps and other guests in the U.S. capital city of New York. Livingston Jay would go on to serve in their hospitality role as the wife of the first Chief Justice of the United States and First Lady of New York. In New York, "Mrs. [Elizabeth] Hamilton, Mrs. [Sarah] Jay and Mrs. [Lucy] Knox were the leaders of official society." "In the society which marked the early days of the Republic, in New York, then the seat of the Continental Congress, Mrs. John Jay...was the acknowledged leader," and Sarah Livingston Jay's "Dinner and Supper list" for 1787-8 contained the names of notable men and women who were the midwives of a new nation, including: General and Mrs. Washington, Colonel and Mrs. Bayard, Alexander and Elizabeth Hamilton, Dr. and Mrs. Rodgers, Elias Boudinot, Daniel Huger, and the DeLancey family. An image of their handwritten list is, considered "the most famous American "society"-type document of the eighteenth century". In an era when dinner tables were the nodes of social networks, when a house was not the private realm it is perceived to be now, the social capital inherent to a dinner list was tendered as political capital.
Like many of the Founding Mothers, credit for any and all of Sarah Livingston Jay's contributions as spouse to a prominent politician have been subsumed by their husband's reputation (i.e. a consequence of coverture). As coverture is no longer the law of the land, however, subsuming Livingston Jay's biography under their husband's is to perpetuate history's error: "we think women were sitting around tending to the tatting or pouring tea, and it's our view of first ladies too and it's all wrong. These were very, very politically passionate women. Their letters are full of politics and they were utterly devoted to the patriot cause." This misunderstanding may well have been less true in Sarah Livingston Jay's lifetime than it is today: "While denied direct participation in the political system, elite women's roles as republican wives and mothers was understood by Americans at this time as a political necessity."
Personal life
On April 28, 1774, Sarah married John Jay (1745–1829), a member of a prominent merchant family in New York City. They were one of seven surviving children born to Peter Jay and Mary Van Cortlandt, the daughter of mayor Jacobus Van Cortlandt. Together, John and Sarah Jay had six children:
Peter Augustus Jay, who was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, in 1776
Susan Jay, who was born and died in Madrid in 1780
Maria Jay, who was born in Madrid in 1782
Ann Jay, who was born in Paris in 1783
William Jay, who was born in New York City in 1789
Sarah Jay, who was born in New York City in 1792.
In 1801, John Jay and Sarah Livingston Jay moved to a farm near Bedford, New York, where Sarah died in 1802.
See also
Women in the American Revolution
References
Further reading
External links
1756 births
1802 deaths
First Ladies and Gentlemen of New York (state)
Jay family
Gianfranco Ferré (; 15 August 1944 – 17 June 2007) was an Italian fashion designer also known as "the architect of fashion" for their background and their original attitude toward creating fashion design.
Early life and education
Ferré was born on 15 August 1944 in Legnano, near Milan in Lombardy, in northern Italy, the first child of Luigi Ferré and Andrea Morosi. They attended the liceo scientifico of Legnano, and then, from 1963, studied architecture at the Polytechnic University of Milan in central Milan, where they graduated in 1969.
Career
Ferré began their fashion career in 1970 by designing accessories, then worked as a raincoat designer in 1972–74. They started their own company Baila in 1974, and launched their signature collection for women in 1978. Their first men's collection appeared in 1982, followed in 1986 by their first couture collection in Rome.
Ferré became Stylistic Director of Christian Dior in Paris in 1989, when they were chosen by owner Bernard Arnault to replace Marc Bohan. In 1996, it was announced that Ferré would end their engagement with Dior with the Spring 1997 collection for the label.
Their own label is more relaxed and pared-down than Dior. Sophisticated white shirts have become the symbol of their personal signature in fashion design.
Personal life
Ferré appeared to be extremely critical of trends and fashion gimmicks. They dealt with their demanding schedule, being responsible for a French top fashion brand and their own Italian label, by commuting between Milan and Paris in their private plane. Ferré had a lakeside home in Lake Maggiore, near Milan.
Product lines
Gianfranco Ferré: Main line for men, women and children
Ferré: Previously known as the White Label, more practical, ready-to-wear for both men, women. Within this line, there are Ferré Red (for plus size) and Ferré Fur. For Ferré men there is also Ferré Underwear.
GF Ferré: Younger, more sporty line, for men, women
Gianfranco Ferré Fragrances
Ferre Milano: Casual line for women and men
Ferre designed Korean Air's flight attendant uniforms in 2005, using Korean "binyeo" traditional hair accessories.
Awards
Ferré won a number of prestigious awards including the L'Occhio d'Oro during their career:
Occhio d'Oro Award (six times) for Best Italian Designer
Gold Medal from the City of Milan
Commendatore del Ordine decoration from the President of the Italian Republic
De d'Or (Golden Thimble Award) for their first Dior haute couture collection (1989)
Gianfranco Ferré S.p.A.
Ownership
The Gianfranco Ferré S.p.A. is the holding company that coordinates the fashion business of the Ferré label. It was owned by Gianfranco Ferré (Creative Director) and Franco Mattioli (Chief Financial Officer) in equal shares until it was sold to IT Holdings in March 2002. Recently, Ferré announced that the group plans to become listed at the Milan stock exchange. In order to prepare for this movement Ferré started to rearrange the holding significantly. First step was the recruitment of experienced management personnel under the guide of Giuseppe Cipriano. Next step is the reduction of the number of subsidiaries from today 21 to four or five in the future. Another move is the acquisition of the apparel producer Dei Mattioli, which is owned by Mattioli. Ferré also seems to be interested in acquiring some of their contractors, in order to have more control over the production.
Performance
The company achieved total sales of 950 billion Lira ($589 million) in 1994, an increase of 15% over 1993, which had shown enjoyed a similar increase over 1992 sales. Ferré's 14 licences contributed 58% to total sales in 1994. In 1996, total sales were already at 1250 billion Lira ($811 million).
Exports
70% of Ferré sales are achieved in export, where the US appears to be the biggest market with growing importance. Italy still holds 20% of the sales, but the success of the Ferré Jeans business in the US seems to shift the focus here. The Studio .0001 by Ferré line, produced by Italian garment manufacturer Marzotto, is basically targeted at the US market.
Distribution
Ferré distributes in 17 exclusive boutiques worldwide (1994) and has over 250 sales points in total.
Production/licenses
Though no longer under production, the Studio .0001 and Forma O were produced by Marzotto, one of the biggest Italian garment manufacturers. The sportswear collections Oaks by Ferré and Ferrejeans used to be manufactured by Italiana Manifatture S.p.A., but Ferré contracted those lines for the next ten years to Ittiere, who also furnish the bride collections of Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, and others. The range of licensed products is wide, including shoes, stationery, luggage, home furnishings, and perfumes. The latest addition to this list is the license given to the Swiss watch manufacturer Swatch.
Most of the external licenses were eliminated in 2003, leaving only the Gianfranco Ferre mainline, Ferre diffusion, and GF Ferre younger/activewear labels.
Death
Ferré died on June 17, 2007. The previous Friday, they had suffered a massive brain hemorrhage. Ferré was hospitalized at the San Raffaele Hospital in Milan, where they were pronounced dead a few days later.
References
External links
Official website
Gianfranco Ferré and the Architecture of Design, New York Observer
1944 births
2007 deaths
People from Legnano
Fashion designers from Milan
Italian fashion designers
Polytechnic University of Milan alumni
High fashion brands
Clothing brands of Italy
Dior people
Jalan Tasek (Perak State Route A172) is a major road in Perak which is one of the 13 states of Malaysia. “Jalan” means “road” in the Malay language, and “Tasek” means “lake”.
List of junctions and towns
Footnotes
Tasek
The plain-crowned spinetail (Synallaxis gujanensis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
plain-crowned spinetail
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
plain-crowned spinetail
plain-crowned spinetail
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Merville – Calonne Airport is a regional airport in France. It is located south of Merville, in northern France. The airport supports general aviation with no commercial airline service scheduled.
History
The airport was originally built by Nazi Germany after the occupation of France in 1940 as a Luftwaffe base (Fliegerhorst Merville), as part of the defences of the Pas de Calais area. After the area was liberated in 1944 it was converted by United States Army Air Forces engineers into an allied airfield. The airport was used by the Royal Air Force as Advanced Landing Ground B-53 Merville.
The airfield has numerous wartime relics, including many bunkers.
Facilities
The airport has air traffic control services and two runways oriented north-south (04/22):
A paved runway of
A grass runway.
There is a small () terminal building and a restaurant.
Statistics
References
French Wikipedia article
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
External links
Airports in Hauts-de-France
Nord (French department)
Daniel Karrenberg (born 1959, in Düsseldorf) is a German computer scientist and Internet pioneer who lives in the Netherlands.
Biography
From 1981 to 1987, Karrenberg was a scientific assistant and network administrator at TU Dortmund. In 1982, they helped set up EUnet, the first European Internet service provider.
From 1987 to 1992, Karrenberg worked at the Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) in Amsterdam, where they helped to build the central European structured cabling with links to the American NSFNET.
In 1989, Karrenberg was one of the founders of RIPE, the platform for cooperation between European internet providers. In 1992, they were instrumental in founding the world's first Regional Internet Registry, the RIPE NCC, responsible for Europe, the Middle East and parts of Africa and Central Asia, which they headed until 1999.
Karrenberg was the lead scientist at RIPE NCC, leading the way in numerous projects including RIPE Routing Information Service (RIS), RIPE Test Traffic Measurements (TTM), DNS Monitoring Service (DNSMON), and Name Server Daemon (NSD).
From 2005 to 2011, Karrenberg was a member of the Board of Trustees of the Internet Society, of which they chaired for three years.
Awards
In 2001, Karrenberg received the Jonathan B. Postel Service Award. In 2012, they were inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame in the Global Connectors category.
References
1959 births
Living people
German computer scientists
Internet pioneers
German expatriates in the Netherlands
Scientists from Düsseldorf
Scientists from North Rhine-Westphalia
Technical University of Dortmund alumni
Hilt (also known as Hilts) is a Unincorporated community in Siskiyou County, California, United States. The community is along Interstate 5 near the Oregon border, north of Yreka. It is named for early settler John Hilt. Hilt was a company town for the Northern California Lumber Co. and the Fruit Growers Supply Co.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Siskiyou County, California
Wibberley may refer to:
Brian Wibberley (1866–1944), Australian Methodist minister
Cormac and Marianne Wibberley, American husband and wife screenwriting team known as The Wibberleys
Gerald Wibberley (1915–1991), British agricultural economist
Leonard Wibberley (1915–1983), Irish novelist— The Mouse that Roared
Marcus Wibberley (born 1981), British organist
Mary Wibberley (died 2013), English romantic fiction writer
See also
Wimberley, a town in Texas, U.S.
Sir James Macdonald Cobban (14 September 1910 – 19 April 1999) was an English educator and principal, as well as a prominent lay leader in the Church of England. They were the principal of Abingdon School from 1947 to 1970 and is largely credited with bringing the school from relative obscurity to national recognition in Britain.
Biography
Cobban was born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, and received their early education at Pocklington School in Yorkshire. They were granted a scholarship to Jesus College, Cambridge, where they read classics and had great success. Cobban received a double first in the Classical Tripos examinations, receiving the Thirwell Medal and Gladstone Prize and receiving marks second only to their contemporary Enoch Powell. Cobban continued their education at the University of Vienna in 1932, where they witnessed a Jewish student being chased by a gang of young Nazis wielding cudgels, an experience which Cobban described in their memoir as "seared in my mind".
In 1933 Cobban took a position teaching Latin and Greek at King Edward VI School, Southampton. Whilst there, they wrote a Latin reader, "Civis Romanus", which was widely used in the latter half of the 20th century, selling over half a million copies. In 1936, they took a post at Dulwich College, where they worked until the outbreak of the Second World War. During the war, Cobban served with the Directorate of Military Intelligence and rose to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. An attack of appendicitis during the run-up to D-Day prevented their participation in the Normandy invasion, and they arrived in France six days after the Allied landing. Many of Cobban's responsibilities before and after the invasion involved planning for the occupation of Germany. When that became a reality, Cobban was assigned to help organise local governments in Germany on a democratic basis. In their memoir, they fondly recall working alongside German civil servants, occasionally using Latin as a common tongue when their German and their English failed.
Cobban briefly returned to Dulwich in 1946 before arriving at Abingdon School as Headmaster in 1947.
Marriage and children
Cobban married Lorna Marlow in 1942 and had four daughters (Mary, Diana, Hilary, and Helena) and one son (John, who died at the age of two from a fall). Lorna died of bronchiectasis in 1961, leaving James to raise their four daughters on their own, although their sister Katie later gave up their own career as an educator to assist in the children's care.
Religious views
Cobban was a lifelong member of the Church of England and in later life a prominent lay leader. They served in the General Synod for fifteen years, and for three years served as its chairperson, the highest position a layperson can hold in the Church of England. Cobban preached and officiated in their retirement at a group of six parishes in Dorset from 1986 to 1997.
In the epigraph of their memoir One Small Head they wrote, "I may not be a very good Christian, but I cannot imagine any life without the Christian church."
Retirement
They moved to Steventon, then to Sherborne, and finally to sheltered housing run by one of their daughters in Yeovil. They died at Tyndale Nursing Home, Yeovil, Somerset, on 19 April 1999, and their ashes were interred on 26 April in Trent churchyard, Somerset.
Honours
James Cobban received the Territorial Decoration (TD) for long service in the Territorial Army.
They were appointed as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the Civil Division in the 1971 Queen's Birthday Honours List.
They were knighted in the 1982 New Years Honours List.
They served as a Deputy Lieutenant (DL) for both Berkshire and Oxfordshire.
Works
Civis Romanus, a collection of readings for beginning students of Latin co-written with Ronald Colebourn, continuously in print from 1936–1986 and recently reprinted. .
Senate & Provinces, 78 - 49 B.B., (Cambridge University Press, 1935). Now out-of-print.
One Small Head, privately printed memoir, 1998. Now out-of-print.
Notes
References
T. Hinde and M. St John Parker, The Martlet and the Griffen, 1997
1910 births
1999 deaths
Military personnel from Lincolnshire
British Army officers
British Army personnel of World War II
English Anglicans
Heads of schools in England
People from Scunthorpe
People from Abingdon-on-Thames
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of Berkshire
Knights Bachelor
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
People educated at Pocklington School
Heads of Abingdon School
Beverly Jean White (née Larson; September 2, 1928May 24, 2021) was an American activist and politician who served in the Utah House of Representatives from the 57th, 64th, and 21st districts from 1971 to 1991, as a member of the Democratic Party. They were the longest-serving female member of the Utah State Legislature. White held multiple positions in the Democratic Party at the local, state, and national levels and also attended many state and national conventions.
White was born in Salt Lake City, and grew up in Tooele, Utah. They were educated at Tooele High School. They married Floyd White, who also became involved in politics. They entered politics with their involvement in the Tooele County Democratic Ladies Club and later became active in the Tooele County Democratic Party.
White served as vice-chair of the Tooele County Democratic Party, secretary of the Utah Democratic Party for sixteen years, and on the Rules Committee of the Democratic National Committee. They were a delegate to multiple state conventions of the Utah Democratic Party and as a delegate to every Democratic National Convention from 1964 to 2004, with the exception of 1976 when they were an alternate delegate.
They first held office with their appointment to the Utah Board of Pardons by Governor Cal Rampton. They were on the board until Rampton appointed them to fill a vacancy in the state house created by Representative F. Chileon Halladay's death. During their tenure in the state house they were at times the only female chair of a committee and served as Assistant Whip while in the majority and minority. They lost reelection in the 1990 election to Republican nominee Merrill Nelson. Following their tenure in the state house they served on a hospital board, wrote a book about female legislators, and aided in the creation of a satellite campus for Utah State University. They died in 2021.
Early life
Beverly Jean Larson was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, on September 2, 1928, to Helene and Gustave Larson. Them mother died when they were twelve and they were raised by their aunt Margret and uncle Dunn. They graduated from Tooele High School. In 1947, they married Floyd White, with whom they had five children, at the Salt Lake Temple. Them husband was elected to the city council and Bish White, their father-in-law, was elected as sheriff of Tooele County.
Career
Politics
White was elected as president of the Tooele County Democratic Ladies Club in 1959. They served as vice-chair of the Tooele County Democratic Party during the 1960s. They served as a delegate to the Utah Democratic Party's state convention multiple times. They served as secretary of the Utah Democratic Party for sixteen years until they were defeated by D'Arcy Dixon in 1987. White was selected to serve on the Rules Committee of the Democratic National Committee in 1972.
White attended every Democratic National Convention as a delegate from 1964 to 2004, with the exception of the 1976 Democratic National Convention. They served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention during the 1964, 1988, 1996, and 2004 presidential elections. During the 1968 Democratic presidential primary they served as an uncommitted delegate as a part of Utah's twenty-six member delegation to the Democratic National Convention. During the 1972 presidential election they served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention and was the secretary of the Utah delegation. During the 1976 presidential election they served as an uncommitted alternate delegate to the Democratic National Convention. During the 1980 Democratic presidential primary they served as a delegate for Senator Ted Kennedy to the Democratic National Convention. During the 1984 Democratic presidential primary they served as one of two uncommitted delegates, although they voted for Gary Hart, to the Democratic National Convention while sixteen of Utah's delegates supported Hart and nine supported Walter Mondale. During the 2000 presidential election they served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention and was the oldest member of Utah's twenty-nine member delegation to the convention.
They were a member of the Juvenile Court Advisory Board. They were appointed by Governor Cal Rampton and approved by the Utah Senate to serve on the Utah Board of Pardons for the Utah State Prison for a six-year term becoming the first woman to serve on the board, but left early to take a seat in the Utah House of Representatives.
During the 1976 United States House of Representative election Representative Allan Turner Howe was convicted of soliciting sex. White joined other leaders in the Democratic Party in calling for a resolution to ask Howe to withdraw from the election as they would hurt the chances of other candidates and so that a replacement appointment could be made. Howe did not withdraw from the race and was defeated by Republican nominee David Daniel Marriott.
Utah House of Representatives
Elections
Representative F. Chileon Halladay, who served six terms in the Utah House of Representatives, died from bronchial pneumonia on March 4, 1971. Governor Rampton appointed White to fill the vacancy in the 57th district in the state house on March 8. They served in the state house for twenty years, making them the longest-serving female member of the Utah State Legislature.
They won reelection to the 64th district in the 1972 election against Clarence Hansen, a write-in candidate. They won reelection against Republican nominee Carolyn Palmer in the 1974 election. They won reelection without opposition in the 1976 election. They defeated Republican nominee Phyllis Dunn in the 1978 election. They defeated Republican nominee Douglas Christensen in the 1980 election.
During the 1982 election, White ran against Representative John E. Smith in the Democratic primary as both of them were moved into the 21st district by redistricting. White defeated Smith at the Tooele County Democratic Convention, winning seventy-two delegates to Smith's twenty-three, which was above the seventy percent required to prevent a primary. They defeated Smith, who ran a write-in campaign, in the general election. White faced no opposition in the 1984, 1986, and 1988 elections.
During the 1990 election White debated Republican nominee Merrill Nelson who criticized them as the "most liberal" member of the state house. They lost in the general election to Nelson who received over sixty percent of the vote. Although White lost their seat the Democratic Party increased their net amount of seats in the state house by four seats.
Tenure
During White's tenure in the state house, they served as chair of the Social Services committee and as a member of the Local Government and Consumer Affairs committees. At times, they were the only woman to serve as the chair of a committee. They served as secretary of the Tooele County Council of Governments and the Tooele County Planning Commission. White also served as treasurer of the National Order of Women Legislators.
They served as Assistant Majority Whip from 1975 to 1976, and Assistant Minority Whip from 1977 to 1978. They ran for the position of Minority Whip in 1980, but was defeated by Representative John Garr. White ran for the position of Minority Leader in 1982, but was defeated by Representative Mike Dmitrich. White ran for the position of Minority Whip in 1984, but Representative Blaze Wharton was given the position instead. In 1986, they were selected to serve on the Management Committee which was the fourth-highest position in the minority leadership.
White was appointed to serve on the Utah Health Planning Council in 1979. They received the Susa Young Gates Award in 1978. The National Association of Social Workers named them as legislator of the year in 1981. From 1986 to 1993, they served as a member of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women. They were named the legislator of the year in 1981, as the woman of the year by the Central Women Club of Utah in 1982, and as the Democratic legislator of the year in 1987.
Later life
White served on the Tooele Valley Medical Center Special Service District Board until 1993. They were the board's chair from 1989 to 1991. White offered to resign from the position of chair in 1989, due to controversy involving debt of $50,000, but the board voted to show confidence in them Despite not wanting to serve another term they were unanimously selected to serve another term in 1990. They declined to serve another term despite having been renominated in 1991. They were selected to serve as secretary after being chair of the board.
On January 22, 1991, White and five other people were selected by forty delegates to be candidates to replace Bill Pitt on the Tooele County Commission, but Edwin St. Clair was selected to fill the vacancy. The two Republican members of the county commission were critical of the six proposed candidates with Commissioner Teryl Hunsaker stating that the Democrats did not take the opportunity to select "clean, fresh blood to bring a new perspective into the system".
White also helped establish the Children's Justice Center in Tooele and worked for the Tooele Adult Probation and Parole Office. White was also as a member of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women from 1986 to 1993.
White wrote Women Legislators of Utah, 1896–1993, a book about women who served in the state government. They received the Eleanor Roosevelt Award in 1994. The American Association of University Women named White as the distinguished woman of the year for 1996 to 1997. They aided in the creation of a satellite university for Utah State University in Tooele; the university later gave them an honorary doctorate degree in 2017. They aided in the election of Debbie Winn, the first female mayor of Tooele. White died in Taylorsville, Utah, on May 24, 2021.
Political positions
Abortion
During the 1970s White supported making abortion laws more restrictive. In 1977, the Utah state house voted fifty-five to five, with White against, in favor of a resolution calling for a constitutional convention to amend the Constitution of the United States to ban abortion. White opposed a section of anti-abortion legislation which would require families to see photographs of dead fetuses, saying they were "pornographic" and that anyone who would send them through the mail would be arrested. They criticized legislation passed by the state house in 1988, which required parental consent for materials that mention contraception. During the 1990 election Nelson was critical of White's pro-choice views. They served as a representative for Planned Parenthood to the World Conference on Women, 1995.
Capital punishment
The Supreme Court of the United States ruled that capital punishment was unconstitutional in Furman v. Georgia ending the usage of capital punishment in the United States until the Gregg v. Georgia ruling. White supported the restoration of capital punishment in Utah and it became the first state to resume executions in the United States.
Equal Rights Amendment
In 1973, when the Utah state house voted fifty-one to twenty against ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment, White was one of the representatives who voted in favor of the amendment. They sponsored another attempt to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment in 1975. They called for members of the state legislature to not vote on the amendment based on their religion due to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints' opposition to the amendment. As of 2021 Utah is one of twelve states to have not ratified the Equal Rights Amendment.
Women's rights
White and five other female members of the Utah state legislature wrote to Superintendent of Public Instruction Walter D. Talbot to investigate sex discrimination in educational hiring practices. In 1979, Representatives White, Joan R. Turner, Lucille G. Taylor, and Senator Frances Farley praised Governor Scott M. Matheson for appointing a woman, Phyllis C. Southwick, to the state house. The state house voted to abolish the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women in 1980, while White and all other female members of the state house voted against. White was endorsed for reelection in the 1990 election by the National Organization for Women.
Electoral history
References
1928 births
2021 deaths
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
Members of the Utah House of Representatives
Utah Democrats
People from Salt Lake City
Juan Nepomuceno Rencoret (1856-?) was a Chilean doctor.
They were born in Nancagua, a village in the department of San Fernando, Colchagua, Chile, in late 1856. They made their first studies of humanities at the Liceo de San Fernando and ended at the Instituto Nacional and the University of Chile. They studied medical sciences and surgery at the former School of Medicine. Having been orphaned during their time as a student, they took time off to work, devoting themselves to teaching in various schools in Santiago. They finally obtained their diploma of medicine and surgery in 1878. Established in Quillota in 1880, they worked as a doctor of vaccines there, and in 1885 was elected alderman (regidor) of the Municipality. In 1886, they were elected the city's second vice mayor. At the end of the War of the Pacific, in 1881, they gave free care to wounded soldiers returning from the battles of Chorrillos and Miraflores.
References
1856 births
Chilean physicians
Year of death missing
Chilean people of Czech descent
New Classical architecture, New Classicism or the New Classical movement is a contemporary movement in architecture that continues the practice of Classical architecture. It is sometimes considered the modern continuation of Neoclassical architecture, even though other styles might be cited as well, such as Gothic, Baroque, Renaissance or even non-Western styles - often referenced and recreated from a postmodern perspective as opposed to being strict revival styles.
The design and construction of buildings in ever-evolving classical styles is continuous throughout the 20th and 21st centuries, even as modernist and other non-classical theories broke with the classical language of architecture. The new classical movement is also connected to a surge in new traditional architecture, that is crafted according to local building traditions and materials.
Development
In Britain during the 1950s and 1960s, a handful of architects continued to design buildings in a neoclassical style, contrary to the prevailing fashion for Modern architecture at the time.
Donald McMorran, who described the Modernist movement as "a dictatorship of taste", designed several noteworthy neoclassical buildings through their practice, McMorran & Whitby, including halls of residence at the University of Nottingham (1959) and an extension to the Old Bailey (1965), as well as numerous civic buildings and housing estates.
Another noted British architect, Raymond Erith, continued to design classical houses into the late 1960s and early 1970s. Quinlan Terry, a New Classical Architect who continues to practice, was an employee, later a partner and now the successor of the late Raymond Erith. French architect François Spoerry also continued to create classical designs from the 1960s onwards, later culminating in the European Urban Renaissance. In the late 1970s several young architects in Europe began challenging modernist proposals in architecture and planning. To broadcast them, Leon Krier and Maurice Culot founded the Archives d'Architecture Moderne in Brussels and began publishing texts and counterprojects to modernist proposals in architecture and planning. It received a boost from the sponsorship of Charles, Prince of Wales, especially with The Prince's Foundation for Building Community.
In these years, postmodern architecture developed a critique of modernist architectural aesthetics. Among them were certain influential postmodernist architects such as Charles Moore, Robert Venturi, and Michael Graves, who used classical elements as ironic motifs in order to criticize modernism's sterility. A broad spectrum of more than two dozen architects, theorists, and historians presented other alternatives to modernism. Among them were several serious New Classical architects who saw classicism as a legitimate mode of architectural expression, several of whom would later become Driehaus Prize Laureates, including some such as Thomas Beeby and Robert A.M. Stern, who practice both in postmodern and classical modes. Some postmodernist firms, such as Stern and Albert, Righter, & Tittman, fully moved from postmodern design to new interpretations of traditional architecture. Thomas Gordon Smith, the 1979 Rome Prize laureate from the American Academy in Rome, was a devotee of Charles Moore. In 1988, Smith published "Classical Architecture - Rule and Invention", and, in 1989, was appointed to chair of the University of Notre Dame Department of Architecture, now the School of Architecture, that specialized in teaching classical and traditional building practices. Today, other programs exist which teach in part New Classical Architecture at the University of Miami, Judson University, Andrews University and beginning in 2013, the Center for Advanced Research in Traditional Architecture at the University of Colorado Denver.
Alongside these academic and scholarly developments, a populist and professional manifestation of new classicism has existed and continues to develop. The 1963 demolition of McKim, Mead & White's Pennsylvania Railroad Station in New York City provoked the formation of Classical America and its regional chapters, led by Henry Hope Reed, Jr. Classical America advocated the appreciation of classically inspired buildings and for the practice of contemporary classical and traditional design by teaching architects to draw the classical orders, hosting walking tours, educational events, conferences and publishing The Classical America Series in Art and Architecture.
In 2002, the then-named Institute of Classical Architecture merged with Classical America to form the Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America (now the Institute of Classical Architecture and Art). The ICAA currently supports and is supported by regional chapters across the United States, almost all of which host awards programs which recognize significant accomplishments in new classical and traditional design and construction. The ICAA publishes The Classicist, a peer-reviewed journal exclusively dedicated to the theory and practice of contemporary classicism in architecture, urbanism, and the allied arts. The ICAA offers educational programs to architecture and design professionals, many of which follow the methodologies of the École des Beaux-Arts. The ICAA also teaches courses to educate the general public, and has created programs such as the Beaux Arts Atelier, the Advanced Program in Residential Design for the American Institute of Building Designers, and many other unique programs.
The international character of the New Classical movement was propelled by the creation in 2001 of the International Network for Traditional Building, Architecture & Urbanism (INTBAU), an international organization dedicated on supporting traditional building and the maintenance of local character. INTBAU spans more than 40 countries with its local chapters. This network was created under the patronage of Charles, Prince of Wales themselves an important figure in the New Classical movement.
In 2003, Chicago philanthropist Richard H. Driehaus established a prize in architecture to be given to an architect "whose work embodies the principles of classical and traditional architecture and urbanism in society, and creates a positive, long lasting impact." Awarded by the University of Notre Dame School of Architecture, the Driehaus Architecture Prize is seen as the alternative to the modernist Pritzker Prize. The Driehaus Prize is given in conjunction with the Reed Award, for an individual working outside the practice of architecture who has supported the cultivation of the traditional city, its architecture and art through writing, planning or promotion. Other high-profiled classical architecture awards are the US-American Palladio Award, the European , the Iberian Rafael Manzano Prize, the Edmund N. Bacon Prize, and the Rieger Graham Prize of the Institute of Classical Architecture and Art (ICAA) for architecture graduates.
Philosophy
New Classical architecture is complementary architecture focused on a modus operandi that emphasizes the awareness of sustainability, the aim is to create long-lasting, well-crafted buildings of great quality, adapted to the context and with an efficient use of natural resources. It achieves this by balancing the economic domain with a long-term architectural landscaping that is more responsible for sustainability in the ecological domain.
Educational institutions
While modernist teaching is the basis of architecture curricula in most universities around the world, some institutions focus solely, mainly or partly on teaching the principles of traditional and classical architecture and urban planning. Some of these are:
Brazil
(UNIEURO), in Brasília.
India
Tirumala S.V. Institute of Traditional Sculpture and Architecture (SVITSA), in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh.
Italy
Polytechnic University of Bari, in Bari.
New Zealand
UNITEC Institute of Technology, in Auckland.
United Kingdom
National Design Academy, in Nottingham (heritage interior design).
The Prince's Foundation for Building Community, in London.
The Prince's School of Traditional Arts, in London.
Unit 6 of the Kingston School of Art's Master of Architecture program, the only postgraduate unit in the United Kingdom to teach classical design. Previously, this was taught in the undergraduate program.
University of Portsmouth, in Portsmouth, School of Architecture.
PRASADA – Practice, Research, and Advancement in South Asian Design and Architecture at Welsh School of Architecture, Cardiff University, in Cardiff, Wales.
United States
Andrews University, in Berrien Springs, Michigan.
American College of the Building Arts. and School of the Arts at College of Charleston, in Charleston, South Carolina.
The Center for Advanced Research in Traditional Architecture at the University of Colorado, in Denver, Colorado.
University of Miami, in Coral Gables, Florida.
Yale School of Architecture, in New Haven, Connecticut.
Grand Central Academy of Art formerly hosted at the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art (ICAA), in New York City, New York.
Institute of Classical Architecture & Art (ICAA), in New York City, New York.
University of Notre Dame School of Architecture, in Notre Dame, Indiana.
Utah Valley University, in Orem, Utah.
Beaux-Arts Academy, in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Academy of Classical Design, in Southern Pines, North Carolina.
Examples
See also
New Urbanism
Complementary architecture
Revivalism (architecture)
Classical Realism
Driehaus Architecture Prize
Traditional architecture
Outline of classical architecture
References
Bibliography
External links
Illustrated Glossary of Classical Architecture
Institute of Classical Architecture and Art
Traditional Architecture Group
INTBAU - Universities / institutions offering traditional architecture courses by country
OpenSource Classicism - project for free educational content about (new) classical architecture
The architectural traditions are back – we should celebrate, The Spectator, Hugh Pearman, 28 October 2017
Examples
Neohistorism Photo Group - New Classic Architecture
Revival architectural styles
20th-century architectural styles
21st-century architectural styles
"Beginning of the End" is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 2007. It was included on the album In Search of the Fourth Chord. It reached number 48 on the UK Singles Chart in September 2007.
"Beginning of the End" is the sole single from In Search of the Fourth Chord. Much heavier than most of its recent predecessors (thereby signalling a move back towards a harder rock sound), it has gained distinction as being one of the few "newer" songs to survive in the live set and has continued to stay there up until the current Last Night of the Electrics tour. Live versions can be found on "Pictures - Live at Montreux 2009" and the bonus "Official Live Bootleg" that came with Quid Pro Quo (this same version was used on the soundtrack of the "Bula Quo" movie and is therefore also on disc 2 of the album). "Beginning of the End" was also notable for being the first self-penned lead single of a Quo studio album since 1999's "The Way It Goes". The track also appears on the 2015 compilation album Accept No Substitute! The Definitive Hits.
As "Beginning of the End" opens the album, the introduction by a woman saying "Now, let's listen to the music and try to identify the chord" makes sense since after the last regular song "Tongue Tied" the same voice is heard to say "Did you manage to find it?"
The official video for the single was shot aboard the London Eye and was directed by John Keeling. This was also available as a two-sided single: The CD side plays the audio track, the DVD side the promo video.
A live version of the song was included on the deluxe edition of the 2011 studio album Quid Pro Quo and t
Personnel
Francis Rossi - vocals, lead guitar
Rick Parfitt - vocals, guitar
John Edwards - bass, vocals
Andy Bown - keyboards
Matt Letley - drums
Charts
References
External links
Status Quo (band) songs
2007 singles
2007 songs
Songs written by Francis Rossi
Song recordings produced by Pip Williams
Lucy Anderson (born 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union player.
Biography
Anderson injured their right knee skiing in 2007 and had to have a full reconstruction of their ACL joint. In 2012, they had cartilage taken out of their right knee and their left knee also had a full ACL reconstruction because of a rugby injury.
Anderson was named in the Matatū squad for the inaugural 2022 Super Rugby Aupiki season. They were selected for the Black Ferns squad for the 2022 Pacific Four Series.
Anderson made their international test debut on 18 June 2022 against the United States at Whangārei.
References
External links
Black Ferns Profile
1991 births
Living people
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand women's international rugby union players
Rugby union props
The 1998 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards () was held in 1998 for the 1997 music season.
Top 10 song awards
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1998 are as follows.
Other awards
References
RTHK top 10 gold song awards 1998
RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards
Rthk Top 10 Gold Songs Awards, 1998
Rthk Top 10 Gold Songs Awards, 1998
The Glen Rose Formation is a shallow marine to shoreline geological formation from the lower Cretaceous period exposed over a large area from South Central to North Central Texas. The formation is most widely known for the dinosaur footprints and trackways found in the Dinosaur Valley State Park near the town of Glen Rose, Texas, southwest of Fort Worth and at other localities in Central Texas.
Geology
The Glen Rose is the uppermost, thickest and most extensively exposed formation of the Trinity Group, a series of shallow-water marine formations deposited on a southeastward flank of the Llano Uplift, through a number of sea regressions and transgressions. Wells drilled in eastern Travis County have encountered over 1,000 feet of the Glen Rose. In the northern part, the Glen Rose is laterally continuous with the Paluxy Formation. The Glen Rose overlies the Hensel Sand and is overlain in turn by formations of the Fredericksburg division. In 1974, Keith Young concluded, based on ammonite zonation, that the formation ranges from late Upper Aptian into the Lower Albian, about 115-105 million years old.
The formation consists mostly of hard limestone strata alternating with marl or marly limestone, but is replaced by sandy facies shoreward (to the northwest). Because of the differing strengths of the layers, the limestone weathers to form a staircase profile on hills. Individual steps that form this distinctive stair-step topography extend for many miles without any apparent change in expression. These strata were originally referred to as the "Alternating Beds", which term included the overlying Fredericksburg formations.
The Glen Rose has been divided into upper and lower portions, separated by a one-foot layer of Corbula shells, a small bivalve.
The formation was named in 1891 for the town of Glen Rose, Texas, by paleontologist Robert T. Hill.<ref name="Marion I. Whitney p. 241">Marion I. Whitney & Lewis B. Kellum, Echinoids of the Glen Rose Limestone of Texas, Mich. Acad. of Science, Arts & Letters, Vol. LI, p. 241 (1966).</ref> The type locality is a near shore section exposed in the Paluxy River near the town of Glen Rose. The stratigraphy of the formation was most recently revised in a 1971 study.
A stratigraphic column at the Mount Bonnell location starts with the Lower Cretaceous Trinity Group overlain by the Edwards Group. Upper Cretaceous formations follow, starting with the Del Rio Clay, Buda Limestone, and then the Eagle Ford Group. Formations within the Trinity Group include the Hammett Formation, Cow Creek Formation, Hensel Formation, and Lower and Upper Glen Rose Formation. The Hammett and the lower portion of the Upper Glen Rose act as confining units (or aquitard) for the Middle Trinity Aquifer. The Upper Glen Rose contains the Upper Trinity Aquifer, which appears to have inter-aquifer groundwater flow with the Edwards Aquifer as water levels are at the same elevation.
Caves and caverns
There are a number of caves in the Glen Rose, some of which are open to the public, including Cascade Caverns and Cave Without a Name, both in Kendall County, Texas and Natural Bridge Caverns in Comal County, Texas, the lower parts of which are in the Glen Rose.
Fossil content
A variety of fossils are found in the Glen Rose, more abundantly in the lower Glen Rose than the upper, including numerous gastropods, clams and echinoids. Many species in the lower portion are not found in the upper portion. Dinosaur tracks have been found in many localities, as well as isolated vertebrate remains. Microfossils also are present, including one of the largest foraminifera ever found.
Bivalves. A variety of fossil bivalves have been found, usually preserved as internal molds, with the exception of oysters, scallops and rudists, which have their shells present although mineralized. Some of the clams are large and round and have been given the popular name "heart clams." Fossil bivalves include a number of rudists which form reefs in the lower Glen Rose.
Gastropods. Numerous gastropods are found in the Glen Rose, preserved as internal molds, the shells having dissolved away. Typical is Tylostoma, illustrated below.
Corals. Corals formed reefs in the lower Glen Rose and a number of species of such corals have been described.
Echinoids. A number of regular and irregular echinoids or "sea urchins" have been described from the Glen Rose. Salenia texana Credner and Heteraster obliquatus (Clark), illustrated below, are representative.
Crabs. Over 10 species of decapod crustaceans or "crabs" have been described from the Glen Rose, the remains consisting of isolated claws and carapaces.
Ammonites. A number of ammonites have been reported from the Glen Rose, although they are rare.
Foraminifera. A variety of fossil foraminifera occur in the Glen Rose, including Orbitolina texana (Roemer), a giant (for forams) shell over a centimeter in diameter.
Vertebrates.
Dinosaur footprints and trackways occur in a number of localities in the Glen Rose. See discussion below. Fossil remains of vertebrates, however, are rare and include the following isolated finds:
Acrocanthosaurus, an allosauroid theropod dinosaur (a few isolated bones).
Pachycheilosuchus, a mesoeucrocodylian or extinct crocodyle-like reptile.
An indeterminate titanosauriform.
Tenontosaurus, an iguanodontid dinosaur
Sauroposeidon, a sauropod dinosaur
Radiodactylus, an azhdarchid pterosaur
Plants
Algae. Porocystis globularis is the name given to a dimpled grape-shaped object common in the Glen Rose. Scientists have disagreed over its classification, but now believe it to be an algal fruiting body.
Cycads. Cycads have been found in the Glen Rose, primarily in the Paluxy Sands, and it has been stated that "[t]he Trinity beds must be ranked as one of the five great cycad-yielding terraces of North America..."
Gallery of typical Glen Rose fossils
Dinosaur footprints and trackways
Dinosaur footprints and trackways are found in at least 50 localities in the Glen Rose, primarily at the top of the Upper Glen Rose and a smaller number at the top of the Lower Glen Rose. The most famous of these sites is the Paluxy River site in Dinosaur Valley State Park near the town of Glen Rose, Texas, southwest of Fort Worth. In 1938, Roland T. Bird, assistant to Barnum Brown of the American Museum of Natural History ("AMNH") in New York, New York, discovered a dozen sauropod and four theropod or carnosaur trackways all following the same general direction. These were the first sauropod footprints scientifically documented, and were designated a National Natural Landmark in 1969. Some are as large as about 3 feet (1 m) across. The prints are thought to have been preserved originally in a tidal flat or a lagoon. Large slabs of the trackways were excavated and are on display at the AMNH and the Texas Memorial Museum in Austin, Texas, among other institutions.
The sauropod tracks, now given the ichnogenus name Brontopodus, were made by an animal of 30 to 50 feet in length, perhaps a brachiosaurid such as Pleurocoelus, and the theropod tracks by an animal of 20 to 30 feet in length, perhaps an Acrocanthosaurus''. A variety of scenarios was proposed to explain the tracks. Some believed that they recorded a herd of sauropods, including young animals protected by their parents, being followed by a group of theropods and argued that the apparent disappearance of one of the sauropod trackways indicated a fatal attack by the theropods. Scientists today generally discount this explanation. Martin Lockley (1995) concludes that the tracks most likely represent twelve sauropods "probably as a herd, followed somewhat later by three theropods that may or may not have been stalking -- but that certainly were not attacking." Lockley notes that there are other similar group trackways and that the evidence sauropods moved in herds "in general, seems good." They take issue, however, with Robert Bakker's theory that the Davenport Ranch trackway (another Glen Rose trackway) reflects large adults on the outside, protecting younger sauropods in the center, stating that the trackways merely show smaller animals following the larger ones. The fact that some of the Glen Rose trackways primarily include marks of the fore feet led Bird and others to suggest that the sauropods were semi-aquatic and made the tracks when partially swimming, a scenario that "has become deeply entrenched in the popular literature..." Again, Lockley discounts that theory, stating that the tracks were not well preserved or studied and that the view of sauropods as swimming "can not be supported using any convincing line of available evidence."
Claims that human footprints have been found in the Glen Rose is discussed in the Dinosaur Valley State Park article.
See also
Geology of Texas
List of dinosaur-bearing rock formations
List of topics characterized as pseudoscience
References
Bibliography
Martin Lockley & Adrian P. Hunt, Dinosaur Tracks and Other Fossil Footprints of the Western United States, Columbia U. Press, New York (1995).
J. S. Nagle, Glen Rose Cycles and Facies, Paluxy River Valley, Somervell County, Texas. Texas Bureau of Economic Geology Geological Circular No. 68-1. 25 pp. (1968).
J. S. Nagle, Stepping Stair Hills. Texas Parks & Wildlife, vol. XXVI, No. 6, pp. 16-19. (June 1968).
E.H. Sellards, W.A. Adkins & F.B. Plummer, The Geology of Texas, Univ. of Texas Bull. No. 3232 (1932 and many later reprints).
F. L. Stricklin, Jr., C. I. Smith, F.E. Lozo, ''Stratigraphy of Lower Cretaceous Trinity Deposits of Central Texas,' Bureau of Economic Geology, Univ. of Texas, Report of Investigations No. 71 (July 1971).
Marion Whitney, Some New Pelecypoda from the Glen Rose Formation of Texas, J. Paleontology, Vol. 26, p. 697 (Sept. 1952).
Keith Young, Lower Albian and Aptian (Cretaceous) Ammonites of Texas, Geoscience and Man, Vol. VIII (1974).
External links
Dinosaur Valley State Park official site
Common Fossils in the Glen Rose Limestone
Dinosaur Valley State Park from talk.origins
Cretaceous geology of Texas
Lower Cretaceous Series of North America
Limestone formations of the United States
Ichnofossiliferous formations
Fossil trackways in the United States
Paleontology in Texas
Geography of Somervell County, Texas
Crepidogastrinus kochi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Crepidogastrinus.
References
Brachininae
An overhang is a rock face or artificial climbing wall with a slope of more than 90°, i.e. it slopes beyond the vertical. Particularly severe overhangs that reach, or nearly reach, the horizontal, are referred to as a roof.
In climbing, overhangs and especially roofs place special demands both in terms of technique and equipment as well as the constitution of the climber. With increasing steepness the loading on arm and hand muscles increases, because the feet can support less and less of the body weight. Rest points where the muscles can be relaxed, especially no-hands rests, are rarely found in overhangs. Climbing techniques to tackle overhangs include placing the body's centre of mass as close as possible to the rock and striving for the highest possible body tension. Many climbing techniques such as the foothook are almost exclusively used in overhangs and roofs. For a long time in Alpine climbing, roofs were almost always tacked using climbing aids. By contrast, in modern sport climbing, severely overhanging terrain is no longer a rarity, because climbing halls frequently include overhangs and roofs.
A well-known natural example of severely overhanging terrain is the rook in the north face of the Western Zinne, whose upper end is about 40 metres horizontally from the foot of the rock face. Severe climbing routes that feature overhangs and roofs include Separate Reality in the USA and La Rambla in Spain.
See also
Rock shelter
Abri
Mount Thor, the world's highest overhang
References
Geomorphology
Climbing
Pseudoiulia is a genus of Cambrian arthropod known for being a member of the Chengjiang biota, containing the single species P. cambriensis. It is considered poorly known, but has been associated with the megacheira.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Jim McNally (5 July 1931 – 12 January 2018) was an American sports shooter. They competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1931 births
2018 deaths
American male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the United States
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Duluth, Minnesota
Lila () can be a variant of the Arabic and Hebrew words for "night". Other versions are Lyla (most common in Arabic) and Lilah. As a name it means night, beauty, or dark beauty.
Lila is a common Indian female given name meaning "beauty".
Lilavati is a variant of this name that is also the title of a twelfth-century mathematics treatise.
Lila is also a female given name meaning purple in German.
The angel Lailah or Laylah (Heb. לַיְלָה) is an angel in some interpretations in the Talmud and in some later Jewish mythology.
People with the given name Lila
Lila Downs (born 1968), Mexican singer
Lila Fenwick (1932–2020), American lawyer, human rights advocate, and United Nations official
Lila Karp (1933–2008), American writer and activist
Lila Kedrova (1909-2000), French actor
Lila Lamgade (born 1991), Nepalese footballer
Lila Lee (1905–1973), American actor
Lila Majumdar (1908–2007), Bengali writer, also referred to as Leela Majumdar
Lila McCann (born 1981), American country music singer
Lila Rose (born 1988), American anti-abortion activist
Lila Diane Sawyer (born 1945), news anchor
Lila Tretikov (born 1978), executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation 2014–2016
Leela Naidu (1940–2009), an Indian actor, also referred to as Lila
Fictional people
Lila (Xena), a recurring character in the television series Xena: Warrior Princess
Lila Fowler, a character in the book series Sweet Valley High
Lila West, alias Lila Tournay, a character in the TV serial Dexter (season 2)
Lila Black, the main hero of Quantum Gravity novel series by Justina Robson
Lila Sawyer, a character from the animated television series Hey Arnold
Lila Test, a character from the animated television series Johnny Test
Lila Quartermaine, a character on the daytime television series General Hospital
Lila Bard, from a Darker Shade of Magic by V. E. Schwab
Lila Rossi, a character in the animated series Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug and Cat Noir
Lila, a minor character in the Peanuts comic strip and second Peanuts movie, Snoopy Come Home
Lila, a character in the PBS Kids animated series Pinkalicious & Peterrific
See also
Leela (name)
Lila (disambiguation)
Lilla
Leila (name)
Leelavathi
English feminine given names
Feminine given names
Erica Sullivan may refer to:
Erica James, née Sullivan, British romance novelist
Erica Sullivan (swimmer), American swimmer
Josip Drmić (; born 8 August 1992) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a striker for Prva HNL club Dinamo Zagreb and the Switzerland national team.
Drmić began their career with Zürich and moved to 1. FC Nürnberg in 2013, where they scored 17 goals in their first Bundesliga season. They then moved to Bayer Leverkusen for one season and was signed by Borussia Mönchengladbach, who loaned them to Hamburger SV in 2016. After playing in the Premier League for Norwich City they moved to the Croatian Football League in 2021, playing for Rijeka and Dinamo Zagreb
A full international since 2012, Drmić has earned over 30 caps for Switzerland, representing them at the 2012 Olympics and the 2014 and 2018 FIFA World Cups.
Early life
Drmić was born in Lachen, Canton of Schwyz, to ethnic Bosnian Croat parents from Vitez, and is a dual national.
They applied for Swiss nationality at the age of 16, taking the exam three times in front of commissioners in their home village of Freienbach. On the second attempt, they were rejected because they knew more about Zürich, where they had spent six years in a football school, than the village. They then hired a lawyer who made the case that this was acceptable as Zürich is nearby and of importance to the community.
Club career
Zürich
Drmić began their playing career at Zürich and rose through the youth ranks, soon playing regularly for Zürich's reserve team. They eventually made their league debut on 6 February 2010 against Neuchâtel Xamax, coming on as a substitute. They scored their first Swiss Super League goal in a 1–1 away draw against Luzern on 4 February 2012.
During the 2012–13 season, Drmić scored 13 goals in 31 Super League matches and 19 goals from 39 matches in all competitions.
1. FC Nürnberg
In July 2013, Drmić joined Bundesliga club 1. FC Nürnberg on a four-year contract. On 18 August, they scored their first Bundesliga goal in a 2–2 draw against Hertha BSC. They finished their first season with 17 league goals, the third most by any player in the league, behind Borussia Dortmund's Robert Lewandowski and Bayern Munich's Mario Mandžukić. However, their team was relegated to the 2. Bundesliga.
Bayer Leverkusen
On 12 May 2014, Drmić agreed to sign a five-year deal with Bayer Leverkusen, for an undisclosed fee. They made their debut on 19 August as an 88th-minute substitute for Hakan Çalhanoğlu as the side won 3–2 away against Copenhagen in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League play-off.
Drmić made their league debut on 12 September by replacing Stefan Kießling in added time of a 3–3 draw at home against Werder Bremen. Nine days later, they scored their first goal for the team, starting and then equalising in the 29th minute of a 4–1 defeat at VfL Wolfsburg. They added their first brace for the club on 29 November, as a half-time replacement for Stefan Kießling in a 5–1 win over 1. FC Köln. On 13 March 2015, they added another brace for their fifth and sixth goals of the league season, in a 4–0 home win over VfB Stuttgart. Drmić was the only Leverkusen player to miss in the penalty shootout against Bayern Munich on 8 April; their attempt was saved by Manuel Neuer, which eliminated the team from the quarter-finals of the DFB-Pokal.
Borussia Mönchengladbach
On 17 June 2015, Drmić joined their third Bundesliga club, Borussia Mönchengladbach, on a four-year deal. They made their debut on 10 August, starting in a 4–1 win at FC St. Pauli in the first round of the DFB-Pokal. Five days later, they made their league bow in a 4–0 loss at Borussia Dortmund. Drmić totalled only one goal from 19 matches across all competitions before leaving on loan. Their only goal came on 28 November, a header as Mönchengladbach came from behind to draw 3–3 at 1899 Hoffenheim.
On 1 February 2016, Drmić joined fellow league team Hamburger SV on loan until the end of the season. They debuted six days later, starting in a 1–1 draw with 1. FC Köln at the Volksparkstadion. On 27 February, they scored the only goal of their loan, opening a home match of the same score against FC Ingolstadt.
Following an absence through a knee injury, Drmić made their comeback on 28 October 2017, playing the first 52 minutes of Borussia Mönchengladbach II's 3–0 home loss to SC Verl in the Regionalliga.
Due to back injury and a muscle tear, Drmić played only five times in the 2018–19 Bundesliga, scoring twice.
Norwich City
On 25 June 2019, Drmić joined Norwich City on a free transfer, signing a three-year deal. They were persuaded to join them by their Swiss defender Timm Klose. They made their Premier League debut on 8 August, coming on as an 83rd-minute substitute for Teemu Pukki in a 4–1 loss at European champions Liverpool. On 5 October, again as a late replacement for the Finn, they scored their first goal as consolation in a 5–1 home loss to Aston Villa.
Drmić scored the equaliser on 4 March 2020 as Norwich drew 1–1 away to Tottenham Hotspur in the fifth round of the FA Cup, then won on penalties to reach the last eight of the tournament for the first time since 1992.
Rijeka (loan)
On 5 February 2021, Drmić joined Rijeka on loan until the end of the 2020–21 season. They scored their first goal on 17 March in a 3–1 victory over Slaven Belupo.
On 6 July 2021, the loan was extended for the 2021–22 season. They scored in each of their three appearances in the season's national cup, opening a 3–1 loss to Adriatic rivals Hajduk Split in the final; in the league they were second top scorer with 21 goals including a hat-trick in a 5–3 win at Šibenik on 30 April.
Dinamo Zagreb
Drmić signed for Dinamo Zagreb on 7 June 2022, receiving the squad number 18. They made their debut on 9 July in a penalty shootout victory over Split in the Super Cup, being substituted for Mislav Oršić after 66 minutes. Six days later in their first league game, they scored twice in a 3–2 home win over city rivals Lokomotiva Zagreb.
International career
Eligible for Switzerland, Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, Drmić represents their country of birth internationally, having played at under-19, under-21 and senior level. They stated that they opted for Switzerland after nobody from the Croatian Football Federation reached out to him. They were a member of Switzerland's squad at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and came on as a substitute in the last two matches as the team were eliminated in last place in Group B.
On 11 September 2012, Drmić won their first cap for the Switzerland senior team in a 2–0 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying win over Albania. They scored their first two international goals in a 2–2 draw with Croatia on 6 March 2014.
On 13 May 2014, Drmić was named in Switzerland's squad for the 2014 World Cup. They scored the only goal of the match in the 83rd minute from Blerim Džemaili's assist as Switzerland beat Jamaica in a warm-up match for the tournament on 30 May. In the first match of the tournament, a 2–1 win over Ecuador, they had a goal ruled out for offside and was substituted for Haris Seferovic, who scored the winning goal. Drmić was dropped for Seferovic for the second match, a 5–2 defeat to France, but returned and set up two of Xherdan Shaqiri's three goals in the 3–0 win over Honduras in the last group match in Manaus, which saw Switzerland advance to the knockout stage as group runners-up.
Drmić scored their first competitive goal for Switzerland on 14 June 2015, equalising in a 2–1 away victory over Lithuania in UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying. On 5 September, they came on in the 64th minute for Blerim Džemaili, and scored twice as the Swiss came from 0–2 down to defeat Slovenia 3–2 in a qualifier in Basel. After having knee surgery in March, they missed the final tournament.
In qualification for the 2018 World Cup, Drmić scored once, the sole goal of a victory over Latvia at the Stade de Genève on 25 March 2017. It was their first goal in any match since February 2016, heading an Admir Mehmedi cross two minutes after coming on in place of Gelson Fernandes. Manager Vladimir Petković named them for the squad to compete in the finals in Russia. In the final group game against Costa Rica in Nizhny Novgorod, they came on as a late substitute for Mario Gavranović and scored in a 2–2 draw that ensured passage to the last 16.
At the 2018–19 Nations League in Portugal, Drmić was the only player to miss in the third-place penalty shootout against England, with Jordan Pickford saving from them in sudden death.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Switzerland's goal tally first.
Honours
Rijeka
Croatian Cup runner-up: 2021–22
Dinamo Zagreb
Croatian Super Cup: 2022
References
External links
Josip Drmić at db.fcz
1992 births
1. FC Nürnberg players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Association football forwards
Bayer 04 Leverkusen players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Borussia Mönchengladbach II players
Bundesliga players
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
FC Zürich players
Footballers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Hamburger SV players
Living people
Naturalised citizens of Switzerland
Norwich City F.C. players
HNK Rijeka players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
Olympic footballers of Switzerland
Sportspeople from the canton of Schwyz
Premier League players
Regionalliga players
Croatian Football League players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in England
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Swiss footballers
Swiss people of Croatian descent
Swiss Super League players
Switzerland international footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Swiss people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Johnny Rosell Trallero is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1992 births
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
125cc World Championship riders
Imma platyxantha is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are pale fuscous, with large yellow-ochreous blotches and a small subcostal basal spot, as well as a large squarish blotch on the costa near the base, nearly touching a smaller spot on one-fourth of the dorsum. There is a second rounded spot on the costa before the middle, nearly touching a large squarish blotch on the mid-dorsum, as well as a spot on the costa at two-thirds and a triangular spot on the costa immediately before the apex. A dark fuscous terminal line does not extend to the tornus. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1913
Immidae
Moths of Australia
David John Bleisath (born September 22, 1979) is a former American football offensive and defensive lineman for the Chicago Rush and Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League. They attended Tennessee Tech University. They graduated from Sequoyah High School in Canton, Georgia. After going undrafted in the 2003 NFL Draft, Bleisath signed with the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) as an undrafted free agent but was released before the regular season.
External links
Just Sports Stats
AFL stats
1979 births
Living people
People from Canton, Georgia
People from Euclid, Ohio
Sportspeople from the Atlanta metropolitan area
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
American football offensive linemen
American football defensive linemen
Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football players
Tampa Bay Storm players
Chicago Rush players
Makemake is a large planetoid in the Kuiper belt.
Makemake may also refer to:
Makemake (deity), the creator of humanity in the mythology of Easter Island
a make-makefile tool in build automation
"Make Make", a song by Mike Oldfield from Heaven's Open
Make-Make, an album by Jabberwocky
The Makemakes, an Austrian pop-rock band
fr:Makemake
Ludwigsfelde-Struveshof station is a railway station in the municipality of Ludwigsfelde in the Teltow-Fläming district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is served by the line .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Railway stations in Germany opened in 2012
Buildings and structures in Teltow-Fläming
Nojazz is a French electro jazz band.
Overview
Nojazz started up as an electro jazz band in 2001. During 2002, they released their debut studio album upon Warner Bros. Records. This self titled LP was produced by Teo Macero.
From their beginnings Nojazz has included diverse collaborations from different backgrounds. Mangu joined the band for an energetic rap on the song Candela. Later, Claude Nougaro collaborated on K du Q. Their year-after-year tours in the U.S. allowed them to meet and start collaborating with Earth, Wind and Fire, leading to a session with Maurice White and Stevie Wonder on the Have Fun album.
Members
Philippe Balatier : Keyboard, Sampling
Philippe Sellam : Saxophone
Sylvain Gontard : Trumpet
Pascal Reva : Percussion
Jeffrey Mpondo : lead Vocal
Discography
Nojazz (2002)
NoLimits (2004)
Have Fun (2005)
ZooLand (2009)
Live au Sunset (2013)
Soul stimulation (2016)
References
French electronic music groups
Alejandra Orozco Loza (born 19 April 1997 in Zapopan, Mexico) is a Mexican diver. In 2012, they participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the synchronized 10 metre platform events alongside world champion Paola Espinosa, winning a silver medal. At the age of 15, they became the youngest athlete to represent Mexico at the 2012 Olympic games.
In 2021 they participated in the 2020 Summer Olympics in the synchronized 10 metre platform events alongside Gabriela Agúndez, winning a bronze medal.
References
Notes
Sources
dive meets
External links
Alejandra Orozco Loza at the 2019 Pan American Games
1997 births
Living people
Mexican female divers
Olympic divers of Mexico
Olympic silver medalists for Mexico
Olympic medalists in diving
Divers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Mexico
Divers at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in diving
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Mexico
Divers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Divers at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Mexico
Divers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
People from Zapopan, Jalisco
Sportspeople from Jalisco
20th-century Mexican women
21st-century Mexican women
The radial nerve is a nerve in the human body that supplies the posterior portion of the upper limb. It innervates the medial and lateral heads of the triceps brachii muscle of the arm, as well as all 12 muscles in the posterior osteofascial compartment of the forearm and the associated joints and overlying skin.
It originates from the brachial plexus, carrying fibers from the ventral roots of spinal nerves C5, C6, C7, C8 & T1.
The radial nerve and its branches provide motor innervation to the dorsal arm muscles (the triceps brachii and the anconeus) and the extrinsic extensors of the wrists and hands; it also provides cutaneous sensory innervation to most of the back of the hand, except for the back of the little finger and adjacent half of the ring finger (which are innervated by the ulnar nerve).
The radial nerve divides into a deep branch, which becomes the posterior interosseous nerve, and a superficial branch, which goes on to innervate the dorsum (back) of the hand.
This nerve was historically referred to as the musculospiral nerve.
Structure
The radial nerve originates as a terminal branch of the posterior cord of the brachial plexus. It goes through the arm, first in the posterior compartment of the arm, and later in the anterior compartment of the arm, and continues in the posterior compartment of the forearm.
Arm
The radial nerve originates from the posterior cord of the brachial plexus with root values of C5 to C8 and T1. From the brachial plexus, it travels behind the third part of the axillary artery (part of the axillary artery distal to the pectoralis minor). In the arm, it runs behind the brachial artery and then enters the lower triangular space to reach the radial sulcus of back of the humerus. It travels downwards together with profunda brachii artery, between the lateral and medial heads of triceps brachii until it reaches the lateral side the arm at 5 cm below the deltoid tuberosity where it pierces the lateral intermuscular septum to reach the anterior compartment of the arm. Then, it descends down to cross the lateral epicondyle of the humerus where the nerve terminates by branching itself into superficial and deep branch which continues into cubital fossa and then into the forearm.
Radial nerve gives out muscular branches to supply the long head, medial head, and lateral head of triceps brachii muscles before and during its course in the radial sulcus. After it emerges out from the radial sulcus, it supplies the brachialis, brachioradialis and extensor carpi radialis longus.
Above the radial sulcus, the radial nerve gives off posterior cutaneous nerve of the arm which supplies the skin at the back of the arm. In the radial sulcus, it gives off lower lateral cutaneous nerve of the arm and posterior cutaneous nerve of the forearm. The radial nerve also gives articular branches to supply the elbow joint.
Forearm and hand
In the forearm, it is divided into a superficial branch (primarily sensory) and a deep branch (primarily motor).
The superficial branch of the radial nerve is widely separated from the radial artery in the upper one third of the forearm, closely related to radial artery in the middle third of the forearm, and in the lower third, it descends in the forearm under the tendon of brachioradialis. It crosses brachioradialis to enter posterior of forearm near the back of the wrist and supply dorsum of hand. It gives sensory supply to dorsal aspect of hand, dorsal aspect of thumb, index finger, middle finger and lateral side of ring finger except the nail beds, which are supplied by proper digital branches of median nerve.
The deep branch of the radial nerve (also known as posterior interosseous nerve by some authors)) pierces the supinator muscle, winds around the radius under the cover of supinator to reach posterior of forearm where it again pierces supinator and after which it is known as the posterior interosseous nerve. It pierces the posterior extensor muscles and comes to lie between superficial and deep muscles of the back of the forearm. At the lower border of extensor pollicis brevis, it passes deep to the extensor pollicis longus and then run on the posterior interosseous membrane. It continues to move along with posterior interosseous artery(a deep branch of common interosseous artery which is a branch of ulnar artery), and ends as a pseudoganglion below extensor retinaculum by supplying the wrist and intercarpal joints.
Variation
It is commonly believed that the radial nerve also provided motor innervation to the long head of the triceps. However, a study conducted in 2004 found out that axillary nerve innervates the long head of triceps in 20 cadavers without any supply from radial nerve.
Function
The following are branches of the radial nerve (including the superficial branch of the radial nerve and the deep branch of the radial nerve/posterior interosseous nerve).
Cutaneous
Cutaneous innervation by the radial nerve is provided by the following nerve branches:
Posterior cutaneous nerve of arm (originates in axilla)
Inferior lateral cutaneous nerve of arm (originates in arm)
Posterior cutaneous nerve of forearm (originates in arm)
The superficial branch of the radial nerve provides sensory innervation to much of the back of the hand, including the web of skin between the thumb and index finger.
Motor
Muscular branches of the radial nerve:
Triceps brachii
Anconeus
Brachioradialis
Extensor carpi radialis longus
Deep branch of the radial nerve:
Extensor carpi radialis brevis
Supinator
Posterior interosseous nerve (a continuation of the deep branch after the supinator):
Extensor digitorum
Extensor digiti minimi
Extensor carpi ulnaris
Abductor pollicis longus
Extensor pollicis brevis
Extensor pollicis longus
Extensor indicis
The radial nerve (and its deep branch) provides motor innervation to the muscles in the posterior compartment of the arm and forearm, which are mostly extensors.
Clinical significance
Injury
Injury to the radial nerve at different levels causes different syndromes with varying motor and sensory deficits.
At the axilla
Common mechanisms of injury: Saturday night palsy, crutch palsy, lesions
Motor deficit:
Loss of extension of forearm, weakness of supination, and loss of extension of hand and fingers.
Presence of wrist drop, due to inability to extend the hand and fingers.
Sensory deficit: Loss of sensation in lateral arm, posterior forearm, the radial half of dorsum of hand, and dorsal aspect of radial digits, excluding their nail beds.
At mid-arm
Common mechanism of injury: Mid-shaft humeral fracture
Motor deficit:
Weakness of supination, and loss of extension of hand and fingers.
Presence of wrist drop, due to inability to extend the hand and fingers.
Sensory deficit: Loss of sensation in posterior forearm, the radial half of dorsum of hand, and dorsal aspect of radial digits, excluding their nail beds.
Just below the elbow
Common mechanism of injury: Neck of radius fracture, elbow dislocation or fracture, tight cast, rheumatoid nodules, injections due to tennis elbow, injuring the deep branch of the radial nerve that pierces the radial head, causing posterior interosseous nerve syndrome
Motor deficit:
Weakness in extension of hand and loss of extension of fingers.
Presence of finger drop, and partial wrist drop, since the extensor carpi radialis longus and brachioradialis muscles are working.
Sensory deficit: None, as sensation is supplied by the superficial radial nerve
Within the distal forearm:
Common mechanism of injury: Wartenberg's syndrome, (not to be confused with Wartenberg's sign), due to nerve entrapment beneath the tendinous insertion of brachioradialis, tight jewellery, and watch bands.
Motor deficit: None
Sensory deficit: Numbness and tingling in radial half of dorsum of hand, and dorsal aspect of radial digits, excluding their nail beds.
In Wartenberg's syndrome, there is significant radial wrist pain, and close resemblance to symptoms in de Quervain's tenosynovitis. Finkelstein's test may be positive.
History
Additional images
See also
Muscular branches of the radial nerve
Posterior brachial cutaneous nerve
Dorsal antibrachial cutaneous nerve
Superficial branch of the radial nerve
Deep branch of the radial nerve
Radial neuropathy
Radial tunnel syndrome
References
External links
- "Axilla, dissection, anterior view"
Nerves of the upper limb
Hudenje () is a small settlement east of Dobruška Vas in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Within the municipality, the village belongs to the Village Community of Grmovlje.
References
External links
Hudenje at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Škocjan
Esquel Group () is a Hong Kong-based textile and apparel manufacturer. It is the world's largest woven shirtmaker, producing about 100 million shirts annually. Esquel supplies textile to companies such as Li Ning, ANTA Sports, Fila, Giordano, Muji.
Its head office is in (海港中心), Wan Chai.
History
The family owned business was founded in 1978 by family patriarch . The opening of China that year had according to one of Yang's daughters led to the decision to establish the company.
U.S. sanctions
In July 2020, the United States Department of Commerce placed a Hong Kong-based subsidiary of Esquel Group on the Bureau of Industry and Security's Entity List for alleged use of forced labor of Uyghurs in Xinjiang. In July 2021, Esquel filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia against the U.S. government seeking removal from the Entity List. In August 2021, Esquel was removed, with conditions, from the Entity List by the inter-agency End-User Review Committee, which is composed of representatives from the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State, Defense, Energy, and Treasury. Several weeks later, Esquel resumed its lawsuit after failing to reach an agreement with the U.S. Commerce Department regarding the timetable for removal and the specifics of the conditions for removal.
Facilities
Most of the company's manufacturing facilities are in China.
Its operations in China like the rest of the textile industry in China have faced the constant pressure of rising labor costs and stricter environmental regulation. The company has strategy of upgrading or opening new facilities with better automation to counter the competitive pressure of rising wages. This strategy was noted by the South China Morning Post as different from some other competitors which sought to diversify operations by moving to other countries with lower labor costs.
References
Textile companies of Hong Kong
1978 establishments in Hong Kong
Minna Keene, née Töneböne, (5 February 1859 – November 1943) was a German-born, self-taught Canadian pictorial portrait photographer, considered "hugely successful".
Keene was born in Rumbeck, Waldeck, now part of the city of Hessisch Oldendorf, Germany, in 1859. They lived in Britain, South Africa, and Canada. They married Caleb Keene. They died in Oakville, Ontario, Canada, in 1943.
Keene was an early female member of the Linked Ring, a photographic society created to show that photography was just as much an art as it was a science, and to propel photography further into the fine art world. They were also a member of the London Salon of Photography and the first woman to be admitted as a fellow to the Royal Photographic Society.
Biography
Minna Bergmann was born Doris Wilhelmine Charlotte Töneböne in Rumbeck, Waldeck (now part of the city of Hessisch-Oldendorf), on 5 February 1859, the illegitimate daughter of Dorothea Charlotte Töneböne (1832-1874). Them mother married Louis Bergmann (1822-1879), a police constable and former musician, in Arolsen, Waldeck, in 1862; they were confirmed as Minna Bergmann in Arolsen on Easter Sunday, 1872. Minna married Caleb Keene (b. 1862) in Chelsea, London, in 1887. Caleb was a "decorator's apprentice" and brother of the landscape painter cum "photographic artist" Elmer Ezra Keene (1853–1929). Minna's first mention in the photographic literature occurs in the late 1890s, when they are found submitting work (with some success) to competitions in the art journal The Studio and to a selection of regional photographic societies, including the Chelmsford Camera Club and Southsea Exhibition. After immigrating to Canada in about 1913, Keene was commissioned by the CPR to photograph the Rockies (1914–15). In 1920, they opened a studio in Toronto, relocating to Oakville in 1922.
Despite innovating in and enriching photography, female photographers were not taken as seriously as their male counterparts. Keene won numerous prizes and established studios in South Africa and Canada; yet when they were featured in an article in Maclean's magazine in 1926, they were described as "a charming hostess" and a "home lover". Them daughter Violet Keene was also a photographer.
Awards
1908: Fellow, Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain
Publications with photographs by Keene
Rediscovery: Canadian Women Photographers 1841–1941. North London, Canada: London Regional Art Gallery, 1983. By Laura Jones. . With work by 13 women: Rossetta E. Carr, Clara Dennis, M. J. Dukelow, Millie Gamble, Mattie Gunterman, Elsie Hollway, Minna Keene, Hannah Maynard, Annie G. McDougall, Geraldine Moodie, Gladys Reeves, Madge Smith, Edith S. Watson; exhibition catalogue; paperback, 36 pages. Includes 14 photographs and brief biographies of 12 of the photographers.
Royal Photographic Society. Women by Women. Rohnert Park, CA: Pomegranate, 1996. With work by 12 women: Anne Brigman, Pamela Booth, Eleanor Parke Custis, Gertrude Käsebier, Madame D'Ora, Adelaide Hanscom, Minna Keene, Rosalinda Maingot, Gisela Markham-Szanto, Eveleen Myers, Hilda Stevenson, Dorothy Wilding; calendar format; 24 pages.
Exhibitions
1910: Fifty-fifth Annual Exhibition of the Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain
1911: Fifty-sixth Annual Exhibition of the Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain
1913: Fifty-eighth Annual Exhibition of the Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain
1983: Rediscovery: Canadian Women Photographers 1841-1941, London, Ontario, Canada
2016: Painting with Light: Art and Photography from the Pre-Raphaelites to the Modern Age, Tate Britain, London.
Collections
Science and Society Picture Library, Science Museum Group, London
The National Archives, Kew, London
References
External links
Malcolm Corrigall, "Minna Keene: A Neglected Pioneer" Image and Text 30 (2018), available open access online
Keene's profile at the Canadian Women Artists History Initiative
1859 births
1943 deaths
People from Bad Arolsen
People from the Principality of Waldeck and Pyrmont
German expatriates in Canada
Canadian women photographers
19th-century Canadian photographers
19th-century women photographers
Portrait photographers
Leopoldas Alfonsas Kepalas (1913–1981) was a Lithuanian basketball player. They won gold medal with Lithuania national basketball team during EuroBasket 1937.
References
1913 births
1981 deaths
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Lithuanian men's basketball players
The 2019–20 season was FC Twente's 55th season in existence and the club's first season back in the top flight of Dutch football. It covered a period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. They participated in the Eredivisie and the KNVB Cup.
Players
Current squad
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overview
Eredivisie
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The Eredivisie schedule was announced on 14 June 2019. The 2019–20 season was abandoned on 24 April 2020, due to the coronavirus pandemic in the Netherlands.
KNVB Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
References
External links
FC Twente seasons
Twente
The Hamlin Robinson School is an independent school in Seattle offering a specialized program specifically for students with dyslexia and related language difficulties. The school was founded in 1983.
History
For over 30 years, the Hamlin Robinson School has been the only non-profit school in Washington that specializes in a program specifically for children with dyslexia and other language-related learning issues. In 1991 HRS was accredited by the Pacific Northwest Association of Independent Schools.
The school was founded in 1983 by the Slingerland Institute for Literacy and the Robinson family, in memory of Hamlin Robinson, the first board chair of the Slingerland Institute for Literacy. The school has been operating independently since the fall of 1986.
The school has grown from its first class of eleven children to a student body of over 200 in first through eighth grade. Nearly 1,000 students have attended Hamlin Robinson since its doors opened in 1983.
On May 5, 2010, the Seattle School Board approved the lease of the T.T. Minor building to the Hamlin Robinson School.
On October 8, 2012, HRS announced that it would be moving to a permanent location, and on September 23, 2013, it was announced that the site would be in the North Beacon Hill neighborhood.
The School moved to its permanent home on June 15, 2015. This new building is specifically designed for HRS's unique program.
Facts and Figures
Head of School: Stacy Turner
Faculty: 21 classroom teachers; 6 resident teachers, full-time art, music, and PE teachers; Librarian; Drama teacher; Technology Specialist; 2 Academic Aides; Counselor; Speech & Language Pathologist
Student Enrollment: 280 students in grades 1 through 8
Average Class Size: 13
Extra-curricular Activities: After-school clubs rotate each trimester; offerings include cross-country, ultimate frisbee, video production, tae kwon do, guitar, stop action video, yogalates, and digital photography
Accreditation: Hamlin Robinson School is approved by the State of Washington as an independent, not-for-profit, coeducational day school for primary through high school aged students. HRS is accredited by the Northwest Association of Independent Schools, the National Association of Independent Schools, and the Northwest Accreditation Commission.
Tuition and Fees 2018-19: $22,152 (grades 1-5), $24,232 (grades 6-8)
Financial Aid: Approximately 20% of families receive financial assistance from HRS.
References
External links
1983 establishments in Washington (state)
Educational institutions established in 1983
Private elementary schools in Washington (state)
Private middle schools in Washington (state)
Schools in Seattle
Central District, Seattle
Myosin-4 also known as myosin, heavy chain 4 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the MYH4 gene.
Function
MYH4 is a gene that encodes a sarcomeric myosin.
References
Further reading
The Ghana women's national football team represents Ghana in international women's football. It is governed by the Ghana Football Association. Its players are known as the Black Queens.
History
The beginning
The Ghana women's national team played its first international match on 16 February 1991 against Nigeria in Lagos,Nigeria. The match ended in a 5 in a match that ended 5–1 win for Nigeria.
Team image
Nicknames
The Ghana women's national football team has been known or nicknamed as the "Black Queens."
Kits and crest
The black queens have always won similar kits as their male counterparts over the years. With these kits there is a black star which is adopted from Flag of Ghana and national coat of arms in the centre of the national crest.
The kits were sponsored by Puma SE from 2005, with the deal ending in 2014. The white kit is used instead of the original gold, green, and red coloured football kit based on the colours of the Ghana national flag. The Black Stars have used an all-white and partly black football kit which was worn from the years 1957 to 1989 and again from 2006 until December 2014.
Between 1990 and 2006 the Ghana national three teams used the kit in the colours of the national flag of Ghana, with gold, green and red used extensively, as in the team's crest and also known as the Pan-African colours. The Ghana national football team's football kit for the 2014 FIFA World Cup was ranked as the best kit of the tournament by BuzzFeed. A yellow and black patterned kit was introduced in 2020 by Puma. The jersey received positive reviews on social media especially Twitter. The white kit was maintained but a black and white Kente patterned introduced.
Kit suppliers
Home stadium
Grounds and training grounds
There is an unknown home stadium for the Black Queens. World Cup and Africa Cup of Nations qualifying matches have been played at the Essipong Stadium in Sekondi-Takoradi, Kumasi Sports Stadium in Kumasi, the Cape Coast Sports Stadium in Cape Coast, the Accra Sports Stadium in the Accra and the Tamale Stadium in Tamale.
The Black Queen's training facilities and training grounds are Ghanaman Soccer Centre of Excellence also known as the National camp site or the GFA Technical Centre (GSCE) located in Prampram.
Rivalries
Nigeria
Just like their male counterparts the ''Black Stars'' Ghana national football team the Black Queens have a fierce rivalry with the Super Falcons, the Nigeria women's national football team dating to when they played their first international match till present day, with their matches creating a buzz in the media anytime the two meet.
Overall official record
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Fixtures and Results – Soccerway.com
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Anthony Edusei (1993)
Jones Ofosuhene (1997)
Emmanuel Kwasi Afranie (1998–1999)
P.S.K. Paha (2000–2002)
Oko Aryee (2002–)
John Eshun (2005)
Bashir Hayford (2005–2006, no competitive games)
Isaac Paha 2006–2008)
Mumuni Gamel (2008–2009)
Anthony Edusei (2009–2011)
Kuuku Dadzie (2011–2012)
Yusif Basigi (2013–2017)
Didi Dramani (2017–2018)
Mercy Tagoe-Quarcoo (2018)
Bashir Hayford (2018–2019)
Mercy Tagoe-Quarcoo (2019–)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up to play at two International Friendlyin April 2022 against
Caps and goals as of 10 March 2020 after match against .
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Ghana squad in the past 12 months.
Previous squads
FIFA Women's World Cup
1999 FIFA Women's World Cup squad
2003 FIFA Women's World Cup squad
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup squad
Africa Women Cup of Nations
2000 African Women's Championship squad
2010 African Women's Championship squad
2014 African Women's Championship squad
2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
Notable players
Alberta Sackey – 2002 African Women Player of the Year
Adjoa Bayor – 2003 African Women Player of the Year
Captains
Alberta Sackey (199?–2003)
Memunatu Sulemana (2003–2006)
Adjoa Bayor (2006–2010)
Florence Okoe (2010–2012)
Leticia Zikpi (2012–2014) General Captain (2018)
Elizabeth Addo (2016–)
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 28 August 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Honours
Continental
Africa Women Cup of Nations
Champions: none
Runners-up: (1998, 2002, 2006)
Third place: (1995**, 2000, 2004, 2016)
African Games
Champions: 2015
Regional
WAFU Zone B Women's Cup
Champions: 2018
Third place: 2019
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
Summer Olympics record
1996: Africa not eligible
2000: Did not qualify
2004: Did not qualify
2008: Did not qualify
2012: Did not qualify
2016: Did not qualify
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
WAFU Women's Cup record
See also
Sport in Ghana
Football in Ghana
Women's football in Ghana
Ghana Football Association
Ghana women's national under-20 football team
Ghana women's national under-17 football team
Ghana men's national football team
List of Ghana women's international footballers
References
External links
Official website, GHANAFA.org
FIFA profile
African women's national association football teams
In mathematics, the additive inverse of a number is the number that, when added to , yields zero. This number is also known as the opposite (number), sign change, and negation. For a real number, it reverses its sign: the additive inverse (opposite number) of a positive number is negative, and the additive inverse of a negative number is positive. Zero is the additive inverse of itself.
The additive inverse of is denoted by unary minus: (see also below). For example, the additive inverse of 7 is −7, because , and the additive inverse of −0.3 is 0.3, because .
Similarly, the additive inverse of is which can be simplified to . The additive inverse of is , because .
The additive inverse is defined as its inverse element under the binary operation of addition (see also below), which allows a broad generalization to mathematical objects other than numbers. As for any inverse operation, double additive inverse has no net effect: .
Common examples
For a number (and more generally in any ring), the additive inverse can be calculated using multiplication by −1; that is, . Examples of rings of numbers are integers, rational numbers, real numbers, and complex numbers.
Relation to subtraction
Additive inverse is closely related to subtraction, which can be viewed as an addition of the opposite:
.
Conversely, additive inverse can be thought of as subtraction from zero:
.
Hence, unary minus sign notation can be seen as a shorthand for subtraction (with the "0" symbol omitted), although in a correct typography, there should be no space after unary "−".
Other properties
In addition to the identities listed above, negation has the following algebraic properties:
, it is an Involution operation
notably,
Formal definition
The notation + is usually reserved for commutative binary operations (operations where for all , ). If such an operation admits an identity element (such that for all ), then this element is unique (). For a given , if there exists such that , then is called an additive inverse of .
If + is associative, i.e., for all , , , then an additive inverse is unique. To see this, let and each be additive inverses of ; then
.
For example, since addition of real numbers is associative, each real number has a unique additive inverse.
Other examples
All the following examples are in fact abelian groups:
Complex numbers: . On the complex plane, this operation rotates a complex number 180 degrees around the origin (see the image above).
Addition of real- and complex-valued functions: here, the additive inverse of a function is the function defined by , for all , such that , the zero function ( for all ).
More generally, what precedes applies to all functions with values in an abelian group ('zero' meaning then the identity element of this group):
Sequences, matrices and nets are also special kinds of functions.
In a vector space, the additive inverse is often called the opposite vector of ; it has the same magnitude as the original and opposite direction. Additive inversion corresponds to scalar multiplication by −1. For Euclidean space, it is point reflection in the origin. Vectors in exactly opposite directions (multiplied to negative numbers) are sometimes referred to as antiparallel.
vector space-valued functions (not necessarily linear),
In modular arithmetic, the modular additive inverse of is also defined: it is the number such that . This additive inverse always exists. For example, the inverse of 3 modulo 11 is 8 because it is the solution to .
Non-examples
Natural numbers, cardinal numbers and ordinal numbers do not have additive inverses within their respective sets. Thus one can say, for example, that natural numbers do have additive inverses, but because these additive inverses are not themselves natural numbers, the set of natural numbers is not closed under taking additive inverses.
See also
−1
Absolute value (related through the identity ).
Additive identity
Inverse function
Involution (mathematics)
Multiplicative inverse
Reflection symmetry
Semigroup
Monoid
Group (mathematics)
Notes and references
Abstract algebra
Arithmetic
Elementary algebra
Asaphus kowalewskii () is one of the 35 species of trilobites of the genus Asaphus (this particular species is sometimes placed in its own genus, Neoasaphus). Fossils of this species are popular among collectors because of their prominent stalked eyes (termed "peduncles"), many an inch or more in length.
In the Ordovician period, an inland sea formed in what is now Eastern Europe. The sea contained a remarkably diverse trilobite fauna. Over a dozen species of Asaphus developed in this sea, with many species, including unrelated species, developing long eyestalks in various lengths. That so many species of trilobite developed eyestalks suggests that they were trying to overcome increased turbidity, or there was some sort of massive selective pressure leading these trilobites to bury themselves in the substrate up to their eyes. This species may have lain in wait buried in a benthic layer of loose debris or sediment with only its periscope eyestalks protruding above, looking out for danger or prey.
The fossils of this species are found only in the middle Ordovician deposits of the Volkhov River region near Saint Petersburg, Russia.
References
N. Lawrow (1856). Verhandlungen der Kaiserlichen mineralogischen Gesellschaft zu St. Petersburg Jahr 1855–1856.
Some of the information in this article was taken from the website A Guide to the Orders of Trilobites by Sam Gon III.
Ivantsov A.U., Paleontological Journal, Vol. 37, Suppl 3, 2003.
Asaphidae
Ordovician arthropods
Extinct animals of Russia
Sarah Traubel (born 12 July 1986) is a German soprano in opera and concert who has performed leading roles at major opera houses and festivals. While focused on Mozart's operas, they have also performed in contemporary opera, such as Inanna in Jörg Widmann's Babylon for the opening of the 2022 Internationale Maifestspiele Wiesbaden.
Career
Traubel was born in Leimen, the great-niece of Metropolitan Opera singer Helen Traubel. They studied at the Universität der Künste Berlin, at the Mozarteum in Salzburg with Barbara Bonney where they graduated with distinction, and at the Manhattan School of Music. They took master classes with Francisco Araiza, Julie Kaufmann and Angelika Kirchschlager.
Opera
Traubel was a member of the studio of the Opernhaus Zürich. During that time, they were recognised when they stepped in at gala performance of Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail in honour of Intendant Alexander Pereira; they performed the leading role of as Konstanze in the first act, while Vilislava Gospodinova, flown in by helicopter, took over in the second act, and in the third act, Traubel acted while Gospodinova sang from the side. Traubel has collaborated with conducters such as Ádám Fischer, Daniele Gatti, Ingo Metzmacher. They appeared in Zürich also as Queen of the Night in Mozart's Die Zauberflöte), Titania in Britten's A Midsummer Night's Dream), Rosina in Mozart's La finta semplice, Amor in Haydn's L'anima del filosofo and the Angel in Pfitzner's Palestrina.
They made two role debuts at the Salzburg Festival, as Amor in Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice and as Ilia in Mozart's Idomeneo. In the 2018/19 season, they first performed the role of Donna Anna in Mozart's Don Giovanni at Theater Freiburg, and later first the Countess in Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro.
In 2022, Traubel appeared as Inanna in Jörg Widmann's Babylon for the opening of the Internationale Maifestspiele Wiesbaden at the Staatstheater Wiesbaden. A reviewer noted the precision of their extreme coloraturas. Traubel has collaborated with directors including Jens-Daniel Herzog and Harry Kupfer.
Concert
In 2020, Traubel performed the soprano solo in Mahler's Symphony No. 4 with the Mannheimer Philharmoniker, also on a tour. They appeared in Pergolesi's Stabat Mater alongside Andreas Scholl. They performed in Beethoven's Ninth Symphony with the Brandenburgisches Staatsorchester, and in Mozart's Requiem in the Mannheim Mannheimer Rosengarten.
References
External links
Sarah Traubel (management, in German) felsnerartists.com
21st-century German women opera singers
1986 births
Living people
People from Rodalben
Berlin University of the Arts alumni
Mozarteum University Salzburg alumni
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Salehabad (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād and Şālehābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 36 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
According to the Act on Protection of Nature (Ustawa o ochronie przyrody) of 2004, a Landscape Park (Parki Krajobrazowe) is defined as "an area protected because of its natural, historical, cultural and scenic values, for the purpose of conserving and popularizing those values in conditions of balanced development."
Decisions on the creation, liquidation and boundaries of Landscape Parks are taken by resolution of the provincial assembly (voivodeship sejmik). A decision to create a Landscape Park must be preceded by consultation with the council of any relevant gmina and with the Regional Director of Nature Protection. A buffer zone (otulina) may be designated in addition to the area of the Park itself.
There are 123 designated Landscape Parks throughout Poland, covering a total area of approximately . They are listed here with their English and Polish names and with the names of the voivodeships in which they are situated.
Notes
Poland
Landscape parks
Jürgen Coße (born 16 August 1969) is a German politician for the SPD and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Coße was born in 1969 and was elected directly to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1969 births
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
Fundación Global Democracia y Desarrollo (FUNGLODE) is a non-profit organization founded by Dr. Leonel Fernández, ex-President of the Dominican Republic. FUNGLODE has a sister institution called Global Foundation for Democracy and Development (GFDD). FUNGLODE has offices in Santo Domingo.
Development organizations
Political organizations based in North America
Organizations based in the Dominican Republic
es:Fundación Global Democracia y Desarrollo
Ethan Waddleton (born 23 November 1996) is an English rugby union player. They have represented the England national rugby sevens team.
Waddleton attended St Joseph's College, Ipswich and trained as a youngster at Saracens Rugby as well as playing for Colchester RFC. They made their debut for the England national rugby sevens team in January 2017 and was part of the team that won bronze at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Waddleton competed for England at the 2022 Rugby World Cup Sevens in Cape Town.
References
1996 births
Living people
England international rugby sevens players
English rugby union players
Olympic rugby sevens players of Great Britain
Rugby sevens players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Rugby sevens players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Rugby union players from Ipswich
Dichogama prognealis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Costa Rica and Ecuador.
The forewings are pearly-white with a large yellow patch at the anal angle. There is a series of four glossy bluish-black bands extending across the wing from the costal margin as far as the yellow colour, and there is a small round black spot at the anal angle. The inner margin is edged with black near the base. The hindwings are pale yellowish-white.
References
Moths described in 1895
Dichogamini
morison/opit was the authorial name given to the collaboration between composers Benjamin Morison and Simon Opit.
Project
Benjamin Morison and Simon Opit and were composers who worked exclusively in collaboration for a period of some years, approximately 1991-1994. As one commentator wrote, "Much of their work consists of two set of parts written independently, which adds a new radical sense of indeterminacy one might have thought lost in recent works of the experimentalist genre."
In a text published in 1992, they wrote:
Critical reception
The BBC broadcast several works by morison/opit.
Two concerts featuring their music were reviewed in Tempo magazine.
List of works
Based on the list of works published in Farben '92, expanded from various other sources.
long and soft bowing (1991), for bowed vibraphone and string quartet
sew the blue sail (1991)
double arrangement (1992), for piano & 'cello and violin & vibraphone
II - flute, piano, violin, viola, 'cello (1992): broadcast Fri 21st Jul 1995, 22:25 on BBC Radio 3
III - large ensemble (1992)
one piano (1992): written for Nicolas Hodges and broadcast by them Sun 19th Feb 1995, 20:45 on BBC Radio 3
touching the piano (1992), one trombone (1992)
violin, viola, cello (1993)
violins and viola (1993)
IV - Mixed ensemble (1993), for 2 violins and viola, and trombone and cello
one viola (1993)
sound river (1993)
I992 (1993) for organ
V - voices, cello (1994)
VI - violins and ensemble (1993-4)
VII - piano quartet (1994)
VIII - piano and string quartet (1988/1994): broadcast Fri 21st Jul 1995, 22:25 on BBC Radio 3
X - string quartet (1994): commissioned by BBC Radio 3
Bibliography
morison/opit, List of works, Farben '92, London: Orchid Music, 1992, edited by Edward Dudley Hughes, p. 17
morison/opit, double arrangement (text), Farben '92, London: Orchid Music, 1992, edited by Edward Dudley Hughes, p. 13-16
morison/opit, double arrangement (score of composition), Farben '92, London: Orchid Music, 1992, edited by Edward Dudley Hughes, p. 18-32
Laurence Hughes, Ixion, Purcell Room, 21 February 1993, Tempo, New Series, No. 185 (Jun., 1993), p. 33
Ian Pace, Etcetra Ensemble, Tempo, New Series, No. 188 (Mar., 1994), p. 58
References
20th-century classical composers
English classical composers
English experimental musicians
Australian classical composers
Australian experimental musicians
Living people
English male classical composers
20th-century English composers
20th-century British male musicians
Australian male classical composers
20th-century Australian male musicians
20th-century Australian musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zaenal Arief or Abo (born 3 January 1981) is an Indonesian retired professional footballer. They play as a striker. They last played for Persepam MU in Indonesia Super League. They also played for Indonesia national football team. Their younger brother, Yandi Munawar, is also a footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung.
Club career
Persigar Garut
Arief started their career with their hometown club, Persigar Garut. They began their first team debut when they were 16 years old. Arief stayed with Persigar for one season.
Persib Bandung
In the 1998 season, they moved to Persib Bandung. They rarely played because they could not compete with the senior players. They had only played until the 1999 season.
Persita Tangerang
In summer 2000, they were signed by Persita Tangerang. At this club they were starting to get rations to play. They debuted as a major player at the age of 20. In 2002, aged 21, they got the call to play with the Indonesian national team. Arief, who is now labeled "Sudag Caps," began to demand by many clubs. They remained in Persita until 2006.
International goals
|}
References
External links
http://www.persib.net/squad/zaenal-arif/
Indonesian footballers
1981 births
Living people
Indonesia international footballers
Persib Bandung players
Persita Tangerang players
Persisam Putra Samarinda players
Persikabo Bogor players
PSPS Pekanbaru players
Persepam Madura Utama players
Persela Lamongan players
Sundanese people
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
People from Garut
Association football forwards
