Ursula Moray Williams (19 April 1911 – 17 October 2006) was an English children's author of nearly 70 books for children. Adventures of the Little Wooden Horse, written while expecting their first child, remained in print throughout their life from its publication in 1939.
Them classic stories often involved brave creatures who overcome trials and cruelty in the outside world before finding a loving home. They included The Good Little Christmas Tree of 1943, and Gobbolino, the Witch's Cat first published the previous year. It immediately sold out but disappeared until re-issued in abridged form by Kaye Webb at Puffin Books twenty years later, when it became a best-seller.
Life
Williams was born in Petersfield, Hampshire, by ten minutes the youngest of identical twins. They and their sister Barbara Árnason were talented artists and for six years from the age of ten wrote and illustrated books for each other's birthdays and at Christmas.
Both were enthusiastic Girl Guides, attending some of the movement's first camps, and some of Ursula's early books were collections of stories they had told to their own Brownie pack. The girls were also keen riders – on hobby horses at first. To save for a pony they kept goats, selling their milk which they refused to drink themselves.
Thanks to their uncle, the publisher Stanley Unwin, the twins visited the Alps, which later inspired some of Ursula's most vivid writing, most notably the trilogy that began with The Three Toymakers. Its final volume, The Toymaker's Daughter, was among their most celebrated creations.
Williams' greatest source of ideas, however, was the house in which they spent their teenage years, North Stoneham House, a large, dilapidated mansion set in woodland north of Southampton. Events from their childhood recur repeatedly in their fiction, with North Stoneham described at greatest length in the 1941 A Castle for John-Peter and depicted in Faith Jaques' illustrations for Grandpapa's Folly and the Woodworm-Bookworm of 1974.
They were a friend of Puffin Books editor Kaye Webb, and organised riotous parties for the Puffin Club, of which they were made the first honorary member. They worked with illustrators like Shirley Hughes, Faith Jaques and Edward Ardizzone.
Much of their later writing included disruptive, but essentially good-hearted children, and was influenced by their work as a juvenile magistrate and as a highly involved school governor. Locally, they were greatly admired for their many acts of kindness and an instinctive Christian faith.
Personal problems, including their brother's threatened suicide, family crises, the death of their husband, the loss of an eye, and their near death to cancer, interrupted their work, but Williams went on writing until the age of 80, and achieved the longest published career of any children's writer of their generation.
They married Conrad Southey "Peter" John in 1935. They lived at Hampton, near Kingston upon Thames, then Esher, before moving to Gloucestershire in 1942, and Beckford, Worcestershire, in 1945. Peter died in 1971. They had four sons, three of whom survived them They died in 2006 at Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire.
Many of Williams' manuscripts and further correspondence are held at Seven Stories, the Centre for Children's Books in Newcastle.
An exhibition, marking the centenary of their birth, opened in Winchester in April 2011.
Books
1931 Jean-Pierre
1932 For Brownies: Stories and Games for the Pack and Everybody Else
1933 Grandfather
1933 The Pettabomination
1933 The Autumn Sweepers and Other Plays
1934 Kelpie, the Gipsies' Pony (Harrap), illustrated by Ursula and Barbara Moray Williams,
1934 More for Brownies
1935 Anders & Marta
1935 Adventures of Anne
1936 Tales for the Sixes and Sevens
1936 Sandy on the Shore
1936 The Twins and Their Ponies
1937 The Adventures of Boss and Dingbatt, as by Ursula John, photos by Conrad Southey John,
1937 Elaine of La Signe
1937 Dumpling
1938 Adventures of the Little Wooden Horse
1939 Peter and the Wanderlust; later called Peter on the Road
1939 Adventures of Puffin
1940 Pretenders; Island
1941 A Castle for John-Peter
1942 Gobbolino, the Witch's Cat
1943 The Good Little Christmas Tree
1946 The Three Toymakers
1946 The House of Happiness
1948 Malkin's Mountain – sequel to The Three Toymakers
1948 The Story of Laughing Dandino
1951 The Binklebys at Home
1951 Jockin the Jester – historical fiction
1953 The Binklebys on the Farm
1955 Grumpa
1955 Secrets of the Wood
1956 Goodbody's Puppet Show
1957 Golden Horse with a Silver Tail
1958 Hobbie
1958 The Moonball
1959 The Noble Hawks; U.S. title: The Earl's Falconer – historical fiction
1959 The Nine Lives of Island MacKenzie
1963 Beware of This Animal
1964 Johnnie Tigerskin
1964 O for a Mouseless House
1965 High Adventure
1967 The Cruise of the Happy-Go-Gay
1968 A Crown for a Queen
1968 The Toymaker's Daughter – sequel to The Three Toymakers
1969 Mog
1970 Boy in a Barn
1970 Johnnie Golightly and their Crocodile
1970 The Three Toymakers
1971 Hurricanes – four volumes of short stories for backward readers
1972 A Picnic with the Aunts
1972 Castle Merlin
1972 The Kidnapping of My Grandmother
1972 Children's Parties (and Games for a Rainy Day)
1973 Tiger Nanny
1973 The Line
1974 Grandpapa's Folly and the Woodworm-Bookworm
1975 No Ponies for Miss Pobjoy
1978 Bogwoppit
1981 Jeffy, The Burglar's Cat
1982 Bellabelinda and the No-Good Angel
1984 The Further Adventures of Gobbolino and the Little Wooden Horse – sequel
1985 Spid
1986 Grandma and the Ghowlies
1987 Paddy on the Island
References
Sources
Davison, Colin (2011). Through the Magic Door: Ursula Moray Williams, Gobbolino and the Little Wooden Horse. Northumbria Press. .
External links
Independent obituary
The Guardian obituary
1911 births
2006 deaths
People from Petersfield
English children's writers
Blind writers
Identical twins
Twin people from England
English women novelists
John Paul Spencer Bloomfield (born 1956) is an English sport shooter, specialising in Full-Bore Rifle.
Sport shooting career
Bloomfield represented England and won a silver medal in the fullbore rifle Queens Prize (open), at the 1982 Commonwealth Games in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Four years later they represented England and won a bronze medal in the fullbore rifle Queens Prize (open), at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.
They won H.M. The Queen's Prize at Bisley twice, in 1985 and 1990 and H.E. The Governor General's Prize in Canada in 1978.
References
1956 births
Living people
English male sport shooters
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Shooters at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Taylor Werner (born May 1, 1998) is an American middle- and long-distance runner. Representing the University of Arkansas, their team won the 2019 NCAA Division I Cross Country Championships. Werner is the Pan American U20 Championships 3000 m champion.
Professional
Werner, running the fastest time 5K in the U.S. during the winter season, recorded a personal best 15:11.19 during a win at Boston University on December 7. 2019, in Boston, Massachusetts.
NCAA @ Arkansas
Werner is a student-athlete from University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas, where they earned 7 All-American honors and is a 3 time Southeastern Conference Champion.
Werner was recruited to the University of Arkansas for track and cross-country in 2016, Werner's first NCAA championship appearance was at the 2016 NCAA Division I Cross Country Championships, where they finished 16th. They qualified for and placed twenty-second in the 5000 m at the 2017 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Early life
Werner was raised in Bloomsdale, Missouri, the sister of Shelby Werner, an NCAA Division II runner at Missouri Southern State Lions. Taylor is a Four-time XC All- American high school runner.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
American female track and field athletes
American female middle-distance runners
American female long-distance runners
Arkansas Razorbacks women's track and field athletes
Arkansas Razorbacks women's cross country runners
Sportspeople from Missouri
Track and field athletes from Missouri
People from Ste. Genevieve, Missouri
University of Arkansas alumni
Oksusu-cha () or corn tea is a Korean tea made from corn. While oksusu-suyeom-cha () or corn silk tea refers to the tea made from corn silk, oksusu-cha can be made from corn kernels, corn silk, or a combination of both. The caffeine-free infusion is a popular hot drink in winter. Along with bori-cha (barley tea), oksusu-cha is one of the free grain teas served in many restaurants in place of water.
In Gangwon Province, the tea is called gangnaengi-cha ()—gangnaengi is a Gangwon dialect for "corn"—and is consumed throughout late autumn and winter in most households.
Preparation
Traditionally, corn kernels are dried and roasted to prepare oksusu-cha. The roasted corn kernels are then boiled in water until the tea turns yellow. The tea is then strained and the boiled corn discarded. Although the drink is naturally sweet, sugar is sometimes added when a sweeter flavor is desired.
Roasted corn kernels are available at groceries, traditional markets and supermarkets in Korea, as well as at Korean groceries abroad. Tea bags containing ground corn are also commercially available.
Blends
Oksusu-cha is often combined with bori-cha (barley tea), as the corn's sweetness offsets the slightly bitter flavor of the barley.
Gallery
See also
Bori-cha – barley tea
Hyeonmi-cha – brown rice tea
Memil-cha – buckwheat tea
Roasted grain beverage
References
Herbal tea
Korean tea
Maize-based drinks
Temir (, Temır) is a town in Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan. It serves as the administrative center of Temir District. Population:
References
Populated places in Aktobe Region
Ural Oblast (Russian Empire)
Michael Vincent Drake (born July 9, 1950) is an American university administrator and physician who is the 21st president of the University of California. From 2014 to June 2020, they were the 15th president of The Ohio State University. From 2005 to 2014, they were the chancellor of the University of California, Irvine and prior to that served as vice president for health affairs for the University of California system.
Early life and education
Michael V. Drake was born in New York City and raised in Englewood, New Jersey, and Sacramento, California.  They are the son of a doctor and a social worker. Their mother graduated from East High School in Youngstown, Ohio, before attending college in Baltimore. The family lived in Baltimore, Nashville, Tennessee, New York, and New Jersey before settling in Northern California. During college summers in the early 1970s, they worked at the original Tower Records.
Drake graduated from C.K. McClatchy High School in 1967 and attended Stanford University. They received their Doctor of Medicine degree from University of California, San Francisco and holds three honorary degrees.
Career
Drake spent more than two decades on the faculty of the UCSF School of Medicine, ultimately becoming the Steven P. Shearing Professor of Ophthalmology and senior associate dean. They then served for five years as vice president for health affairs for the University of California system. From July 2005 to June 2014, Drake served as chancellor of the University of California, Irvine. They also served as a Professor of Ophthalmology (School of Medicine) and Education (School of Education).
University of California, Irvine chancellorship
In 2005, Drake was appointed as the fifth chancellor of the University of California, Irvine (UCI). They officially began their term on July 1, 2005. Their annual $350,000 salary remained unchanged from their previous position at the Office of the President. As of 2010 they earned $374,969.32.
Ohio State University presidency
On January 30, 2014, the Ohio State University Board of Trustees named Drake as the 15th president of Ohio State University. They began their tenure at the university on June 30, 2014. At the time of their appointment, they were part of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Institute of Medicine, and the board of directors of NCAA Division I. In March 2015, Drake was appointed to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame board.
In November 2019, the university announced that Drake would retire in 2020.
University of California presidency
On July 7, 2020, Drake was selected as the 21st president of the University of California system, making them the first Black president in UC's 152-year history.
Personal life
Drake is married to Brenda Drake. Brenda Drake is an attorney and has served as a director or trustee of organizations focused on education, international health, finance, civil rights and the arts, including the National Urban League, City Arts & Lectures in San Francisco, San Francisco University High School and Golden Gate Bank.  They are a director emerita and former board chair of Engender Health Inc., an international women's health organization, and is currently on the board of the Wexner Centre Foundation and Legal Aid Society of Columbus. Drake and their wife have two adult sons and four grandchildren.
Drake's first job was working at Tower Records.  They are quoted as saying they have a "passion for music, which is still a hobby today". In 2015, Drake was appointed to the board of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, Inc. They have had a lifelong interest in music (notably rock and jazz), plays guitar, and teaches an undergraduate course on the music of the civil rights movement.
Philanthropy
In 2017, Dr. Drake led the establishment of the Ohio State Tuition Guarantee, which freezes tuition, mandatory fees, housing and dining for four years for incoming, in-state freshmen. They also increased the value of Ohio State Land Grant Opportunity Scholarships to cover the full cost of attendance while doubling the size of the program in 2018.
Professional organizations
Association of American Universities
American Talent Initiative
National Collegiate Athletic Association
Rock & Roll Hall of Fame
Big Ten Athletic Conference
University Innovation Alliance
Association of Public and Land-grant Universities
American Academy of Arts & Sciences
The Health and Medicine Division, National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine
California Healthcare Foundation
Big West Athletic Conference
California Healthcare Institute
Archives of Ophthalmology
Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Medical Society
Association of Academic Health Centers
American Academy of Ophthalmology
Awards and honors
University of California Presidential Medal
In 2017, they and their wife, Brenda, were awarded the 10th Annual King Arts Legends & Legacies Award as well as the University of California-Irvine Medal, joining past honorees ranging from U.S. presidents to Ella Fitzgerald.
Member of the Columbus Partnership
Burbridge Award for Public Service
Asbury Award (clinical science)
Michael J. Hogan Award (laboratory science)
Controversies
Chemerinsky firing and rehiring
Drake's first major firing scandal was to fire the Dean of the UCI law school, Erwin Chemerinsky. After Chemerinsky signed a contract on September 4, 2007, Drake rescinded the offer because they felt the law professor's commentaries were "polarizing"; Drake claimed the decision was their own and not the subject of any outside influence.
The action was criticized by both liberal and conservative scholars who felt it hindered the academic mission of the law school and violated principles of academic freedom. Few believed Drake's claims that it was not the result of outside influence. The issue was the subject of an editorial in The New York Times on September 14, 2007. Details emerged revealing that UCI had received criticism on the hire from the California Supreme Court's then-Chief Justice Ronald M. George, who criticized Chemerinsky's grasp of death penalty appeals, as well as a group of prominent local Republicans who wanted to stop the appointment, including Los Angeles County Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich. Drake traveled over a weekend to meet with Chemerinsky in Durham, North Carolina, where Chemerinsky was a professor at the Duke University School of Law at the time, and the two reached an agreement. On September 17, Chemerinsky issued a joint press release with Drake indicating that Chemerinsky would head the UCI law school. On September 20, 2007, Chemerinsky's hire was formally approved by the Regents of the University of California. In 2014, Chemerinsky said that they and Drake had since reconciled.
Waters firing
Drake fired Ohio State marching band director Jon Waters on July 24, 2014, after a university investigation found that the band's "sexualized culture" was "inconsistent with the University's values and Title IX requirements". The university stated that there were "serious cultural issues and an environment conducive to sexual harassment within the Marching Band", and that the band director "was aware or reasonably should have known about" it. Waters sued for reinstatement, accusing the university, Drake, and a provost of discriminating against them by disciplining them differently than a female employee and denying them due process. Drake has stood by their decision to terminate Waters as marching band director. As of January 2015, the university had spent nearly $1 million in defense of the decision and subsequent actions.
References
External links
"UCI's First Family" Orange County Business Journal
African-American academics
American medical researchers
American ophthalmologists
Presidents of Ohio State University
Chancellors of the University of California, Irvine
People from Englewood, New Jersey
Physicians from New York City
People from Sacramento, California
Stanford University alumni
University of California, San Francisco alumni
University of California, San Francisco faculty
1951 births
Living people
African-American physicians
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
National Collegiate Athletic Association people
Scientists from New York (state)
Presidents of the University of California System
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Bastian Winkelhaus is a German Star Wars Customizable Card Game player.  They are the only 3-time world champion, and the only person to win the championship in consecutive years.  They are best known for winning the 2001 SWCCG world championship at FreedomCon. The following year, they made the top eight at the world championships again. After a long hiatus from competitive play, Winkelhaus returned and won back-to-back world championships in 2018 and 2019.
Winkelhaus has also won the European Continental Championships four times. They were one of the three SWCCG players elected to to Decipher, Inc. Hall of Fame in 2002.
See also
Star Wars Customizable Card Game
References
External links
DeckTech.net - "The 20 Greatest and Most Influential Players in SWCCG History"
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ödön Holits (7 December 1886 – 2 April 1970) was a Hungarian athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1908 Summer Olympics. They also played football, and appeared for the Hungary national team.
References
1886 births
1970 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Place of birth missing
Hungarian footballers
Hungary international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Lin Rountree (born September 15, 1971) is an American soul/urban jazz trumpeter, record producer, and composer. They have recorded six solo albums, the last three for Trippin N' Rhythm Records. Between the years 2011 - 2018 Lin Rountree released thirteen singles that landed on the National Billboard Top 25 Smooth Jazz Chart which included their single "Pass The Groove" that hit #1 for three consecutive weeks. Rountree's sixth solo album, Stronger Still, peaked at #20 on the Billboard Top 50 Jazz Albums Chart. In 2014, Lin Rountree appeared alongside Jordin Sparks and CeeLo Green in the film, Sparkle.
Biography
Lin Rountree was born September 15, 1971 in New York City, to Linwood and Yvonne Rountree. They and their family then moved to Alexandria, Virginia where they attended Hayfield Secondary School. Upon graduation Rountree went on attend Florida A&M University (FAMU) in Tallahassee, Florida and became a member of the Marching 100. While there they became a brother of Omega Psi Phi fraternity. They graduated in 1995 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from FAMU's School Of Business and Industry (SBI).
Discography
Solo albums
2005 Groovetree (BDK Records/Nu Millennium)
2008 Sumthin' Good (BDK Records/Nu Millennium)
2010 SoulTree the Soul-Jazz Experience (Independent)
2013 Serendipitous (Trippin' N' Rhythm Records)
2015 SoulFunky (Trippin' N' Rhythm Records)
2018 Stronger Still (Trippin' N' Rhythm Records)
2021 Fluid (Trippin' N' Rhythm Records)
References
1971 births
Living people
Record producers from New York (state)
21st-century American composers
American male composers
American jazz trumpeters
21st-century trumpeters
Florida A&M University alumni
Omega Psi Phi
21st-century American male musicians
Pheropsophus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following 138 species:
Pheropsophus abbreviatus Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus abyssinicus Alluaud, 1916
Pheropsophus acutecostatus Fairmaire, 1892
Pheropsophus adrianae Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus aequinoctialis (Linnaeus, 1763)
Pheropsophus africanus (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus akhaensis Kirschenhofer, 2010
Pheropsophus alexandrae Giachino, 2003
Pheropsophus amnicola Darlington, 1968
Pheropsophus andrewesi Jedlicka, 1964
Pheropsophus androyanus Alluaud, 1932
Pheropsophus angolensis (Erichson, 1843)
Pheropsophus aptinoides Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus aptinomorphus Heller, 1910
Pheropsophus arcanus (Erichson, 1843)
Pheropsophus assimilis Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus baehri Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus baliothorax Heller, 1910
Pheropsophus balkei Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus basiguttatus Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus beauvoisi Dejean, 1825
Pheropsophus beckeri Jedlicka, 1930
Pheropsophus bequaerti Burgeon, 1937
Pheropsophus bimaculatus (Linnaeus, 1771)
Pheropsophus bipartitus Fairmaire, 1868
Pheropsophus biplagiatus Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus bisulcatus Chaudoir, 1843
Pheropsophus borkuanus Bruneau De Mire, 1990
Pheropsophus brussinoi Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus canis Darlington, 1968
Pheropsophus capensis Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus capitatus Jedlicka, 1935
Pheropsophus cardoni Maindron, 1898
Pheropsophus catoirei (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus catulus Darlington, 1968
Pheropsophus chaudoiri Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus chinensis Jedlicka, 1963
Pheropsophus cincticollis Laferte-Senectere, 1850
Pheropsophus cinctus (Gory, 1833)
Pheropsophus claudiae Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus congoensis Arrow, 1901,
Pheropsophus consularis (Schmidt-Goebel, 1846)
Pheropsophus darwini Giachino, 2003
Pheropsophus debauvii (Guerin-Meneville, 1838)
Pheropsophus delmastroi Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus dilatatus Burgeon, 1936
Pheropsophus dimidiatus Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus discicollis (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus dregei Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus dux Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus ecuadorensis Hubenthal, 1911
Pheropsophus emarginatus Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus exiguus Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus fastigiatus (Linnaeus, 1764)
Pheropsophus fulminans (Fabricius, 1801)
Pheropsophus fumigatus (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus galloi Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus gironieri Eydoux & Souleyet, 1839
Pheropsophus globulicollis Hubenthal, 1918
Pheropsophus gracilis Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus gregoryi Giachino, 2003
Pheropsophus guanxiensis Kirschenhofer, 2010
Pheropsophus guineensis Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus halteri (Chaudoir, 1837)
Pheropsophus hassenteufeli Straneo, 1960
Pheropsophus heathi Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus hilaris (Fabricius, 1798)
Pheropsophus hispanicus (Dejean, 1824)
Pheropsophus humeralis Chaudoir, 1843
Pheropsophus impressicollis Laferte-Senectere, 1850
Pheropsophus infantulus Bates, 1892
Pheropsophus insignis Boheman, 1848
Pheropsophus iranicus Reitter, 1919
Pheropsophus javanus (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus jessoensis A.Morawitz, 1862
Pheropsophus jurinei Dejean, 1825
Pheropsophus katangensis Burgeon, 1937
Pheropsophus kersteni Gerstaecker, 1866
Pheropsophus kolbei Hubenthal, 1924
Pheropsophus krichna (Maindron, 1906)
Pheropsophus lafertei Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus langenhani Hubenthal, 1911
Pheropsophus laticostis Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus lineifrons Chaudoir, 1850
Pheropsophus lissoderus Chaudoir, 1850
Pheropsophus livingstoni Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus longipennis Chaudoir, 1843
Pheropsophus maculicollis Hubenthal, 1914
Pheropsophus madagascariensis (Dejean, 1831)
Pheropsophus malaisei Landin, 1955
Pheropsophus marginatus (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus marginicollis Motschulsky, 1854
Pheropsophus marginipennis (Castelnau, 1835)
Pheropsophus mashunus Peringuey, 1896
Pheropsophus minahassae Heller, 1903
Pheropsophus minor Murray, 1857
Pheropsophus nanodes Bates, 1892
Pheropsophus nebulosus Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus nigerrimus Jedlicka, 1935
Pheropsophus nigricollis Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus nigriventris Chaudoir, 1878
Pheropsophus nyasae Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus obliquatus (J.Thomson, 1858)
Pheropsophus occipitalis (W.S.Macleay, 1825)
Pheropsophus pallidepunctatus Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus palmarum Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus parallelus (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus pauliani Colas, 1944
Pheropsophus pedes Darlington, 1968
Pheropsophus perroti Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus picicollis Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus planti Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus platycephalus Reichardt, 1967
Pheropsophus prophylax Heller, 1903
Pheropsophus raffrayi Chaudoir, 1878
Pheropsophus recticollis Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus reductus Colas, 1944
Pheropsophus riedeli Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus rivieri (Demay, 1838)
Pheropsophus rolex Morvan, 1995
Pheropsophus rufimembris Fairmaire, 1901
Pheropsophus scythropus Andrewes, 1923
Pheropsophus senegalensis (Dejean, 1825)
Pheropsophus siamensis Chaudoir, 1876
Pheropsophus stenopterus Chaudoir, 1878
Pheropsophus straneoi Giachino, 2003
Pheropsophus suensoni Schauberger, 1923
Pheropsophus tamdaoensis Kirschenhofer, 2010
Pheropsophus transvaalensis Peringuey, 1896
Pheropsophus tripustulatus (Fabricius, 1792)
Pheropsophus tristis Arrow, 1901
Pheropsophus ubomboensis Barker, 1919
Pheropsophus uelensis Burgeon, 1937
Pheropsophus uniformis Hubenthal, 1914
Pheropsophus verticalis Dejean, 1825
Pheropsophus wolfi Giachino, 2005
Pheropsophus yunnanensis Kirschenhofer, 2010
References
Brachininae
Caradco is the oldest manufacturer of wooden windows and patio doors in the United States. Today part of the JELD-WEN Company, Caradco traces its history back to 1866.
History
The company was founded in Dubuque, Iowa. For many years it was known as Carr, Adams, and Collier - from which the Caradco name is derived. Examples of Caradco woodwork can still be found within the White House and other well-known buildings. The company operated a manufacturing plant in Dubuque for many years until it moved operations out of the area.
Portions of the movie F.I.S.T. were filmed at the former Caradco manufacturing plant. The plant was outfitted with new windows, which were then smashed on purpose for the film, and the windows were then replaced before the end of filming.
External links
Aluminum Windows and Doors
Doors
Window manufacturers
Companies established in 1866
1866 establishments in Iowa
Literature-based discovery (LBD), also called Literature-Related Discovery (LRD) is a form of knowledge extraction and automated hypothesis generation that uses papers and other academic publications (the "literature") to find new relationships between existing knowledge (the "discovery"). Literature-based discovery aims to discover new knowledge by connecting information which have been explicitly stated in literature to deduce connections which have not been explicitly stated.
LBD can help researchers to quickly discover and explore hypotheses as well as gain information on relevant advances inside and outside of their niches and increase interdisciplinary information sharing.
The most basic and widespread type of LBD is called the ABC paradigm because it centers around three concepts called A, B and C. It states that if there is a connection between A and B and one between B and C, then there is one between A and C which, if not explicitly stated, is yet to be explored.
History
The LBD technique was pioneered by Don R. Swanson in the 1980s. They hypothesized that the combination of two separately published results indicating an A-B relationship and a B-C relationship are evidence of an A-C relationship which is unknown or unexplored. They used this to propose fish oil as a treatment for Raynaud syndrome due to their shared relationship with blood viscosity. This hypothesis was later shown to have merit in a prospective study and they continually proposed other discoveries using similar methods.
Swanson linking
Swanson linking is a term proposed in 2003 that refers to connecting two pieces of knowledge previously thought to be unrelated. For example, it may be known that illness A is caused by chemical B, and that drug C is known to reduce the amount of chemical B in the body. However, because the respective articles were published separately from one another (called "disjoint data"), the relationship between illness A and drug C may be unknown. Swanson linking aims to find these relationships and report them.
Although the ABC paradigm is widely used, critics of the system have argued that much of science is not captured on simple assertions and it is rather built from analogies and images at a higher level of abstraction.
Systems
LBD comes generally in two flavours: open and closed discovery. In open discovery, only A is given. The approach finds Bs and uses them to return possibly interesting Cs to the user, thus generating hypotheses from A. With closed discovery, the A and C are given to the approach which seeks to find the Bs which can link the two, thus testing a hypothesis about A and C.
A number of systems to perform literature-based discovery have been developed over the years, extending the original idea of Don Swanson, and the evaluation of the quality of such systems is an active area of research. Some systems include web versions for increased user-friendliness. A common approach to many systems is the use of MeSH terms to represent scientific articles. This is used by the systems Manjal, BITOLA and LitLinker.
One well-known system within the field is called Arrowsmith and is tailored to find connections between two disjoint sets of articles, an approach labeled "two-node" search.
Another well-known system, LION LBD, uses PubTator for annotating PubMed scientific articles with concepts such as chemicals, genes/proteins, mutations, diseases and species; as well as sentence-level annotation of cancer hallmarks that describe fundamental cancer processes and behaviour. It uses co-occurrence metrics to rank relations between concepts and performs both open and closed discovery.
While LBD systems are based on traditional statistical methods, other systems leverage sophisticated machine learning methods, like neural networks. Some LBD systems represent the connection between concepts as a knowledge graph, and thus employ techniques of graph theory. The graph-based representation is also the foundation for LBD systems that employ graph databases like Neo4J, enabling discovery via graph query languages such as Cypher.
Graph-based LBD systems represent the relations between concepts using a different relation types, such as those in the UMLS Semantic Network. Some approaches go further and try to apply contextualized relations, an approach also used by the Gene Ontology for their Causal Activity Modeling (GO-CAM).
Use of databases
Besides extracting information from the body of scientific articles, LBD systems often employ structured knowledge from biocurated biological resources, like the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Men (OMIM).
List of systems
These are the published LBD systems, ordered by date of publication:
1986 - Arrowsmith
2000 - BITOLA V1
2001 - DAD
2003 - LitLinker
2004 - ACS
2004 - Manjal
2004 - IRIDESCENT
2005 - BITOLA V2
2006 - LitLinker V2
2007 - Arrowsmith V2
2008 - Anni 2.0
2008 - CoPub Discovery
2009 - RajoLink
2010 - Sem-BT
2015 - Obvio
2016 - Spark
2017 - Mine the gap
2019 - LION LBD
Semantic typing
A common task in literature-based discovery is assigning words/concepts to different semantic types. A concept might be classified under one type or multiple types. For example in the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS) the term migraine is classified under the type disease and syndrome, while the term magnesium is under two types: biologically active substance and element, ion, or isotope. The typing of concepts hones the discovery of connections between particular classes of concepts, i.e. diseases-genes or diseases-drugs.
System evaluation
The evaluation of literature-based discoveries is challenging, and includes both experimental and in silico methods. Methods try to quantify the amount of knowledge generated by systems, that should be provided in an amount and richness that is useful for scientists.
Evaluation is difficult in LBD for several reasons: disagreement about the role of LBD systems in research and thus what makes a successful one; difficulty in determining how useful, interesting or actionable a discovery is; and difficulty in objectively defining a ‘discovery', which hinders the creation of a standard evaluation set which quantifies when a discovery has been replicated or found.
A popular method used in LBD is to replicate previous discoveries. These are usually LBD-based discoveries as they are relatively easy to quantify compared to other discoveries. There are only a handful of such discoveries and approaches e tuned to perform well on these discoveries might not generalise. In this type of evaluation, the literature before the discovery to be replicated is used to generate a ranked list of discovery candidates as target or linking terms. Success is measured by reporting the rank of the term(s) of interest; the higher the rank, the better the approach.
Literature- or time-slicing involves splitting the existing literature at a point in time. The LBD system is then exposed to the literature before the split and is evaluated by how many of the discoveries in the later period it can discover. LBD systems have used term co-occurrences, relationships from external biomedical resources (e.g SemMedDB) and semantic relationships to generate the gold standards. A high precision approach is to get expert opinion to generate the gold standard, but this is time-consuming, expensive and tends to produce low recall rates.
The advantage of time-slicing in comparison to the replication of previous discoveries is the evaluation on a large number of test instances. This raises the need for evaluation metrics which can quantify performance on large, ranked lists. LBD works have used metrics popular in Information Retrieval which include Precision, Recall, Area Under the Curve (AUC), Precision at k, Mean Average Precision (MAP) and others.
The approach of Proposing new discoveries or treatments goes beyond replicating past discoveries or predicting time-sliced instances of a particular relationship and shows that a system is capable of being used in realistic situations. This is usually accompanied by peer-reviewed publication in the domain or vetting by a domain expert.
Text mining
The automation of literature-based discovery relies heavily on text mining.
The language in scientific articles often include ambiguities, and an important step for coeherent parsing of the literature is the extraction of the sense of each term in the context they are used, a task called Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD). For example, terms for genes like CT (PCYT1A) called and MR (NR3C2) can be confused with the acronyms for Computational Tomography and Magnetic Resonance, requiring sofisticated disambiguation systems. Terms are often reconciled to ontologies or other sources of unique identifiers, such as the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS). This process of mapping multiple different utterances to a single name or identifier is called normalization.
Usage
Life sciences
LBD has already been used in different waysto identify new connections between biomedical entities and new candidate genes and treatments for illnesses.
Drug discovery
LBD has seen use in drug development and repurposing as well as predicting adverse drug reactions.
The method of literature-based discovery has been used to search for treatments for a number of human diseases, including:
diabetic retinopathy
dilated cardiomyopathy
Parkinson's disease
prostate cancer
gastric cancer
multiple sclerosis
Gene and protein function discovery
The approach has also been used to propose relations of genes with particular diseases, like breast cancer.
In the context of systems vaccinology, it was used to identify proteins related to interferon gamma and that play a role in the response to vaccines.
It has also been used to propose mechanisms for currently used drugs.
Biomarker discovery
LBD has been explored as a tool to identify biomarkers for diagnostic and prognostic for diseases, e.g. for the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Other uses
Besides providing scientific hypotheses about the world, LBD has also been used to improve data analysis, via the automatic identification of possible confounding factors using the medical literature.
It has also been used to understand better disease etiology and the relation of different diseases, for example looking for the genes connecting myocardial infarction and depression, and connections between psychiatric and somatic diseases.
Beyond life sciences
LBD has mostly been deployed in the biomedical domain, but it has also been used outside of it as it has been applied to research into developing water purification systems, accelerating development of developing countries and identifying promising research collaborations.
See also
Arrowsmith System
Implicature
Latent semantic indexing
Metaphor
Text mining
Biocuration
BioCreative
Additional reading
Wilson, Patrick (1977). Public Knowledge, Private Ignorance: Toward a Library and Information Policy. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 156. .
References
Information retrieval techniques
Medical research
Fraser's rufous thrush (Stizorhina fraseri), also known as the rufous flycatcher-thrush, is a species of bird in the thrush family.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Guinea, Nigeria, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy
Finsch's flycatcher-thrush is often considered conspecific with it (BirdLife International 2004). However, Finsch's flycatcher-thrush is treated here as a separate species following the Handbook of the Birds of the World (del Hoyo et al. 2005). Also, the flycatcher-thrushes are sometimes placed in a separate genus, Stizorhina (BirdLife International 2004), but here they are placed in Neocossyphus, again following del Hoyo et al. (2005).
References
Fraser's rufous thrush
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Fraser's rufous thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sadad is a coastal village situated on the western shore of Bahrain. It is situated to the south of Malkiya and to the west of Hamad Town, in the Northern Governorate administrative region of the country.
During the Bahrain uprising, the village was a hotspot for clashes between police and anti−government protesters.
References
Populated places in Bahrain
Populated coastal places in Bahrain
Three Nunataks () are three nunataks, largely ice-covered, lying 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of Haven Mountain at the northwest edge of the Britannia Range. Named by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58.
Nunataks of Oates Land
Crypts of Henle are microscopic pockets found in scattered sections of the conjunctiva around the eyeball. They are responsible for secreting mucin, a proteinous substance that makes up the inner layer of tears. It coats the cornea to provide a hydrophilic layer that allows for even distribution of the tear film. The layer of mucin allows tears to glide evenly across the eye's surface. The crypts of Henle are named after German anatomist Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle (1809-1885).
Another anatomical structure called the glands of Manz perform a similar function. They are located in the eyeball's conjunctiva, arranged in a ring around the cornea, near the scleral junction. They also are responsible for secreting mucin into tears.
References
Essay on "Dry Eye"
Crypts of Henle
Encores is the debut compilation album by the Christian group 2nd Chapter of Acts. It collects songs from their first two Myrrh Records albums, With Footnotes and In the Volume of the Book.
Track listing
Source(s):
References
2nd Chapter of Acts albums
1981 compilation albums
Siobhan Freegard OBE (born 17 July 1967) is an entrepreneur and parenting commentator. They founded their first business, Netmums, in 2000 and grew it to become the biggest parenting website in the UK with a unique network of 151 local websites and 300 national groups for mums to meet offline, alongside 2,300 parent bloggers and over 8 million unique users each month.
 They are the author of the book How to be a Happy Mum, published by Headline. Headline published six other Netmums parenting books under Freegard's guidance.
In 2011 Freegard and their co-founders sold Netmums to Axel Springer-owned French women's publisher Aufeminin but they remained as Managing Director. In March 2014 Freegard estimated that the business was worth £50 million. In September 2014 Freegard stepped down as Managing Director to start a new content company for mothers, called Channel Mum.
They were awarded an OBE in the 2013 New Years Honours List for services to families, which was presented to them in March 2014 at Buckingham Palace by Prince William.
Personal life
Freegard has spoken publicly about the postnatal depression that they experienced after the birth of their first child, and has campaigned publicly for better support and understanding for mums with postnatal depression.
References
Living people
1967 births
English women in business
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
The Diocese of Gippsland is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia, founded in 1902. It is situated in the Gippsland region of the state of Victoria, Australia and covers most of the eastern part of the state. The diocesan cathedral is St Paul's Cathedral, Sale. The current Bishop of Gippsland, installed on 18 August 2018, is Richard Treloar.
History
The Diocese of Gippsland was created after a movement to divide the Diocese of Melbourne, the oldest Anglican diocese in Victoria, established in 1847. Talk began of this as early as 1885 and in 1900 a bill was passed to create the Diocese of Sandhurst-Beechworth. Debate continued after this decision and eventually led to another bill in 1901, with which three new dioceses were created. Along with Ballarat and Wangaratta, the Diocese of Gippsland came into existence in the following year. The bishops of each of these dioceses were elected by a body made up of the Bishop of Melbourne, four members of the Melbourne Bishopric Election Board, four clergy from the area in question and four laity. Arthur Pain was chosen to be the first to preside over the Diocese of Gippsland. They were consecrated as a bishop at St Andrew's Cathedral in Sydney, having previously ministered at St John's Darlinghurst in Sydney. They were then installed as Bishop of Gippsland in the Cathedral of St Paul in Gippsland on 10 July 1902.
Bishops
Facilities
The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral Church of St Paul, Sale. The diocese also has two affiliated schools, Gippsland Grammar School and St Paul's Anglican Grammar School, Warragul.
References
Sources
H.W. Nunn: A Short History of the Church of England in Victoria 1847-1947 (1947)
Albert E. Clarke: The Church of our Fathers
I. T. Maddern: Light and Life A history of the Anglican Church in Gippsland, Diocese of Gippsland website
External links
Gippsland
Christian organizations established in 1902
1902 establishments in Australia
Gippsland
In mathematics, coarse space may refer to
Coarse structure, a family of sets in geometry and topology to measure large-scale properties of a space
Coarse space (numerical analysis), a reduced representation of a numerical problem
The 1997 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards () was held in 1997 for the 1996 music season.
Top 10 song awards
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1997 are as follows.
Other awards
References
RTHK top 10 gold song awards 1997
RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards
Rthk Top 10 Gold Songs Awards, 1997
Rthk Top 10 Gold Songs Awards, 1997
Barbara Mulej (born 29 May 1974) is a Slovenian former professional tennis player.
Mulej won eleven singles titles and one doubles title on the ITF Circuit in their career. On 13 June 1994, they reached their best singles ranking of world No. 111. On 2 February 1991, they peaked at No. 474 in the doubles rankings.
Playing for Slovenia Fed Cup team, Mulej has accumulated a win–loss record of 19–8.
ITF finals
Singles: 17 (11–6)
Doubles: 1 (1-0)
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Slovenian female tennis players
Sportspeople from Kranj
Yugoslav female tennis players
The House of Mengüjek (Modern Turkish: Mengüçoğulları, Mengücek Beyliği or Mengüçlü Beyliği; the reigning dynasty is known as Mengujekids or Menkujakids) was an Anatolian beylik of the first period, founded after the Battle of Manzikert. The Mengujekids ruled the regions of Erzincan, Kemah, Şebinkarahisar and Divriği in Eastern Anatolia in the 12th and 13th centuries.
Mengüjek Gazi
Little is known about the founder Mengüjek Ghazi. They were probably one of the commanders of the Great Seljuk, and their principality seems to have been founded in the years following the battle. The beylik was split into the Erzincan and Divriği branches after the death of Emir İshak in 1142. By 1178, Behramşah, of the Erzincan branch, had proved their alliegance to the Rum Seljuks through marriage. While the Divriği branch under Şahinşah, recognized the Sultanate of Rum as their overlords by declaring it on their copper coins.
The Erzincan branch was subjugated by the Sultanate of Rum in 1228, and the Divriği branch was ended by the Ilkhanate in 1277.
Divriği Great Mosque
The Mengüjek dynasty is remembered primarily for its monuments in Divriği. The Divriği Great Mosque was built in 1228 by Ahmed Shah. The adjoining medical center, or Darüşşifa, was built in the same year by Turan Melik, daughter of the Mengüjek ruler of Erzincan, Fahreddin Behram Shah. Both buildings are on UNESCO's World Heritage List.
Rulers
Mengüjek Gazi (1072-1118)
İshak (1118-1142)
Branch of Erzincan
Davudşah (1142-1162)
Süleymanşah (1151-1162)
Fahrettin Behramşah (1162-1225)
Alaeddin Davudşah II (1225-1228)
Branch of Divriği
Süleyman (1142-1162)
Şahinşah (1162-1198)
Süleyman II (1198-1227)
Ahmetşah (1227-1251)
Melik Salih (1251-1277)
See also
Divriği Great Mosque
Battle of Malazgirt
Anatolian beyliks
List of Sunni Muslim dynasties
References
External links
Sources
Anatolian beyliks
History of Erzincan Province
History of Sivas Province
History of Giresun Province
States and territories established in 1072
Sunni dynasties
One Tree Hill (sometimes also called Single Tree Hill) is a mountain situated in the Nuwara Eliya District of Sri Lanka. It is the 10th highest mountain in Sri Lanka.
See also
List of mountains of Sri Lanka
References
Mountains of Sri Lanka
Landforms of Nuwara Eliya District
The Enlightenment Movement () is a grassroots civil disobedience movement of Hazaras created in 2016 in Afghanistan in response to the Afghan government's change in routing plans for proposed international electricity networking, which was perceived as continuing historical anti-Hazara discrimination. The group organised major protests in Afghanistan and internationally during 2016 and 2017, protesting against discrimination. The group's youthful leadership challenged traditional Hazara leaders for representativity of the community.
Background
Nonviolent resistance movements in Afghanistan include Khudai Khidmatgar, which held long-term campaigns of nonviolent resistance to the British colonial government in the 1930s, and the Tabassum movement in November 2015, in which massive, multiethnic, protests with women playing significant roles took place in Kabul and across Afghanistan in protest against the execution of seven Hazaras by a group claiming association with Islamic State.
Creation
In 2016, Hazaras in Afghanistan and in the Hazara diaspora, especially students and academics, started coordinating in small groups to oppose the continued persecution of Hazara people. The Central Asian Energy Supply Improvement Investment Program (commonly known as TUTAP for Turkmenistan–Uzbekistan–Tajikistan–Afghanistan–Pakistan) was initially planned to pass through Bamyan Province, where it would have benefited many Hazaras, a major component of the population. Rumours of government plans to shift the route away from Bamyan Province circulated in January 2016, and a first protest was held in Bamyan on 9 January 2016. In a non-public session on 30 April 2016, the Afghan government shifted the proposed route to Salang Pass instead, arguing that this was economically justified. Hazaras disagreed, seeing the change as ethnic discrimination that would deprive them of the chance at equalising their access to resources. Protests started in early May in Bamyan and other cities around Afghanistan. Two thousand Hazaras met in western Kabul in Mosala of Shahid Mazari and decided to coordinate under the name Enlightenment Movement.
Leadership and membership
The Enlightenment Movement was led by "The People's High Council", a group of students and academics. Sayed Ziafatullah Saeedi stated that these primarily consisted of Hazara youths, as opposed to traditional Hazara leaders "from quasi-warlord backgrounds". Basir Ahang said that traditional Hazara leaders initially supported the Enlightenment Movement and its demands, but shifted towards the government's stance, thereby losing support from the young generation.
Actions
Ultimatum
The first action of the Enlightenment Movement was to set a two-week ultimatum to the government to cancel its decision changing the route of TUTAP and restore the plan for the route to pass through Bamyan. The organisers stated that civil disobedience would be carried out if the government refused.
16 May 2016 protest
On 16 May 2016, an Enlightenment Movement protest with a million participants in Kabul and parallel protests in other cities took place. Authorities placed shipping containers to prevent protestors reaching the presidential palace in Kabul. The protestors chanted slogans and stayed in Dehmazang Square for several hours. The People's High Council called for the protestors to disband peacefully, fearing violent repression by security forces.
Support protests continued internationally during the following weeks.
9 June Warsaw protest
During the 2016 Warsaw summit of NATO, Hazaras protested, leading Afghan president Ashraf Ghani to cancel a planned press conference.
23 July 2016 protest
On 23 July 2016, another major protest coordinated by the Enlightenment Movement started at 7am in the Dashte Barchi area of Kabul, a majority Hazara area. The protest included women with flowers at the head of the march, and overall had a "significant" participation by women protestors.
During the march, two suicide bombers blew themselves up, with initial estimates of 80 deaths and 200 wounded. The Afghan National Directorate of Security and the Taliban attributed responsibility for the attack to the Islamic State, which denied responsibility. Authorities cleaned the site of the attack, which Basir Ahang interpreted as obstructing forensic investigation of the scene.
Tweet campaign
On 28 July, a Twitter campaign with the hashtags #Enlightenment and #EnlightenmentMovement took place, generating 400,000 tweets. Tweets called for justice and support for the victims of the attack and for opposition to anti-Hazara discrimination. The Twitter account of Abdullah Abdullah, Afghan Chief Executive, was cracked with a message stating "I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery" and including the #Enlightenment and #EnlightenmentMovement hashtags.
April 2017 Canberra protest
On 3 April 2017, Enlightenment Movement protests took place in Canberra during an official state visit by Ghani, the first by an Afghan president to Australia. The protest included 1000 Afghans and supporters opposing anti-Hazara discrimination and opposing the deportation back to Afghanistan of Afghans who had been refused the right of asylum.
References
Non-profit organisations based in Afghanistan
Leslie Herson (November 2, 1942 – August 16, 2008) was an American business person and artist.  They are known for creating the cult vintage store Love Saves The Day or LSD, which operated in New York City's East Village from 1966 until 2009.  They are credited for being one of the first to recognize the value of Kitsch items before flea markets became popular.
Personal life
They were born Leslie Bambi Fishman in Brooklyn, and moved to Manhattan to attend New York University, where they graduated with a fine-art degree. In the early 1970s they operated a vintage store in Hawaii. Them love of vintage clothes and antiques inspired them to open their own store. They became well known in the New York City area, especially amongst thrift store aficionados. Originally they planned to design their own clothing to be featured in the store, but eventually they only sold used clothing, and no original creations. Them first marriage was to Norman Kamerling, a New York filmmaker. They met their second husband, Richard "Ritchie" Herson, in 1977 when they came to their inquiring about renting an apartment from an ad they saw in The Village Voice. They began dating and soon married. They had an older sister, Sandy, their mother Hana, and their father Jesse.
Love Saves The Day
Herson opened the original Loves Saves the Day store in 1966 on 77 E. 7th. They stated the name was a nickname for the drug LSD, noting that at that time in the 1960s, many of the people they knew were on drugs. The title is also a symbol of their self-described hippie lifestyle. They were known for their collection of Beatles memorabilia, and the store title was also inspired by the song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds". The store operated at that location until 1982, when they moved to the now famous location on Second Avenue and E. 7th. Street, from where the store operated from 1983 until 2009. In the summer of 1984, they allowed for filming to take place at the store. The film was Desperately Seeking Susan, in which Madonna and Rosanna Arquette visit the store. Appearing in the film made the store even more popular. Many local artists and production designers came to Leslie for items used for film and stage sets. Inside the store, there was an autograph wall which contained signatures from some of the many famous visitors over the years, including Marc Jacobs, Joey Ramone, Alice Cooper, Björk, Kelly Osbourne, Tim Burton, Drea de Matteo, and Debbie Harry. The store was managed by Martin Ruginis, who painted the famous colorful exterior, and created many of the window displays. The store was featured often on television as well. In 1996, MTV VJ Kennedy hosted the show Alternative Nation live from the store.
In 2005 the store was in danger of closing due to rent-increases from the landlords. They were able to work out a three-year lease that kept the store going. The original rent on the store was around one hundred dollars per month, which had changed to eleven thousand per month.
Store closing and death
They died on August 16, 2008 in Carversville, Pennsylvania, at the age of 65. Them husband Richard, who described the store as their "canvas" as an artist, soon decided they could no longer operate the store in the East Village, and it was announced it would close, which it did in January 2009. The Herson's maintained an apartment in the East Village, and also had a country home in Carversville, and operated a second location of Love Saves the Day in New Hope, Pennsylvania, which their husband continues to operate as of 2015. Some of the window displays Leslie had created caused controversy in the New Hope community due to their extreme nature.
On Thursday March 26, 2015, the building that formerly housed the famous Love Saves the Day store was destroyed by the East Village Fire. Many of the local residents mourned the loss of the building where the store once was, as it had been a focal point in East Village, Manhattan counter-culture. After the store closed it was briefly used as a restaurant, but at the time of the fire the store was vacant.
External links
References
1942 births
2008 deaths
American fashion businesspeople
American women in business
Artists from New York City
New York University alumni
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
Paul Vinsnes (18 October 1794 – 23 August 1889) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
Biography
Vinsnes was born at Drammen in Buskerud, Norway. They were the son of Johan Fredrik Winsnes (1768–1838) and their wife Barbara Holm (1774–1828). Their father had been a parish priest to Råde in Østfold, later in Stange in Hedmark. Their grandfather had been a Magistrate for the Gudbrandsdalen district of Norddalen in Oppland. They graduated from the University of Copenhagen as cand.theol. with laud in 1814.
They first worked for two years as a teacher in Drammen, then a catechist at Our Saviour's Church in Kristiania (now Oslo Cathedral) before they became chaplain in Vang in Hedmark in 1819. They were then appointed as vicar in Trysil in Hedemark in 1820, Hurdal in Akershus in 1822, Aurdal in Nord-Aurdal in 1827. They were assigned to Brunlaugnes (now Brunlanes) in Larvik in 1830 where they were also they were the first mayor of the municipality during the period 1838–1846. They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, 1842 and 1844, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Laurviks Amt (now Vestfold).
They subsequently returned to the priesthood as dean at Vang, Hedemark. They retired in 1870.
In 1817, Paul Vinsnes married Hanna Olava Strøm (1789–1872), niece of professor Hans Strøm. They had several children. Their great-granddaughter, Barbra Ring, was a notable author.
References
1794 births
1889 deaths
Politicians from Drammen
Members of the Storting
Vestfold politicians
Norwegian priest-politicians
University of Copenhagen alumni
It Matters to Me is the second studio album by American country music artist Faith Hill. It was released in August 1995 via Warner Bros. Records Nashville. Certified 4× Multi-Platinum by RIAA for shipments of four million copies, it produced five Top 10 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: "Let's Go to Vegas", the title track, "Someone Else's Dream", "You Can't Lose Me", and "I Can't Do That Anymore".
Critical reception
Track listing
Personnel
Gary Carter – pedal steel guitar
Ashley Cleveland – background vocals
Bill Cuomo – synthesizer
Dan Dugmore – pedal steel guitar, lap steel guitar
Paul Franklin – pedal steel guitar
Trey Gray – drums
Lisa Gregg – background vocals
Rob Hajacos – fiddle
John Hobbs – piano, Hammond B-3 organ
Steve Hornbeak – background vocals
Dann Huff – electric guitar
Robert Johnson – background vocals
Anthony Joyner – bass guitar
Elaine Krisle – piano
Carl Marsh – synthesizer
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Wendell Mobley – background vocals
Matt Rollings – piano
Pam Rose – background vocals
Tom Rutledge – acoustic guitar
Michael Spriggs – acoustic guitar
Karen Staley – background vocals
Harry Stinson – background vocals
Russ Taff – background vocals
Lou Toomey – electric guitar
Billy Joe Walker Jr. – acoustic guitar
Cindy Richardson Walker – background vocals
Dennis Wilson – background vocals
Lonnie Wilson – drums
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Reese Wynans – piano, Hammond B-3 organ
Hand claps on "Keep Walkin' On" performed by Mark Capps, Bill Cuomo, Paul Franklin, Darrell Franklin, Scott Hendricks, Faith Hill, Brent Mason, Michelle Perry, Michael Spriggs, Lonnie Wilson, and Glenn Worf.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1995 albums
Faith Hill albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Scott Hendricks
Justice Shepherd may refer to:
Allan G. Shepherd, associate justice of the Idaho Supreme Court
James E. Shepherd, associate justice and chief justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court
Randall T. Shepard, associate justice and chief justice of the Supreme Court of Indiana
Abeer, Abir, Aviri (Arabic: عبير‎) is a feminine name of Arabic origin. "Abeer" means fragrance, aroma, perfume or scent.
Notable people
Abeer Abdelrahman, Egyptian weightlifter
Abeer Abu Ghaith (born c. 1985), Palestinian technology entrepreneur, and social activist.
Abeer Al-Janaby, Iraqi girl killed by United States forces in the Mahmudiyah rape and killings
Abeer Al-Nahar, Jordanian footballer
Abeer Alwan, American electrical engineer and speech processing researcher
Abeer Essawy, Egyptian taekwondo practitioner
Abeer Hamza, Egyptian lecturer
Abeer Issa, Jordanian actor
Abeer MacIntyre (born 1964), British-Jordanian radio and television presenter
Abeer Nehme (born 1980), Lebanese singer
Abeer Odeh (born 1962), Palestinian politician
Abeer Rantisi, Jordanian footballer
Abeer Seikaly, Jordanian-Canadian architect
Abeer bint Abdullah Al Saud, Saudi royal
See also
Abir (disambiguation)
References
Arabic feminine given names
The Deva dynasty of Saketa, was a dynasty of kings who ruled in the area of the city of Ayodhya, Kosala, in India from the 2nd century BCE until the end of 1st century BCE.
Political history
Five Deva kings are attested by their coins: Mula-deva, Vayu-deva, Vishakha-deva, Patha-deva, and Dhana-deva. Another king - Phalgudeva - is attested by the 1st century BCE Ayodhya inscription of their son Dhanadeva.
After the decline of the Maurya empire, Saketa (modern Ayodhya) appears to have come under the rule of the Shunga ruler Pushyamitra. One interpretation of Dhanadeva's inscription suggests that Pushyamitra appointed at a Deva king as a governor at Saketa. This would mean that the Devas ruled as Shunga vassals. However, another interpretation suggests that the Devas ruled as sovereigns and considered themselves as legitimate heirs of the Shungas.
The Yuga Purana mentions Saketa as the residence of a governor, and describes it as being attacked by a combined force of Greeks, Mathuras, and Panchalas. Patanjali's commentary on Panini also refers to the Greek siege of Saketa. The Yuga Purana states that Saketa was ruled by seven powerful kings after the retreat of the Greeks. The Vayu Purana and the Brahmanda Purana also state that seven powerful kings ruled in the capital of Kosala. These kings appear to be same as the Deva kings: Dhanadeva's is described as the king of Kosala (Kosaladhipati) in their inscription.
Although the texts mention seven powerful kings of Kosala, only six Deva kings are known from coins and an inscription. Indologist Hans T. Bakker speculates that Mitra-deva, who is mentioned in the 7th century text Harshacharita, may have been the seventh Deva king. Mitra-deva is said to have killed Sumitra (that is, the Shunga king Vasumitra). If Bakker's identification is correct, it appears that the Deva kings rebelled against their Shunga overlords. However, several kings, whose names ended in -deva, ruled various parts of India, so this identification is not certain. Moreover, some manuscripts of Harshacharita mention the king's name as Muladeva.
The Deva dynasty was replaced by the Datta dynasty at the end of the 1st century BCE, which itself was replaced by the Mitra dynasty in the 1st and 2nd centuries CE, which also ruled in Mathura. It is thought that the Indo-Scythian Northern Satraps ultimately replaced these local kings, until the advent of the Kushan Empire.
Rulers
Based on the identification of Mitradeva as a Deva king, Hans T. Bakker provides the following list of Deva kings:
Muladeva (possibly a vassal of Pushyamitra at Saketa)
Mitradeva (contemporary of Vasumitra)
Vayu-deva
Patha-deva
Phalgudeva
Dhanadeva
Vishakhadeva
References
Bibliography
Shunga Empire
Ayodhya
History of Uttar Pradesh
Dynasties of India
Philibert Berthelier (c. 1465August 23, 1519), often known just as Berthelier, was a Genevan patriot, an uncompromising enemy of the Duke of Savoy in their ambition to control Geneva.
Rebellion against the Duke of Savoy
In 1513, the Duke of Savoy nominated their cousin as bishop of Geneva, and Berthelier called for a rebellion, but later made a political compromise with the Bishop of Geneva when accepting nomination as commander of the Castle of Penay. However, in June 1515 they rose in open rebellion, and in 1517 even fled to Fribourg in order to secretly promote a cooperation between the republican factions in both cities. In February 1518 they returned to Geneva after being given safe conduct by the bishop of that city, and in October of the same year began a series of secret meetings with members of the republican faction in the city (known as Huguenots) for the purpose of overthrowing Savoy rule. In order to prevent any rebellion, the bishop of Geneva decided to move their residence into that city from Pignerol, where they resided most of the time, and on April 20, 1519 moved into Geneva. Berthelier was offered by their friends to flee to Fribourg another time, but refused.
Trial and execution
Berthelier was arrested by the bishop's soldiers on August 23, 1519, and was tried for treason against the Duke of Savoy. For the purpose of the trial, the bishop circumvented the laws of the land that required trial by the Grand Council established in 1457 and appointed a former dentist named Jean Desbois as a special judge. After a summary trial held on the same day, Berthelier was found guilty and was sentenced to death by beheading. The sentence was carried out on the same day.
Legacy
In the grounds of the church that stands beside the Domaine de Chateauvieux in the village of Peney, overlooking the Rhone near Geneva, there is a small plaque erected in 1986 to commemorate the 450th anniversary of the Reformation. This refers to the Castle of Peney as the 'ancient fief of Philibert Berthelier'. After the Reformation was declared Peney Castle was a stronghold of Catholicism and was destroyed by the Genevans in 1536. On the site now stands the Domaine de Chateauvieux, a luxury hotel and restaurant which has a brief historical account of the castle in English.
Berthelier had a son by the same name, who was an opponent of Jean Calvin.
References
1460s births
1519 deaths
The women's light heavyweight (65 kg/143 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third heaviest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving just six fighters - all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few fighters for an eight-woman tournament, two of the competitors were given a bye through to the semi finals. Kamila Balanda from Poland defeated Mimma Mandolini from Italy in the final by split decision to win the gold medal. Defeated semi finalists Vera Avdeeva from Russia and Ina Ozerava from Belarus both won bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Time Is is the final studio album recorded by The Idle Race. It was recorded in 1970 after Jeff Lynne had left the band. They were replaced by vocalist Dave Walker and guitarist Mike Hopkins.
Track listing
"Dancing Flower" (Dave Pritchard) – 2:14
"Sad O'Sad" (Pritchard) – 3:28
"The Clock" (Pritchard) – 3:22
"I Will See You" (Dave Walker) – 3:11
"By the Sun" (Roger Spencer) – 6:42
"Alcatraz" (Pritchard, Spencer, Walker) – 4:02
"And the Rain" (Walker, Pritchard) – 2:52
"She Sang Hymns Out of Tune" (Jesse Lee Kincaid) – 3:07
"Bitter Green" (Gordon Lightfoot) – 3:45
"We Want It All" (Walker, Spencer) – 4:10
Personnel
The Idle Race
Dave Pritchard - vocals, rhythm guitar, flute
Dave Walker - vocals, harmonica, piano
Mike Hopkins - lead guitar, acoustic guitar, vocals
Greg Masters - bass guitar, vocals, electric cello
Roger Spencer - drums, percussion, vocals
Technical
Management - Don Arden
Producer - Idle Race, Kenneth Young
Assistant producer - David Arden
Design, art direction - Joe McGillicuddy
Photography - Tim Fulford-Brown
References
1971 albums
The Idle Race albums
The Gee Gee Bridge was a heritage-listed road bridge that carried Noorong Road across the Wakool River, connecting Cunninyeuk with Wetuppa in New South Wales, Australia. The bridge was designed by Harvey Dare and opened in 1929. Owned by the Murray River Council it was replaced by a concrete structure in May 2020 and demolished.
History
Timber truss road bridges have played a significant role in the expansion and improvement of the NSW road network. Prior to the bridges being built, river crossings were often dangerous in times of rain, which caused bulk freight movement to be prohibitively expensive for most agricultural and mining produce. Only the high priced wool clip of the time was able to carry the costs and inconvenience imposed by the generally inadequate river crossings that often existed prior to the trusses construction. Timber truss bridges were preferred by the Public Works Department from the mid 19th to the early 20th century because they were relatively cheap to construct, and used mostly local materials. The financially troubled governments of the day applied pressure to the Public Works Department to produce as much road and bridge work for as little cost as possible, using local materials. This condition effectively prohibited the use of iron and steel, as these, prior to the construction of the BHP steel works at Newcastle in the early 20th century, had to be imported from England.
Harvey Dare, the designer of Dare truss and other bridges, was a leading engineer in the Public Works Department, and a prominent figure in early 20th century NSW.
Timber truss bridges, and timber bridges generally were so common that NSW was known to travellers as the "timber bridge state".
The 1929 bridge was replaced under the Roads & Maritime Services Timber Truss Bridge Strategy. The old bridge was demolished as part of the replacement. Work commenced in September 2018 with the new bridge opened in May 2020. The original bridge was subsequently demolished.
Description
Gee Gee Bridge was a Dare-type timber Allan truss road bridge. It has a single timber truss span of . There are three timber approach spans at one end and two at the other giving the bridge an overall length of .
The super structure was supported by timber trestles and provided a dual-lane carriage way with a minimum width of . A timber post and rail guard rail extended the full length of the bridge. In the 1990s strengthening of the timber trestles took place.
References
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Murray River Council
Road bridges in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Bridges completed in 1929
Buildings and structures demolished in 2020
1929 establishments in Australia
2020 disestablishments in Australia
Truss bridges in Australia
Wooden bridges in Australia
Bridges in the Riverina
General Sir Charles Wills (October 166625 December 1741) was a professional soldier from Cornwall, who was Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance and Member of Parliament for Totnes from 1718 to 1741.
They began their military career in 1689, serving successively in the Williamite War in Ireland, the Nine Years War and the War of the Spanish Succession. During the Jacobite rising of 1715, they commanded government troops at the Battle of Preston, which ended the revolt.
Wills was rewarded with promotion to Lieutenant-General and returned for Totnes, a seat controlled by the Duke of Bolton, a prominent Whig. Despite making little impact on Parliament, they were a reliable supporter of the government and appointed Privy Councillor in 1719.
George I made them one of the first members of the newly revived Order of the Bath in 1725, but Wills failed to gain a peerage as expected. They died in London on 25 December 1741 and was buried in Westminster Abbey.
Personal details
Wills was baptised at St. Goran, Cornwall, on 23October 1666, one of six surviving sons born to Anthony Wills of St Goran, and their wife Jenofer (died 1729). Their brothers included Anthony (ca 1657–1690), John (1664-?), Richard (1665-ca 1719), Edward (died before 1728) and Symon (1668-?). Charles was by far the most successful, although Richard retired in 1712 as a colonel, Edward as a captain, while several nephews also served under him.
Wills never married and died in London on 25 December 1741. With the exception of a few bequests, the bulk of their considerable estate was left to their executor Sir Robert Rich, which was unsuccessfully challenged in court by their nephew Richard.
Career; 1689 to 1714
Little is known of Wills' career prior to the 1688 Glorious Revolution, when they received a commission in the expanded army raised by William III. They and their brother Richard were appointed to a regiment raised by Thomas Erle, which took part in the 1689 to 1691 Williamite War in Ireland, fighting at The Boyne and Aughrim. In July 1691, the brothers switched to the 19th Foot, then also serving in Ireland, with Wills promoted to captain.
Transferred to Flanders in early 1692 during the Nine Years' War, their regiment fought in the battles of Steenkerque and Landen, as well as the Siege of Namur. In 1694, they became a major in Colonel Saunderson's regiment, reaching the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in 1697 shortly before the war ended with the Treaty of Ryswick and their unit disbanded.
With the outbreak of the War of the Spanish Succession in June 1701, Wills was appointed to the newly raised 36th Foot, sent to Spain in 1702 as part of an Anglo-Dutch-German force under the Duke of Ormonde. They took part in the capture of Port St Mary, before joining an expedition to the West Indies, led by Christopher Codrington. In March 1703, they landed on the French island of Guadeloupe, but suffered heavy losses from disease. After Codrington became ill in late April, Wills supervised the evacuation of the remaining troops in May, before returning to Ireland.
In 1705, Wills accompanied the Earl of Peterborough to Spain as quartermaster-general, serving at the capture of Barcelona on 4 October 1705; nine days later, they were made colonel of a regiment of marines, later the 30th Foot. In January 1706, they participated in a brief but bloody encounter at San Esteban de Litera, taking command when Major-General Conyngham was mortally wounded. They were also part of the garrison during the unsuccessful Bourbon attempt to retake Barcelona in April 1706, and was promoted brigadier-general on 1 January 1707.
In March, Peterborough was recalled to England and replaced by the Earl of Galway, who suffered a serious defeat by Bourbon-Spanish forces at Almansa in April. Wills had been left in command of Allied forces in Catalonia and led the defence of Lleida, which surrendered on 11 November after a siege of two months. Their stubborn resistance prevented the Bourbons from taking full advantage of their victory and attacking Barcelona. The garrison was given free passage to Allied-held territory, although Wills was briefly held in retaliation for the alleged detention of a Spanish officer.
The British government decided on a renewed offensive in 1708; when a Royal Navy squadron under John Leake attacked Sardinia in August, Wills commanded a landing force of 1,600 men which captured the capital Cagliari. Returning to Britain in October, they remained there until late 1709 when they were sent back to Spain, now as a major-general under James Stanhope. After victories at Almenar and Saragossa, the Allies entered Madrid, but could not hold the interior and were forced to retreat. Wills was among the 3,500 British troops forced to surrender at the Brihuega on 8 December.
The Battle of Villaviciosa on 10 December confirmed Bourbon control of Spain, while the 1710 British general election returned a Tory government that wanted peace. In the reduction of the army that followed, their brothers lost their commissions, while Stanhope's recommendation they be promoted to lieutenant-general failed to be approved. However, they were released after a few months, while their regiment avoided being disbanded like many others by being converted to an infantry unit and posted to Ireland in 1714.
Career; 1715 and after
Under the 1701 Act of Settlement, Catholics were excluded from the British throne; this meant when Queen Anne died in August 1714, their successor was the distantly related but Protestant George I, rather than their Catholic half-brother James Francis Edward. The Tories lost office and pro-Hanoverian Whigs like Stanhope controlled government for the next 30 years. When the Jacobite rising of 1715 began in late August, Whig sympathisers were placed in key positions, with Wills given command of government troops in Chester. On 13 November, they attacked the rebels at Preston but was repulsed; next day, they were joined by forces under George Carpenter and with no possibility of escape, the Jacobites surrendered.
Carpenter and Wills had allegedly clashed previously in Spain; despite being the senior officer, Carpenter felt Wills had taken most of the credit for this victory, while their role had been ignored. The two nearly came to blows, before the matter was smoothed over by Marlborough; Wills finally received their promotion to Lieutenant-General, although Carpenter became Commander-in-chief, Scotland. In January 1716, Wills was appointed colonel of the 3rd Foot, served as Governor of Berwick-upon-Tweed from 1715 to 1718, then Portsmouth from 1718 to 1719, both considered important posts. On 22 April 1718, they were made Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance, a post they retained until their death in 1741.
At a by-election on 29 December 1718, Wills was returned as Member of Parliament for Totnes, a constituency controlled by the Whig Duke of Bolton. They held this seat continuously until their death, became a Privy Councillor on 9 May 1719 and voted reliably for the government, but otherwise made little impact on Parliament. One of the first members of the newly revived Order of the Bath in 1725, they were also appointed colonel of the Foot Guards in 1726; George I reportedly intended to make them a peer but this ended with their death in June 1727.
At a review of the Guards in July 1737, Wills rode off the field after George II allegedly called them a liar; although they became general of the infantry in 1739, this may have been why they did not reach the rank of Field Marshall as they expected. Wills died in London on 25 December 1741, and was buried in Westminster Abbey, although without a monument or gravestone. With the exception of a few legacies, they left the considerable sum of £5,000 to their aide-de-camp, Robert Rich, and the reminder to Robert's father and their executor, Sir Robert.
References
Sources
Further reading
1666 births
1741 deaths
Burials at Westminster Abbey
Williamite military personnel of the Williamite War in Ireland
British military personnel of the Nine Years' War
British military personnel of the War of the Spanish Succession
People of the Jacobite rising of 1715
30th Regiment of Foot officers
36th Regiment of Foot officers
Green Howards officers
Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment) officers
Grenadier Guards officers
British Army generals
Knights Companion of the Order of the Bath
Members of the Privy Council of Great Britain
Politicians from Cornwall
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
"Room on the 3rd Floor" is a song by English pop rock band McFly. It was released on 15 November 2004 as the fourth and final single from their debut studio album of the same name (2004). The song debuted at number five in the UK Singles Chart and peaked at number 27 in Ireland. The song also appears as a B-side for the band's next single, "All About You/You've Got a Friend".
Background
"Room on the 3rd Floor" was written by band members Tom Fletcher and Danny Jones. The song is less upbeat and uptempo than their previous singles. It was written during Fletcher and Jones' two-month stay at the InterContinental London (Room 363), which they found a little tedious; they began listening in to arguments in the neighbouring rooms, and wrote about a rather annoying room-service maid, all of which are mentioned on the track.
Music video
The video depicts the band as small plastic models (based on Tamiya models). During the shoot, the band were painted blue ("Like a smurf"- Danny) and then digitally enhanced to make them look like plastic. McFly can be seen in full colour playing on the packaging box; the McFly Set with Roadie and Fans is a nod to their then upcoming tour.
Track listings
UK CD1 and 7-inch picture disc
"Room on the 3rd Floor"
"Crazy Little Thing Called Love"
UK CD2
"Room on the 3rd Floor"
"5 Colours in Them Hair" (live)
"Deck the Halls"
"Room on the 3rd Floor" (live)
"Room on the 3rd Floor" (video)
UK DVD single
"Room on the 3rd Floor" (audio)
"Obviously" (video)
"McFly Home Movie" (Part 2)
"Guitar Lessons with Tom and Danny"
Personnel
Personnel are adapted from the UK CD2 liner notes.
Tom Fletcher – writing, guitar
Danny Jones – writing, guitar
Dougie Poynter – bass guitar
Harry Judd – drums
Hugh Padgham – production, mixing
Jay Reynolds – engineering, Pro Tools
Raj Das – assistant engineering
Richard Woodcraft – assistant engineering
Andy Saunders – assistant engineering
Charts
References
2004 singles
2004 songs
Island Records singles
McFly songs
Song recordings produced by Hugh Padgham
Songs written by Danny Jones
Songs written by Tom Fletcher
Universal Records singles
de:McFly
Room on the 3rd Floor
sv:McFly
Inge Thomas Dahl Debes (15 May 1882 – 25 November 1945) is a Norwegian jurist, editor and politician.
They were born in Kragerø. They were married to Sigrid Torgersen (1885–1936) from 1905 to 1913. They divorced and they later married Jakob Friis (1914 to 1924) and Emil Stang, Jr. (from 1925).
Debes edited the Norwegian Labour Party publication Det 20de Århundre in the early 1910s, but joined the Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway after the party split in 1921.
From 1925 they chaired the organization Norsk forening for sosialt arbeid. They were a judge in Oslo City Court from 1926, and published several books. In 1945 they chaired the commission that delivered a controversial document on "war children" to the Norwegian Ministry of Social Affairs, which was stopped by Sven Oftedal and never reached the Parliament of Norway for deliberation.
References
1882 births
1945 deaths
Norwegian judges
Norwegian magazine editors
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway politicians
People from Kragerø
is a Japanese footballer who plays as a centre back for EFL Championship club Huddersfield Town and the Japan national team.
Club career
Kashiwa Reysol
Nakayama was born in Ibaraki, Japan. They made their official debut for Kashiwa Reysol in the J. League Division 1, AFC Champions League on 6 May 2015 against the Vietnam-based club Binh Duong F.C in Go Dau Stadium in Thu Dau Mot, Vietnam. They started and played the full match, receiving a yellow card in the 83rd minute. Nakayama and their club lost the match 1–0.
In 2017, Nakayama was named J.League Rookie of the Year.
PEC Zwolle
On 15 January 2019, Nakayama joined Eredivisie team PEC Zwolle on a three and half year deal. They made their debut for Zwolle on 31 March 2019, in a 3–0 home victory over FC Emmen. They scored their first goal in the Netherlands, on 17 January 2020, in a 3–3 draw against Utrecht.
Huddersfield Town
On 15 July 2022, following PEC Zwolle's relegation from the Eredivisie, Nakayama joined EFL Championship club Huddersfield Town on a two year deal. Nakayama scored their first goal in England in their third appearance for Huddersfield, a 3–1 victory over Stoke City on 13 August 2022.
For the 2022/23 Season, Yuta is sponsored by BPM Tech
International career
In May 2017, Nakayama was elected Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, they played full time in all four matches as center back.
They made their Japan national football team debut on 17 June 2019 in the 2019 Copa América game against Chile, as a starter.
Career statistics
Club
National team
Honors
Individual
J.League Rookie of the Year: 2017
References
External links
Profile at Kashiwa Reysol
1997 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Japan under-20 international footballers
Japan international footballers
J1 League players
J3 League players
Kashiwa Reysol players
PEC Zwolle players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Eredivisie players
J.League U-22 Selection players
2019 Copa América players
Japanese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in England
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in England
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Japan
English Football League players
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Minamiyama (written: 南山 lit. "south mountain") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese women's footballer
, Japanese basketball player
See also
南山 (disambiguation)
Japanese-language surnames
Dwayne Hill (born June 5, 1966) is a Canadian voice actor. In 2009, they were nominated for two Gemini awards, one in the solo category for Grossology, the other, which they won, was for best ensemble in Atomic Betty. Overall, they have voiced over 20 animated series, playing hundreds of voices as well as voicing over 100 commercials each year. One of their most recent roles is Cat in the PBS animated series Peg + Cat which was nominated for an Emmy Award among the best performances in animated series.
Career
Their biggest on-camera roles include playing Coach Carr in Mean Girls, The Safety of Objects which premiered at the 2001 Toronto International Film Festival, and The Truth About the Head, which won 3 awards at the 2003 Cannes film festival including the Kodak short film award. Dwayne has appeared in over 100 commercials, including the Bud Light spot "Mr. Silent Killer Gas Passer" for the Real Men of Genius campaign, which won a Gold Clio in Cannes. From 1997-2003, Hill played "Mr. Voiceman", the off-camera announcer on the YTV game show Uh Oh!.
Roles
Peg + Cat - Cat
Grojband - Buzz Newsworthy/Metrognome/Torbo/Gary
Babar and the Adventures of Badou - Heropotamus
Scaredy Squirrel - Hatton
Jimmy Two-Shoes - Samy
Yin Yang Yo! - Dave
Pandalian - Abby and Gold
Skatoony - Hoo the Gorillia/Colonel Zeppo
Atomic Betty - Minimus P.U./B-1/Spindly Tam Kanushu/Roger/Dodger
Franny's Feet - Joey the Canadian Dig Boy
Jacob Two-Two - Principal I.M. Greedyguts
Seven Little Monsters - Three
Marvin the Tap-Dancing Horse - Fast-Talking Jack
Maggie and the Ferocious Beast - Nedley
The Dumb Bunnies - Bill Uppity
Braceface Dr. Hertz
Total Drama Action/Total DramaRama - Josh
Stoked - Buster
Moville Mysteries - Coach Conkout
Willa's Wild Life - Inky the Penguin/Burt the Bear/Wallace the Walrus/Lou the Elephant/Dr. Fector/Mr. Tremble
The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature - Police Officer/Additional Voices
Norman Picklestripes - Norm
Mean Girls - Coach Carr
References
External links
http://www.metacafe.com/watch/746658/mr_silent_killer_gas_passer
1966 births
Living people
Canadian male video game actors
Canadian male voice actors
Game show announcers
People from Mississauga
21st-century Canadian male actors
20th-century Canadian male actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male film actors
Howard Frederick Haak (August 28, 1911 — February 22, 1999; ; rhymes with "take") was an American professional baseball scout for almost 50 years, from the end of World War II through their 1993 retirement.
Scouted Latin America and Caribbean
Although they spoke little Spanish, they became perhaps the best-known Major League Baseball scout of their era who worked in Latin America and the Caribbean, and signed "scores of players" during their career from Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Panama, Cuba, and the Virgin Islands — most of them for the Pittsburgh Pirates, for whom Haak worked for 38 years. Haak also played a key role in the Pirates' decision to select Roberto Clemente in the 1954 Rule 5 draft; the right fielder from Puerto Rico would go on to make 3,000 hits, win two World Series championships and the 1971 World Series MVP award, and earn an immediate place in the Baseball Hall of Fame upon their death in an airplane crash while on a humanitarian mission to Nicaragua.
Playing and early scouting career
Baseball Reference lists no playing record under Haak's entry, but according to their New York Times obituary and an interview with Tom Bird published in the February 1994 issue of Baseball Digest, Haak was a catcher in the extensive St. Louis Cardinals farm system during the 1930s. According to the Bird interview, a badly injured throwing arm ended Haak's playing career, but they were still in the game as traveling secretary of the Cards' Rochester Red Wings farm club at the close of the season when they answered the telephone in a deserted Red Wings' clubhouse. The caller was Cardinals' general manager Branch Rickey.
"He said, 'I need an outfielder right now for the big club. Is there anyone there who can help us?'" Haak recalled in 1994. "'Yeah,' I said, 'Musial, and take Kurowski and Dusak with him.'" Hall of Famer Stan Musial went on to set the National League record for hits (since broken by all-time hits leader Pete Rose), while Whitey Kurowski starred as a third baseman on St. Louis' 1940s dynasty and Erv Dusak had a creditable MLB career as an outfielder.
During the Second World War, Rickey left St. Louis to take over the Brooklyn Dodger organization, and when they expanded their scouting staff at the war's end in , they hired Haak as a full-time Brooklyn scout. In that capacity, Haak was one of several Dodger evaluators who scouted Jackie Robinson while they played in the Negro leagues. Robinson ultimately broke the baseball color line and went on to the Hall of Fame.
Clemente's success opened door
Haak followed Rickey to the Pirates at the close of the 1950 season. Four years later, after scouting the Triple-A International League, they recommended the drafting of Clemente (ironically, from Brooklyn), who had been "hidden" on the Montreal Royals roster during the season. The highly talented, 19-year-old Clemente was only given 148 at bats with Montreal because the Dodgers did not have room for them on their MLB roster and didn't want to expose them to rival scouts and the Rule 5 draft.
Clemente's success inspired Haak, and the Pirate front office, to take an aggressive role in scouting Latin America and the Caribbean. According to their obituary, Haak's signings included José DeLeón, Cecilio Guante, Al McBean, Román Mejías, Omar Moreno, Manny Sanguillén, and Rennie Stennett. Many of these players were crucial members of the Pirates' 1971 and 1979 world championship teams. "We thank God for him", Sanguillén was quoted as saying in Haak's Times obituary. "He's opened the door for us."
Haak was the first recipient of the Scout of the Year award in 1984 in recognition of their lifetime of achievement. They left Pittsburgh after the 1988 season, and spent the final five years of their scouting career working for the Houston Astros, retiring at the age of 82. They died five years later, aged 87, in Palm Springs, California.
Comments regarding fans, attendance and non-white players
Haak stunned baseball early in 1982, when they were quoted in the Associated Press as saying the Pirates' attendance woes were due to white fans being unattracted to a team with a high percentage of non-white players. Haak stated that "the people won't come out if you have too many blacks on a team, not if you have nine", and that the Pirates needed to recruit more whites for the team. The Pirates' owner, John Galbreath, described the quote as "very unfortunate", and denied that the statement reflected their beliefs or their son Dan's. The Pirates' third baseman, Bill Madlock, who was African-American, commented that Haak "told the truth...But it has been said before, so I can't understand why it is such a big thing."
References
1911 births
1999 deaths
Brooklyn Dodgers scouts
Houston Astros scouts
Major League Baseball scouts
Pittsburgh Pirates scouts
| tries = {{#expr:
+4 +2 +5 +1 +0 +2 +5 +5 +1 +1 +3 +8 +5 +6 +9
+3 +6 +1 +3 +11 +2 +0 +9 +9 +2 +5 +9 +9 +3 +6
+2 +9 +4 +6 +7 +8 +4 +5 +2 +3 +3 +7 +2 +4 +10
+4 +8 +5 +3 +10 +7 +8 +5 +8 +5 +7 +5 +7 +7 +7
+4 +7 +3
}}
| top point scorer =
| top try scorer =
| venue = Recreation Ground, Camborne
| attendance2 = 4,240
| champions = Cornish Pirates
| count = 1
| runner-up = Munster A
| website =
| previous year = 2008-09
| previous tournament = EDF Energy Trophy
| next year = 2010–11
| next tournament = 2010–11 British and Irish Cup
}}
The 2009–10 British and Irish Cup was the first season of the annual rugby union competition for second tier, semi-professional clubs from Britain and Ireland. First round matches began on Friday 20 November 2009 and the final was held on Sunday 16 May 2010.
The first competition was heavily criticised, with one reporter describing it as 'dismal'.
A total of 24 teams from England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales competed in the inaugural competition. Cornish Pirates lifted the cup, defeating Munster A 23–14 in the final.
Teams
The allocation of teams was as follows:
– 12 teams from the RFU Championship
– 3 Irish provinces represented by 'A' teams
– 3 Scottish sides, 2 top clubs from the Scottish Premiership and Gael Force, a side made up of a combination of National Academy players
– 6 top clubs from the Principality Premiership
Competition format
The teams were divided into four pools of six, playing over five weekends during the Autumn International and Six Nations windows. The four pool winners contested a knock-out stage, with semi-finals on 24 and 25 April and the final on 16 May.
Pool stages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Knock-out stages
Qualifiers
The four pool winners proceeded to the knock out stages.
Semi-finals
Final
Geography
References
External links
Unofficial British and Irish Cup website - the latest news, teams etc
Results from the BBC
British and Irish Cup
2009–10 rugby union tournaments for clubs
2009–10 RFU Championship
2009–10 in Irish rugby union
2009–10 in Welsh rugby union
2009–10 in Scottish rugby union
2009–10 in British rugby union
The Persian Consulate, a historic-cultural building located on Hanrapetutyun Street in the Kentron District, of Yerevan, Armenia.
History
According to architect Varazdat Harutyunyan, this part of the street belonged to Persia's Hadji Abbas Karbalayi Abdulhusein in the 1850s. The architect, Mikhail von der Nonne was German and state architect of Erivan Governorate. The Consulate operated until 1920.
Now the building has been rented out for about 25 years by Yerevan's City Council for 600 rubles a month. The Armenian division headquarters were here from 1922 to 1937. Later, the Armenian Relief Committee, which was headed by poet Hovhannes Tumanyan, worked in the building for three years. During the Soviet Union in 1924, the school worked in the evening for Communists. Then, for 18 years, the Armenian military prosecutor's office was there.
From 1964 to the present, the Armenian Historical Monuments Conservation Company is located here. Its founders are a painter and academician Martiros Saryan, architect Varazdat Harutyunyan and archeologist and historian Babken Arakelyan.
Structure
The building is one story high and is made of black tuff rocks. On the top, in the center, there is a large circular design and the upper arches of the window are covered with ornaments. The walls of the Iranian Consul's office were completely covered with frescoes. There is a mirrored prayer hall in the center of the room. There is a door to the left from the entrance, that has stairs that take you to the basement (this segment collapsed). Al. Tamanyan's son, Yuri Tamanyan, has been stationed in the building on their father's initiative. The story of the building's torch is interesting. The torch in the Consul's room was designed individually by Al. Tamanyan and ordered in Italy in 1927.
Renovation work was done and resulted in a parquet, chandelier, and heating system. It is also planned to upgrade outside the building and to repair other rooms.
Frescoes
Frescoes date back to the construction period. The style is Oriental, Persian and rich in Armenian motives, which were made by Armenian masters. A striking example of this is the crosscuts left in the frescoes. The frescoes of the entrance to the arch, also feature gnats, dogs, veins, that are widely used in Armenian miniature paintings.
Images and motifs on the upper part of the flower, skulls and birds are Persian.
During the renovation of the Consul's room, the frescoes were restored by a professional group of painters, who updated colors and completely renovated fragments.
Current status
In 2014, the Armenian Society for the Preservation of Historical Monuments reached an agreement on the joint use of the area with the Armenian office of the International Monument and Sightseeing Council (IMSS). The building was renovated by the initiative of the municipality and the Ministry of Culture.
It is envisaged to furnish a concierge room with stylish furniture, to make it into the exhibition hall, and to incorporate it into the list of Yerevan's tourist attractions.
External links
Video: Hidden Happiness, "Persian" Room on Hanrapetutyan Street, on YouTube with English subtitles
«Yerevan» Program 06.03. 2017
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWkq8vcyW9Y 1876 The Building is Ignored
Buildings and structures in Yerevan
Armenia–Iran relations
Onagrodes obscurata is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas.
References
Moths described in 1896
Eupitheciini
The 1987–88 FIBA Korać Cup season occurred between September 23, 1987, and March 9, 1988. The final was played by Real Madrid of Spain and Cibona of Yugoslavia.
First round
|}
Second round
|}
Round of 16
Semi finals
|}
Finals
|}
External links
1987–88 FIBA Korać Cup @ linguasport.com
1987–88 FIBA Korać Cup
1987–88
1987–88 in European basketball
Miloslav Luther (born 14 August 1945) is a Slovak film director and screenwriter. They were a member of the Federal board for broadcasting and retransmission of the Czechoslovak Federative Republic, a member of the Board of Slovak Television, vice-president of the Slovak Film and Television Academy and a pedagogue of directing at the Academy of Performing Arts in Bratislava.  They are the head of the board of the Slovak Audiovisual Fund as well as a member of the Slovak Film Institute board.
Selected filmography
A Step Into the Dark (2014)
Mosquitos' Tango (2009)
Escape to Buda (2002)
Angel of Mercy (1993)
Try to Embrace Me (1991)
Witness of the Dying Time (1990)
A Path Across the Danube (1989)
A bit Part (1988)
Mahuliena, The Golden Maid (1986)
Forget Mozart (1985)
King Blackbird (1984)
Old Beekeeper (1981)
A Triptych About Love (1980)
A Morning Under Moon (1979)
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Slovak film directors
Ronnie Liu Tian Khiew is a Malaysian politician. They have been the Member of Selangor State Legislative Assembly for Sungai Pelek since 2018. They were also the Member of Selangor EXCO for Local Government, Research and Development, and the Member of Selangor State Legislative Assembly for Pandamaran from 2008 to 2013.
Politics
They were a Member of the DAP Central Executive Committee and the International Secretary for DAP.
Controversies
Chin Peng as a Fighter for Independence
On 1 September 2005, in their blog in the official website of DAP, they had stated that Chin Peng, the leader of the Malayan Communist Party, is a Fighter of Independence for Malaya. This statement had offended many of the veteran soldiers, such as Kanang anak Langkau.
Obstructing operation of Subang Jaya City Council
On 3 November 2007, police in Puchong had started an investigation on them as they had obstructed officers of the Subang Jaya City Council to stop immoral activities in a hotel in Bandar Puchong Jaya. Assistant Commissioner, Zainal Rashid Abu Bakar had said that they were given 5 warnings but they still refused to cooperate.
Tee Boon Hock Incident
On 29 July 2010, The Star had exposed that Tee Boon Hock, a member of Klang Muncipal Council had used official letters to enable their cronies and family members to get contracts from the government. On 12 August 2010, the Speaker of Selangor State Legislative Assembly, Teng Chang Khim and them were called to the DAP Disciplinary Committee as Tee had said that they were instructed by Ronnie.
Removing BERSATU from PH
On 23 October 2019, they had criticised by-then Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamed that they had a different ideology with Pakatan Harapan. They also asked for another general election so that Pakatan Harapan can form a better federal government without BERSATU. The members of BERSATU had denounced them and Mohd Rafiq Naizamohideen had asked DAP to reconsider the alliance between DAP and BERSATU. DAP had stated that this is just a personal statement by Ronnie and the Disciplinary Committee had summoned them for questioning.
Insulting the King
On 21 October 2020, they had posted a picture of the 2020 Thai protest and captioned "They say no to the King". They deleted the post after someone had lodged a police report, but they still get investigated because of it.
Election result
References
Malaysian politicians
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Selangor State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian politicians of Chinese descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mario Chiesa can refer to:
Mario Chiesa (cyclist) (born 1966), an Italian cyclist
Mario Chiesa (politician) (born 1944), an Italian politician
Alberto Ghidoni (born 15 April 1962) is an Italian alpine ski coach and former alpine skier.
Career
They competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers of Centro Sportivo Carabinieri
Italian alpine skiing coaches
Miss International Germany (Miss Deutschland-International) is a national beauty pageant in under MGO (Komitee Miss Deutschland) in Germany to select an official candidate for the Miss International pageant.
History
Between 1960 and 1990 the Miss Germany runner-up or winner went to Miss International. In 1991, the MGA (Miss Germany Association, Bergheim near Cologne) of Detlef Tursies run a Miss Germany pageant for the first time. The winners participate in Miss Universe, Miss International, Miss Europe, and Miss Intercontinental pageant. In 1999, MGA transforms into MGO (Miss Germany Organisation). From 2000, they award the title Miss Deutschland, and change their name again: MGO - Komitee Miss Deutschland. Traditionally, the official winner will be competing at the Miss Universe pageant. In 2009, MGO lost the franchise of Miss Universe.
Titleholders
Color key
Before 2009 the runners-up of Miss Deutschland went to Miss International, in addition the winner sometimes competed at the pageant.
1991-1999 : MGA - Miss Germany Association GmbH (Bergheim near Cologne)
In 1999 Miss MGA replaced as MGO which held the official Miss Germany to Miss Universe, Miss International and Miss Europe.
1960-1990
See also
Miss Germany
Miss Universe Germany
Miss World Germany
Miss Earth Germany
References
Official website
Miss Deutschland
Beauty pageants in Germany
Recurring events established in 1991
1991 establishments in Germany
Germany
German awards
The 1962–63 Northern Football League season was the 66th in the history of Northern Football League, a football competition in England.
Clubs
Division One featured 16 clubs which competed in the league last season, no new clubs joined the league this season.
League table
References
Northern Football League seasons
1962–63 in English football leagues
Ypsolopha cajaliella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
James Frederick Shillaker (28 January 1870 – 20 July 1943) was a British Labour politician.
They were born in the City of London, and was the son of a police sergeant. They were educated at Taplow Grammar School and the City of London College, benefiting from an educational foundation established in the 17th century for children of the parish of St Sepulchre-without-Newgate.
In 1890 they were one of the founding members of the Fawcett Association, a trade union of post office sorters, and in 1892 they joined the Labour Party in Islington. They were subsequently to become one of the first councillors for the party on Acton Urban District Council.
They moved from the post office to the Ministry of Pensions, where they were deputy regional director of the northern region from 1919 - 1923. They also edited a "lonely hearts" column entitled Friends in Council in T. P.'s Weekly for fourteen years.
In 1929 they were chosen by the Labour Party to contest the parliamentary seat of Acton. They were successful in a three-cornered contest, unseating the sitting Conservative Member of Parliament, Sir Harry Brittain by 467 votes.
Two years later there was a further general election. This time it was a straight fight between Shillaker and their Conservative opponent H J Duggan. There was a large swing against Labour, and Duggan won the seat by a convincing majority of 12,272 votes.
Shillaker did not stand for election again. In July 1943 they died suddenly at the House of Commons while visiting Labour MP Frederick Pethick-Lawrence.
Personal life
In 1891 they married Carrie Heaton, and they had one son.
References
External links
1870 births
1943 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1929–1931
Collier Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1903 after Collier, Dr. Joseph.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
Mountains of Alberta
Mountains of British Columbia
References
Collier Peak
Collier Peak
Canadian Rockies
Haliangium is a genus of bacteria from the family of Kofleriaceae. Haliangium bacteria produce the antifungal compounds haliangicins.
References
Further reading
Myxococcota
Bacteria genera
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
100 metres hurdles
300 metres hurdles
2000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
"Cochise" is a song by American rock band Audioslave. It was released as the lead single from their self-titled debut studio album on September 25, 2002, through Epic Records. The band produced the song alongside Rick Rubin. The song reached number 69 on the Billboard Hot 100 as well as the top ten of both the Mainstream Rock and Alternative Songs charts.
Composition and lyrics
Musically, "Cochise" has been described as hard rock and alternative rock. Originally titled "Save Yourself" after a line in the song's chorus, the song is named after Cochise, an Apache Indian chief "who declared war on the Southeast and drove out thousands of settlers". Speaking about the eponymous subject, guitarist Tom Morello remarked that "Cochise the Avenger, fearless and resolute, attacked everything in their path with an unbridled fury", adding that the song "kinda sounds like that". Despite this, the song's lyrics are generally unrelated to Cochise, and instead feature a number of religious references.
Promotion and release
"Cochise" was originally made available for online streaming on LAUNCHcast from September 25, 2002. It was sent to radio stations on October 1, 2002. The track made its live debut as the opening song of the band's debut performance, in New York City for the Late Show with David Letterman on November 25, 2002, and was subsequently performed as the closing song at the majority of shows on the album's promotional concert tour.
The song was later featured on a number of external media releases, including as a playable track on the 2005 music video game Guitar Hero, on the 2006 comedy film Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, as a playable track on the Guitar Hero TV mode of 2015 music video game Guitar Hero Live, and in the trailer for 2015 wrestling video game WWE 2K16.
Music video
The music video for "Cochise" was directed by Mark Romanek and features an elaborate fireworks-based light show by special effects and lighting designer Andrew Elias. "Cochise" was filmed near the Sepulveda Dam in Los Angeles, California on September 25 and 26, 2002. The video begins with the band members arriving at a construction rig in a Chevrolet C/K pickup truck, symbolizing a band without a singer, while Chris Cornell waits alone atop the rig, symbolizing a singer without a band. The band members take the elevator to the top of the rig, where after joining Cornell, they play the song as a barrage of fireworks goes off behind them. After the song, the fireworks cease and the band members hug, signifying that a new band had been formed. Cornell left rehab in a car which drove them to the set to film the video. Due to the large number of pyrotechnics used in the video, local residents believed that the explosions were caused by terrorists; speaking about the filming process, Morello revealed that "The local police and news station literally received thousands of calls from people who thought the city was under siege ... All the freeways were blocked because they thought there was an attack occurring". The extreme use of pyrotechnics and fireworks in the shooting also marked "Cochise" as a very expensive music video.
A teaser trailer was released for the video in mid-October, before the full video was made available for digital download later in the month. It was later included on the band's first video album, Audioslave, released in July 2003. The video was nominated for Best Video at the 2003 Kerrang! Awards, and was included in the MTV2 Headbangers Ball "Best Metal Videos of the New Millennium" list in 2004.
Reception
Commercial
"Cochise" reached number 69 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, as well as number 2 on the Mainstream Rock chart, number 9 on the Alternative Songs chart, and number 68 on the Radio Songs chart. The single entered the UK Singles Chart at its peak position of number 24 on February 1, 2003, before dropping down to 41 and then 56. The song debuted at number 2 on the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart, remaining on the chart until mid-June. It also reached number 33 on the Italian Singles Chart.
Critical
Media response to "Cochise" was generally positive. BBC Music's Amy McAuliffe noted that the song "sets the tone for the rest of the album [with] heavy, powerful riffage over rumbling bass lines and thumping colossal drums", comparing its style to that of Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath. Blabbermouth.net's Don Kaye compared the style to Cornell's former band Soundgarden, highlighting the frontman's vocal performance and Morello's "meaty, straightforward" guitar riffs. Chris Heath of Dotmusic also praised the song's vocal and guitar performances, while Paul McNamee of the NME claimed that while the album was "overblown, overlong, piss-poor", lead single "Cochise" is "fierce and furious".
Chris Nettleton of Drowned in Sound praised many elements of the song, including Cornell's vocal performance and Morello's main guitar riff, but added that they wished the band "had chosen to break some new boundaries, instead of retreading an old town with new shoes". They also proposed that the song would have been better with political lyrics in the style of Rage Against the Machine, suggesting that "With those morons in the White House seeming out of control, politically incisive lyrics would have been just what the doctor ordered". Entertainment Weekly's David Browne, on the other hand, proposed that the "elliptical lyrics" to "Cochise" feature a "hint of social consciousness".
"Cochise" was nominated for the award for Best Single at the first annual Metal Hammer Golden God Awards in 2003.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
2002 songs
2002 debut singles
Audioslave songs
Songs written by Chris Cornell
Song recordings produced by Rick Rubin
Epic Records singles
Music videos directed by Mark Romanek
Liberty Hall is a 1914 British silent comedy film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Ben Webster, Edna Flugrath and O. B. Clarence. It is an adaptation of the 1892 play of the same title by R. C. Carton.
Cast
Ben Webster as Sir Hartley Chilworth
Edna Flugrath as Ann Chilworth
O. B. Clarence as Todman Crafer
Ranee Brooks as Blanche Chilworth
Douglas Munro as Briginshaw
Langhorn Burton as Gerald Haringay
Gwynne Herbert as Mrs. Crafer
Hubert Willis as Pedrick
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1914 films
1914 comedy films
British silent feature films
British comedy films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Harold M. Shaw
Films set in England
British black-and-white films
1910s English-language films
1910s British films
Silent comedy films
is a Japanese mountaineer and environmental activist. Their father was a diplomat, so they lived in the U.S., Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Japan. They were often bullied because they were half-Japanese. In 1999, at the age of 25, they became the youngest person (at that time) to scale the Seven Summits, the highest mountains on each of the seven continents. They graduated from Asia University in 2000, and studied environmental education at Aomori University. Since then, they have worked on various mountain clean-up projects around the world, including projects at Mount Everest, Mount Fuji and Manaslu. Their work has had a notable effect on efforts in Japan, where they have given many lectures to promote better environmental practices.
Biography
Early life
Ken Noguchi was born in Boston, Massachusetts on August 21, 1973. Their father was a diplomat, so their family moved quite often when they were young. They lived in the Middle East for some time, including Saudi Arabia and Egypt. They did not come home to Japan until they were 4 years old.
They attended Rikkyo School in England an independent boarding school affiliated with Rikkyo University in Japan. At the age of 15, they were suspended from school for one month due to a conflict with another student and was sent home to their parents in Japan. At their father's advice, they took this time to travel alone. While traveling, they read a book by world-renowned Japanese adventurer Naomi Uemura. Noguchi was inspired by Uemura to try mountain climbing, and ascended their first mountain, Mont Blanc in August 1989.
Ascending the Seven Summits
Noguchi began their quest to scale the highest mountains of each continent, the Seven Summits, in 1989. Their first came in December of that year, when they successfully ascended Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania.
They chose to continue their journey by following the Bass list of mountains in the Seven Summit group (the Messner list features Carstensz Pyramid instead of Kosciuszko). They ascended Kosciuszko in September, 1992. After scaling Vinson Massif in 1994, they became the youngest person to have climbed the highest mountains on five continents. They captured the title of the youngest person perform the feat on six continents with their ascent of Mount Elbrus in 1996. On May 13, 1999, they completed their journey by reaching the summit of Mount Everest.
The total time from Kilimanjaro to Everest was 9 years, 163 days. Upon completion, they were 25 years, 265 days old, the youngest at that time to complete all seven. Rhys Miles Jones of the United Kingdom holds the current title, having completed the seventh mountain on May 17, 2006, their 20th birthday. In honor of their accomplishment, Noguchi was selected for the Tokyo Citizens' Honorary Award for Culture in 1999. They detailed their journey in the book entitled , published by Shueisha International.
Environmental work
During Noguchi's Everest climb, they were surprised to find that the mountain was in desperate need of cleaning. In an interview, they remarked, "Before going, I always saw images of beautiful Everest on TV. I thought it would be like that. But once I got there, I found litter everywhere." After completing the climb, they organized a group of climbers to begin removing litter. The team succeeded in removing approximately 8 tons of garbage, including over 400 discarded oxygen containers. They returned to Everest in 2001 to continue cleaning the mountain and it was reported that 1.6 tons of litter was removed, including 84 empty oxygen containers.
Hoping to bring the effort to their homeland of Japan, they gave televised interviews to showcase the problems of Everest. They have expressed their feeling that governments should place a greater focus on environmental education, integrating it into standard curricula. Their goal was to inspire others to clean up Mount Fuji, which collects a large amount of trash as a major tourist attraction. They repeatedly referred to the state of the mountain as a "disgrace" of a national symbol. Continuing efforts are being made to remove litter and sewage from Mount Fuji. They talked about their ongoing environmental work in their second book, , published by Shueisha International in 2002.
In 2005, a project began with the goal of cleaning Manaslu, a mountain that has a long history of Japanese ascents. The project attracted the attention of former Japanese prime minister Ryutaro Hashimoto. They expressed their gratitude to Noguchi for working on Mount Fuji and their hope for a more environmentally conscious future.
Although their efforts have never been praised by their peers or relevant international organizations due to enormous amounts of funds they received for each of their project, they have been vocal about their right wing ideology in politics. In December 13, 2019, they criticized Greta Thunberg, a Nobel-prize candidate and environmental activist who has been chosen as Times 2019 Person of the Year, for getting on a train. They wrote, "Apparently, they are getting on the train. A person who says no to air flight should say no to cars. I thought there was no means of transportation other than a cab, if not a yacht."
See also
List of 20th-century summiters of Mount Everest
References
External links
Official website
Japanese mountain climbers
Summiters of the Seven Summits
Japanese summiters of Mount Everest
1973 births
Living people
People from Boston
Asia University (Japan) faculty
Vyacheslav Konstantinovich Tryasunov (; born June 24, 1985) is a Kazakhstani-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Barys Astana of the KHL.
Career
Vyacheslav Tryasunov began their career as an ice hockey player in the youth of engine Barnaul for whose second team they gave their debut in the Russian Hockey First League, the third-highest game class of the country in the season 2001/02. Then from 2003 they were used in the first team of the club in the Russian Major League. After they played league in 2005 with the Kazakhmys Satpaev from Kazakhstan Hockey Championship they still changed during the current playing time to the league competitor Sokol Krasnoyarsk. Afterwards three years followed with Metallurg Serov in Russian Major League. When this put in 2009 the game company, finally Tryasunov changed to Kazakhstan and joined to Beibarys Atyrau with which they became 2011 and 2012 Kazakhstan champions. In 2010 when they were a runner-up with the club, they were the best pass giver among the defensive players of the league. After five years in Atyrau they changed in 2014 for one to the Yertis Pavlodar with which they became a Kazakhstan champion once more. In 2015 they were obliged by the KHL team Barys Astana.
Achievements
2010 - Champion of Kazakhstan with Beibarys Atyrau.
2011 - Champion of Kazakhstan with Beibarys Atyrau.
2015 - Champion of Kazakhstan with the Yertis Pavlodar.
In 2015 promotion in the top division with the world championship of the division I, group A.
External links
1985 births
Living people
Barys Nur-Sultan players
Russian ice hockey defencemen
Kazakhstani ice hockey players
Kazakhmys Satpaev players
Sokol Krasnoyarsk players
Beibarys Atyrau players
Yertis Pavlodar players
KH Sanok players
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
People from Slavgorod
Sportspeople from Altai Krai
A gravitational soliton is a soliton solution of the Einstein field equation. It can be separated into two kinds, a soliton of the vacuum Einstein field equation generated by the Belinski-Zakharov transform, and a soliton of the Einstein–Maxwell equations generated by the Belinski-Zakharov-Alekseev transform.
References
General relativity
Nothing Natural is the 1986 debut novel by Jenny Diski, initially published in hardback through Simon & Schuster. It follows a young woman who enters into a sadomasochistic relationship with a charming and domineering man. The book, perceived as an S&M-book by the New Yorker, received some backlash upon its release, as critic Anthony Thwaite criticized it as being "the most revolting book I've ever read," and the feminist magazine Sisterwrite chose to ban Diski from publishing with them.
Synopsis
Rachel Kee is a depressed single mother who has been slowly withdrawing from the world around them She's still suffering from the lasting effects of a disastrous childhood where their father abandoned their family, pushing Rachel's mother further into madness and prompting Rachel's removal and placement in a foster home. When they meet Joshua, she's almost instantly drawn to him. The two begin to indulge in a sadomasochistic relationship where Joshua will appear for a rough session of sex and then disappear for months on end. Eventually Rachel begins to question the relationship, especially after reading about the kidnapping and rape of a young girl, complete with a composite sketch that greatly resembles Joshua.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews praised it as "an S-M novel with soul", calling it "effective, absorbing fiction". In contrast, The New York Times panned the novel as being "uninspired" and commented that the author "lectures rather than lets the reader experience. And they even fail to warm the cold bones of the central character, who ought to invite us to see in their desperation some of our own." The Washington Post heavily criticized the book, which they saw as a "sad day for feminism" due to the depiction of the relationship between Rachel and Joshua, and that they would "almost trade back Title IX and Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor if I could be sure that not one reader would come away from this book believing that women (not to mention feminists) really degrade themselves and each other the way the women of this novel do." Dr Doris McIlwain commented on the book's characters, stating that Diski uses the characters' "failure to show proper feelings, and certain unlikely continuances in courses of action" to highlight the monstrosity of the book's plot, where Joshua rapes a child.
Further reading
Nadal, Marita. Calv, Mónica. (2014) Trauma in Contemporary Literature: Narrative and Representation. Routledge Interdisciplinary Perspectives on Literature.
References
1986 British novels
BDSM literature
Novels about rape
English novels
1986 debut novels
Methuen Publishing books
Warsaw Chopin Airport railway station () is the railway station of the Warsaw Chopin Airport in Warsaw, Poland.
The station was built as part of a new Terminal 2 in 2008 but remained out of service until the rail link was completed in 2012. The cost of the link to Warszawa Służewiec was 230 million złoty. The station fully opened for service on 1 June 2012, when Szybka Kolej Miejska launched service to Sulejówek and . Following the reconstruction of the airport terminal in 2015 a passageway was built connecting it directly with the station.
Trains typically leave every 15 minutes. The journey to central Warsaw takes slightly over 20 minutes and falls under the integrated ticketing system of the Warsaw Transport Authority.
References
Chopin Airport
Airport railway stations
Włochy
Railway stations served by Szybka Kolej Miejska (Warsaw)
Railway stations served by Koleje Mazowieckie
Paul Oswald Zygowicz (February 29, 1920 – July 2, 2010), better known by their ring name of Steve Stanlee, was an American professional wrestler from the late 1940s through the 1960s. They were the younger brother of professional wrestler Gene Stanlee.
Career
Steve served with Gene in the U.S. Navy during World War II and entered the professional wrestling circuit after the war. From 1947 to 1948, Stanlee wrestled under the ring name Paul Stanlee for Georgia Championship Wrestling (gCW). They competed against such wrestlers as Tom Mahoney and Bobby Roberts, winning the majority of these matches. Like their brother Gene, Steve took the nickname "Mr. America" for their chiseled physique, bleached their hair blond, and wore dazzling sequined jackets to the ring. Gene and Steve did train together and had a couple of runs as a tag team, but the two generally stayed on separate career paths. Notably, Steve wrestled Lou Thesz for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship on October 27, 1950, two full years before their brother faced Thesz.
After their stint in Georgia, Stanlee competed in Toronto, Ontario. They worked as a jobber, putting over other wrestlers, such as Al Korman and Pat Flanagan. In the early 1950s, Stanlee wrestled in the Northeastern United States. Wrestling in New York and New Jersey, they received occasional pushes, challenging for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship on several occasions.
Stanlee then traveled to California, where they wrestled in the mid-1950s. They later returned to wrestle for Capitol Wrestling in the New York area in the late 1950s.
Steve didn't catch on with the public in the same way as Gene did, and as a result never attained the same level of fame. They did have a longer career in the ring, however, and may in fact be the better known brother among fans of 1960s wrestling. While Gene was out of wrestling by the early '60s, Steve remained active. They wrestled both as a singles competitor and as part of a tag team, "The Stanlee Steamers", with a kayfabe third "brother", Bob Stanlee (played by Bob Merrill). Unfortunately, Steve won few high-profile matches either way and is generally regarded to have been a "jobber to the stars" for much of their career. They did, however, win the National Wrestling Alliance's Ohio Heavyweight Championship on July 1, 1961 by defeating Frankie Talaber. They dropped the belt back to Talaber in a rematch later that year. Stanlee also helped train Buddy Bison, who wrestled for Georgia Championship Wrestling for several years.
From 1964 to 1966, Stanlee wrestled for the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF). They lost the majority of their matches, but they did get victories over Arnold Skaaland and "Baron" Mikel Scicluna in 1965. After leaving the WWWF, Stanlee wrestled in Hawaii, competing in both singles matches and in a tag team with Jim Hady. They then returned to Georgia Championship Wrestling, putting over the other talent in that promotion as well.
Late in life, Steve Stanlee appeared in an interview in the Icons Of Wrestling documentary series. They died in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin on July 2, 2010.
Championships and accomplishments
National Wrestling Alliance
NWA Ohio Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
References
External links
"Mr. America" Stanlee a showboating pioneer
Profile at Online World of Wrestling
1920 births
2010 deaths
American male professional wrestlers
Professional wrestling jobbers
20th-century professional wrestlers
Allegra Collins (born January 13, 1972) is an American attorney, educator and judge of the North Carolina Court of Appeals.
Collins attended the University of California at Los Angeles before transferring and earning an undergraduate degree from the College of William & Mary in 1994. They represented the United States in the Pan American Games on the United States women's national handball team. They earned their Juris Doctor degree from the Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law at Campbell University in 2006. They worked as a law clerk to Judge Linda Stephens of the North Carolina Court of Appeals from 2007 to 2010, as an appellate reporter for the North Carolina Supreme Court from 2011 to 2014, and in private practice from 2015 to 2018. They also taught law at the Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law.
In 2018, Collins was elected as a Democrat to an eight-year term on the North Carolina Court of Appeals (expiring 2026). They took office in January 2019.
 They are married to Wake County Superior Court Judge Bryan Collins.
References
External links
Collins for Court of Appeals campaign site
1972 births
College of William & Mary alumni
Living people
North Carolina Court of Appeals judges
American women judges
North Carolina Democrats
The Provo Downtown Historic District is a historic area located in Provo, Utah, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The district is composed of four blocks of Center Street (100 East to 300 West) and one and a half blocks of University Avenue. The NRHP listing included 43 contributing buildings. The majority of the buildings in this district were built between 1880 and 1930, however there were buildings constructed all the way through the seventies. Many of the buildings, particularly the older ones, required some fashion of remodeling. Within the district, twenty structures are considered architecturally or historically significant, and twenty one structures are considered contributory.
History
In the year 1849, a group of about 150 people arrived in and settled what is now the city of Provo. This group was sent by the president of the LDS church at the time, Brigham Young, for purposes of colonizing the area. The following year, the city was surveyed as a plot one square mile surrounded by several acres of land designated into eight lots. Brigham Young encouraged the settlers to build their homes and businesses in the proposed town site, and church leader George Albert Smith relocated to Provo to help encourage the city's development.
The first merchant of Provo, Andrew J. Stewart, owned and ran a store out of their home on 5th West. They eventually relocated their business to Center Street. By the end of 1852, two years after the arrival of the settlers, Provo had several operating businesses including a pottery, two grist mills, three cabinet shops, three shoe shops, one meat market, two lime kilns, one sash factory, one wooden bowl factory, two tailor's shops, two hotels, and two storehouses. The businesses dotted 5th West and Center Street.
Profits for merchants in Utah were fairly high during the 1860s. However, the farmers and LDS members who subsisted through agriculture did not receive much of a profit, if any, and began to resent the merchants for their success. Young instructed members to “Cease paying exorbitant prices demanded by disinterested persons...and hundreds of thousands of dollars may be saved annually by the saints". Young encouraged cooperative trading among the members of the church in order to ensure fair trade. The Provo West Co-op was the first cooperative store which was built, and it was built in the same building that Stewart operated and lived out of.
There was a large influx of buildings into Provo in the late 1860s. Many businesses came in and located along Center Street. These buildings were built primarily of wood or adobe. Commercial buildings that developed during this time included Provo's first kiln, W. Allen's brickyard, and the Provo West Co-op. The Liddiard Brothers, the sons of Samuel Giddiard, continued their father's cement business, contributing to many of the structures on Center Street. E. J. Ward and Sons, established in 1889, became a major competitor with the Beebe and Smooth Lumber Companies. The Provo Foundry and Machine company produced heat and plumbing still apparent in the town. The Taylor family established several successful businesses on the west side of the downtown, including the Taylor Furniture Company.
Tintic Mining industry
The successful commercial mining of precious metals and minerals transformed Utah's economy from basically an agrarian base to a more industrialized state. Within this development, the Tintic Mining District, located approximately thirty miles southwest of Provo, was founded in 1869 and by 1899 became the leading mining center in Utah with a value of output placed at $5 million. A central figure in Tintic's success was Jesse Knight and the Knight family who resided in Provo. Knight attained wealth with their Humbug mine in the mid-1890s. The large silver producer allowed Knight to develop other mines in the East Tintic area. Knightsville grew around the workings and became touted as the only saloon-free, prostitute-free, privately owned mining camp in the U.S. Their strict adherence to doctrines of the LDS church made the town one inhabited primarily by Mormons.
The Tintic mining effort had a large effect on Provo's commercial district. Jesse Knight, Charles E. Loose, and other entrepreneurs, made wealthy due to the mining industry, made Provo their home and set about to improving it. Loose spent their money buying up a large part of Provo's commercial property, such as the Loose Block. Knight established the Knight Block (bordering Center Street and University), in addition to the Knight Mansion.
Provo continued to grow. In 1883, construction began on a new LDS Tabernacle. In 1887, a chamber of commerce was organized. In 1889, the Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone Company developed and secured a twenty-year franchise. The Provo Lake Resort was also established on Utah Lake.
Update
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The district includes the Knight Block, which was already separately listed on the National Register.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Utah County, Utah
Provo East Central Historic District
References
2002. "Historic Provo" Provo City Landmarks Commission.
Mackay, Kathryn L. National Park Service. "National Register of Historic Places Inventory -- Nomination Form." May 1979.
Thorley-Warnick, Jill. National Park Service. "National Register of Historic Places Inventory -- Nomination Form." April 1984.
External links
NRHP Listings in Provo Utah
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah
Tourist attractions in Provo, Utah
National Register of Historic Places in Provo, Utah
Georg Reinholdt Wankel (12 January 1843 – 1 February 1907) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
They were born in Moss as the son of German-born engineer Ignatz Wankel (1806–1881) and their wife Karen Bolette Sandberg (1815–1898). In June 1869 they married Charlotte Sophie Rosenkilde from Stavanger. They died already in March 1870. In 1882 Wankel married Sigrid Ring, daughter of Jens Ring and granddaughter of Paul Vinsnes. They had several children. Among them were the acclaimed cubist painter Charlotte Wankel.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing the constituency of Smaalenenes Amt. They worked as a farmer there. They served only one term.
References
1843 births
1907 deaths
Members of the Storting
Østfold politicians
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
People from Moss, Norway
Norwegian people of German descent
Maksim Gorkiy class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after the first ship in the class Maksim Gorkiy.
Four-deck cruise ships built in Austria, 1974.
River cruise ships of the Austrian project Q-040
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rossiya class (project 785) motorship
Rossiya class (project 1877) motorship
Anton Chekhov class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich class motorship
Rodina class motorship
Baykal class motorship
Dmitriy Furmanov class motorship
Sergey Yesenin class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov class motorship
Dunay class motorship
References
External links
Тип Максим Горький, проект Q-040
Project Q-040
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Austria–Soviet Union relations
Maxim Gorky
John Diercks (1927 – April 2020) was an American composer born in Montclair, New Jersey, in 1927. They held degrees from Oberlin College, the Eastman School, and the University of Rochester (PhD). Their composition teachers included Howard Hanson and Alan Hovhaness. For Asian music and dance they studied with Dorothy Kahananui and Halla Huhm.
Dr. Diercks taught piano at the College of Wooster (1950–54), then began a long tenure at Hollins University, teaching theory and composition. They served as department chair from 1962 until 1990.
Among many grants and awards they have received are those from the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Mellon and Danforth foundations (five times), the Southern Foundation for the Humanities, and ASCAP (fifteen times). As a composer they have enjoyed residence at the MacDowell Colony, Wolf Trap Farm, and the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts.
Much of Diercks' music is influenced by exoticism, including microtonality and “unconventional” musical sounds. An early work, Cave Music for vocalise and three players on prepared piano, accompanied a dance performed in Virginia's Dixie Caverns and broadcast on NBC-TV's Today Show.
Their Twelve Sonatinas, performed by pianist Marthanne Verbit, are in the catalog of Albany Records. In 2009 The Guild of Carillonneurs in North America published their Fugue in C (for Elizabeth Graves Vitu) and Fantasia (commissioned by the University of Iowa-Ames).
Over 125 of Diercks' music has been published, for piano, voice, choral, chamber ensemble, and carillon. They have written more than two hundred reviews and articles in newspapers and journals, and authored two chapters published in the Denes Agay book "Teaching Piano".
Diercks lived in Honolulu, and served as president of the Hawaii Music Teachers Association from 1992-96. Since then they have composed/arranged extensively for the Oahu Piano Quartet, and continued to compose for the carillon.
John Diercks died in April 2020 at ninety-two years old.
Compositions
Clap your hands! for voices and keyboard
Concertino for piano and woodwind quintet
Divertimento for woodwind quintet
Dove of Peace, early American hymn-settings for unison voices with organ and handbells
An Easter Triptych, three pieces for carillon
Figures on China for horn, trombone, and tuba
Kongai: The Soul of the Great Bell for carillon
Moonspell for flute and piano
Of Mountain and Valley (for the Roanoke Symphony)
Prelude to Manvantara for carillon
Sonata for oboe and piano
Suite for flute and piano
Suite for Strings for string orchestra
Suite No. 1 for piano duet
Suite No. 2 for orchestra
Theme and Variations for piano
Three Diversions for flute (alto recorder) and piano (or harpsichord)
Toward the Summer Land for two pianos
Twelve Sonatinas for piano
Variations on a Flower Drum Song for two prepared pianos
Variations on a theme of Gottschalk for tuba and piano
Vienna: For a Time and Place for two pianos
The Warriorʻs Ghost Returns to Play their Lute (Jeanne Larsen) for baritone and string quartet
Woodwind Quintet
References
External links
John Diercks page
1927 births
2020 deaths
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century classical composers
21st-century American composers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century classical composers
American classical composers
American male classical composers
Composers for carillon
Oberlin College alumni
People from Honolulu
Pupils of Bernard Rogers
University of Rochester alumni
Hiram Pratt (June 28, 1800 – April 27, 1840) was an American politician and mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving 1835–1836 and 1839–1840.
Early life
Pratt was born in Westminster, Vermont on June 28, 1800, and moved to Buffalo as a child with their family. They were a son of Captain Samuel Pratt, an early settler of Buffalo. They married Maria Fowler on December 10, 1825. They had three daughters.
Career
With Orlando Allen, Pratt built a mercantile business, a warehouse and forwarding business, and was an agent for the Farmers Fire Insurance and Loan Company. A founder, cashier, and president of the first Bank of Buffalo, they were a leading Great Lakes shipbuilder; and a Trustee of the village of Buffalo.
On March 10, 1835, the Buffalo Common Council appointed Pratt as Mayor of the city. During their first term the city purchased land for the Elk Street Market. On March 5, 1839, they were elected for a second term. During this term six new school buildings were erected and competent teachers hired and a Recorder's Court was created. In January 1840, the New York State legislature passed a law requiring all mayors in New York to be elected directly by the people, making them the last mayor elected by the Common Council.
During the financial depression of 1836–1838, Pratt lost their entire estate largely to forged notes and the speculative projects undertaken by Benjamin Rathbun. They never fully recovered from the emotional strain.
Death
Pratt died in Utica, New York on April 27, 1840, en route to Saratoga, New York for rest. Their body was returned to Buffalo and they are interred at Forest Lawn Cemetery. Buffalo's Prospect Park stands on property once owned by Pratt.
References
External links
1800 births
1840 deaths
People from Westminster (town), Vermont
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery (Buffalo)
New York (state) Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Pulpudeva Glacier (, ) is the long and wide glacier in Sullivan Heights, Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is draining the area northeast of Nebeska Peak, north of Johnson Col and northwest of Mount Farrell, flowing northwards west of Mount Levack, and (together with Crosswell and Patton Glaciers) joining Ellen Glacier northwest of Mamarchev Peak and southeast of Mount Jumper.
The glacier is named after the ancient Thracian town of Pulpudeva in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Pulpudeva Glacier is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
References
Pulpudeva Glacier - SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Pulpudeva Glacier. Copernix satellite image
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Karl Becker (2 October 182320 June 1896) was a German statistician.
Biography
Becker was born in , in what is now Stadland. In 1842 they received a commission in the army, and was also an instructor in the Oldenburg Military Academy. They fought in the First Schleswig War against Denmark, and rose to be a captain. In 1855, they organized the statistical bureau of Oldenburg, of which they were director until 1872. They edited Statistische Nachrichten über das Grossherzogthum Oldenburg (Statistical reports for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg; 1857–72). They then became director of the statistical office of the German Empire, where they remained until their death in Berlin. In this capacity, they edited the Monatsheft zur Statistik des Deutschen Reichs (Statistical Monthly for the German Empire) and the Statistischen Jahrbuches (Statistical Yearbook). Their writings include Zur Berechnung von Sterbetafeln an die Bevölkerungstatistik zu stellende Anforderungen (1874).
References
1823 births
1896 deaths
German statisticians
Rawlinson Range is a mountain range in north-eastern Papua New Guinea.
The range was named after Sir Henry Rawlinson president of the Royal Geographical Society from 1874 to 1875.
References
Mountain ranges of Papua New Guinea
Taesin station is a railway station in Taesin-dong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened sometime after 1988 along with the rest of the Kŭmgol–Muhak section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
United States Capitol shooting may refer to:
1954 United States Capitol shooting
1998 United States Capitol shooting
Shooting of Miriam Carey (2013)
2017 Congressional baseball shooting
Shooting of Ashli Babbitt (2021)
Sedona is a city that straddles the county line between Coconino and Yavapai counties in the northern Verde Valley region of the U.S. state of Arizona. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,031. It is within the Coconino National Forest.
Sedona's main attraction is its array of red sandstone formations. The formations appear to glow in brilliant orange and red when illuminated by the rising or setting sun. The red rocks form a popular backdrop for many activities, ranging from spiritual pursuits to the hundreds of hiking and mountain biking trails. Sedona is also the home to the nationally recognized McDonald's with turquoise arches, instead of the traditional Golden Arches.
Sedona was named after Sedona Arabella Miller Schnebly (1877–1950), the wife of Theodore Carlton Schnebly, the city's first postmaster. They were celebrated for their hospitality and industriousness. Them mother, Amanda Miller, claimed to have made the name up because "it sounded pretty".
History
Anglo-American settlement
The first Anglo settler, John J. Thompson, moved to Oak Creek Canyon in 1876, an area well known for its peach and apple orchards. The early settlers were farmers and ranchers. In 1902, when the Sedona post office was established, there were 55 residents. In the mid-1950s, the first telephone directory listed 155 names. Some parts of the Sedona area were not electrified until the 1960s.
Sedona began to develop as a tourist destination, vacation-home and retirement center in the 1950s. Most of the development seen today was constructed in the 1980s and 1990s. As of 2007, there are no large tracts of undeveloped land remaining.
Important early settlers included the Steele family, originally of Scotland.
Chapel of the Holy Cross
In 1956, construction of the Chapel of the Holy Cross was completed. The chapel rises out of a redrock cliff. The most prominent feature of the chapel is the cross. Later a chapel was added. Inside the chapel there is a window and a cross with benches and pews.
Cinematic legacy
Sedona played host to more than sixty Hollywood productions from the first years of movies into the 1970s. Stretching as far back as 1923, Sedona's red rocks were a fixture in major Hollywood productionsincluding films such as Angel and the Badman, Desert Fury, Blood on the Moon, Johnny Guitar, The Last Wagon, and 3:10 to Yuma. However, the surroundings typically were identified to audiences as the terrain of Texas, California, Nevada, and even Canada–US border territory. The town lent its name to the 2011 film Sedona, which is set in the community.
Brins Fire
On June 18, 2006, a wildfire, reportedly started by campers, began about one mile (1.61 km) north of Sedona. The Brins Fire covered on Brins Mesa, Wilson Mountain and in Oak Creek Canyon before the USDA Forest Service declared it 100 percent contained on June 28. Containment cost was estimated at $6.4 million.
Slide Fire
On May 20, 2014, a wildfire started from an unknown cause began north of Sedona at Slide Rock State Park. The Slide Fire spread across 21,227 acres in Oak Creek Canyon over nine days and prompted evacuations. State Route 89A opened to Flagstaff in June, but all parking and canyon access was closed to the public until October 1, 2014.
Geography
Sedona is located in the interior chaparral, semi-desert grassland, Great Basin conifer woodland biomes of northern Arizona. Sedona has mild winters and warm summers.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which , or 0.22%, is water.
Flora
Sedona interior chaparral has many shrubs and small tree species of Quercus turbinella and Rhus ovata and a large population of Quercus palmeri. The Great Basin woodland has many small to medium trees of Pinus monophylla Var. fallax, Juniperus arizonica, Juniperus deppeana, Juniperus osteosperma, and Juniperus monosperma and a large population of Cupressus glabra. At higher elevations in Oak Creek Canyon Juniperus virginiana, Pinus edulis and other pines occur.
Geology
The red rocks of Sedona are formed by a unique layer of rock known as the Schnebly Hill Formation. The Schnebly Hill Formation is a thick layer of red to orange-colored sandstone found only in the Sedona vicinity. The sandstone, a member of the Supai Group, was deposited during the Permian Period.
Climate
Sedona has a temperate semi-arid climate. In January, the average high temperature is 57 °F (14 °C) with a low of 31 °F (−1 °C). In July, the average high temperature is 97 °F (34 °C) with a low of 64 °F (17 °C). Annual precipitation is just over .
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,192 people, 4,928 households, and 2,863 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 5,684 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% White, 0.5% Black or African American, 0.5% Native American, 0.9% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 4.3% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. 8.9% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
At the 2000 census there were 7,229 people living in the Yavapai County (western) portion of the city (70.9% of its population) and 2,963 living in the Coconino County (eastern) portion (29.1%). By land area Yavapai had 66.2% of its area, versus 33.8% for Coconino.
There were 4,928 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were married couples living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.52.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.7% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $44,042, and the median income for a family was $52,659. Males had a median income of $32,067 versus $24,453 for females. The per capita income for the city was $31,350. About 4.7% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.
Arts and culture
The Sedona area hosts numerous events annually, including:
St. Patrick's Parade, Celebration of Spring, Sedona Food Truck Festival, Red Dirt Concerts, Pumpkin Splash, and WagFest and Fair are just a few of the community events offered by the local Parks and Recreation Department.
Sedona Marathon
The Sedona Miracle Annual Charity Fundraiser
Sedona Bluegrass Festival (2007–2014)
Sedona Hummingbird Festival (2012–present);
The Sedona Solstice Festivals (Summer and Winter) at Unity of Sedona (2012–present)
Sedona hosts several notable arts organizations in Northern Arizona:
Chamber Music Sedona sponsors a chamber-music program annually from October to May. The 2012–2013 season marked the 30th anniversary for the organization.
The Sedona Arts Center, founded in 1958, is the oldest arts center in northern Arizona.
Sedona International Film Festival & Workshop was established in 1995. The week-long annual festival takes place in late February and early March at Harkins Theatres, while supplemental events take place at area resorts and restaurants. The festival also hosts monthly events, and they sponsor the MET: Live in HD opera broadcasts in Sedona.
NORAZ Poets, extant from 2003 to 2007, was a nonprofit poetry network based in Sedona.
Greg Lawson Galleries, a popular local art gallery in Sedona.
A specialized New Age tourist industry operates in Sedona, where José Arguelles organized the "Harmonic Convergence" in 1987. Some New Age proponents purport that "spiritual vortices" are concentrated in the Sedona area at Bell Rock, Airport Mesa, Cathedral Rock, and Boynton Canyon.
Government
Politically, Uptown Sedona, the Gallery District and the Chapel area (all in Coconino County) and West Sedona (in Yavapai County) form the City of Sedona. Founded in 1902, it was incorporated as a city in 1988. The unincorporated Village of Oak Creek, to the south and well outside the Sedona city limits, is a significant part of the Sedona community.
In 2013, Sedona became one of the Arizona municipalities to approve of civil unions for same-sex partners.
Education
Sedona is served by the Sedona-Oak Creek Unified School District.
West Sedona School, serving grades K–6, is located at 570 Posse Ground Road.
Red Rock Early Learning Center is a year-round Preschool program designed for children aged 3–5 years old. Their normal school year runs from August to May each year, with a summer session offered during June and July. It is licensed by the ADHS, and located in West Sedona Elementary School building 300.
Verde Valley School, a boarding International Baccalaureate high school with many international students, is located between the Village of Oak Creek and Red Rock Crossing. It hosts numerous 'traditions' and performances open to the community. Their mascot is the coyote. Total attendance measures about 120 students per year, grades 9–12. Oscar-winning composer James Horner studied there (Titanic, Braveheart, Avatar, Legends of The Fall).
Sedona Red Rock High School (SRRHS), built in 1994, is located on the western edge of town in West Sedona. The school's mascot is the Scorpion. The high school's new campus, a series of single-story buildings, is located opposite the Sedona campus of Yavapai College. As of 2016, Sedona Red Rock High School holds grades 7–8 in the Junior High portion of campus.
Sedona Charter School (SCS) is located behind the Sedona Public Library, serving as a Montessori-based school for grades K–8.
Yavapai College's Sedona Center for Arts & Technology includes the Sedona Film School, which offers certificates in independent filmmaking, the Business Partnership Program, the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute, and the University of Arizona Mini Med School.
The University of Sedona is an unaccredited institution providing ministerial training and education in metaphysics.
Infrastructure
Transportation
Sedona Airport is a non-towered general aviation airport located within the city limits. The nearest commercial airports are Flagstaff Pulliam Airport ( away), Prescott Regional Airport ( away), Grand Canyon National Park Airport ( away), and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport ( away).
Healthcare
Verde Valley Medical Center – Sedona Campus is an outpatient facility providing 24/7 emergency services, cancer services, and primary and specialty healthcare to the Sedona/Oak Creek area. The facility is part of the Northern Arizona Healthcare system and is a subdivision of Verde Valley Medical Center in the nearby city of Cottonwood.
Cemeteries
Sedona's oldest burial ground is the Schuerman–Red Rock Cemetery, dating from 1893. Another pioneer cemetery is the Cooks Cedar Gate Cemetery, with an initial burial in 1918. The Sedona Community Cemetery, also known as Sedona Memorial Park, is on Pine Drive.
Notable people
Robert Adams – American Advaita teacher
Samaire Armstrong – actor
Michelle Branch – singer/songwriter
Brandon Decker - singer/songwriter based in Sedona
Gail Edwards – actor
Justin Frankel – computer programmer
Kevin Geary – English portrait and abstract artist
Steve George – musician/songwriter (Mr. Mister)
James Gregory – television actor
James Horner – film composer (studied at the Verde Valley School in the 1970s)
Sagan Lewis – actor, former program director of the Sedona International Film Festival
Drunvalo Melchizedek – New Age author born Bernard Donald Perona
Tom O'Halleran – U. S. representative
In popular culture
In 1982 singer Donna Loren released the song "Sedona" on their own label, Royalty Records. The song was written by Loren while living in Sedona. James Burton produced the song with Loren, played guitar, and assembled other members of the Elvis Presley TCB Band: Ronnie Tutt (drums), Jerry Scheff (bass), and Glen D. Hardin (piano). Chris Hillman played mandolin. It was Loren's first recording since 1967, and subsequently appeared on their compilation, Magic: The 80's Collection.
Esteban released a song titled "Sedona Sunrise".
Aerosmith released a song titled "Sedona Sunrise", which appears on the best-of collection Devil's Got a New Disguise: The Very Best of Aerosmith.
The Pixies released a song titled "Havalina" after the species of peccary (wild boar) native to the area. The song appears on their 1990 album Bossanova and mentions Sedona as the setting. The song has been covered by They Might Be Giants for the Pixies tribute album Dig for Fire: A Tribute to the Pixies.
A film titled Sedona was released in 2012. It was the first feature film to be shot entirely in Sedona since the 1970s when the heyday of Hollywood filmmaking in the area ended. The cast includes Frances Fisher, Seth Peterson, Barry Corbin, Christopher Atkins, Lin Shaye and Beth Grant.
The racing video games Forza Motorsport 3 and Forza Motorsport 4 feature the fictional track "Sedona Raceway Park".
In 2015, indie rock band Houndmouth released a single titled "Sedona" off their album Little Neon Limelight. The song makes reference to one of the first big movies filmed there, Stagecoach, and to John Ford, its director. With the lyrics "Hey Little Hollywood, you're gone but you're not forgotten" in the chorus, the song chronicles the ultimate demise of the movie-making industry in Sedona.
George Strait mentions Sedona in their 2019 Honky Tonk Time Machine album on the song "Blue Water".
In 2020, indie rock band Sir Chloe released “Sedona” on their album Party Favors.
See also
Mogollon Rim
Notes
External links
1902 establishments in Arizona Territory
Cities in Arizona
Cities in Coconino County, Arizona
Cities in Yavapai County, Arizona
Populated places of the Mogollon Rim
Populated places established in 1902
The Maduru Oya Dam is an irrigation dam built across the Maduru Oya. The embankment dam measures in length, in height, and creates the Maduru Oya Reservoir. The reservoir has a catchment area of and a storage capacity of The proposed Maduru Oya Solar Power Station is to be built over the surface of the Maduru Oya reservoir.
See also
Maduru Oya National Park
References
External links
Dams in Sri Lanka
Embankment dams
The lesser Antillean tanager (Stilpnia cucullata) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Grenada and Saint Vincent.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
External links
Stamps (for Grenada-(2), "Grenada of the Grenadines", Saint Vincent and the Grenadines)
Stilpnia
Birds of the Lesser Antilles
Birds described in 1834
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Palasport Giacomo Del Mauro is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Avellino, Italy. The seating capacity of the arena for basketball games is 5,300 people. The arena is primarily used to host home basketball games of the Air Avellino professional basketball team, of the Italian League.
History
Palasport Giacomo Del Mauro originally had a 3,600 seating capacity. It was expanded to a 5,300 seating capacity in 2008, specifically in order to meet the minimum capacity requirements for EuroLeague games, which require an arena of at least 5,000 seats. In 2008, the arena's usage rights were also entrusted to Air Avellino, for a period of ten years.
In addition to the arena being used for the home basketball games of Air Avellino, the main volleyball team of Avellino, Volley Avellino, also uses it as their home arena.
See also
List of indoor arenas in Italy
References
External links
Air Avellino Site Info
Avellino
Basketball venues in Italy
Buildings and structures in the Province of Avellino
Indoor arenas in Italy
Sports venues in Campania
Volleyball venues in Italy
Sindŏk station is a railway station in Sindŏng-ri, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened sometime after 1988 along with the rest of the Kŭmgol–Muhak section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Rahim AlHaj (, born c. 1968) is an Iraqi American oud musician and composer.
Early life
AlHaj was born in Baghdad, Iraq and began playing the oud (an Arabic lute) at age nine. Early on, it was evident that they had a remarkable talent for playing the oud.
Education
AlHaj studied under the renowned Munir Bashir, considered by many to be the greatest oud player ever, and Salim Abdul Kareem, at the Institute of Music in Baghdad, Iraq. AlHaj won various awards at the conservatory and graduated in 1990 with a diploma in composition. They also hold a degree in Arabic literature from Mustansiriya University in Baghdad.
Emigration
In 1991, after the first Gulf War, AlHaj was forced to leave Iraq due to their political activism against the Saddam Hussein regime and began their life in Jordan and Syria. They moved to the U.S. in 2000 as a political refugee and has resided in Albuquerque, New Mexico, ever since. They became a U.S. citizen on August 16, 2008.
Career
AlHaj has performed all over the world, on tour with Munir Bashir, their teacher, as well as solo and with their string quartet project, including numerous concerts in Lebanon, Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Morocco, Tunisia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Egypt, and France and hundreds of concerts in the United States.
AlHaj has released several recordings. The Second Baghdad, released in 2002, and Iraqi Music in a Time of War, released in 2003, were both produced by VoxLox record label. Their East meets West CD entitled Friendship (Rahim AlHaj, Oud & Sadaqa Quartet) was released in December 2005 by Fast Horse Recordings. Theirs When the Soul is Settled: Music of Iraq, produced by Smithsonian Folkways, was released in June 2006, and nominated for a 2008 Grammy Award. An oud and sarod CD with Amjad Ali Khan will be released later in the year.
AlHaj's music delicately combines traditional Iraqi maqams with contemporary styling and influence. Their compositions are about the experience of exile from their homeland and of new beginnings in their adopted country.  They are one of the true oud masters from Iraq. AlHaj says that "my music invites the listener to discover the true spirit of the musician." Their compositions are about loss, hope, freedom, and longing. Their songs establish new concepts without altering the foundation of the traditional Iraqi School of oud based in Baghdad.
AlHaj wrote and performed the music for the award-winning short documentary, The Rest of My Life: Stories of Trauma Survivors.
Awards
2015: Recipient of a National Heritage Fellowship awarded by the National Endowment for the Arts
2010: Grammy nomination for Best Traditional World Music Album
2009: United States Artists Fellow Award in Music
2008: Grammy nomination for Best Traditional World Music Album
2003: Winner of the Bravo Award for Excellence in Music
2001: Award from Veterans for Peace for work towards peace
1988: Music Institute Award for Composition
See also
Music of Iraq
References
External links
Rahim AlHaj's Music at ListeningLounge
Kennedy Center performance on June 6, 2006
Rahim Alhaj "featured artist profile" on Smithsonian Folkways
Interviews
Rahim AlHaj interview from Weekend America radio program, May 15, 2008
1968 births
Living people
American male composers
American oud players
Iraqi composers
Iraqi emigrants to the United States
Iraqi oud players
Musicians from Baghdad
Musicians from Albuquerque, New Mexico
Al-Mustansiriya University alumni
National Heritage Fellowship winners
The Haarlem Baseball Week (, before 2016 known as ) is an international invitation baseball tournament at the in Haarlem, Netherlands. It was first held in and has been held every other year in even-numbered years since .
In December 2016, a few months after the 28th edition of the event, the organisation of the tournament announced that this had been the last edition and that there would be no new editions due to financial problems. A workgroup was formed to find sponsors in order to realise a relaunch, which succeeded after several companies and the municipality of Haarlem guaranteed an amount that would cover the costs of at least three new editions.
The 2018 Haarlem Baseball Week, the 29th edition of the event, was won by Japan, their fourth title. The 2020 edition of the tournament was cancelled as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Results
Medal table
Tournament awards
Homerun King
Most Popular Player
Press Award
Best Defensive Player
Best Hitter
Best Pitcher
Most Valuable Player
See also
World Port Tournament
Baseball awards#World
Baseball in the Netherlands
References
External links
Honkbalweek Haarlem official website (Dutch)
Honkbalweek Haarlem official website (English)
Haarlem
Recurring sporting events established in 1961
Pancrate is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fabrice Pancrate (born 1980), French footballer
Ludovic Pancrate (born 1987), French footballer
The University of Lethbridge Students' Union (ULSU) is a non-profit organization representing interests of undergraduate students studying at the University of Lethbridge.
With approximately 7800 students on the main Lethbridge campus and 500 students in the Calgary campus, the ULSU administers student affairs, including advocacy, committee representation, student services, and events.
Authority
The ULSU is not a university department; it is an independent organization, established in 1967 by the Lieutenant Governor in Council, of Alberta. It reports to the provincial government rather than university administration.
The ULSU receives authority to conduct business through the Post-Secondary Learning Act of Alberta(PSLA). The Act establishes all student associations in Alberta as a corporation, whose members are the students of the public post-secondary institution.
The PSLA allows student associations to administer student affairs, promote general student welfare, create governing documents, acquire property, and maintain the organization through the levy of mandatory fees.
Representation
Federally, the University of Lethbridge Students' Union participates in the Canadian Alliance of Students Associations, and provincially, they are a member of the Council of Alberta University Students. Council members sit on the Social Housing and Action Committee and the Plan-Your-City Advisory Committee through the City of Lethbridge. Councils in the past have held seats on other municipal committees. Council members sit on numerous committees within the University of Lethbridge itself as well.
See also
List of Alberta students' associations
University of Lethbridge
Lethbridge
References
External links
University of Lethbridge website
Calgary Management Students' Society
Post-Secondary Learning Act of Alberta
University of Lethbridge Institutional Analysis
Alberta students' associations
Students' Union
Educational organizations based in Alberta
Organizations established in 1967
1967 establishments in Alberta
Percy Allen may refer to:
Percival Allen (1917–2008), British geologist
Percy Allen (footballer) (1895–1969), English football player
Percy Allen (writer) (1875–1959), drama critic and writer on Shakespeare
Percy Allen (politician) (1913–1992), New Zealand politician
Percy Stafford Allen (1869–1933), British classical scholar
Percy Allen (ice hockey), in 1938 World Ice Hockey Championships
See also
Percy Allan (1861–1930), Australian civil engineer
Allen (surname)
Edward Kevin McGrady (3 June 1935 – 11 November 2013) was an Irish nationalist politician of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP), who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for South Down from 1987 to 2010.
McGrady was also a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for South Down from 1998 to 2003.
Early life
Born in Downpatrick, County Down, Northern Ireland, one of eleven children, McGrady was educated at St Patrick's Grammar School, Downpatrick and at Belfast Technical College, where they trained as a chartered accountant, subsequently entering their family's accountancy firm.
Political career
McGrady entered politics in 1961 as an Independent Nationalist councillor on Downpatrick Urban Council, serving as chairperson from 1964 until the council was replaced by Down District Council in 1973.
In the late 1960s they joined the National Democrats and stood for the party in the 1969 election to the Parliament of Northern Ireland in East Down, losing to the sitting MP and future Prime Minister of Northern Ireland Brian Faulkner.
In 1970 they became a founder member of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP), later serving as its first chairperson (from 1971–1973). They sat on Down District Council from 1973 to 1989, serving as chairperson from 1974–1975 and was also elected to all three regional assemblies in 1973, 1975 and 1982 representing South Down. In the 1973 power-sharing executive they were appointed as Head of the Department of Executive Planning and Co-ordination, serving from January to May 1974.
In Westminster elections they contested South Down unsuccessfully in 1979, 1983 and at the by-election of January 1986, losing on each occasion to Enoch Powell, the sitting MP. They succeeded at the fourth attempt in the general election of 1987 and held the seat until retiring in 2010. Their tenure was briefly threatened in the mid-1990s when the Boundary Commission suggested merging much of their constituency with the neighbouring Newry and Armagh constituency to form a new 'Newry and Mourne' constituency. This was overturned during a local review, which preserved their seat and actually removed more Unionist sections such as Dromore. McGrady's support held solid over the years despite talk of a slippage, and this was reinforced in the 2005 Westminster election with their re-election to the House of Commons.
McGrady formerly sat on the Northern Ireland Policing Board and was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly between 1998 and 2003.
On 25 February 2010, McGrady announced that they would stand down at the 2010 General Election.
McGrady continued to be chairperson of the Lecale Branch of the SDLP.
References
External links
Guardian Politics – Ask Aristotle: Eddie McGrady MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Eddie McGrady MP
1935 births
2013 deaths
Social Democratic and Labour Party MLAs
National Democratic Party (Northern Ireland) politicians
Members of Down District Council
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Down constituencies (since 1922)
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Social Democratic and Labour Party MPs (UK)
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly 1973–1974
Members of the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention
Northern Ireland MPAs 1982–1986
Members of the Northern Ireland Forum
Northern Ireland MLAs 1998–2003
People from Downpatrick
People educated at St Patrick's Grammar School, Downpatrick
Politicians from County Down
Junior ministers of the 1974 Northern Ireland Assembly
Social Democratic and Labour Party councillors
Ben Lewis may refer to:
Ben Lewis (Australian actor) (born 1979), British-born Australian musical theatre actor
Ben Lewis (writer), British writer for theatre, radio and television; theatre director; actor and performer
Ben Lewis (editor) (1894–1970), American film editor
Ben Lewis (filmmaker), (born 1966) British filmmaker and art critic
Ben Lewis (footballer) (born 1977), English footballer
Ben Lewis (rugby union) (born 1986), Welsh rugby player
Ben Lewis (Canadian actor) (born 1985), Canadian film and television actor
Ben H. Lewis (1902–1985), mayor of Riverside, California, United States
See also
Benjamin Lewis (disambiguation)
The Edmund Gleason Farm is a historic district in Valley View, Ohio, United States. The core house was built in 1851 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 along with another building, on a property. The historic designation was expanded in 1993 to add including a dairy barn. In the twentieth century, the property became part of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park.
Gleason's house is a sandstone structure built into a hillside near the main line of the Ohio and Erie Canal. Its plan is that of a simple rectangle, divided into two bays on the ends and five on the front and rear, with the main entrance in the middle bay of the facade. The ends rise to gables, and elements such as gable returns and an undecorated frieze produce a Greek Revival appearance. The original structure was modified circa 1880, when a shed-roofed wooden porch was constructed; it bears its own ornamentation, including a bracketed frieze and a spindled railing.
Gleason and their wife Charlotte settled in present-day Valley View in an unknown year, although their first appearance in the tax records dates from 1843. According to the 1850 census, Gleason was a native of New York, and at the time of the census, they were engaged in farming.
References
Houses completed in 1851
National Register of Historic Places in Cuyahoga Valley National Park
Greek Revival houses in Ohio
Houses in Cuyahoga County, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Cuyahoga County, Ohio
Sandstone buildings in the United States
Stone houses in Ohio
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
1851 establishments in Ohio
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Trincomalee District ( Tirukŏṇamalai Māvaṭṭam; Trikuṇāmalaya distrikkaya) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country. The district is administered by a District Secretariat headed by a District Secretary (previously known as a Government Agent) appointed by the central government of Sri Lanka. The capital of the district is the city of Trincomalee.
Geography
Trincomalee District is located in the east of Sri Lanka in the Eastern Province. It has an area of .
Administrative units
Trincomalee District is divided into 11 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 230 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).
Demographics
Population
Trincomalee District's population was 378,182 in 2012.
The population of the district, like the rest of the east and north, has been heavily affected by the civil war. The war killed an estimated 100,000 people. Several hundred thousand Sri Lankan Tamils, possibly as much as one million, emigrated to the West during the war. Many Sri Lankan Tamils also moved to the relative safety of the capital Colombo. The war also caused many people from all ethnic and religious groups who lived in the district to flee to other parts of Sri Lanka, though most of them have returned to the district since the end of the civil war.
Ethnicity
Religion
Politics and government
Local government
Trincomalee District has 13 local authorities of which two are Urban Councils and the remaining 11 are Divisional Councils (Pradesha Sabhai or Pradeshiya Sabha).
Notes
References
External links
Districts of Sri Lanka
"Irregular Around the Margins" is the 57th episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the fifth of the show's fifth season. Written by Robin Green and Mitchell Burgess, and directed by Allen Coulter, it originally aired on April 4, 2004.
Starring
James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano
Lorraine Bracco as Dr. Jennifer Melfi
Edie Falco as Carmela Soprano
Michael Imperioli as Christopher Moltisanti
Dominic Chianese as Corrado Soprano, Jr.
Steven Van Zandt as Silvio Dante
Tony Sirico as Paulie Gualtieri
Robert Iler as Anthony Soprano, Jr.
Jamie-Lynn DiScala as Meadow Soprano
Drea de Matteo as Adriana La Cerva
Aida Turturro as Janice Soprano Baccalieri *
Steven R. Schirripa as Bobby Baccalieri
Kathrine Narducci as Charmaine Bucco
Steve Buscemi as Tony Blundetto
* = credit only
Guest starring
Jerry Adler as Hesh Rabkin
Also guest starring
Synopsis
Tony has a mole removed, later determined to be a squamous skin cancer. Adriana is being treated for irritable bowel syndrome caused by stress. Tony spends more time at their club and, with Christopher traveling to North Carolina on a cigarette smuggling job, is alone with them in their office. The two bond over recent problems and snort cocaine together. They are about to kiss but are interrupted. Tony resumes their psychiatric therapy; they tell Dr. Melfi that a relationship with Adriana would lead to problems with both Chris and Carmela. Melfi commends Tony for this breakthrough in therapy.
On the eve of Chris' return, Tony and Adriana drive to Dover to buy cocaine. Tony swerves to avoid a raccoon, and their SUV flips over to the driver's side. Tony is released from the hospital unhurt. Adriana is bruised and has a head injury. Tony suggests a cover story to explain why they were alone together in the early morning: they were going to get something to eat. However, Tony's crew and their associates play an unintentional game of "telephone" with the story of the accident. The details get more elaborate and lurid with each retelling; the final version is that Adriana was fellating them when the accident happened.
Chris learns of the accident from their crew and is immediately suspicious. At Satriale's, they lose their temper and nearly starts a fight with Vito, who is now a capo. At a face-to-face meeting, Tony turns the conversation against Chris, telling them they do not deserve a woman as good-looking as Adriana. They swear on their children that the rumors of their affair are untrue. At home, Adriana admits that they and Tony were going to see their drug dealer, but insists that nothing happened between them. Chris slaps them hard and physically throws them out. They then relapses.
Chris, drunk, arrives at the Bing and empties their pistol into Tony's car before entering the club, where they are overpowered. Tony and their crew take them to the Meadowlands, where Tony prepares to execute them if they don't acknowledge that nothing happened. However, at Tony B's suggestion, Chris is taken to the doctor who treated Tony and Adriana on the night of the accident. Though they are threatening him, the doctor freely acknowledges that Adriana's injuries show that they were wearing their seat belt and sitting upright when the accident occurred. Chris, though placated, feels like a laughing stock.
Agent Sanseverino, believing the final version of the story of Adriana and Tony, wants Adriana to exploit their supposed relationship by planting listening devices in their club. Adriana is furious and moves to get out of the car. As they are leaving, Sanseverino tries to warn them that by staying with Chris they are protecting them abuser.
Tony convinces Carmela that there is nothing between them and Adriana. In a show of unity, Tony and Carmela, Chris and Adriana, and Tony B and Quintina Blundetto arrive to dine at Nuovo Vesuvio, where most of Tony's crew are eating at other tables. Vito approaches them and shakes Chris' hand, wishing them a pleasant evening, resolving the tension between them.
Production
Tony's burgundy 1999 Chevy Suburban is seen for the last time in this episode (he was last seen driving it in the closing scene of the season 4 finale). They had upgraded to a black Cadillac Escalade at the beginning of season 5 (and drives/is driven in a white 2003 Escalade from the middle of this season onwards).
First appearances
Frankie Cortese: a soldier in the Soprano family.  They are one of the two bodyguards who subdued Christopher when they come into the Bada Bing to confront Tony
Jason Molinaro: a member of the Aprile crew
Title reference
Tony tells Adriana that he's afraid a mole on their shoulder looks "irregular around the margins," a worry he's had ever since a cancerous mole was removed from their forehead.
Awards
Allen Coulter was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for their work on this episode.
Mitchell Burgess and Robin Green were nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for their work on this episode.
Drea de Matteo won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for their performance in this episode.
Michael Imperioli won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for their performance in this episode.
Music
The song that plays during the meeting in the Crazy Horse, when Adriana comes in, is "Beat Connection" from LCD Soundsystem.
The song that plays while Tony and Adriana use cocaine at the Crazy Horse is "Come for Me" by Little Steven and the Lost Boys. The band's singer, Steven Van Zandt, plays Silvio Dante on the show.
The music that plays during the final restaurant scene and over the closing credits is the aria, "Chi il bel sogno di Doretta?", from La rondine, an opera by Giacomo Puccini sung by Luba Orgonasova. The same aria was used in the pilot episode, when Tony got their first panic attack at the moment the ducks left their pool. The song describes a woman who rejects a king as a suitor in favor of a student.
References
External links
"Irregular Around the Margins" at HBO
The Sopranos (season 5) episodes
2004 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Allen Coulter
Margaret Gibson (born 1944 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American poet.
Life
Margaret Gibson grew up in Richmond, Virginia, and was educated at Hollins College, and the University of Virginia. They went to Yaddo in 1975.
Gibson is Professor Emerita at The University of Connecticut.
They were named to a three-year term as Poet Laureate of Connecticut in 2019.
Gibson was married to the late David McKain, poet and author. They live in Preston, Connecticut.
Awards
The Vigil, A Poem in Four Voices, a Finalist for the National Book Award in 1993
Memories of the Future, The Daybooks of Tina Modotti, co-winner of the Melville Cane Award of the Poetry Society of America in 1986-87
Long Walks in the Afternoon, the 1982 Lamont Selection of the Academy of American Poets
National Endowment for the Arts Grant
Lila Wallace/Reader's Digest Fellowship
Grants from the Connecticut Commission on the Arts
"Earth Elegy," the title poem of New and Selected Poems, won The James Boatwright III Prize for Poetry
"Archaeology" was awarded a Pushcart Prize in 2001
Works
Poetry Books
Not Hearing the Wood Thrush, Louisiana State University Press, 2018.
Broken Cup, Louisiana State University Press, 2014.
Second Nature, Louisiana State University Press, 2010.
Memoir
Anthologies
References
External links
"A Reading by Margaret Gibson", Blackbird Magazine, June 14, 2002
Hollins University alumni
University of Virginia alumni
University of Connecticut faculty
1944 births
Living people
Writers from Richmond, Virginia
Writers from Philadelphia
People from Preston, Connecticut
American women poets
Poets Laureate of Connecticut
American women academics
21st-century American women
The Anderson Lodge or Anderson Studio was built in 1890 in the Absaroka Mountains west of Meeteetse, Wyoming, in what was then the Yellowstone Park Timber Land Reserve, soon renamed the Yellowstone Forest Reserve. The two-story rustic log structure became the home of rancher and artist Abraham Archibald Anderson from 1901 to 1905. Anderson played a significant role in the development of the forest reserve as Special Superintendent of Forest Reserves, and the Anderson Lodge was used as an administrative building for the forest.
The National Register lists the site as a historic district, including the Anderson Lodge, a one-room log cabin, an outhouse, two log footbridges, a developed spring, and a pole corral. Its significance is related to its wilderness setting, its association with the beginning of a national conservation movement in the United States, and the early history of the United States Forest Service.
The lodge location is now managed as part of Shoshone National Forest, in the Washakie Wilderness.
References
External links
Anderson Lodge at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
1890s architecture in the United States
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Houses in Park County, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Wyoming
Houses completed in 1890
Arandu (), is a town in the Chitral District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan, on the banks of the Landai Sin River just above its confluence with the Kunar River. Arandu lies on the border with Kunar Province, Afghanistan.
History
Demography
Ethnically most residents are Khowar, and Gawar-Bati is the language spoken by the majority of the people in Arandu. As Arandu has a low elevation and is the last village in Chitral District on the traditional trade route to Kabul, locally this language is also known as Aranduiwar. Pashto, Urdu, and Khowar are also spoken and understood.
Geography
Arandu is located on the banks of the Landai Sin River (Bashgal River) just above its intersection with the Kunar River (Chitral River), along the Drosh-Jalalabad Road. The Drosh-Jalalabad Road, including water traffic along the Kunar, used to be part of a major trade route from India to Kabul. Arundu is built on river benches that rise above the agricultural fields next to the two rivers. Arandu has an average elevation of . The Lowari Range is across the Kunar to the north and west, while Mount Raskarla rises to four kilometers to the east.
Climate
Arandu has the lowest elevation of any place in Chitral District and maintains tropical weather during the summer and warmer temperatures than the rest of Chitral in winter. The winters are rainier than the summers. Its climate is classified as warm and temperate, and is listed as Csa by Köppen and Geiger. The average annual temperature is 17.6 °C in arandu. The average annual rainfall is 800 mm.
See also
Kunar Province
Lowari Pass
Lowari Tunnel
Notes and references
Populated places in Chitral District
Mount Phillips () is a mainly ice-covered mountain rising to about lying west of Mount Alberts, situated in the southern portion of the Malta Plateau, on the Borchgrevink Coast, named for Anglo-Norwegian explorer Carsten Borchgrevink (1864–1934), marking the western extremity of Victoria Land, Antarctica. The mountain was first discovered in January 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross who so named the mountain for professor John Phillips, assistant secretary of the British Association.
References
http://geographic.org/geographic_names/antname.php?uni=11721&fid=antgeo_118
Phillips
Grousbeck is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anne Grousbeck (born 1966), American tennis player
H. Irving Grousbeck (born 1934), American business person and professor
Wyc Grousbeck (born 1961), American business person
The Gaúcho United Front (, also known as the Frente Única, FU) was a coalition of two political parties in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul which formed shortly after Getúlio Vargas became governor. It was composed of the Riograndese Republican Party, led by Borges de Medeiros, and the Liberator Party, led by Joaquim Francisco de Assis Brasil.
In 1929 it became a member of the larger Liberal Alliance, which supported Vargas over Júlio Prestes in the 1930 presidential election. In 1932 split from the FUG to form the Liberal Republican Party, which became the main enemy of the Front in Sul-Riograndense politics.
Notes
Sources
de Abreu, Luciano Aronne. O Rio Grande Estadonovista: Interventores e Interventorias. Unisinos, São Leopoldo, 2005.
Cortés, Carlos E. Gaúcho Politics in Brazil. University of New Mexico Press, 1974.
Defunct political parties in Brazil
Political parties established in 1928
Political party alliances in Brazil
1928 establishments in Brazil
Political parties disestablished in 1932
1932 disestablishments in Brazil
Gina Kaus (born Regina Wiener; 21 October 1893, Vienna, Austria – 23 December 1985, Los Angeles, California) was an Austrian-American novelist and screenwriter.
Life and career
Regina Wiener, the daughter of money broker Max Wiener, attended an all-girls school. Regina married the Viennese musician Josef Zirner in 1913, but they died in 1915 on the battlefield in World War I. They were the mistress and common law wife of the banker Josef Kranz and used the last name Zirner-Kranz. Four years later, 1920, they married the writer Otto Kaus, but the couple divorced in 1926, after the birth of two sons, Otto Kaus, a California Supreme Court Associate Justice, and Peter.
In the twenties, Gina Kaus published their first novel The Rise, which won the Theodor Fontane Prize, and was very active in the circle of literary intellectuals in Berlin and Vienna. They had friendships with both Austrian writers Karl Kraus and a romance with Otto Soyka; in their autobiography they would write "... I had a lover, I am not loved." In 1933 they would watch both their books fall victim to the Nazi book burnings.
In March 1938, Kaus moved from Vienna via Zurich to Paris. In Paris they wrote two screenplays from their play Gefängnis ohne Gitter and their novel Die Schwestern Kleeh, which became the popular movies Prison sans barreaux and Conflict, both starring Corinne Luchaire. Later the same year Prison sans barreaux was remade into the British film Prison Without Bars with Luchaire reprising their original part. One year later Prison Without Bars was shown as a BBC live television broadcast with Nova Pilbeam in the leading role.
At the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, Gina Kaus emigrated to the United States. After a few months in New York, they settled in Hollywood in November 1939. They wrote many scripts there and would not return to Vienna until 1948 and visit Berlin until 1951.
In 1956. Kaus's 1940 novel Devil Next Door was made into the film Devil in Silk by director Rolf Hansen, starring Lilli Palmer and Curt Jürgens.
In 1979, Kaus wrote an autobiography published in Germany as Und was für ein Leben...mit Liebe und Literatur, Theater und Film.
Gina Kaus wrote some of their works under the pseudonym, "Andreas Eckbrecht".
They died in Los Angeles in 1985.
Them grandson is pundit Mickey Kaus.
Works
Stageplays
Diebe im Haus (Thieves in the House) (1917)
Der lächerliche Dritte (The Ridiculous Third) (1926)
Toni - Eine Schulmädchenkomödie in zehn Bildern (Toni: A Schoolgirl Comedy in Ten Pictures) (1927)
Gefängnis ohne Gitter (Prison Without Bars) (1936)
Schrift an der Wand (Writing on the Wall) (1937)
Whisky und Soda (Whisky and Soda) (1937)
Die Nacht vor der Scheidung (The Night Before the Divorce, based on the novel Morgen um Neun) (1937)
Fiction
Der Aufstieg (The Rise) (1920)
Die Verliebten (The Lovers) (1928)
Die Überfahrt / Luxusdampfer - Roman einer Überfahrt (Luxury Liner) (1932)
Morgen um Neun (Tomorrow We Part) (1932)
Die Schwestern Kleh (Dark Angel) (1933)
Der Teufel nebenan (Melanie / Devil Next Door) (1940)
Non Fiction
Katharina die Große (Catherine: The Portrait of an Empress) (1935)
Und was für ein Leben...mit Liebe und Literatur, Theater und Film, (And what a life ... with love and literature, theatre and film) (1979) - autobiography
Film credits
Luxury Liner (1933), (novel Die Überfahrt)
Prison sans barreaux (1938), (play Gefängnis ohne Gitter)
Conflict (1938) (novel Die Schwestern Kleh)
Prison Without Bars (1938), (play Gefängnis ohne Gitter)
Prison Without Bars (1939), BBC live television broadcast (play Gefängnis ohne Gitter)
Charlie Chan in City in Darkness (1939), play
Western Mail (1942), story
The Night Before the Divorce (1942), (play Die Nacht vor der Scheidung)
The Wife Takes a Flyer (1942), screenplay, story
They All Kissed the Bride (1942), story
Isle of Missing Men (1942), (play White Lady)
Blazing Guns (1943), story
Camino del infierno (1946), writer
Them Sister's Secret (1946), (novel Die Schwestern Kleh)
Whispering City (1947), additional dialogue
Julia Misbehaves (1948), adaptation
The Red Danube (1949), screenplay
Three Secrets (1950), story "Rock Bottom", uncredited
We're Not Married! (1952), story
All I Desire (1953), writer
The Robe (1953), adaptation
Devil in Silk (1956), (novel Der Teufel nebenan)
Alfred Hitchcock Presents (1956), 1 episode
The Night of the Storm (1957), writer
(1957), writer
Schlitz Playhouse of Stars (1957), 1 episode
Geu yeojaui joiga anida (It's Not Them Sin) (1959), novel
Der Tag danach (1965, TV film), writer
Die skandalösen Frauen (1993), (novel Die Schwestern Kleh)
References
Notes
Bibliography
David H. Malone: Gina Kaus. : John M. Spalek, Joseph Strelka (ed.): German literature in exile since 1933. Volume 1 California. Francke, Bern and Munich 1976, S.751-761.
Sibylle Mulot: Last word on Gina Kaus. : Gina Kaus from Vienna to Hollywood. Memories of Gina Kaus. TB 1757. Suhrkamp, Frankfurt am Main, 1990, S.239-251.
Hartmut Vollmer: Gina Kaus. In: Richard B. Kilcher (ed.): Metzlers lexicon of German-Jewish literature.'' J.B. Metzler, Stuttgart and Weimar 2000, S.301-303.
External links
''Ancestors and Family Connections for the ZWIEBACK Family Name'
American women screenwriters
Austrian women screenwriters
German-language writers
American people of Austrian-Jewish descent
Jewish American novelists
Jewish American screenwriters
1893 births
1985 deaths
Austrian women novelists
American women novelists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century Austrian novelists
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century American Jews
The Charles Riley House is a historic house in Newton, Massachusetts. This large neo-Classical estate house started out as a more modest wood-frame structure built in the 1870s by Boston business person Job Turner. In c. 1888 Charles Riley, a manufacturer of cotton processing machinery, greatly expanded the house, giving it the present neo-Classical styling, and finishing the exterior in brick and stone.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton, Massachusetts
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Newton, Massachusetts
Joe Medford was born on April 2, 1932 and died on November 16, 1993. From Clyde, North Carolina, they were a well-known banjo player, playing with some of the early artists of bluegrass music. Groups and musicians they played with include the Murphy Brothers and the Blue River Boys, Mac Wiseman and Charlie Monroe & their Kentucky Partners.
Recordings
A selection of the recordings on which Joe Medford played. Some of these are CD re-releases of old recordings in other formats:
Early Bluegrass Recordings of the Murphy Brothers, Cattle Records
Original Blue River Boys, Cattle Records
I'm Old Kentucky Bound, Charlie Monroe, Bear Family Records, 2007
Dim Lights, Thick Smoke and Hillbilly Music - Country & Western Hit Parade 1951, various artists, 2009
Raw Fiddle, various artists, 2004
'Tis Sweet to Be Remembered: Complete Recordings 1951-1964, Mac Wiseman, 2003
First Generation Blue Grass, Various Artists, 2002
References
External links
- Medford plays banjo with Fred Murphy in this old 78.
- Medford recorded this with Mac Wiseman back in May 1951.
1932 births
1993 deaths
Bluegrass musicians from North Carolina
American country banjoists
People from Clyde, North Carolina
20th-century American musicians
Country musicians from North Carolina
Zatrephes amoena is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Paul Dognin in 1924. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1924
Bramalea—Gore—Malton was a provincial electoral district in Southern Ontario, Canada. It was created for the 2007 provincial election. All of the district was carved from Bramalea—Gore—Malton—Springdale.
The riding includes the part of Mississauga north of the 401 and east of Dixie Road and the part of Brampton east of a line following Dixie Road to Bovaird Drive to Torbram Road.
In 2018, the district was dissolved into Brampton East, Mississauga—Malton, Brampton Centre, and Brampton North.
The riding has the unusual distinction of only ever having been held by members of Canada's Sikh visible minority.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
|align="left" colspan=2|Liberal hold
|align="right"|Swing
|align="right"| +5.84
^ Change is from redistributed results
2007 electoral reform referendum
Sources
Elections Ontario Past Election Results
Former provincial electoral districts of Ontario
Politics of Brampton
Politics of Mississauga
The Diocese of Trincomalee () is a Roman Catholic diocese for eastern Sri Lanka. The current bishop is Noel Emmanuel.
History
The Diocese of Trincomalee was created on 25 August 1893 from parts of the Archdiocese of Colombo and the Diocese of Jaffna. In the Eastern Province of Sri lanka there were two abandon regions.According to the report of Rev.FR Etinne Sameria ( omi), in 1850, in Trincomalee there were five churches with 1500 Catholics. Every Sunday Sermon delivered in English and Tamil
The diocese was renamed Diocese of Trincomalee–Batticaloa on 23 October 1967. On 19 December 1975 parts of the diocese were transferred to newly created Apostolic Prefecture of Anuradhapura. The diocese was renamed Diocese of Trincomalee on 3 July 2012 after parts of the diocese were transferred to newly created Diocese of Batticaloa.
Bishops
References
Organisations based in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka
Religious organizations established in 1893
Trincomalee-Batticaloa
Enriquebeltrania crenatifolia is a plant species of the family Euphorbiaceae endemic to the Yucatán Peninsula in southeastern Mexico (States of Campeche, Quintana Roo, and Yucatán).
References
Adelieae
Flora of the Yucatán Peninsula
Plants described in 1957
Douglas "Jocko" Henderson (March 8, 1918July 15, 2000) was an American radio disc jockey, business person, and hip hop music pioneer.
Early life
Henderson grew up in Baltimore, where both of their parents were teachers.
Radio broadcasting
Henderson began their broadcast career in 1952 at Baltimore station WSID, and in 1953 began broadcasting in Philadelphia on WHAT. They hosted a show called Jocko's Rocket Ship Show out of New York radio stations WOV and WADO and Philadelphia stations WHAT and WDAS from 1954 to 1964, which was an early conduit for rock & roll. They were known for a distinctive style of rhythmic patter in their radio voice, which they had learned from a Baltimore deejay, Maurice "Hot Rod" Hulbert. This fast-talking jive was exemplary of the style of Black Appeal Radio, which emerged in the early 1950s after black urban stations switched to playing bebop. With a heavy reliance on rapping and rhyming, the double entendres and street slang were a hit with audiences. Henderson continued on the stations WDAS and WHAT until 1974, deejaying in Philadelphia and New York as well as hosting concerts in both cities and a TV music program in New York. In addition to Philadelphia, New York, and Baltimore, Henderson was also broadcast on stations inSt. Louis, Detroit, Miami, and Boston.
Payola and Scepter Records
In the 1950s and early 1960s it was common practice for record companies to lavish gifts on disc jockeys in exchange for airplay of their songs. This was known as "payola", and starting in 1959 it was the subject of Congressional hearings condemning the practice. New York disc jockey Alan Freed's career ended when they were convicted of two counts of commercial bribery. Wand, a subsidiary of Scepter Records, created greatest hits collections for Henderson called Jocko's Showstoppers and Jocko's Rocket to the Stars. Scepter also gave them publishing rights to songs such as "Baby It's You" and "Will You Love Me Tomorrow", which they eventually sold to avoid suffering the same fate as Freed.
Later life
In 1978, Henderson made an unsuccessful bid for a seat in the United States House of Representatives in Pennsylvania's 2nd congressional district. They also made some early rap records, recording 12" singles for Philadelphia International and Sugar Hill Records (hip hop label). They continued deejaying on oldies stations into the 1990s. They died in 2000 after a long battle with cancer and diabetes.
Reception, retrospect and influence
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia inducted Henderson into their Hall of Fame in 2004.
In a 2013 interview, Questlove described Jocko Henderson as "unofficially the first MC" (adapting a jazz style of scat singing in the late disco era), and stated that they were a major influence on the earliest rap and hip-hop in Philadelphia in the late 1970s.
Discography
"A little bit of everything" (circa 1963?)
"Blast Off to Love" (circa 1963?)
"Rhythm Talk" (Philadelphia International, 1979)
"The Rocketship" (Philadelphia International, 1979)
"Everybody's Uptight (Trying to Get Their Money Right)" (Sugar Hill Records, 1983)
See also
Arthur Bernard Leaner
Kool DJ Red Alert
Bob Perkins
Daddy-O Daylie
Yvonne Daniels
DJ Nat D.
References
Further reading
Black Radio in Los Angeles, Chicago & New York A Bibliography, Dr George Hill APR & JJ Johnson with foreword by Jack Gibson
1918 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American musicians
African-American male rappers
American DJs
American radio personalities
Radio personalities from Philadelphia
Musicians from Baltimore
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American men
Jordan William Holsgrove (born 10 September 1999) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Paços de Ferreira.
Club career
Reading
Born in Edinburgh while their father was representing Hibernian, Holsgrove returned to England a few months later, and was a Reading youth graduate. On 13 February 2017, they signed their first professional contract with the club. On 26 February 2019, after already becoming a regular with the club's under-23 squad, they agreed to a new deal until 2021.
On 27 August 2019, after spending the pre-season with the first team, Holsgrove was loaned to Spanish Segunda División B side CD Atlético Baleares on a season-long deal. They made their senior debut on 1 September, coming on as a second-half substitute for Marc Rovirola in a 1–0 home win against UD Las Palmas Atlético.
Holsgrove scored their first senior goal on 3 November 2019, netting ATBs third in a 3–1 home success over Real Oviedo Vetusta. They returned to the Royals in July 2020, despite Atlético Baleares attempting to extend their loan deal to cover for the play-offs, as the season was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Celta
On 10 September 2020, Holsgrove signed a permanent two-year contract with La Liga side RC Celta de Vigo, being initially assigned to the reserves also in the third division. After impressing with the B-side, they made their first team debut on 5 January 2021; after replacing Lautaro De León in the 81st minute, they scored their side's second in a 2–5 Copa del Rey away loss against UD Ibiza.
Holsgrove made their debut in the Spanish top tier on 8 January 2021, replacing Miguel Baeza at half-time in a 0–4 home loss against Villarreal CF.
Paços de Ferreira
On 27 June 2022, Paços de Ferreira announced the signing of Holsgrove.
International career
They were part of the Scotland under-20 team that won bronze medal at 2017 Toulon Tournament, the nations first ever medal at the competition.
Personal life
Holsgrove hails from a family of footballers. Their father Paul was also a midfielder, while their uncle Lee and their grandfather John were both defenders.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Edinburgh
Scottish footballers
Association football midfielders
Reading F.C. players
La Liga players
Primera Federación players
Segunda División B players
CD Atlético Baleares footballers
Celta de Vigo B players
RC Celta de Vigo players
Scotland youth international footballers
Scottish expatriate footballers
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Anglo-Scots
Przemysław I Noszak (, , ; 13 February 1334 – 23 May 1410), was a Duke of Cieszyn-Bytom-Siewierz from 1358 (during 1359–1368 they lost Siewierz and in 1405 also lost Bytom), from 1384 rulers over half of both Głogów and Ścinawa (except during 1404–1406) and after 1401 rulers over Toszek.
They were the third son of Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn, by their wife Euphemia, daughter of Duke Trojden I of Czersk-Warsaw.
Life
At first, it seemed that Przemysław had no better chance of getting any part of their father's inheritance; however, the early deaths of their older brothers Władysław (in 1355) and Bolesław (in 1356) made them the main heir of Duke Casimir I.
From 1355 Przemysław began their political life at the court of Emperor Charles IV, where a year later they received the dignity of court judge after the death of their brother Władysław. After their father's death in 1358 they took full control over Cieszyn, without interrupting their diplomatic career.
Their marriage to Elisabeth, daughter of Bolesław, Duke of Koźle-Bytom in 1360 give them additional rights over the half of Bytom taken by their father Casimir I in 1357. The dispute over these lands with the Dukes of Oleśnica was definitely resolved in 1358. Casimir I remained as legal guardian over the three daughters of the late Duke of Bytom —Elisabeth (Przemysław's future wife), Euphemia and Bolka—, who had to renounce all their claims over half of Bytom and Koźle, so the Dukes of Cieszyn took almost the whole inheritance of Duke Bolesław (except Koźle and half of Bytom, which was taken by the Dukes of Oleśnica). Unfortunately, the acquisition of Bytom didn't last.
Przemysław quickly became one of the most important figures in the court of Prague, and Emperor Charles IV entrusted them with numerous (and sometimes very difficult) tasks. In 1361 they helped to conclude the agreement between Prague and the Margraves of Brandenburg and was involved in the acquisition of the Wittelsbach's succession by Charles IV. Also, they successfully dismantled the alliance between the King Louis I of Hungary and the German princes. Przemysław's position was supported by the fact that they participated in the famous Congress of Wierzynek in Kraków.
In 1380 they were sent to Paris where they were supposed to help maintain the alliance between Bohemia and France. This mission was, however, unsuccessful. They also tried to negotiate the peace between England and France, who were engaged in the Hundred Years' War. Przemysław also negotiated the marriage of Princess Anne of Bohemia, Charles IV's daughter, to Richard II, King of England. Their own daughter, Princess Margaret traveled to England with Anne as their lady-in-waiting. As a reward for the successful negotiations, the Duke of Cieszyn received from King Richard II an annual salary of 500 pounds. Thanks to the negotiations with England, the relations between Przemysław and Charles IV's successor, Wenceslaus IV, were considerably improved. The Bohemian King, who was also King of the Romans, appointed the Duke of Cieszyn as their Vicar in the German countries. In this new office, Przemysław's diplomatic skills were used in several disputes between various members of the local nobility, for example, in the peaces of Heidelberg and Koblenz and in 1389, during the negotiations about the borders between the Bohemian Kingdom and Meissen.
In the second half of the 1380s, Przemysław became active in the internal politics of Bohemia. In 1386 they acted as Governor of Bohemia when King Wenceslaus IV was abroad. Tensions between the local and foreign nobility escalated and they were eventually removed from their positions by the Bohemian nobility. Their position was filled by Jan II of Iron, Duke of Racibórz. This resulted in a deep hostility between the two Dukes. The high point of this dispute was the murder of the Cieszyn Duke's eldest son Przemysław on 1 January 1406 in the town of Rybnik, during their return from Gliwice to Cieszyn, by a certain Martin Chrzan, who acted under instructions of Duke Jan II. The conflict was finally ended by a peace treaty signed on 7 November 1407 in Żory.
As a result of the unstable situation in Bohemia, banditry acts increased. Przemysław's diplomatic efforts resulted in a treaty with King Władysław II Jagiełło of Poland, signed on 12 June 1397, where both sides pledged to fight banditry in the borderlands. Przemysław gained the trust of the Polish king, who appointed them Governor of Kraków, where they remained until 1401. The Duke also took part in negotiations with the Polish Teutonic Knights in 1410, but without positive results.
After 1378 Przemysław increasingly began to suffer from gout. The disease eventually left the former vigorous Duke a complete invalid, so they were forced to use a litter. It was at this time that the Duke of Cieszyn became known by their nickname: Noszak (from Polish "nosić", to carry) The progressive disease forced Przemysław in 1396 to abandon their interference in Bohemian politics.
During their reign, Przemysław also extended their possessions and gained lands surrounding Toszek and Pyskowice and half of the Bytom and Gliwice lands. In 1359 they sold Siewierz to Duke Bolko II the Small of Świdnica for the amount of 2,300 fines (the land returned to them only after Bolko II's death in 1368). After the dispute with Konrad I of Oleśnica, Przemysław managed to obtain, in the redistribution of the Duchy of Koźle-Bytom, the southern part of the Duchy. During 1378-1382 they also took from their relative the Dukes of Racibórz the town of Żory. Finally, with the support of King Wenceslas IV, in 1384 they obtained half of both Głogów and Ścinawa and one year later (in 1385), they bought Strzelin to Duke Bolko III of Ziębice. Also, Przemysław annexed to their Duchy the town of Zator, given to them by the Emperor Charles IV in 1372. In 1401, the Duke of Cieszyn acquired the town of Toszek.
As the closest male relative of Duke Jan III of Oświęcim, Przemysław obtained the right of succession of their Duchy in case of their death without issue; in 1405, after Jan III's death, the Duke of Cieszyn inherited Oświęcim, but immediately they ceded them (with Zator) to their eldest son and namesake Przemysław, who one year before (in 1404) received the government of half of Głogów and half of Ścinawa. After Przemysław's death in 1406, half of Głogów and half of Ścinawa returned to the Duke of Cieszyn. Oświęcim was inherited by the late Duke's only son, Casimir, who, a minor at that time, was placed under the regency of their grandfather, and after their death, of their uncle Bolesław I, who received the independent rule of Bytom and Toszek in 1405.
 They are regarded as one of the most skilled Piast Dukes of Cieszyn. They were a skilled diplomat and negotiator, experienced in many diplomatic efforts in several European countries. Their internal politics in the Duchy thus remains little known.
Przemysław I Noszak died on 23 May 1410 and was buried in the Dominican church of Cieszyn.
Marriage and issue
By 1360, Przemysław married Elisabeth (b. ca. 1347/50 – d. 1374), daughter of Bolesław, Duke of Koźle-Bytom. They had three children:
Przemysław (b. ca. 1362 – d. 1 January 1406).
Bolesław I (b. ca. 1363 – d. 6 May 1431).
Margaret (b. ca. 1365/70 – d. 27 June 1413), lady-in-waiting to Anne of Bohemia, the first wife of King Richard II of England. They married Sir Simon de Felbrigg (d.1351), Knight of the Garter, of Felbrigg Hall in Norfolk, Standard Bearer to King Richard II. Their monumental brass in Felbrigg Church displays the paternal arms of their wife and is inscribed: Here lie Simon Felbrigg, knight, former Standard bearer to the most illustrious lord, our lord the King Richard the Second. They died on the ...day of the month of ... in the year of our Lord 14.. and the lady Margaret formerly their wife, of the nation and noble blood of Bohemia and formerly maid of honour to the most noble lady Anne, Queen of England; they died on the 27th day of June in the year of our Lord 1416; upon whose souls may God have mercy; Amen.
Anna (b. bef. 1374 – d. 8 July bef. 1405/1420?), married on 20 September 1396 to Duke Henry IX of Lubin.
Ancestry
Footnotes
References
Genealogical database by Herbert Stoyan
PRZEMYSŁ I NOSZAK (CIESZYŃSKI)
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1330s births
1410 deaths
Dukes of Teschen
Piast dynasty
María del Pilar Ortiz is a Colombian journalist.
 They are most recognized as the former director and anchor of Noticias Univision in Tampa, Florida; a position they maintained for eleven years. In addition to Univision, they have worked as a reporter for RCN TV, Caracol TV, and CBS TeleNoticias. They have interviewed multiple politicians and celebrities including Barack Obama, John McCain, Andrés Pastrana, Hugo Chávez, Shakira, Carlos Vives, Celia Cruz, Tito Nieves, Ricardo Arjona, and Ricky Martin. In 1997, while working at Caracol TV they received the Simon Bolivar National Journalism Award in the category of "Best Television Chronicle of the Year".
Today, Maria del Pilar Ortiz serves as a consultant for La Guia Magazine.  They are also a columnist for the weekly newspaper 7 Dias along with Jorge Ramos.
October 4, 2014 was declared "Maria del Pilar Ortiz Hispanic Woman of the Year Day" by Mayor of Tampa Bob Buckhorn, when Tampa Hispanic Heritage, Inc. named them their Hispanic Woman of the Year.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Colombian journalists
Colombian women journalists
Colombian emigrants to the United States
Colombian television presenters
Colombian women television presenters
Hispanic and Latino American people in television
American television news anchors
Pontifical Xavierian University alumni
Women columnists
Rowland Suddaby (1912–1972) was a British artist and illustrator.
Rowland Suddaby was born in Kimberworth, Yorkshire in 1912. Suddaby won a scholarship to Sheffield College of Art and studied there from 1926.
Suddaby moved to London in 1931. They exhibited in shows at London's Wertheim Gallery, and The Redfern Gallery from 1936, and later at Austin Desmond.
At the start of World War II, they moved to near Sudbury, Suffolk, with their wife Elizabeth and daughter Joanna.
Suddaby's work is held in the collections of 18 UK galleries, including the V&A, and the Government Art Collection has 24 of their works.
References
1912 births
1972 deaths
British artists
People from Rotherham
Alumni of Sheffield Hallam University
The Humane Reader and Humane PC are two open-source hardware projects created by research scientist and inventor Braddock Gaskill.
Humane Reader
The Humane Reader has received coverage from publications including Wired, Make, Engadget, OSNews, Ethiopian Review, and Linux Journal.
According to Wired, the Human Reader "takes two 8-bit microcontrollers and packages them in a 'classic style console' that connects to a TV. The device includes an optional keyboard, a micro-SD Card reader and a composite video output. It uses a standard micro-USB cellphone charger for power. In all, it can hold the equivalent of 5,000 books, including an offline version of Wikipedia, and requires no internet connection."
Humane PC
According to Gaskill's website, the Humane PC is an 8-bit microcomputer that "combines the ease of Arduino development with the excitement of a classic stand-alone television-and-keyboard PC."
Wired wrote that "The PC has almost the same specs as the Reader but offers additional features such as a micro-USB port and infrared port."
References
External links
Braddock Gaskill's website
Humane Reader and Humane PC website
Open-source hardware
HD 129445 b is an eccentric Jupiter gas giant exoplanet orbiting the star HD 129445 which was discovered by the Magellan Planet Search Program in 2010. Its mass is 1.6 times Jupiter's, and it takes 5 years to complete one orbit around HD 129445, a G-type star approximately 210 light years away.
References
Exoplanets discovered in 2010
Exoplanets detected by radial velocity
Giant planets
Circinus (constellation)
Sexual Assault Awareness Month (SAAM) is an annual campaign to raise public awareness about sexual assault and educate communities and individuals on how to prevent sexual violence. It is observed in April.
Each year during the month of April, state, territory, tribal and community-based organizations, rape crisis centers, government agencies, businesses, campuses and individuals plan events and activities to highlight sexual violence as a public health, human rights and social justice issue and reinforce the need for prevention efforts.
The theme, slogan, resources and materials for the national SAAM campaign are coordinated by the National Sexual Violence Resource Center each year with assistance from anti-sexual assault organizations throughout the United States.
History
The 1970s saw a significant growth for prevention and awareness of sexual violence across the country, following the general trend of social activism throughout the decade. Moving beyond awareness of the issue, the Bay Area Women Against Rape opened in 1971 as the nation's first rape crisis center offering immediate victim services. With this heightened awareness of sexual violence, state coalitions began to form, beginning with Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape in 1975.
As early as 1976, Take Back the Night marches rallied women in organized protest against rape and sexual assault. These marches protested the violence and fear that women encountered walking the streets at night. Over time these events coordinated into a movement across the United States and Europe. Because of this movement broader activities to raise awareness of violence against women began to occur.
In the early 1980s, activists used October to raise awareness of violence against women and domestic violence awareness became the main focus. In the late 1980s, the National Coalition Against Sexual Assault (NCASA) informally polled state sexual assault coalitions to determine the preferred date for a national Sexual Assault Awareness Week. A week in April was selected. By the late 1990s, many advocates began coordinating activities and events throughout the month of April, advancing the idea of a nationally recognized month for sexual violence awareness and prevention activities. SAAM was first observed nationally in April 2001.
Survivors, advocates, and state coalitions mobilized around the creation and implementation of the Violence Against Women Act in 1994. This bill was the first national law requiring law enforcement to treat gender violence as a crime rather than a private family matter. VAWA was also designed to strengthen legal protections for victims of domestic violence and sexual violence as well as expand services to survivors and their children
The National Sexual Violence Resource Center was established in 2000 by the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape and the Center for Disease Control. In 2001, the NSVRC coordinated the first formally recognized national Sexual Assault Awareness Month campaign, and still facilitates it today. In 2005, the campaign shifted to prevention of sexual violence and the first tool kits were sent out to coalitions and rape crisis centers across the country. Awareness for the campaign culminated in 2009 when Barack Obama was the first president to officially proclaim April as Sexual Assault Awareness Month.
Color and symbol
State, territory, and tribal sexual violence coalitions were polled in 2000 by the Resource Sharing Project (RSP) and the NSVRC to determine that the color blue was the preferred color for sexual assault awareness and prevention and that April was the preferred month to coordinate national sexual assault awareness activities. The teal ribbon was adopted as a symbol of sexual assault awareness and prevention.
Activities and Events
Day of Action
The first Tuesday in April is the SAAM Day of Action and provides an opportunity for everyone to take action in preventing sexual violence.
The Clothesline Project
Beginning in 1990 in Massachusetts, The Clothesline Project is made up of t-shirts created by survivors of violence, or created in honor of someone who has experienced violence. The Clothesline Project provides evidence that incest, domestic violence, and sexual violence exists in our communities and is a visual reminder of statistics that we often ignore.
Take Back the Night
Take Back the Night is an international event that began in the early 1970s in response to sexual assaults and violence against women. Local communities have organized TBTN marches and rallies to unify individuals against violence in their communities. TBTN can include a candlelight vigil, a rally, a survivor speak out, and a large scale public march.
Walk a Mile in Them Shoes
Created in 2001, Walk a Mile in Them Shoes is an international men's march to stop rape, sexual assault, and gender violence. The event helps to bring community awareness of sexual violence and have everyone involved in the conversation.
Denim Day
Peace Over Violence facilitates a Wednesday in April as Denim Day as a symbol of protest against misconceptions around sexual assault. The event was originally created in response to an Italian Supreme Court case in which a rape conviction was overruled because the victims tight jeans implied consent.
2018 Campaign Theme
In 2018, SAAM celebrated its 17th anniversary with the theme Embrace Your Voice to inform individuals on how they can use their words to promote safety, respect, and equality to stop sexual violence before it happens. More specifically, individuals can embrace their voices to show their support for survivors, stand up to victim blaming, shut down rape jokes, correct harmful misconceptions, promote everyday consent, and practice healthy communications with children. NSVRC developed four key resources for this campaign including fact-sheets, Embrace Your Voice, Everyday Consent, Healthy Communications with Kids, and Understanding Sexual Violence.
2019 Campaign Theme
The 2019 SAAM theme is I Ask.
See also
List of anti-sexual assault organizations in the United States
Take Back the Night
References
External links
Sexual Assault Awareness Month
Observances in the United States
April observances
Month-long observances
Sexual abuse
Violence against women in the United States
Health observances
Awareness months
The Auglaize River (Shawnee: Kathinakithiipi) is a tributary of the Maumee River in northwestern Ohio in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie. The name of the river was derived from the French term for it. The French called it "rivière à la Grande Glaize" (later spelled as "glaise", meaning river of Great Clay), referring to the soil in the area.
The river rises in southeastern Allen County, approximately southeast of Lima and north of Indian Lake. It flows southwest to Wapakoneta, then generally north in a zigzag course, past Delphos, Fort Jennings and Oakwood. It joins the Maumee from the south at Defiance, approximately east of the mouth of the Tiffin River at .
It receives the Ottawa River from the southeast in western Putnam County, northwest of Lima. It also receives the Blanchard River in western Putnam County. It receives the Little Auglaize River from the south in eastern Paulding County. It receives Flatrock Creek from the west in northeastern Paulding County.
During the days of the Ohio Country in the 18th century, the area around the river was inhabited by the Ottawa. During the mid-1790s the area near the mouth of the Auglaize surpassed Kekionga to the west as the center of Indian influence. Fort Defiance was constructed in 1794 near the confluence of the Auglaize and the Maumee by General Mad Anthony Wayne. Fort Amanda, constructed along the river southwest of Lima in 1812, was an important American outpost during the War of 1812.
Variant names
According to the Geographic Names Information System, the Auglaize River has also been known as:
Au Glaize River
Auglaise River
Cowthenake sepe
Glaize River
Grand Au Glaze River
Grand Glaise River
Grand Glaize River
Great au Glaise River
Qusquasrundee
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
Grandglaize Creek, tributary of the Lake of the Ozarks, which also uses the Auglaize name
References
External links
1831 Treaty with Ottawa
Fort Defiance
Findlay University: Fort Amanda
Rivers of Auglaize County, Ohio
Rivers of Ohio
Rivers of Allen County, Ohio
Rivers of Putnam County, Ohio
Rivers of Paulding County, Ohio
Rivers of Defiance County, Ohio
Tributaries of Lake Erie
The Jump River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in northern Wisconsin.
Jump River may also refer to:
Jump River (town), Wisconsin, in Taylor County
Jump River (community), Wisconsin, an unincorporated community located in the town, on the banks of the Jump River
See also
Jump (disambiguation)
The old German government headquarters situated in Douala is a building constructed in 1891 by the Germans in a classical Prussian style.
History
Between 1891 and 1901, the building hosted the first German administrative headquarters in Cameroon. The headquarters were then transferred to Buea, and then back to Douala in 1908 following the eruption of Mount Cameroon.
The first German Governor, Julius von Soden, in office from 1885 to 1891, divided the country into administrative areas. Von Soden launched military campaigns mostly within the hinterland, subjecting local kingdoms and imposing the German flag and law. Their successor, Eugen von Zimmerer institutionalized the police through a decision dated 16 October 1891, as well as the colonial army, i.e. the Schutztruppe. The latter was composed by German officers, black slave soldiers bought or enrolled in Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Gabon and Sierra Leone. The Schutztruppe was assembled to complete the military conquest and maintain the colonial empire, which was challenged by local resistance up to the First World War.
During the French Mandate, the capital was moved to Yaoundé, with the decree of 1 March 1921 and the High Commissioner Delegate occupied the building. The building currently hosts Douala 1st district sous-préfécture.
In 2006 the building is highlighted by an urban sign produced by doual'art and designed by Sandrine Dole; the sign presents an historical image of the building and a description of its history.
Architecture
It was one of the first structures in the heights of the Joss plateau of Douala built in concrete. Originally, it featured a flat roof of concrete-wood, covered with a 30 cm thick layer of sand. This structure did not endure the heavy rains and was replaced in the 1900 by a four-slopes roof.
See also
Kamerun
References
Further reading
Old German government headquarters in Douala Ville d'art et d'histoire, doual'art, Douala, 2006.
Buildings and structures in Douala
Buildings and structures completed in 1891
Kamerun
Pay for performance may refer to:
Pay for performance (human resources), a system of employee payment in the United States that links compensation to measures of work quality or goals
Pay for performance (healthcare), an emerging movement in health insurance in Britain and the United States, in which providers are rewarded for quality of healthcare system
Pay-for-Performance (Federal Government), proposed and implemented systems of incentive pay based on job performance metrics. See also "Federal Government Merit Pay" section in merit pay
Pay for play, money is exchanged for services
See also
Compensation of employees
Incentive program
Merit pay
Performance-related pay
The Black Prince is a 2017 international historical drama film directed by Kavi Raz and featuring the acting debut of Satinder Sartaaj. It tells the story of Duleep Singh, the last Maharajah of the Sikh Empire and the Punjab area, and their relationship with Queen Victoria.
The story revolves around the young prince as they attempt both to regain their throne and reconcile themselves with the two cultures of their Indian birth and British education.
Plot
After the death of their father, Maharajah Ranjit Singh, the previous ruler of the Sikh empire, Maharaja Duleep Singh is placed on the throne at the age of five. In 1849, when Punjab is annexed to British India, the young prince is removed from the throne and separated from their mother.  They are put under the guardianship of British surgeon Dr. John Login. At the age of 15, Duleep Singh is sent to England where they meet Queen Victoria. A relationship between the two develops.
Duleep Singh is eventually able to reestablish contact with their mother and as a result begins to reconnect with the culture of their birth. Duleep attempts to return to India to reclaim their kingdom, but is continually thwarted by British colonial politics.
Cast
Satinder Sartaaj as Duleep Singh
Amanda Root as Queen Victoria
Jason Flemyng as Dr Login
Ameet Chana as Aziz-Ud-din
Joe Egan as Ishris Reval
David Essex as Colonel Hurban
Madhurima Tuli as Young Maharani Jinda
Shabana Azmi as Maharani Jinda
Keith Duffy as Casey
Kumud Pant as Arur Singh's Protect Soldier
Atul Sharma as Hotel Manager
Leanne Joyce as Ada Wetherill
James Weber Brown as General Charles Carroll Tevis
Arinder Sadhra as Mangla
Lyndon Ogbourne Sir O Butan
Sandeep Bhojak as Duleep Singh's Protect Soldier
Sophie Stevens as Bamba Muller
Ranjit Singh Shubh as Thakur Singh
Malcolm Freeman as Brigadier General Hogg
Jobanpreet Singh as Herra Singh
Emma Kenny as Lady Login
Tony Hasnath as Victor Duleep Singh
Adeera Brar as Sophia Duleep Singh
Ana Correia as the prince's bride Catherine Duleep Singh
Courtney Sinclair as a Victorian lady
Production
Development
Written and directed by Los Angeles-based Indian filmmaker Kavi Raz, The Black Prince stars the singer Satinder Sartaaj in their acting debut.
On the relationship between Duleep and the Queen, producer Jasjeet Singh noted: "What's striking is that the British government treated them terribly, but throughout their life, there was a relationship of great fondness between them and Queen Victoria."
The Black Prince was produced by Brillstein Entertainment Partners; it is a bilingual English-Hindi production. The movie is set in India and the UK.
Music
George Kallis composed the music for The Black Prince.
The lead actor, Sartaaj, also wrote and performed some of the songs appearing in the film
Release
The Black Prince premiered at the Manchester Film Festival on 3 March 2017 and was released worldwide on 21 July 2017. It was also released in two dubbed versions: Punjabi and Hindi.
Reception
Critical response
The Black Prince has received generally unfavorable reviews, with most critics decrying the slow pacing as letting down the genuinely interesting subject matter, the Hindustan Times critic said: "The script is sluggish and painfully slow paced."
Of the actors, Shabana Azmi, playing the prince's mother Rani Jindan, was singled out as one of the better performers.
As of March 2018, 8% of the 13 reviews compiled by Rotten Tomatoes are positive and have an average score of 4.1 out of 10.
Box office
According to Box Office Mojo, The Black Prince has grossed $633,000 in three territories. The film grossed $194,000 in its opening weekend, with $106,000 earned in the United Kingdom, $8,000 in New Zealand and $80,000 in Australia.
See also
Maharaja Duleep Singh
References
External links
Punjabi-language Indian films
2017 biographical drama films
2010s historical films
2017 films
Biographical films about royalty
Cultural depictions of Queen Victoria on film
Indian historical romance films
Films scored by George Kallis
Films set in the Sikh Empire
Films about Sikhism
Ranjit Singh
Films set in the British Raj
Films set in London
Films about royalty
2017 drama films
In the 1961 Virginia gubernatorial election, incumbent Governor J. Lindsay Almond, a Democrat, was unable to seek re-election due to term limits. H. Clyde Pearson was nominated by the Republican Party to run against former Democratic Attorney General of Virginia Albertis Harrison.
Candidates
Albertis S. Harrison, Jr., former Attorney General of Virginia (D), who defeated Allie Edward Stakes Stephens.
H. Clyde Pearson, (R), former member of the Virginia House of Delegates
Results
References
Gubernatorial
1961
Virginia
November 1961 events in the United States
US Wind is an offshore wind energy development company founded in 2011 that is a subsidiary of Italy-based Renexia SpA, part of Toto Holdings. It is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland. Since 2014, it has been involved in one of the largest offshore wind farm projects in the United States.
In 2014 US Wind won the auction for a 25-year lease for both Wind Energy Areas (WEA) in Maryland established by the BOEM with a bid of $8.7 million; they were later consolidated into one WEA. Development of their project was hindered by the uncertainty of government direction since the state legislature and local governments are considering banning certain areas and increasing the distance from the shoreline for wind turbines. As of the summer of 2016 US Wind had completed underwater surveys of the potential sites about a dozen miles off the coast of Maryland and was submitting plans for environmental review by year end. The project had gained initial approval in 2017 and was reviewed in 2019 when a change in turbine heights was introduced. Studies of the site were begun in April 2021.
The company had also acquired a lease for the New Jersey WEA North, which it later sold. It's also pursuing WEA leases in South Carolina.
US Wind has committed to the development of a wind port and steel factory at Tradepoint Atlantic in Sparrows Point, Maryland.
Projects
See also
List of offshore wind farms in the United States
References
Wind farms in Maryland
Offshore wind farms in the United States
Ocean City, Maryland
Worcester County, Maryland
Wind power companies of the United States
Zatrephes brunnea is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Mauritania competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
Results by event
Athletics
Men
Track and road events
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1996 Summer Olympics
1996
Oly
Yuriy Mykhaylovych Romenskyi (; born 1 August 1952 in Mingachevir, Azerbaijani SSR) is a retired Soviet football player and a former FC Chornomorets Odesa goalkeeping coach.
Born in Azerbaijan Romensky settled in Ukraine since 1978 when they moved to Odessa after joining FC Chornomorets Odesa. They retired sometime in 1984 and then worked as a coach or football consultant. On the question "Who is the best Ukrainian goalkeeper?" they answered – "Yevhen Rudakov".
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1980, 1981.
International career
Romensky made their debut for USSR on 19 November 1978 in a friendly against Japan. They played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).
In 1979 Romensky played couple of games for Ukraine at the Spartakiad of the Peoples of the USSR.
References
External links
Profile
1952 births
Living people
People from Mingachevir
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
FC Chornomorets Odesa players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
Soviet Top League players
Merited Coaches of Ukraine
Association football goalkeepers
Neftçi PFK players
Carmen Silva-Corvalán is a Professor Emerita of Spanish and Portuguese Linguistics at the University of Southern California, where they taught since they obtained their doctoral degree at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1979. Silva-Corvalán has published extensively on bilingualism and language contact, and on the semantic and discourse-pragmatic constraints which condition syntactic variation. Silva-Corvalan was one of the four chief editors of Bilingualism: Language and Cognition, Cambridge University Press.
Research
Bilingual language acquisition: Spanish and English in the first six years
In their 2014 book, Carmen Silva-Corvalán describes how they studied the development of bilingual language acquisition. Throughout this book they present their findings of a longitudinal study they ran focusing on two developing English-Spanish bilinguals. Silva-Corvalán studied how these children can simultaneously learn two languages at the same time (Ruiz-Sanchez, 2015). The purpose of this study is to investigate the how much exposure and use of the two languages is needed in order to achieve proficiency in the language and its grammar. The two bilinguals that were studied are brothers from Los Angeles who they follow across several transitional periods for six years. Them main findings of this study were how many different factors play a part in providing explanations for language acquisition. These factors include the child's proficiency in the language and their amount exposure to the language. Silva-Corvalán's study has deepened our understanding of early bilingual language acquisition and Spanish language acquisition in general (Ruiz-Sanchez, 2015).
Extension of ""
Silva-Corvalán was interested in learning more about the changing and death of language. When two languages are introduced to one another, a primary and a secondary, the primary language typically has more influence over the secondary language. Silva-Corvalán explored the use of the verb estar in bilingual Spanish speakers to better understand this phenomenon. They wanted to discover how estar has changed in bilingual usage, why estar was so adaptable for the wide application, and how bilingual contact affected this change. Silva-Corvalán discovered that estar had a decrease in meaning over time, and began to be used in a greater range of contexts. The distinction between and had lessened. There is a universal tendency of semantic bleaching, which is the loss of meaning or emphasis of a word over time, that is present in estar. This semantic bleaching is a result of the variety of Spanish speakers interacting with the English-speaking population in Los Angeles. This linguistic contact was the catalyst for a change from within Spanish. Overall, Silva-Corvalán found that direct English influences on this simplification were difficult to spot; these finding are similar to Nancy C. Dorian and their studies on the East Sutherland Gaelic (ESG) language in 1978.
Spanish by third-generation children
Carmen Silva-Corvalán has mainly focused their career on bilingualism. In a 2014 study Carmen examined the changes that Spanish goes through in 3 generations with an emphasis on grammatical aspects of Bilingual First Language Acquisition. The first generation were foreign born who moved to the United States around age 8 and Spanish was their first language. The second and third generation were born in the United States. Silva-Corvalán found that throughout the three generations there was a preference of using English instead of Spanish when communicating with family and friends. Silva-Corvalan's study also provided evidence that children living in the home with grandparents can help with learning Spanish. The presence of Spanish monolingual grandparents in the daily lives of younger generations creates a necessity for the development of the second language. Silva-Corvalán found that there are several factors that play a role in the acquisition of language. These factors include amount of exposure to the language, attitudes toward the language, age at which the children are exposed to the language, and the presence of other languages in their home or community. Them study supports that older bilingual siblings receive more input from the parents and therefore reach a higher level of proficiency in both languages. Carmen Silva-Corvalán found in their study that the most critical factor that helped the children acquire both languages was positive family attitude. The parents encouraged the children to learn both languages, regularly conversed with them in both languages, and pointed out grammatical errors. In their study they found that third generation bilingual children do not show any differences in the development of language when compared to monolingual children. Monolingual and bilingual children go through the same stages of languages from babbling, to first words, combination of words, formation of sentences, and conversations. Silva-Corvalán's study also found that code-switching also depends on the input of the adults. If the adults code-switch when having a conversation or do not stop the child's alternation between languages, then as the child's communication develops their code-switching will continue.
Limits of convergence in language
Carmen Silva-Corvalán writes about the contact situation with English and Spanish languages, and how it led to the formation of Spanglish. Contact situation is the persevering of a minority language while switching to English .Contact situation has been found to be present in many groups of Spanish speaking immigrants in the United States. Contact situation brings about societal bilingualism, which occurs when one has not fully grasped their native language, and comes into contact with a new language. Due to many Spanish speaking immigrants, this has created a cross language called Spanglish. Spanglish is the mixture of both Spanish and English. Carmen Silva-Corvalán tries to prove that societal bilingualism is not dependent on syntax, but dependent on lexicon and pragmatics. The source language transfers through both lexical units and situational acts, and in doing this the syntax of the recipient language does not change, while the recipient language only changes at a societal level; because of this, when individuals find themselves needing to communicate and think quickly, Spanglish is used.
Selected publications
Silva-Corvalán, Carmen (1994) Language Contact and Change: Spanish in Los Angeles, Oxford University Press
Silva-Corvalán, Carmen (2001) "Sociolingüística y Pragmática del Español", Georgetown University Press.
Silva-Corvalán, Carmen (2014) "Bilingual Language Acquisition. Spanish and English in the First Six Years", Cambridge University Press.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Bilingualism and second-language acquisition researchers
University of Southern California faculty
Women linguists
Papis Loveday (born 3 January 1977) is a Senegalese model and fashion entrepreneur. They gained fame through a United Colors of Benetton worldwide campaign in 2003. In 2011 they founded the brand Papis Loveday, which includes a fragrance line, champagne brand and denim and jeans collection.
Biography
Childhood and discovery
Loveday was born in Dakar. Their mother was a diplomat and their father a medical doctor. They have 6 siblings and 19 half-siblings. They graduated from a private high school in Dakar. As a teenager they pursued a career in athletics and was most successful in the 400 metre sprint. With the support of a national sports scholarship, they moved to Paris, where they studied computer science.
Loveday was discovered by a sport photographer during their preparations for the athletics world cup.
Career
Loveday began modelling in 2003. They signed a contract with Riccardo Gay Model Management in Milan. A few weeks later, United Colors of Benetton booked them for a worldwide advertising campaign which was photographed by Oliviero Toscani. Shortly after, they were featured in a campaign by Italian footwear label Debut together with supermodel Natasha Poly. Further contracts with the agencies Major Model Management in Paris, DNA Model Management in New York City, AMCK Models in London and Louisa Models in Munich followed. From 2005 to 2008 Loveday was considered the most booked black male model of the world. They worked for the houses of Dior Homme, Valentino, Armani and Vivienne Westwood among others. They walked the runways at Milan and Paris Fashion Weeks for Lanvin, Thierry Mugler, Givenchy, Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent.
In 2009, Loveday switched to Milanese agency Joy Model Management. That year, they appeared in a worldwide campaign for Etro. Loveday was featured on the covers of several fashion magazines, including Ibiza Style Magazine, The Untitled Magazine, Style Up Your Life!, Hype, Posh and The Trend Issue. They were also featured in editorials of magazines including GQ, Vogue hommes, BMM, Cosmopolitan and Collecioni.
Loveday was voted “Best Model of the World”, by Turkish TV station TV8 in 2009. The readers of German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung elected Loveday as “Munich citizen of the year” in 2012.
TV
Loveday appeared as a guest judge on Austria's Next Topmodel, Germany's Next Topmodel and Die Model WG. In 2014 Loveday became a regular judge on Austria's Next Topmodel. In 2018 they became a judge and coach on Switzerland's Next Topmodel.
In December 2015 and January 2016, Loveday presented their first television series Austria's Next Topmodel Real Life by Papis Loveday, which was produced in Hong Kong and aired on Puls 4. The show documented Loveday mentoring and coaching six novice models in a similar format to the Top Model series.
In August 2021, Loveday was a contestant on the ninth season of Promi Big Brother. Loveday, who had never publicly disclosed their sexuality before, talked about these experiences with homophobia and racism on the show. Loveday reached the finale on August 27 where they came in fourth place.
Papis Loveday
In 2011 Loveday founded, in cooperation with a business partner, the company “baobab holding GmbH”, which is based in Munich. It is licensed to globally registered trademarks to the name Papis Loveday, Loveday Jeans and Champagne Papis.
Champagne Papis
The champagne brand was established in 2012. It is listed in several international hotel chains. Since 2015 Champagne Papis gained a large demand in the Asian market. The renowned wine magazine Falstaff evaluated the quality of the champagne, in the course of a blind tasting by a professional jury, and honored it with 90 points. In a further explanation the magazine categorized Champagne Papis as “Excellent champagne, among the best of the year”. Currently the sorts Champagne Papis brut “black edition” and Champagne Papis rosé are available in the market.
Loveday Jeans
As a result of a license agreement with Düsseldorf based Ben and GmbH, the denim brand Loveday Jeans was created. The label's collections are developed by former Diesel designers under the supervision of Loveday and are exclusively produced in Italy. After several established collections the brand is today represented in the assortment of 180 shops in Europe. It has also opened showrooms in Milan, Düsseldorf and Munich. Furthermore, the label featured among others Austria's Next Topmodel winner Oliver Stummvoll in various advertising campaigns.
Social engagement
Since 2010 Loveday has been a UNESCO-Ambassador with the UNESCO Foundation for children in need and is promoting UNESCO at public appearances.  They are primarily dedicated to projects in Senegal.
References
External links
Official website
Official website of Papis Loveday's (brand) market activity
1977 births
Living people
German fashion businesspeople
German fashion designers
German male models
German philanthropists
Gay models
Besses o' th' Barn Band is an English brass band that has been in existence in the Besses o' th' Barn area of Whitefield, Greater Manchester since at least 1818. A junior section, Besses Boys' Band, was established in 1943.
Origins
Besses o' th' Barn Band was in existence by 1818 and probably originally called Clegg's Reed Band, after a local cotton manufacturer and keyed bugle player, John Clegg. It may have been called Stand Band for a period soon after that. Stand is an area of Whitefield close to Besses o' th' Barn.
The instruments used by the band in its early years were more varied than later became the case. Describing the Besses assemblage of 1818 as "extraordinarily haphazard", J. H. Elliot lists among its instruments the bass horn, clarinet, drums, French horn, keyed bugle, piccolo, trombone, and trumpet. In 1853, Besses became an all-brass band.
A census of 1896 indicated that there were 40,000 brass bands in the United Kingdom, and Trevor Herbert describes Besses as "The most remarkably forward-looking and entrepreneurial band of the nineteenth century". In the 1880s, the band bought a building at Moss Lane, Whitefield, from which to operate. Having enjoyed considerable success by 1887, it was decided to establish the band as a limited company called the Besses o' th' Barn Old Band Union Limited.
Contests
The costs associated with operating a brass band in the 19th century included providing and maintaining instruments, uniforms and rehearsal facilities, as well as purchasing sheet music and paying conductors for their services. While a few bands were able to obtain patronage from wealthy sponsors, most relied on membership subscriptions, public appeals and concerts for their income. The latter was particularly significant but noteworthy institutions such as Besses and the Black Dyke Band earned large sums from participating in contests. Although there had been a few contests before 1850, they came to the fore after that time and owe much to the enterprise of Enderby Jackson, a man who promoted contests and liaised with railway companies to provide excursion arrangements for the contestants and spectators. Entrants to contests were expected not to be professional musicians, but participants for bands such as Besses supplemented their income with payments received for playing.
The two major contests were the British Open and the National Championships, but there were many other more local events. By the 1870s, the roster of instruments permitted for use in contests had been codified and the number of members in a competing band was generally set at 24.
Recordings
Public interest in contests was in decline from the 1950s but Besses was among the bands that had diversified into recording its output. Sales of recordings continued to be significant for another decade. Among the band's earliest recordings was Edward German's Henry VIII Morris Dance in May 1904. Although instrumentation remains the same today as it was then, Arnold Myers notes that the instruments have "evolved" in the interim and that, "In general, the modern band is louder and thicker, the late Victorian band brighter, lighter, and crisper". The quality of the earliest recordings tends to obscure this.
A list of known Besses recordings since 1904 is as follows:
78 rpm records
Rock of Ages / Sovereignty
Nearer My God to Thee / Fierce Raged The Tempest
Jerusalem the Golden / Jesus Christ Has Risen Today
Rock of Ages / Sovereignty
The Church's One Foundation / Lead Kindly Light
Deep Harmony / Lascelles
Bradford / Rimmington
I passed By Your Window / Besses o' the Barn Duet
The Victors Return / Land of the Kangaroo
Barcarolle from Tales of Hoffmann / Pilgrims Chorus from Tanhouser
Distant Greeting / After Sunset (Intermezzo)
Dot and Carrie Polka / Hailstorm
Edwinstone / Harvey House
With Sword and lance
The Conqueror
Solferino
LP records
Variety in Brass
Your Favourite Hymns
Alex Owen 60th Anniversary
Music from Vale Royal
Well done Lads
Pride of the North
Besses in Australia
Viva Vivaldi
Showcase for Brass
Heritage of the March – Volume LLL
Heritage of the March – Volume IIII
20th Century Soloists
Well Done Lads
Hymns and Things
Digital recordings
Capriccio Brilliant (Frank Bryce, 1973)
Hymns and Things (Roy Newsome, 1982)
Concertos for Brass (Roy Newsome, 1982)
Heritage of the March v. 3 (Roy Newsome, 1983)
Showcase for Brass (Roy Newsome, 1983)
British Bandsman (Roy Newsome, 1987)
4. Brass Band Recordings.com
a. Disk 3 – 1 x track Willie Wood
b. Disk 18 – 2 x tracks Willie Wood
c. Disk 133 – 2 x tracks Ifor James
d. Disk 177 – 8 tracks Roy Newsome
e. Disk 196 – Besses Boys x 7 Barrie Chappel
f. Disk 197 – 9 tracks Roy Newsome
g. Disk 254 – 7 tracks Frank Bryce
h. Disk 258 – 9 tracks Roy Newsome
Tours
The band made two "world tours" in the early 1900s, one between 1906 and 1908 and the other also lasting for more than a year. With Alexander Owen as its conductor, the band visited Australia, Canada, Fiji, Hawaii, New Zealand, South Africa and the USA. A tour of Canada between August and October 1932 saw them play 112 concerts.
Besses Boys' Band
Besses Boys' Band was formed in October 1943, having been preceded from 1940 by classes that taught musical theory and practice. There had been a trend for the creation of junior bands since around the early 1930s. J. C. Wright was the first bandmaster and senior members assisted in teaching the newcomers, who numbered around 60 boys within a year. Besses Band faced "massive problems" during the Second World War and the new section ensured its survival.
The Boys' Band won the National Youth Band Championships in five of the six years between inauguration of the competition in 1945 and its demise in 1950. It was ineligible to compete in 1948 because the rules stipulated that a band that had won on three consecutive occasions could not compete.
Peter Skellern was a notable member. They had success as a singer-pianist and entertainer, sometimes collaborating with the Grimethorpe Colliery Band in recordings, on television and on stage.
See also
Brass band sections in the United Kingdom
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
– Besses Band
– Besses Boys' Band
1818 establishments in England
British brass bands
Musical groups from Lancashire
People from Bury, Greater Manchester
Besses o' th' Barn
John A. Wright (born August 5, 1954) is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Wright was the Majority Caucus Chairman in the Oklahoma House of Representatives before they were soundly defeated in the Republican Party's 2010 Primary for Lieutenant Governor by the eventual winner, Todd Lamb.
Personal
Wright was born in Erie, Pennsylvania, August 5, 1954. Their parents are Dr. and Mrs. Robert B. Wright.  They are married to Debra Lynn (Persing), they have one child Ashley. Wright received a B.S. from Jacksonville University in Jacksonville, Florida (1976) and is a private pilot.
Political career
Wright began serving in the Oklahoma State Legislature during the 47th legislature. Due to Oklahoma's term limits on legislators they will be term limited in 2010. Wright announced in 2009 that they will seek the office of Oklahoma's Lieutenant Governor. According to a poll taken June 22, 2010 by Soonerpoll.com, Wright will receive 17% of the vote in the primary election. This puts them 7.1 points behind Todd Lamb who in the same poll got 24.1%. The margin of error was ± 5.4%. Wright received 17.55% of the primary's votes, a far-distant second to Todd Lamb's 66.84%.
Rep. Wright lost the Lieutenant Governor's Republican primary election to then State Senator Todd Lamb.
References
http://soonerpoll.com/many-file-for-lieutenant-governor-leader-emerges-as-primaries-loom/
1954 births
Living people
Politicians from Erie, Pennsylvania
Oklahoma Republicans
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Jacksonville University alumni
The Santa Ana Volcano or Ilamatepec () is a large stratovolcano located in the Santa Ana department of El Salvador. At above sea level, it is the highest volcano in the country. It is located immediately west of Coatepeque Caldera.
The volcano was the inspiration for one of the active volcanoes in Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's famous French novella (The Little Prince), based on their life with their Salvadoran wife Consuelo de Saint Exupéry, who was The Rose in the story.
Geography
The summit of Santa Ana features four nested calderas and volcanic craters, with the innermost containing a small crater lake. Collapse of the summit during the late Pleistocene (inferring from underlying soil samples, the upper age limit is no more than 57,000 years ago) produced a massive debris avalanche that reached the Pacific Ocean, forming the Acajutla Peninsula. Subsequent eruptions have largely rebuilt the edifice.
There have been numerous historical eruptions since the 16th century, both at the summit and from cinder cones on the lower flanks, and also the flank vents of San Marcelino located east of Santa Ana. The San Marcelino vents erupted in 1722 and flowed eastwards for 11 km, destroying the village of San Juan Tecpan.
In October, 2005, the volcano erupted, killing at least two people, injuring seven people, forcing many people to flee their villages. The volcano spat rocks for over with rocks the size of cars. The eruption contributed to the damage from Hurricane Stan. The most recent previous eruption had been in 1904.
Climate
The climate on the northeast facing slope of the volcano sees substantial rainfall in the summer months. Located at 13.9 N, 89.6 W, altitude : 1770 m, the climate is classified as a subtropical highland climate (Köppen Cwb).
See also
List of volcanoes in El Salvador
List of stratovolcanoes
References
Notes
Sources
Sheets P D, 2004. Apocalypse then: social science approaches to volcanism, people, and cultures in the Zapotitan Valley, El Salvador. Rose W. I., Bommer J. J., Lopez D. L., Carr M. J., Major J. J. (eds), Natural Hazards in El Salvador. Bolder, Colorado, Geological Society of America Special Paper 375, pp 109–120.
Siebert, L. Kimberly, P., and Pullinger, C.R, 2004, The voluminous Acajulta debris avalanche from Santa Ana Volcano, western El Salvador, and comparison with other Central American edifice-failure evens, in Rose, W.I. et al., Natural Hazards in El Salvador. Boulder, Colorado, Geological Society of America Special Paper 375, pp 5–23.
External links
Nasa Earth Observatory article and image.
Stratovolcanoes of El Salvador
Subduction volcanoes
Active volcanoes
Mountains of El Salvador
Calderas of Central America
Volcanic crater lakes
Pleistocene stratovolcanoes
Holocene stratovolcanoes
Massac County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 15,429. Established in 1843 and named for a French fort founded in the 18th century, its county seat is Metropolis.
Massac County is included in the Paducah, KY-IL Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is located along the Ohio River, in the portion of the state known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
This area was occupied by various cultures of indigenous peoples for thousands of years before European contact. Evidence has been found of indigenous occupancy since the Archaic Period (8000 to 2000 BCE). More development took place in the Early Woodland period, such as the Adena culture (1000 to 200 BCE). Middle and Late Woodland occupancy continued to about 1000CE, before the rise of the Mississippian culture along the Mississippi River and its major tributaries. It influenced a continent-wide trading and cultural network.
The most complex and last indigenous culture was that of the Mississippian. The people at this time developed a large settlement during the period 1050CE to 1400-1450CE. At what is known as the Kincaid Site, considered a chiefdom of a stratified society, the people built a total of 19 complex earthwork mounds, including an elite burial mound, and great plaza as the monuments at the center of a large residential settlement.
This site is now operated by the state and is designated as a National Historic Landmark. The people abandoned the site about 1500, perhaps because of environmental reasons, such as running out of timber or game. No evidence has been found that any historic Native American tribes occupied the site in the centuries before European-American settlement. This did not take place until three centuries later, with most occurring 400 years later.
While this was part of the Illinois Country claimed by French explorers, this area was barely settled by their colonists. Most French colonial villages, such as Prairie du Rocher, were close to the Mississippi River. During the French and Indian War against the British, the French built a fort here in 1757. It was named Fort Massac after Claude Louis d'Espinchal, Marquis de Massiac, the French Naval Minister. Massiac is a commune in Cantal, France. The county was later named after Massac.
After the American Revolution, initially this area was settled by people from the South, who migrated along the Ohio River. Southern Illinois was given the colloquial name of "Little Egypt." Massac County was not formally organized until February 8, 1843, when population had increased, and it was made up of territory from both Johnson and Pope counties. It was developed for agriculture.
In the mid-19th century, after the revolutions of 1848, Illinois received many German immigrants, who changed the politics of the county. They were pro-Union and the Republican Party at the time of the American Civil War and after, whereas the ethnic Southerners had favored the Confederacy and Democratic Party. The ethnic German descendants today comprise nearly one-third of the population of Massac County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.9%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Metropolis have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1984 and a record high of was recorded in July 1999. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in August to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 24
U.S. Route 45
Illinois Route 145
Illinois Route 169
Adjacent counties
Pope County - north
Livingston County, Kentucky - east
McCracken County, Kentucky - south
Pulaski County - west
Johnson County - northwest
National protected area
Shawnee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2010
Whereas according to the 2010 U.S. Census Bureau:
91.0% White
5.9% Black
0.4% Native American
0.3% Asian
0.0% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
2.0% Two or more races
0.4% Other races
1.9% Hispanic or Latino (of any race)
2010
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 15,429 people, 6,362 households, and 4,242 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,113 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.0% white, 5.9% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.7% were German, 16.1% were Irish, 8.5% were English, and 8.5% were American.
Of the 6,362 households, 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.3% were non-families, and 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.91. The median age was 42.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,077 and the median income for a family was $51,794. Males had a median income of $46,231 versus $25,717 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,216. About 9.7% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Brookport
Metropolis
Village
Joppa
Unincorporated communities
Big Bay
Boaz
Hillerman
Midway
New Columbia
Round Knob
Shady Grove
Unionville
Forts
Fort Massac
Politics
In its pre-Civil War history, the people of Massac County, which like most of Southern Illinois was settled by Southerners, were strongly Democratic. While Illinois was a free state, people of this region were opposed to the abolitionist politics of the northern regions of the state. County voters chose Democratic candidates in every Presidential election up to and including 1860.
But the region also had numerous ethnic Germans who had arrived after the revolutions of 1848. They favored the Union, and provided a number of Union soldiers rivaled on a per-capita basis only by a few fiercely Unionist counties in Appalachia. For the next century, Massac County voters favored Republican candidates for the presidency. During this period, the county's voters gave a plurality to every Republican nominee. They supported William Howard Taft in 1912, when the GOP was bitterly divided. During the Great Depression, Franklin D. Roosevelt lost the county in 1936 by a greater margin than they did in 1932, when their popularity elsewhere increased as people benefited from government programs. Between 1896 and 1928, no Democratic presidential candidate gained thirty percent of the county's vote.
In the 1964 election, following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and during the Vietnam War, incumbent Lyndon Johnson was the first Democrat in 104 years to carry Massac County. Locally voters opposed Barry Goldwater's economic policies and their Deep Southern orientation. Southern Evangelical Jimmy Carter marginally bettered LBJ's performance in 1976. Bill Clinton won a larger plurality in 1992, due to a third-party challenge from Ross Perot.
But, since 2000 the conservative whites have shifted to the Republican Party in favoring presidential candidates. Some analysts say the conservatives changed parties because of socio-cultural issues. In 2016 Hillary Clinton won 23.3 percent share of the county's vote, the lowest by a Democrat since John W. Davis in their landslide 1924 loss. In 2020 they gave Donald Trump 73.3% of their vote and Joe Biden 25.3%. Overall, state voters favored Biden, who won the election in both popular and electoral college votes.
The county was the only county in Illinois to vote against Barack Obama in both of their presidential runs, their 2004 Senate run, and the 2008 Democratic Primary, where a majority of residents voted for Hillary Clinton instead. However, the county did unanimously vote for Obama in the 2012 Democratic presidential primary, where Obama ran unopposed, the only time that Obama won the county.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Massac County, Illinois
Massac County High School
References
External links
Massac County Sheriff's Office
1843 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Southern Illinois
Illinois counties on the Ohio River
Paducah micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1843
The Cuyama Valley (Chumash: Kuyam, meaning "Clam") is a valley along the Cuyama River in central California, in northern Santa Barbara, southern San Luis Obispo, southwestern Kern, and northwestern Ventura counties. It is about two hours driving time from both Los Angeles and the Santa Barbara area.
It is a sparsely inhabited area containing two primary towns – Cuyama and New Cuyama, and also Ventucopa. The land is largely used for ranching, agriculture, and oil and gas production. California State Route 166 runs along most of the east/west length of the valley, connecting the Kern County and the southern San Joaquin Valley with Santa Maria and coastal Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo Counties. State Route 33 runs north/south through the eastern end of the valley, connecting the southern San Joaquin Valley with Ojai and coastal Ventura County.
Geography
The valley encompasses an area of approximately . It is bounded on all sides by mountains: the Sierra Madre Mountains along the south and west, La Panza Range on the north, and Caliente Range along the northeast − all of the California Coast Ranges System; and the San Emigdio Mountains on the east − of the Transverse Ranges System.
The headwaters of the Cuyama River are just north of Pine Mountain Summit on State Route 33. The valley widens from the river's entry to a maximum width near the highway junction of Routes 166 and 33, near the corner of the four counties. Then it narrows again as the river flows west out of the valley through a narrow canyon between the Sierra Madre and La Panza ranges, to the Santa Maria Valley and its river mouth on the Pacific Ocean.
The agricultural fields are in the center of the valley, near the Cuyama Highway junction and the two primary towns, where the alluvium is rich and the valley is a wide floodplain.
North of the major portion of the valley is the Caliente Range rises, over which is the Carrizo Plain, a much larger inland valley. To the southeast is the high backcountry of Ventura County, which includes the highest summit in the region, Mount Pinos and other features of the San Emigdio Mountains. The far eastern end of the valley the San Andreas Faultzone crosses, and forms a low jumble of hills which Route 166 passes over to reach the southwestern San Joaquin Valley, with Maricopa, I−5, and Bakersfield.
The Los Padres National Forest lands are adjacent to the Cuyama Valley on the south, east, and northwest sides. Much of the land to the northeast, including most of the Caliente Range, is managed by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM).
Geology
Geologically, the valley is an alluvium-filled synclinal basin, at an elevation of approximately 2,000 to 2,500 feet (600 to 800 meters). Most of the rocks are sedimentary, and the Miocene-age Monterey Formation outcrops to the south, in the foothills of the Sierra Madre. Pliocene and Pleistocene sedimentary formations occur in the foothills along the south side of the valley as well. The large Morales Thrust Fault separates the abruptly-rising block of the Caliente Range from the valley itself on the north. Scenic badlands occur in the upper reaches of the valley, north and northeast of Pine Mountain Summit; they are reachable from Route 33 via Lockwood Valley Road.
Climate
The climate of the valley is semi-arid with hot summers and cool winters. Almost all precipitation occurs in the winter in the form of rain, although snow has fallen on occasion; only five inches of rain falls annually on the valley floor, making it the driest place in coastal Central California. Since the valley is open to the sea, there is occasional marine influence. The principal native vegetation on the valley floor is grassland and scrub, with chaparral and oak woodland in the hills to the south.
History
The native inhabitants of the valley were Chumash. The name "Cuyama" comes from a village named for the Chumash word kuyam, meaning "clam" or "freshwater mollusk". In addition to kuyam, other Chumash communities in the Cuyama Valley included Sxaliwilimu', Lishawato'w, and Tsiwikon. Although the Spanish arrived in 1769 in California, the Cuyama Valley Chumash had little interaction with the Spanish until 1801. Between 1801 and 1822, over 400 people from the Cuyama Valley were baptized into Spanish missions. Over half went to Mission La Purisima, while most of the others were incorporated into Mission San Luis Obispo, Mission Santa Ines, and Mission Santa Barbara—all Chumash missions. Pacomio was a Cuyama Valley man baptized into Mission La Purisima in 1803. The decade 1811 to 1822 was a period when Spain ceased to subsidize missions. This put pressure on native Christians to produce more and to pay a tax to sustain the suddenly unpaid military. As a result, Cuyama Valley people made a transition to mission life at a tense time. In 1824, Pacomio was a leader in the multi-mission Chumash uprising. In 1825, newly independent Mexico sent a governor to California who liberated accomplished craftsmen from mission life. Pacomio became a free carpenter in Monterey, the Mexican capital of California, where they served on the town council. They died in 1844 of smallpox.
Near the end of the Mexican period of Alta California the valley was split into two land grants along the Cuyama River, the Rancho Cuyama de Rojo in 1843, and the Rancho Cuyama de Lataillade) in 1846. The main land use in the second half of the 19th century was cattle grazing, although some homesteading took place in the latter part, especially in the side canyons where there was more water. In 1939, the first successful water wells using a pumping system were drilled. The groundwater aquifer is deep below the Cuyama Valley. The availability of irrigation water introduced agricultural crops into the region with the grazing of cattle continuing.
Little further economic development took place in the Cuyama Valley until the discovery of oil in 1948 at the Russell Ranch Oil Field, and more significantly in 1949 at the much larger South Cuyama Oil Field. Richfield Oil Company, later part of ARCO, built the town of New Cuyama to house the oil workers and their associated services. They shipped the oil pumped from these two fields by pipeline to their refinery near Long Beach. For a brief time in the early 1950s, the Cuyama Valley was the fourth-most productive oil region of California.
As oil production declined − only about two percent of the South Cuyama Field's oil is estimated to remain − the main economic activity in the valley again became agriculture, although with the sharp rise in the price of oil in 2007 and 2008, petroleum exploration has again been of interest.
Recently E&B Natural Resources purchased the rights to develop the South Cuyama Oil Field from Hallador Petroleum.
See also
References
Charles W. Jennings and Rudolph G. Strand. Geologic Map of California, Los Angeles Sheet. State of California, Division of Mines and Geology. 1969.
Dennis W. Lantis, Rodney Steiner, Arthur E. Karinen: California, Land of Contrast, 3rd edition. Kendall/Hunt Publishing Company, Dubuque Iowa. 1977.
Notes
External links
Ranchos of Santa Barbara County Map
Digital Tabulation of Stratigraphic Data from Oil and Gas Wells in Cuyama Valley and Surrounding Areas, Central California United States Geological Survey
Valleys of Santa Barbara County, California
Valleys of Kern County, California
Valleys of San Luis Obispo County, California
Valleys of Ventura County, California
California Coast Ranges
Regions of California
Valleys of California
The necklaced spinetail (Synallaxis stictothorax) is a species of ovenbird in the family Furnariidae. Found in Ecuador and Peru, its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
In early 2021, the former subspecies S. s. chinchipensis was elevated to species status as Chinchipe spinetail (S. chinchipensis).
Description
The necklaced spinetail is about long. The forehead is marked with black and white, and there is a white streak above the eye. The upper parts of the body, the wings and the tail are reddish brown. The flanks are buff and the tail feathers have blackish centres giving the tail a bicoloured effect. The throat and underparts are white, with some fine, dark, transverse streaks on the breast.
Distribution and habitat
The necklaced spinetail is native to Ecuador and northern Peru. Its natural habitat is the borders of deciduous forest and arid scrub at altitudes of less than above sea level.
Behaviour
The necklaced spinetail is more arboreal, rather bolder and more easily observed than most other members of its genus. The song is a distinctive series of sputtering notes, slowly descending and becoming less rapid and fading away at the conclusion. It is often sung from a perch near the bird's nest, or even from within this conspicuous structure which is globular, with a side entrance, and is made of sticks.
This bird feeds, often in pairs, on small invertebrates which it finds when foraging on the ground in the leaf litter or in the low branches of trees and shrubs.
Status
The necklaced spinetail is a fairly common bird within its rather restricted range. The total number of birds has not been estimated but the population trend seems to be stable so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
necklaced spinetail
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
necklaced spinetail
necklaced spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 28 pages refers to the final section of the December 2002 report of the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001, conducted by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. This section is titled "Part IV: Finding, Discussion and Narrative Regarding Certain Sensitive National Security Matters," and summarizes investigative leads suggesting possible financial, logistical and other support provided to the hijackers and their associates by Saudi Arabian officials and others suspected of being Saudi agents. It was declassified on July 15, 2016.
Contents
The 28 pages state that some of the September 11 hijackers received financial support from individuals connected to the Saudi Government. FBI sources believed that at least two of those individuals were officers in the General Intelligence Presidency, the primary intelligence agency of Saudi Arabia. The U.S. Intelligence Community believed that individuals associated with the Saudi Government had ties to al-Qaeda.
Plaintiffs in a 9/11 civil suit against Saudi Arabia have alleged that a November 1999 attempt by two men with longstanding ties to the Saudi government—Mohammed al-Qudhaeein and Hamdan al-Shalawi—to get inside an America West Airlines plane's cockpit was "a dry run for the 9/11 attacks." The FBI reportedly confirmed that the Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington, D.C. paid for Qudhaeein and Shalawi's tickets to board that flight. The 28 Pages quoted a document from the FBI's Phoenix Field Office as stating: "Phoenix FBI now believes both men were specifically attempting to test the security procedures of America West Airlines in preparation for and in furtherance of UBL [Osama bin Laden]/Al Qaeda operations."
Some leaked information from CIA and FBI documents allege that there is "incontrovertible evidence" that Saudi government officials, including from the Saudi embassy in Washington and consulate in Los Angeles, gave the hijackers both financial and logistical aid. Among those named were then-Saudi Ambassador Prince Bandar and Osama Bassnan, a Saudi agent, as well as American al-Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, 9/11 ringleader Mohamed Atta, and Esam Ghazzawi, a Saudi adviser to the nephew of King Fahd.
Classification decision
When the congressional joint inquiry report was published in July 2003, the 28-page section on possible Saudi links to the attacks was completely redacted at the insistence of the George W. Bush administration. President Bush claimed that releasing the material would "reveal sources and methods that would make it harder for us to win the war on terror."
Movement to declassify the pages
In July 2003, Senator Bob Graham pressed the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence to release the material, in accordance with its authority under Senate Resolution 400, which established the Committee in 1976. However, the committee did not vote, and their request was merely denied. Then-chair Senator Pat Roberts and Senator Jay Rockefeller wrote Graham that "it is our view that release of additional information from Part Four could adversely affect ongoing counterterrorism efforts." Graham later said the response showed that the Intelligence Committee had shown "a strong deference to the executive branch." In the same month, Senator Sam Brownback (R-Kan.) joined approximately 42 Democratic senators in calling on President Bush to release the 28-page section which was censored for "national security reasons". Senator Graham stated the refusal "is a continuation of the pattern of the last seven months-a pattern of delay and excessive use of national security standards to deny the people the knowledge of their vulnerability."
Members of Congress periodically tried to effect the declassification of the 28 pages. In 2013, Representatives Walter B. Jones, Jr. and Stephen Lynch introduced a resolution urging President Barack Obama to declassify the pages; Representatives Jones, Lynch and Massie introduced a similar resolution in 2015, which amassed 71 cosponsors. In the same year, Senator Rand Paul introduced a bill to compel Obama to release the pages, and Senators Ron Wyden and Kirsten Gillibrand joined as cosponsors.
In 2015, the U.S. government released a 9/11 Commission document, compiled by Dana Lesemann and Michael Jacobson, known as "Document 17." It was an overview of individuals of interest to investigators pursuing potential links to the Saudi government. Among dozens of named individuals are Fahad al-Thumairy, Omar al-Bayoumi, Osama Bassnan and Mohdhar Abdullah. Document 17 was first brought to public attention on April 19, 2016, on the website 28Pages.org. According to then-former Senator Bob Graham, "Much of the information upon which File 17 was written was based on what's in the 28 pages."
In April 2016, 60 Minutes aired a segment on the drive to declassify the 28 pages, featuring interviews with former Senator Graham, former Congressman and 9/11 Commission member Tim Roemer, and former 9/11 Commission member John Lehman, as well as attorneys representing 9/11 family members, survivors, and insurers. On the afternoon before the 60 Minutes segment aired, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi issued a statement urging the release of the pages. The Saudi government voiced support for the declassification of the 28 pages, saying it would "allow us to respond to any allegations in a clear and credible manner". Congressman Stephen Lynch said, "I think there may be some duplicity on the part of the Saudis in terms of them desiring this to be disclosed."
In July 2016, during the 2016 Republican National Convention, a proposed plank supporting the declassification of the 28 pages advanced from the national security subcommittee of the convention's platform committee. A motion to kill the plank was approved by the subsequent meeting of the full committee Steve Yates led the successful effort to remove the plank.
Declassification
In 2016, following a declassification review, the Obama Administration approved the declassification of the partially redacted 28 Pages, the Joint Inquiry's only wholly classified section. The document was then sent to congressional leadership and on July 15, 2016, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence approved publication of the newly declassified section.
This declassification followed years of lobbying by families of those killed in the September 11 attacks, insurance companies and others. One influential figure in this effort was Bob Graham, who was a member of the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001 as a Senator from Florida. Among other things, they said, "the F.B.I. has gone beyond just covering up ... into what I call aggressive deception."
In addition to the events documented in "The 28 pages", US federal government agencies seem to have had three other apparently independent sources of advance warning of the September 11 attacks that were not reported to the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001. One was a Saudi family in Sarasota, Fla., which was known by the FBI to have had multiple contacts with the hijackers-to-be training nearby, until the family fled just before the attacks. Another was the Able Danger data mining operation, which reportedly identified two of the three terrorist cells, who subsequently executed the September 11 attacks. A third was an Iranian expatriate, who had warned the FBI multiple times of the impending September 11 attacks. Sibel Edmonds was reportedly fired for insisting that the evidence they had not been suppressed as they say it was.
Location of the 28 pages
The document is kept in a sensitive compartmented information facility (SCIF) in the basement of the Capitol building in Washington, D.C.
See also
Sibel Edmonds, who was a translator for the FBI from late September 2001 until March 2002. They said that in that capacity they saw documentation of advanced warnings of the September 11 attacks that were completely independent of "The 28 pages", which FBI personnel were ordered to cover up.
Able Danger
Alleged Saudi role in September 11 attacks
9/11 conspiracy theories
References
External links
"Declassified version of 28 pages as published on house.gov (from archive.org)", the United States House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. December 2002. Accessed on July 18, 2018.
For a searchable version:
28pages.org: An information & activism hub for the growing movement to declassify 28 pages on foreign government ties to 9/11
Reports of the United States government
Proceedings surrounding the September 11 attacks
United States government secrecy
The Steinhuder Hecht ('Steinhude Pike') from 1772 is said to be the first submarine built in Germany.
The engineer and officer Jakob Chrysostomus Praetorius drafted a construction made of oak wood, in the shape of a fish with sails and mobile rear. Allegedly, the plan was presented in 1762 to William, Count of Schaumburg-Lippe. After an initial rejection it was built in 1772 at the island fortress Wilhelmstein in a reduced version. It is said to have dived in the Steinhuder Meer, a large lake, for 12 minutes. As the lake has a maximum depth of this claim is rather dubious.
The range of the 'pike' must have been rather limited. According to a local legend count Wilhelm wanted to sail with it to Portugal. Its military purpose was actually the following: in the event of a siege the 'pike' had to connect the fortification with the allies of Schaumburg-Lippe, especially Britain, Braunschweig-Lüneburg and Prussia.
Today a model and construction plans are exhibited in the military museum Wilhelmstein. The Wilhelmstein, an artificial island and fortress, was the planned base for the 'pike'.
References
External links
steinhuder-meer.de (in German) date retrieved 21 August 2016
Steinhuder Meer
Submarines of Germany
German inventions
Age of Sail submarines
1772 ships
Bommidoddi is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Palamaner mandal.
References
Villages in Chittoor district
Mark Kenneth Mercer (born May 22, 1954) is an American former professional baseball pitcher from Fort Bragg, North Carolina. They appeared in seven games in Major League Baseball for the 1981 Texas Rangers.
Mercer was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1st round of the secondary phase of the 1973 amateur draft out of Hill College. They were released by the Pirates during spring training in 1976. They left professional baseball for two full seasons before signing with the Rangers prior to the 1978 season.
Notes
External links
Hill College Rebels baseball players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Texas Rangers players
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Niagara Falls Pirates players
Charleston Pirates players
Asheville Tourists players
Tulsa Drillers players
Charleston Charlies players
Wichita Aeros players
Denver Bears players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Baseball players from North Carolina
1954 births
Living people
People from Fort Bragg, North Carolina
The Syrian–Lebanese Communist Party (, Al-Ḥizb al-shuyū'ī al-sūrī al-lubnānī; French: Parti communiste de la Syrie et du Liban) was a communist political party, operating in Syria and Lebanon, and founded in 1924 by the Lebanese Egyptian Fu'ad al-Shimali, the Lebanese Yusuf Yazbek and the Armenian Artin Madoyan. Its general secretary was Khalid Bakdash. It was the second communist party to be formed in the Levant, after the Communist Party of Palestine, but it was the first to be largely Arab, as the Palestinian party initially drew largely from the Jewish community.
In its earliest years, the party supported the Syrian Revolt of 1925, but was quickly repressed by the forces of General Maurice Sarrail. Their newspapers were closed down and party leaders remained imprisoned until an amnesty law secured their release in 1928.The rebel force led by Sultan al-Atrash were supported by the Communist Party of Syria and Lebanon. The party was represented at the 6th Congress of the Communist International in 1928 by Fu'ad al-Shimali. It was also in 1928 that the party, despite operating in what is now both Syria and Lebanon, adopted the name "Communist Party of Syria (Al-Ḥizb al-shuyū'ī al-sūrī), reflecting its commitment to Syrian unity and rejection of the division of the historic region under colonial mandates. However, it later reverted to its original name. Under the French Mandate it was an underground organization, then legalized in 1936–1939 by the French Front Populaire government, and again in 1941. The party took a new option of collaboration with the nationalist movement and playing down its socialist themes in 1936, in accordance with the 7th Congress of the Communist International in 1935.
Later the party was divided into the Syrian Communist Party and the Lebanese Communist Party, but the decision, taken at the end of 1943, was only implemented in 1964. In between, common central committee and political bureau were maintained.
Sources
Ismael, Tareq Y., and Jacqueline S. Ismael. The Communist Movement in Syria & Lebanon. Gainesville: University Press of Florida, 1998. ()
Comintern sections
Communist parties in Syria
Defunct political parties in Syria
Defunct political parties in Lebanon
Defunct communist parties
Communist parties in Lebanon
Lebanese Communist Party
Transnational political parties
Kristopher Aiken (born August 24, 1978) was a Canadian football safety who played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. They played in 14 regular season games from 2004 to 2005, recording eight tackles. Aiken is a Grey Cup champion after winning the 92nd Grey Cup with the Argonauts in 2004.
References
1978 births
Living people
Canadian football defensive backs
Western Mustangs football players
Toronto Argonauts players
Players of Canadian football from Quebec
Sportspeople from Montreal
Kot'o station is a railway station in Hwangch'o-rodongjagu, Changjin County, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea on the Changjin Line of the Korean State Railway. There is a spur from the station to a factory.
History
The station was opened on 1 November 1934 by the Sinhŭng Railway as part of the second section of its Changjin Line between Samgŏ and Kujin. The Sinhŭng Railway was bought and absorbed by the Chosen Railway on 22 April 1938.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Karel Píč (Esperanto: Karolo Piĉ, 6 December 1920 in Litomyšl – 15 August 1995 in Litomyšl) was a leading Czech Esperantist, a member of the Academy of Esperanto, a poet and writer of short stories, essays, and novels in Esperanto.
Role in Esperanto literature
Karel Píč was a famous and influential Esperanto author. They introduced and used many neologisms, which was controversial. Aside from neologisms, they were noted for their experimental usage of Esperanto; some commentators go so far as to call their usage "piĉido" and imply it is almost another language.
Their best known work, epitomizing their linguistic experimentation
, is the semi-autobiographical novel La Litomiŝla tombejo (The Litomyšl Cemetery) (1981) set in their hometown of Litomyšl. Upon their death, Píč was buried in that cemetery, and their tombstone bears the Czech words “Esperantský spisovatel” (“Esperanto writer”).
The "Concise Encyclopedia of the Original Literature of Esperanto" quotes several influential Esperantists about the importance of La Litomiŝla tombejo. Osmo Buller wrote "it is something truly important in Esperanto literature", and Jorge Camacho claimed it as "probably the highest achievement of [Esperanto's] original literature". Esperanto poet William Auld included the novel on their list of Esperanto classics.
Publications
Short stories
Ekkrioj de Georgino (Georgia's Cries)
Fabeloj el transe (Fables from the Other Side)
La Davida harpo (David's Harp)
Aboco (ABC)
Angoro (Anguish)
Novels
La Litomiŝla tombejo (The Litomyšl Cemetery)
Ordeno de verkistoj (The Order of Writers - published posthumously in 1997)
Mistero de tri unuoj (The Mystery of Three Ones)
La Bermuda triangulo (The Bermuda Triangle)
Klaĉejo (Nest of Gossip)
Articles
La granda superstiĉo (The Grand Superstition)
Essays
Kritiko kaj recenzistiko en Esperanto (Criticism and the Art of Reviewing in Esperanto)
La interna vivo de Esperanto (The Inner Life of Esperanto)
Esperantaj neologismoj (Esperanto Neologisms, Esperantista 1949, pp. 57, 65)
References
External links
Works of Karel Píč in the Austrian National Library in Vienna
Works of Karel Píč in the German National Library in Leipzig
Karel Píč in a website on Esperanto writers
Website about Karel Píč
Writers of Esperanto literature
Akademio de Esperanto members
Translators to Esperanto
Czech Esperantists
20th-century Czech poets
20th-century male writers
Czech male poets
1920 births
1995 deaths
20th-century translators
20th-century poets
The 1995 Italian Superturismo Championship was the ninth edition of the Italian Superturismo Championship. The season began in Misano on 23 April and finished in Vallelunga on 8 October, after ten rounds. Emanuele Pirro won the championship, driving an Audi A4 Quattro; the German manufacturer won the constructors' championship, while Mauro Trione won the privateers' trophy.
Teams and drivers
Race calendar and results
Championship standings
18 results from 20 are valid for the championship
Drivers' Championship
Manufacturers' Trophy
Privateers' Championship
External links
1995 Drivers List
1995 Standings
Italian Superturismo Championship
Marden railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the village of Marden in the borough of Maidstone, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross . The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern. The station is often referred to as Marden (Kent), to distinguish itself between similarly-named villages across England.
History
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 31 August 1842, when the line was extended from to . It was built to serve local goods traffic, particularly the transport of fruit from the orchards surrounding Marden.
The goods shed was designed so that wagons could not pass through it. The yard was expanded in 1908, adding an additional siding. The station was completely revamped in 1961 in preparation for the electrification of the South East Main line, including an additional footbridge.
Facilities
Along with similar sized stations along the South East Main Line, the ticket office is only staffed part-time. A ticket machine is available for other times.
Accidents and incidents
At 20:42 on 4 January 1969 there was a collision between a down electric passenger train (formed of 2 x 4CEP units) and a down parcels train to the west of Marden station. Four people were killed. The cause was the driver of the passenger train missing a signal in fog and passing it at danger. Local farmer David Winch of Brook Farm, along with their employees, worked for fourteen hours assisting in the rescue operation. They used their tractors and trailers to ferry the injured across muddy fields from the crash site to waiting ambulances. The ambulance officer in charge at the time, Stanley Skinner, was awarded a British Empire Medal in recognition of their role.
On 5 September 2012, an up passenger train caught fire at Marden. The blaze was under control within half an hour. Passengers were evacuated and services between Tonbridge and Ashford were disrupted.
Services
All services at Marden are operated by Southeastern using EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
2 tph to London Charing Cross via
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
During the weekday peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street, and .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Eyewitness account of the 1969 train crash.
Signal box diagram, 1951
Marden on navigable 1940 OS map
Borough of Maidstone
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1842 establishments in England
Melanoptilia is a genus of moths in the family Pterophoridae described by Cees Gielis in 2006. All described species come from Latin America.
Species
Melanoptilia arsenica (Meyrick, 1921)
Melanoptilia nigra Gielis, 2006
Melanoptilia chalcogastra (Meyrick, 1921)
Melanoptilia haemogastra (Meyrick, 1926)
References
Platyptiliini
Moth genera
László Berényi (born 24 November 1961) is a Hungarian politician of Romani ethnicity, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Somogy County Regional List between 2010 and 2014.
Career
Berényi is a member (then also vice-president) of the Romani advocate organization Lungo Drom since 1994 and member of Fidesz since 2004. They were a representative of the National Gypsy Council (OCÖ) from 1994 to 2002. They graduated from the Gandhi School in Pécs in 2004. They were a member of the Roma Steering and Monitoring Committee within the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labor, Chairman of the Somogy County Gypsy Minority Self-Government, Representative of the Somogy County Assembly, Chairman of the Minority Committee. In 2007, they obtained the qualification of personnel organizer at the Faculty of Adult Education and Human Resource Development of the University of Pécs. In 2009 they passed the administrative qualification exam.
In the Hungarian Parliament, Berényi was a member of the Committee on Human Rights, Minority, Civic and Religious Affairs from 14 May 2010 to 5 May 2014. After the 2014 parliamentary election, they became leader of the Lungo Drom caucus in the National Roma Council (ORÖ). They succeeded their ally Flórián Farkas as head of the Bridge to the World of Work ("Híd a munka világába") project in January 2016, which is being prosecuted for suspected budget fraud.
It was reported in September 2017 that their company left behind hundreds of tons of illegal garbage on the outskirts of the village Egyházasharaszti in Baranya County five years ago, in 2012.
Berényi is a father of six children.
References
1961 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Hungarian Romani people
Romani politicians
People from Barcs
Muhammad Umar Babrakzai ( 1980 – present) is the tribal chief of the Zadran tribe and Afghan jurist.
Background and early life
Babrakzai is the grandson of Babrak Khan, a previous Zadran chieftain who died in 1924 or 1925, though it's unclear through what father.
It is unknown who preceded Babrakzai as chieftain. It was possibly Abdulla Khan Jadran Yawan, who was chieftain as of 1969, although it's unclear if Babrakzai was Abdulla's immediate successor or if someone else was chieftain between them.
At some point, Babrakzai moved to France where they received an education. Upon returning to Afghanistan, they became part of Kingdom of Afghanistan's elite. At some point after King Mohammed Zahir Shah initiated a period of democratic reforms with the 1964 constitution, Babrakzai served as Supreme Court justice.
Tribal chief
Babrakzai opposed the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979. The authors of Out of Afghanistan describe them as being the "prime mover" of the initial Afghan resistance, due to them forming a "national council" to map out an Afghan response. They joined the National Islamic Front of Afghanistan, became the chairperson of a pro-resistance loya jirga, and also organized a jirga in Peshawar. In addition, Babrakzai maintained contacts with France during this period, and helped French activists to set up a International People's Tribunal in Paris.
Babrakzai continued to resist the Soviets during the rest of the Soviet–Afghan War. In 1983, they attended a meeting with US president Ronald Reagan. An image of this meeting later became an internet meme, where Babrakzai and other members of the meeting were falsely described as Taliban officials, even though the Taliban had not been formed yet by that time. Despite their regional influence, however, Babrakzai had little control over the militants in their tribal territories, over whom Jalaluddin Haqqani gained more control.
Babrakzai continues to be tribal chief as of 2019.
Family
References
Afghan rebels
Pashtun people
Afghan chiefs
The Bank of America Center is a 404-foot skyscraper in Downtown Orlando.
The building is one of the tallest in the city, and is a unique part of the skyline. The postmodern building was designed by Texas-based Morris-Aubry Architects, who modeled the building after their recently completed One American Center in Austin, Texas. Its collection of 10 spires gives it an almost gothic appearance, and its staircase design makes it similar in appearance to another Bank of America building in Houston. The building was owned by Cousins Properties of Atlanta, Georgia, and sold in January 2018 to Southwest Value Partners based in San Diego, California.
History
April 1985, the Pillar-Bryton Company announced plans and unveiled the model for a new development in downtown Orlando, Florida on a 10-acre site off Orange Avenue named "du Pont Centre", the overall project cost was estimated to be $400 million once completed, with the first building costing $78 million. The announcement was made by the owner of the development company and an Orlando resident which was William DuPont III, heir to the Du Pont family fortune. In 1985, Forbes estimated the 32-year-old heir's wealth to be at least $125 million.
William du Pont III later sold the remaining undeveloped property. Bad investments and business deals caused them to also sell their ownership interest in the building in the 1990s.
The building is slated to be undergoing $1–2 million renovations every year up until 2020 which may total $8 million by the current owners. The current owners acquired the property via acquisition of Parkway Properties in a multibillion-dollar deal. Parkway Properties purchased the building in May 2011 for approximately $61 million.
In January 2018, a San Diego-based real estate firm Southwest Value Partners purchased the building for $81.86 million along with two other downtown Orlando buildings in a package deal valued over $208 million.
References
Bank of America buildings
Postmodern architecture in Florida
Skyscraper office buildings in Orlando, Florida
Office buildings completed in 1988
Bank buildings in Florida
1988 establishments in Florida
Primicaris is genus of Cambrian arthropod from the Chengjiang biota of China and the Burgess Shale of Canada. It contains a single described species, P. larvaformis. Its specimens were once thought to be meraspids of Naraoia spinosa. Its phylogenetic position has been described as "problematic". Some studies have suggested them to be marrellomorphs belonging to the subgroup Acerostraca.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Wyoming Highway 374 (WYO 374) is a discontinuous east-west Wyoming State Road located in Sweetwater County that exists in two sections, with a short gap in between.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 374 begins its western end at exit 61 of Interstate 80, southwest of Granger. WYO 374 travels along the north side of I-80, acting as a frontage road, for just under 5 miles until it reaches U.S. Route 30 where it temporarily ends. Further east along I-80/US 30, Highway 374 resumes at exit 68 at Little America. WYO 374 once again travels along the north side of I-80. At approximately 3.5 miles, Tenneco Road (CR 85) is intersected which provides access to exit 72 of I-80/US 30. Further east, Highway 374 reaches the southern terminus of Wyoming Highway 372 (La Barge Road) at a T intersection. WYO 372 travels north from here to Wyoming Highway 28 and U.S. Route 189 while WYO 374 turns south and immediately intersects exit 83 of I-80/US 30. Now Highway 374 travels eastward toward Green River on the south side of the interstate. As WYO 374 enters James Town, a census-designated place (CDP) west of Green River, Covered Wagon Road (CR 59) is intersected which provides access to exit 85 of I-80/US 30 and travels north to the Rolling Green Country Club. Shortly after, Highway 374 crosses the Green River and at 20.43 miles (25.37 total) the highway reaches its eastern terminus at the Green River business routes of I-80 and US 30 (Flaming Gorge Way) in Green River. Traveling north of here is exit 89 of I-80/US 30, while traveling south heads into downtown Green River and to Wyoming Highway 530.
Wyoming Highway 374 is not signed at any of its interchanges with Interstate 80.
History
Wyoming Highway 374 is the original alignment of U.S. Route 30 from near Granger to Green River.
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 300-399
WYO 374 - I-80 Bus/US 30 Bus to I-80/US 30
WYO 374 - I-80/US 30 to WYO 372
WYO 374 - WYO 372 to I-80/US 30
WYO 374 - US 30 to I-80
Transportation in Sweetwater County, Wyoming
374
Ballinacor North () is a barony in County Wicklow, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Ballinacor North derives its name from the Ballinacor Castle. (from Irish Baile na Corra, town of the weir).
Location
Ballinacor North is located in central County Wicklow, in the Wicklow Mountains.
History
Ballinacor North: the O'Byrne (Ó Broin) sept, originally of Kildare, were centred near here after the 12th century and included the territory of Gabhal Raghnaill.
The original Ballinacor barony was divided into north and south in 1798.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Ballinacor North:
Rathdrum
References
Baronies of County Wicklow
Brachynillus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Brachynillus natalensis Basilewsky, 1988
Brachynillus pallidus (Peringuey, 1896)
Brachynillus varendorffi Reitter, 1904
References
Brachininae
Saint-Jean-des-Piles (Canada 1996 Census population 693) is a community in the Canadian province of Quebec. Formerly a separate parish municipality in the Le Centre-de-la-Mauricie Regional County Municipality, it has been one of the seven sectors of the city of Shawinigan since the municipal amalgamation of January 1, 2002.
Mayors
From 1897 to 2001, Saint-Jean-des-Piles had its own mayor and its own city council. The mayors were:
Footnotes
Neighbourhoods in Shawinigan
Former municipalities in Quebec
Former towns in Canada
Populated places disestablished in 2002
Chickenfoot is the debut studio album by the American hard rock band of the same name, released on June 5, 2009 in Europe and the US. The first pressing of the album was packaged with exclusive "heat sensitive" artwork that revealed an image when touched or exposed to heat above 84 degrees Fahrenheit.
On March 20, 2009, the band released two songs, "Soap on a Rope" and "Down the Drain" on their official website. The band's first single, "Oh Yeah", was released to radio stations nationwide, as well as on their official website, on April 13, 2009.
On October 7, 2009, the official Chickenfoot website revealed that the album had been certified Gold.
A deluxe edition with a DVD was released in the UK on October 26, 2009 and the US, exclusively at Best Buy stores, on November 1, 2009.
On October 16, 2012 the album was re-released as a double disc with 5 bonus tracks on the second disc. The release was due to the original label going out of business and the album being discontinued.
Recording
Regarding producer Andy Johns, bassist Michael Anthony states:
Artwork
On current pressings of the album, the front and back covers are printed with heat sensitive ink that changes appearance above and below 84 degrees Fahrenheit (approximately 29 degrees Celsius). When below 84 degrees (29 °C) it appears only a white Chickenfoot logo (which is not printed in heat sensitive ink) on a black background. When above 84 degrees (29 °C) it is the logo with four square zones with each band member in each one.
Reception
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Chickenfoot liner notes.
Band
Sammy Hagar – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Joe Satriani – lead guitar, keyboards
Michael Anthony – bass, backing vocals
Chad Smith – drums, percussion
Recording personnel
Andy Johns – producer, recording
Bob Daspit – recording
Dann Michael Thompson – recording, recording assistant, digital editing
Mike Fraser – recording, mixing
Judy Kirschner – recording assistant
John Cuniberti – recording assistant
Jamie Durr – recording assistant
Eric Mosher – mixing assistant, digital editing
Andre Zweers – digital editing
Bernie Grundman – mastering
Artwork
Todd Gallopo – art direction and design
Bryan Adams – photography
Jon Luini – digital strategy and video production
Chart positions
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Notes
References
External links
Chickenfoot at Discogs
Chickenfoot at Metacritic
2009 debut albums
Albums produced by Andy Johns
Chickenfoot albums
The Buffalo area economy consists of a mix of industrial, light manufacturing, high technology, and service-oriented private sector companies. Instead of relying on a single industry or sector for its economic future, the region has taken a diversified approach that has the potential to create opportunities for growth and expansion in the 21st century.
History
Buffalo and the surrounding area were long involved in railroad commerce, steel manufacture, automobile production, aircraft/aerospace design and production, Great Lakes shipping and grain storage. Most of these industries have left the city through the years. Major steel production no longer exists in the area, although several smaller steel mills remain in operation. As of the 1950 United States Census, Buffalo was the 15th largest city in the country, the nation's largest inland port (12th overall), second biggest rail center, sixth largest steel producer, and eighth largest manufacturer.
Employment
Overall, employment in Buffalo has shifted as its population has declined and manufacturing has diminished. Buffalo's 2005 unemployment rate was 6.6%, contrasted with New York State's 5.0% rate. And from the fourth quarter of 2005 to the fourth quarter of 2006, Erie County had no net job growth, ranking it 271st among the 326 largest counties in the country. Yet the area has recently seen an upswing in job growth as unemployment has dropped to only 4.9% in July 2007 from 5.2% in 2006 and 6.6% in 2005. The area's manufacturing jobs have continued to show the largest losses in jobs with over 17,000 fewer than at the start of 2006. Yet other sectors of the economy have outdistanced manufacturing and are seeing large increases. Educational and health services added over 30,400 jobs in 2006 and over 20,500 jobs have been added in the professional and business (mostly finance) arena.
Life sciences
Buffalo has increasingly become a center for bioinformatics and human genome research, including work by researchers at the University at Buffalo and Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center. This consortium is known as the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus. It also includes: Buffalo Hearing & Speech Center, Buffalo Medical Group Foundation, Hauptman-Woodward Medical Research Institute, Kaleida Health, Olmsted Center for the Visually Impaired, Cleveland BioLabs and Upstate New York Transplant Services. The DNA samples used in The Human Genome Project were also collected from anonymous donors from Buffalo.
Entrepreneurial resources and life science business consultants accelerate the growth and development of emerging companies found within the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus and Upstate New York Region. For example, Buffalo BioSciences is a technology commercialization partner to the New York State Center of Excellence in Bioinformatics & Life Sciences and contributed to the launch and early success of Empire Genomics –- a firm based on research conducted at Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center by Dr. Norma Nowak enabling the delivery of personalized medicine.
Banking
Buffalo is the headquarters of M&T Bank, a large regional bank with assets over $79B (as of June 2011). Its rival Marine Midland Bank operated for decades from downtown Buffalo before being acquired by HSBC and being rebranded as HSBC Bank USA. HSBC has reduced its local operations in Buffalo, and Upstate NY as a whole, as it closed its retail banking centers. Many of the shuttered HSBC retail banking centers in upstate were acquired by First Niagara Bank (see below). Other banks, such as Bank of America and KeyBank have corporate operations in Buffalo, the latter expanding its own operations after acquiring First Niagara. Citigroup also has regional offices in Amherst, Buffalo's largest suburb. Buffalo has also become a hub of the debt collection industry.
First Niagara Bank had recently moved its headquarters to downtown Buffalo from nearby Lockport. It had branches from Buffalo to Albany, New York, and since September 2009 has had branches as far south as Pittsburgh. On September 10, 2009, First Niagara announced the relocation of its corporate headquarters from Lockport to downtown Buffalo. First Niagara, which had been considering expanding into Western Pennsylvania for some time, benefited from PNC Financial Services being required by the United States Department of Justice to sell off 50 National City branches in the Pittsburgh area and 11 more branches in and around Erie to competitors, since the two banks had significant overlap in Western Pennsylvania and had potential antitrust issues in that area. First Niagara took advantage by buying 57 of the 61 National City branches from PNC that had to be divested after PNC acquired National City with funds from the $700 billion bailout plan after National City became a victim of the subprime mortgage crisis. The move affected the area by creating 200 more jobs, some in the Buffalo area. On July 31, 2011, it was announced First Niagara had acquired all of HSBC Banks Western New York branches; after closing and selling some branches to its competitors its total number in Upstate New York had almost doubled. In 2015, First Niagara was acquired by KeyBank.
Other
Buffalo is home to Rich Products, one of the world's largest family-owned food manufacturers. Canadian brewer Labatt moved its US headquarters to Buffalo in May 2007. This is in large part due to Buffalo's location directly in the middle of the Northeastern Trade Corridor. The city is the heart of the Canadian-American corridor. Over 80% of all U.S.-Canada trade occurs via border crossings in the eastern United States and with five bridges to Canada, the Buffalo area is one of the key eastern border crossing locations. Cheese company Sorrento Lactalis is also based in Buffalo. General Mills has a cereal mill in the city, and Tops Friendly Markets, a regional supermarket chain, remains headquartered in nearby Williamsville. Delaware North is also headquartered in Buffalo, having built a new building in downtown recently. Del Monte Foods' Milk Bone dog biscuits are still manufactured in a small factory on the city's East Side.
New Era Cap Company, the largest sports-licensed headwear company in the United States, is based in Buffalo. It opened new headquarters in 2007 in the former Federal Reserve Building in downtown Buffalo.
The windshield wiper maker Trico, founded in Buffalo by John R. Oishei, operated three major manufacturing facilities but has since closed all of them and moved operations to Mexico. In 1998, the company head office moved to Rochester Hills, Michigan. Trico's Plant No. 1 was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 and in 2014 was being re-developed by the State University of New York at Buffalo. The John R. Oishei Foundation is western New York's largest and the new Women's & Children's Hospital, scheduled to open in 2015, will be named the John R. Oishei Children's Hospital.
For many years, Buffalo was the nation's second largest rail center, after Chicago. Peaked traffic reached during World War II, but declined soon after the war. Through the 1960s and 1970s freight traffic via Buffalo declined, air travel and the New York State Thruway took railway passengers away as well. By 1980, the rail hub in the city was gone.
Regionally based insurance companies also have maintained their headquarters in Buffalo, New York. There's Merchants Insurance Group and Lawley Insurance. Merchants Insurance Group is a property and casualty insurance company that provides commercial, personal property and casualty insurance throughout the Northeast and North Central United States. Lawley Insurance provides commercial insurance, employee benefits, risk management and personal insurance.
Some industry remains in Buffalo and its surrounding area in the 21st Century. Ford maintains a stamping plant in South Buffalo. General Motors also runs the Tonawanda Engine plant by the Niagara River, and there are additional chemical and technology companies that continue to operate factories throughout the city and region. In addition, Tesla has partnered with Panasonic and New York State to operate Gigafactory 2 on the former Republic Steel site. The facility, which opened in 2017, manufactures photovoltaic modules for Tesla's SolarCity subsidiary and will gradually phase into manufacturing individual solar cells. It is the largest facility of its type in the Western Hemisphere. The current incarnation of Republic Steel still maintains a facility in nearby Blasdell.
43 North is a venture capital startup competition funded from the Buffalo A Billion program. It awards $5 million to its winners each year, and also offers them mentorship, workspace in the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus, and tax incentives from the state of New York, among other benefits.
Standard of living
The loss of traditional jobs in manufacturing, rapid suburbanization and high costs of labor have led to economic decline, making Buffalo one of the poorest among U.S. cities with populations of more than 250,000 people. An estimated 28.7–29.9% of Buffalo residents live below the poverty line, behind either only Detroit, or only Detroit and Cleveland.<ref>Buffalo 3rd Poorest Large City . WGRZ TV. Retrieved October 14, 2008.</ref> Buffalo's median household income of $27,850 is third-lowest among large cities, behind only Miami and Cleveland; however the median household income for the metropolitan area is $57,000.
This, in part, has led to the Buffalo-Niagara Falls metropolitan area having the most affordable housing market in the U.S. today. The quarterly NAHB/Wells Fargo Housing Opportunity Index (HOI) noted that nearly 90% of the new and existing homes sold in the metropolitan area during the second quarter were affordable to families making the area's median income of $57,000. The area median price of homes was $75,000.
Buffalo faces issues with vacant and abandoned houses, as the city ranks second to St. Louis on the list of American cities with the most vacant properties per capita. Since 2000, the city has torn down 2,000 vacant homes but as many as 10,000 still remain. Mayor Byron W. Brown recently unveiled a $100 million, five-year plan to demolish 5,000 more houses. The city's move away from heavy industry and toward a service and bioinformatics economy has brought improved air and water quality, which benefit not only residents and tourists but the bioregion as a whole. In July 2005, Reader's Digest'' ranked Buffalo as the third cleanest large city in the nation.
Buffalo's economy has begun to see significant improvements since the early 2010s. Money from state governor Andrew Cuomo, plans for different construction programs, and hundreds of new jobs have brought strong economic change to the area.
Principal employers
According to the City's 2019 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the principal employers in the Buffalo Metropolitan Area are:
Major companies located in the Buffalo Niagara metro area
This is an incomplete list of notable companies with major operations or headquarters in Buffalo or within the surrounding area.
References:
Alfred State College
Alfred University
Astronics Corporation
Aurubis
Bank of America
Blue Cross Blue Shield (Western NY headquarters)
The Buffalo News in Canalside
Computer Task Group
University at Buffalo
Canisius College
Catholic Health
Charter Communications
Citigroup
Cummins
Cutco in Olean (headquarters)
Delaware North in downtown (headquarters)
Dresser-Rand Group
DuPont
Ellicott Development Co.
Empire Genomics (headquarters)
Fisher-Price in East Aurora
Ford Motor Company (Buffalo Stamping Plant)
GEICO in Amherst
General Mills in Canalside
General Motors (Tonawanda Engine)
HSBC Bank USA in downtown
Ingram Micro
Kaleida Health
Keybank in Larkinville
Labatt Brewing Company in downtown (U.S. headquarters)
Life Storage in Williamsville, NY
Linde
Mighty Taco
Moog Inc. in East Aurora (headquarters)
M&T Bank in downtown (headquarters)
New Era Cap Company in downtown (headquarters)
National Fuel Gas in Williamsville (headquarters)
Nestlé Purina PetCare
Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center in Niagara Falls
Niagara University in Lewiston
NOCO Energy Corporation in Tonawanda (headquarters)
OnCore Golf (headquarters)
Pegula Sports and Entertainment in Canalside (headquarters)
People Inc.
Perry's Ice Cream
Rich Products (headquarters)
Republic Steel in Blasdell
Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center
Seneca Gaming Corp
Seneca Niagara Casino
Seneca Buffalo Creek Casino
Seneca Allegany Casino
Saint-Gobain Corp.
Solar Liberty
Sumitomo Rubber USA LLC
Synacor (headquarters)
Tesla, Inc./SolarCity in South Buffalo (Gigafactory 2)
Top Markets in Williamsville (headquarters)
Univera Healthcare
Wegmans
References
Buffalo, New York
Leyton is a London Underground station in Leyton, in the London Borough of Waltham Forest, East London. Located on Leyton High Road, adjacent to the A12, the station is on the Central line between two stations assigned to two fare zones – Stratford and Leytonstone. It is in zone 3.
Location
Leyton Mills Retail Park, Leyton Library, New Spitalfields Market, Leyton Orient F.C. stadium, and St. Patrick's Catholic Cemetery is within proximity of the station. Around Leyton station, the line runs parallel to the A12 road, while the station entrance is connected by the A112. It serves the area of the name itself, situated to the north of the A12 in the London Borough of Waltham Forest. Leyton is largely residential, with houses built from 1870 to 1910. The origin of its name was derived from its geographical location, being at the "tun" of the river Lea, and the ancient parish was named Low Leyton. To the south, it covers the Cathall housing estate in Leytonstone.
History
The railway line from Loughton Branch Junction (on the Lea Valley line between and } to Loughton was built by the Eastern Counties Railway, and opened on 22 August 1856. A station at Leyton was opened on the same day, and was originally named Low Leyton. It was renamed Leyton on 27 November 1867 by the Great Eastern Railway. The current station buildings largely date from the reconstruction of 1879, which saw the original level crossing replaced by a bridge, although some alterations were carried out in connection with the transfer of the station from the London & North Eastern Railway to London Underground as part of the eastern extensions of the Central line.
When the Central line (then known as the Central London Railway) was amalgamated under the management of London Passenger Transport Board in 1933, plans for major expansions to the line were developed. The station was first served by the Central line on 5 May 1947, as part of the extension of the line to Leytonstone.
In the 1990s, the northern ticket office and entrance – dating from 1901 – were removed as part of the controversial M11 extension (now the A12) that was built adjacent to the station. In the mid-2000s, the station was comprehensively refurbished as part of the London Underground PPP.
Planned upgrade and step free access
According to TfL, the station is severely overcrowded at peak periods, due to the small ticket hall (as a result of the station's location on top of the bridge over the tracks), and the proximity of the ticket barriers to the narrow pavement outside the station. In 2011, it was announced the capacity of the station would be increased, in order to cope with the predicted additional users of the station during the 2012 Olympic Games, and to ease the existing congestion. This work would have created new access to Goodall Road from the westbound platform. This work never materialised.
In 2019, it was announced that Waltham Forest and Transport for London would fund a £18million expansion and upgrade of the station, including step free access. This work will involve construction of a new, larger ticket hall north of the current one, a new footbridge, wider stairs and step free access to both platforms. The existing ticket hall building would then be repurposed as a retail unit by TFL Property. In 2020, a funding agreement between Waltham Forest and TFL was signed, with works estimated to begin in 2021 – with completion by 2023.
Services and connections
Services
Leyton is between Stratford and Leytonstone stations on the London Underground Central line. The station is registered under Fare Zone 3, and sits between two adjacent stations assigned to two zones. Trains generally operate between West Ruislip and Epping, and between Ealing Broadway and Hainault. The typical off-peak services, in trains per hour (tph) is:
12 tph eastbound to Epping or Loughton
9 tph eastbound to Hainault or Woodford
3 tph eastbound to Newbury Park
12 tph westbound to West Ruislip or Northolt
9 tph westbound to Ealing Broadway
3 tph westbound to White City
Night Tube services also operate at this station. Trains run every 10 minutes to Hainault via Newbury Park or Loughton eastbound, and to Ealing Broadway or White City westbound.
Connections
London Buses routes 58, 69, 97 and 158 serve the station with W14, W15 and night route N26 nearby.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
Tube stations in the London Borough of Waltham Forest
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1856
Central line (London Underground) stations
London Underground Night Tube stations
Tube station
The Pedro Muñoz Seca Municipal Theater (Teatro Municipal Pedro Muñoz Seca) is a 600-seat theater located in El Puerto de Santa María, Cadiz, Spain. It is named after Pedro Muñoz Seca, a playwright originally from the city.
The theater is located in Polvorista Plaza (Plaza del Polvorista), in a building that served as a barracks for a cavalry regiment of the Spanish Army in the 18th century. El Puerto de Santa María's former Main Theater (Teatro Principal) was destroyed in a fire in 1984; this new Municipal Theater was inaugurated on October 27, 2007.
Buildings and structures in El Puerto de Santa María
Theatres in Spain
Tourist attractions in Andalusia
Hampteau () is a village of Wallonia and a district of the municipality of Hotton, located in the province of Luxembourg, Belgium.
The village lies at the south bank of the river Ourthe. It has around 300 inhabitants. Its postal code is 6990.
The 18th-century Faber Mill lies in Hampteau.
References
Hotton
Former municipalities of Luxembourg (Belgium)
Gregory Owen Hutchinson (born 5 December 1957), known as G. O. Hutchinson, is a British classicist and academic, specialising in Latin literature, Ancient Greek literature, and Latin and Ancient Greek languages. Since October 2015, they have been the Regius Professor of Greek at the University of Oxford, and a Student (i.e. Fellow) of Christ Church, Oxford.
Early life and education
Hutchinson was born on 5 December 1957 in Hackney, London, England. They were educated at the City of London School, an all-boys independent school in the City of London; they had been granted one of the free places funded by the Inner London Education Authority. They studied classics at Balliol College, Oxford, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1979. They remained at Balliol to undertake postgraduate research and completed their Doctor of Philosophy (DPhil) degree in 1983. Their doctoral thesis was titled "Aeschylus' Septem Contra Thebas: Text and commentary".
Academic career
From 1981 to 1984, while a postgraduate student, Hutchinson was also a research lecturer at Christ Church, Oxford. In 1984, they were elected a Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford. They were then a Tutor in classics at Exeter between 1984 and 2015. From 1996 to 1998, they were also Reader in Classical Literature in the Faculty of Classics. From 1998 to 2015, they were also Professor of Greek and Latin Languages and Literature at the University of Oxford.
In June 2015, Hutchinson was named as the next Regius Professor of Greek at Oxford following the retirement of Christopher Pelling, FBA, earlier in the year. They took up the appointment on 1 October 2015 and moved colleges to become a Student (equivalent to a fellow) of Christ Church, Oxford.
Personal life
In 1979, Hutchinson married Yvonne Downing. Together they have one daughter.
Selected works
Hutchinson, G. O. (2018). Plutarch's Rhythmic Prose. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
References
1957 births
British classical scholars
British Latinists
Scholars of Ancient Greek
Scholars of ancient Greek literature
Regius Professors of Greek (University of Oxford)
Fellows of Exeter College, Oxford
Living people
People from Hackney Central
People educated at the City of London School
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Fellows of Christ Church, Oxford
Jalan Sri Aman, or Jalan Akses Sri Aman, Federal Route 2105, is a federal road in Sri Aman Division, Sarawak, Malaysia. It is also a main route to Sri Aman town from Pan Borneo Highway.
At most sections, the Federal Route 2105 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, with a speed limit of .
List of junctions
Malaysian Federal Roads
Matthew ap David Edwards, later known as Matthew Davies was an English or Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons.
In 1604, they were elected Member of Parliament for Cardiff. They were re-elected MP for Cardiff in 1614.
References
Year of birth missing
1615 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Politicians from Cardiff
English MPs 1604–1611
English MPs 1614
Plamenih 5 (, trans. The Flaming 5) were a Yugoslav rock band formed in Belgrade in 1964. Despite having no official releases, the band are notable as one of the pioneers of the Yugoslav rock scene.
History
1964-1969
The band was formed in 1964. The first lineup featured Branislav Aranđelović (guitar), Dragoljub Pavlović (bass guitar), Miomir Petrović (rhtythm guitar), Dragoslav Lazarević (keyboards) and Dobrivoje Radojević (drums). The band's later lineups featured bass guitarist Slobodan "Boba" Orlić and rhythm guitarist Vojislav Čobanski.
Initially the band performed mostly the covers of beat hits. During 1965 the band held regular performances at the Euridika club in Belgrade. In May of the same year they won the first place at the Festival of Youth, and in December of the same year the band performed on the Parada ritma (Parade of Rhythm) festival in Hall 3 of the Belgrade Fair. At the beginning of 1966 they were joined by vocalist Haim Moreno, and in January 1966 the band competed on the Belgrade Gitarijada festival, winning the third place. Shortly after that they performed at Božidar Adžija People's University hall alongside the band Čavke and the Germany-based singer Danica Mihajlović "Daniela". In 1966 the band made their only recordings, when they performed as the backing band for Danica Mihajlović on their EP I Got You Baby. The EP featured the song "Ja nekoga želim" ("I Want Somebody"), which was later, under the title "I Need Somebody", covered by British pop singer Don Fardon.
During 1967 they often performed the song "Skarlet" ("Scarlet"), making a recording of it for Radio Belgrade, the recording becoming a minor hit for the band. For the TV show Koncert za ludi mladi svet (Concert for Young Crazy World) they recorded the song "Ja nikad nisam bio sam" ("I Was Never Alone").
At the end of 1967 Moreno was replaced by Miloš Stajić, and Aranđelović was replaced by Ljuba Sedlar. During this year Dragoljub Pavlović wrote the song "Oči" ("Eyes") for the omnibus film Vreme ljubavi (The Time of Love), for the story "Kavez" ("The Cage"); however, the film was never shown, possibly because it dealt with drug addiction.
Towards the end of the decade, the band moved towards more complex sound, but failed to achieve mainstream popularity. They disbanded at the end of the 1960s.
Post breakup
After they left Plamenih 5, Branislav Aranđelović formed the band Plamenih 6, which featured Miodrag Nedeljković (bass guitar), Lazar Paskul (organ), Dušan Ranković (trumpet), Miroslav Filipović (trombone) and Radomir Trivić (drums). Initially they performed as the backing band for Nina Spirova, Tomi Sovilj and Gordana Krisper. They had a diverse repertoire, but failed to reach larger popularity. In the 1980s Aranđelović played with Rokeri s Moravu.
During the 1970s Orlić was a member of Siluete and Opus. Dragoslav Lazarević worked as a sound recorder at Radio Belgrade.
In 2000 the bands song "Ja nikad nisam bio sam", originally recorded for Television Belgrade, was released on the various artists compilation album Jugobeat Explosion: 60s Punk From Yugoslavia by the Dutch record label Red Beat.
References
External links
Plamenih 5 at Discogs
Serbian rock music groups
Yugoslav rock music groups
Beat groups
Musical groups from Belgrade
Musical groups established in 1963
Musical groups disestablished in 1969
Doña Manuela Sánchez de Tagle y Sánchez de Tagle, 3rd Marquesa of Altamira was a Spanish-Mexican aristocrat.
Early life
Doña Manuela was the daughter of Don Pedro Sánchez de Tagle, 2nd Marquis of Altamira and Doña Luisa Sánchez de Tagle, daughter of Don Luis Sánchez de Tagle, 1st Marquis of Altamira. Them parent are first cousins, making them a product of inbreeding.
Family
Doña Manuela married on April 12, 1714, Don Pedro Pérez de Tagle, a distant relative and a member of the House of Tagle. Together they had a daughter, Doña Luisa Pérez de Tagle y Sánchez de Tagle.
They succeeded their father Don Pedro and became the 3rd Marquesa of Altamira.
The marquesa and their husband continued on the family business and enriched the Hacienda Cuisillos, which was the prime distributor of tequila in New Spain.
They were succeeded by their only daughter Doña Luisa Pérez de Tagle, who became the 4th Marquesa of Altamira
References
Tagle. Enigma de un nombre, Historia de un pueblo. Author: José Luis Sáiz Fernández
Nobleza Colonial de Chile. Author: J. Mujica
Diccionario Heráldico y Genealógico de Apellidos Españoles. Author: Alberto y Arturo García Garrafa
Nobiliario de los reinos y Señorios de España. Author: Francisco Piferrer
La Sociedad Chilena del siglo XVIII, Mayorazgos y Títulos de Castilla. Author: Domingo Amunátegui Solar
Patrons, Partisans, and Palace intrigues: the court society of Colonial Mexico. Author: Christoph Rosenmüller
External links
http://gw5.geneanet.org/index.php3?b=sanchiz&lang=es;p=manuela;n=sanchez+de+tagle+sanchez+de+tagle
http://gw1.geneanet.org/index.php3?b=fracarbo&lang=en;p=jose+bernardo;n=de+tagle+bracho+y+perez+de+la+riva
https://web.archive.org/web/20090220114504/http://per-can.com/CarpD/deTagle/deTagle.htm#Biografia
http://www.ianchadwick.com/tequila/16-17th%20centuries.htm
18th-century Spanish people
Marquesses of Altamira
Joseph Rogers Hollingsworth (July 26, 1932 – October 23, 2019) was an American historian and sociologist and emeritus professor of history and sociology at the University of Wisconsin, known for their work on the governance of capitalist economies, especially the American economy.
Life and work
Hollingsworth was born on July 26, 1932, in Anniston, Alabama to Efford L.M. Hollingsworth and Ila Pearl Rogers.
They graduated from Anniston High School and later obtained their MA at Emory University, and in 1960 their PhD in history at the University of Chicago.
After their graduation, they started their academic career at the University of Chicago and the University of Illinois. In 1964 they moved to the University of Wisconsin in Madison, where they were appointed associate professor of history with tenure, full professor of history in 1969, and professor of sociology in 1985. They were visiting scholar at St. John's College, Cambridge; Trinity College, Cambridge; and at the Institute for Nonlinear Science at the University of California, San Diego. At the Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study in the Social Sciences they were Torgny Segerstedt Chair. On June 2, 1995 they received an honorary doctorate from the Faculty of Humanities at Uppsala University, Sweden
They were appointed fellow at the American Philosophical Society, the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study, and at the Austrian Academy of Sciences.
Hollingsworth's later research interests were described as "an attempt to explain the reasons for variation among countries, over time, and in different research organizations in the rate at which major discoveries in biomedical science occur.  They are also engaged in a cross-national and historical research project that examines why countries varied in their capacity to be innovative in science-based industries during the twentieth century."
Selected publications
Campbell, John L., J. Rogers Hollingsworth, and Leon N. Lindberg. Governance of the American economy. Vol. 5. Cambridge University Press, 1991.
Hollingsworth, J. Rogers, Philippe C. Schmitter, and Wolfgang Streeck. Governing capitalist economies: Performance and control of economic sectors. OUP, 1994.
Hollingsworth, J. Rogers, and Robert Boyer. Contemporary capitalism: The embeddedness of institutions. Cambridge University Press, 1997.
Hollingsworth, Joseph Rogers Karl H. Müller, Ellen Jane Hollingsworth (2005) Advancing Socio-Economics: An Institutionalist Perspective.
Articles, a selection:
Hollingsworth, J. Rogers. "Doing institutional analysis: implications for the study of innovations." Review of International Political Economy 7.4 (2000): 595-644.
Hage, Jerald, and J. Rogers Hollingsworth. "A strategy for the analysis of idea innovation networks and institutions." Organization Studies 21.5 (2000): 971-1004.
References
External links
J. Rogers Hollingsworth University of Wisconsin-Madison
1932 births
2019 deaths
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
American sociologists
American systems scientists
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
American male non-fiction writers
State Route 9 (SR-9) is a state highway in southern Utah, serving Zion National Park. It starts at the western terminus at exit 16 on Interstate 15 (I-15), passing through Zion National Park, and ending at the eastern junction with U.S. Route 89 (US-89). The entire length of the highway has been designated the Zion Park Scenic Byway. There is a fee to travel through Zion National Park, but the Zion-Mt. Carmel Highway is open to private vehicles year-round. A separate fee is required for vehicles 7'10" wide and/or 11'4" tall or larger. This fee pays for a park employee to stop traffic from the other side of the Zion - Mt. Carmel Tunnel to allow the larger vehicles to pass through.
There is a smaller tunnel in Zion National Park that does not require an escort. Commercial vehicles are prohibited from using SR-9 and are directed to use SR-20 instead.
The entire route, including the connection through Zion National Park, has been listed as part of the National Highway System.
Route description
Harrisburg Junction to Zion National Park
SR-9 begins at I-15, Exit 16, at Harrisburg Junction, just north of Washington. Immediately upon exiting I-15, SR-9 enters the Coral Canyon Development, which features an 18-hole golf course. Coral Canyon is split by the city boundaries of Hurricane and Washington. Upon leaving this development, SR-9 passes through two ridges and begins its descent into the aptly named Purgatory Flats, home of the County Fairgrounds and a penitentiary. The 'flats' are a relatively level area between two sharply defined ridges. Quail Creek State Park lies about a mile to the north of the road between these two ridges. Upon passing through the second ridge, SR-9 crosses the Virgin River and climbs a small plateau to the region of Hurricane known as Brentwood. The road descends from this plateau into downtown Hurricane, where SR-59 splits to the south toward the Arizona border. SR-9 then swings north towards the town of La Verkin, crossing an old bridge over the La Verkin River Ravine, before entering that town. In La Verkin, SR-17 takes off to the north, where it meets back up with I-15. After leaving La Verkin, SR-9 heads uphill and passes several mesas before eventually going through the small towns of Virgin, Rockville, and Springdale.
Zion National Park to Mount Carmel Junction, Utah
This scenic section of SR-9 twists and turns along through Zion National Park and then another 12 miles to Mount Carmel Junction. This section of the road is called the Zion-Mount Carmel Highway and the section through the park is effectively a toll road requiring park access fees. The highway begins on the south side of Zion National Park following along the North Fork of the Virgin River. The road then turns at the junction of Pine Creek and the North Fork of the Virgin River and continues up Pine Creek Canyon, up the switchbacks and into the Zion-Mt. Carmel Tunnel. On the east side of the tunnel the highway continues through impressive scenery, past the Canyon Overlook Trailhead, the East Rim Trailhead and the unique Zion landmark, Checkerboard Mesa. Finally the road exits the park through the east entrance and later ends at the junction of SR-9 and US-89 in Mount Carmel Junction.
History
The road from Hurricane north through La Verkin to US-91 at Anderson Junction was added to the state highway system in 1912, and a branch was added from La Verkin Junction east to Zion National Park in 1916 and beyond to Mt. Carmel Junction in 1923.
In the 1920s, the State Road Commission assigned State Route 15 to the road from Anderson Junction to the park, while State Route 16 included the branch to Hurricane (and continued southeast to Arizona via present SR-59). In 1927, the state legislature extended SR-15 through the park to Mt. Carmel Junction, and added a new State Route 17, which formed a cutoff from US-91 at Harrisburg Junction east to Hurricane.
SR-17 also included SR-16 from Hurricane north to La Verkin Junction and southeast to Big Plain Junction, where the realigned SR-16 turned north to SR-15 at Rockville. The portion of SR-17 from Hurricane to Big Plain Junction was split off as SR-59 in 1931, leaving SR-15 and SR-17 as a loop off US-91 through Hurricane and La Verkin, with SR-15 continuing east through Zion National Park.
Construction began through and east of the national park in 1927, on the portion that had been added to the state highway system in 1923 and to SR-15 in 1927. The Nevada Construction Company completed the Zion-Mt. Carmel Tunnel in 1930, after three years of construction and a cost of $1,896,000. SR-15 and SR-17 were swapped in 1969, giving SR-15 the route from Harrisburg Junction and SR-17 its present route. In the 1977 renumbering, SR-15 was renumbered SR-9 due to the existence of Interstate 15.
The 1992 St. George earthquake destroyed three houses as well as above- and below-ground utilities, causing about $1 million in damage. In the Balanced Rock Hills area of Springdale, a landslide covered part of SR-9, taking several hours to complete movement. The slide was about long and wide, contained boulders up to in diameter, with a total volume of and total area of .
Future
As of 2019, the Utah Department of Transportation is studying a potential upgrade of the segment of SR-9 between I-15 and the junction with the Southern Parkway (SR-7), located at approximately 2800 West.
Major intersections
References
External links
East Zion Tourism Council
Zion Park Scenic Byway - U.S. Department of Transportation/National Scenic Byways Program
Utah State Route 9 Flickr Group
009
009
009
009
The Pac-12 Conference Softball Tournament is the conference tournament in softball for the Pac-12 Conference. It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on Pac-12 regular season standings. The winner receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Softball Tournament.
The Pac-12 was one of the few conferences to not host a conference tournament at the end of the regular season. After several years of consideration, the tournament will begin in 2023.
Tournament
The Pac-12 Softball tournament is a single-elimination tournament which in 2023 will be held at Rita Hillenbrand Memorial Stadium in Tucson, Arizona. All nine of the Pac-12 schools which field softball teams qualify for the tournament. (Colorado, USC & Washington State do not field a team). The winner earns the Pac-12's guaranteed bid to the NCAA Tournament.
Champions
By school
References
The 12th Parliament of Pakistan was the unicameral legislature of Pakistan formed after the 11th Parliament of Pakistan. There were 342 Members of Parliament, including 56 for Women and 10 for Minorities.
KPK
Shabbir Ahmed Khan
Maulana Rehmatullah Khalil
Qari Fayaz-ur-Rehman Alvi
Shabir Hussain Awan
Qazi Hussain Ahmed
Maulana Hamidul-Haq Haqqani
Maulana Muhammad Gohar Shah
Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao
Maulana Shujaul-Mulk
Moulana Mohammad Qasim
Ata-ur-Rahman
Muhammad Usman
Maulana Khalil Ahmad
Mufti Ibrar Sultan
Maulana Shah Abdul Aziz
Akhunzada Muhammad Sadiq
Amanullah Khan Jadoon
Sardar Muhammad Yaqub
Omar Ayub Khan
Sardar Shah Jahan Yousaf
Maulana Abdul Malik
Qari Muhammad Yousaf
Maulvi Abdul Halim Khan
Maulana Fazalur-Rehman
Atta-ur-Rehman
Maulana Syed Nasib Ali Shah
Maulana Amanullah Khan
Sher Akbar Khan
Qari Abdul Bais Siddiqui
Fazle Subhan
Amir Muqam
Maulana Abdul Akbar Chitrali
Maulana Asadullah
Maulana Ahmad Ghafoor
FATA
Maulana Ghulam Muhammad Sadiq
Syed Javed Hussain
Munir Khan Orakzai
Syed Ghazi Gulab Jamal
Maulana Syed Nek Zaman
Maulana Abdul Malik Wazir
Maulana Mohammad Merajuddin
Sheikh Alhadees Maulana Muhammad Sadiq
Sahibzada Haroon Rashid
Muhammad Noor- ul-Haq Qadri
Maulana Khalilur-Rehman Afridi
Naseem Gul Afridi
Islamabad
Mian Muhammad Aslam
Syed Nayyar Hussain Bokhari
Punjab
Ghulam Murtaza Satti
Raja Pervez Ashraf
Nisar Ali Khan
Ghulam Sarwar Khan
Zammurd Khan
Sheikh Rashid Ahmed
Muhammad Hanif Abbasi
Malik Amin Aslam Khan
Malik Allah Yar Khan
Shaukat Aziz
Tahir Iqbal
Muhammad Faez Tamman
Ch. Shahbaz Hussain
Raja Muhammad Asad Khan
Inam ul Haq Piracha
Ch. Ghias Ahmed Mela
Tasneem Ahmed Qureshi
Anwar Ali Cheema
Mazhar Ahmed Qureshi
Sumaira Malik
Malik Muhammad Saifullah Tiwana
Imran Khan
Sher Afghan Khan Niazi
Muhammad Sanaullah Khan Mastikhel
Rashid Akbar Khan
Ghulam Rasool Sahi
Muhammad Wasi Zafar
Muhammad Asim Nazir
Rajab Ali Khan Baloch
Rana Asif Tauseef
Nisar Ahmed
Muhammad Fazal Karim
Mushtaq Ali Cheema
Abid Sher Ali
Raja Nadir Pervaiz Khan
Muhammad Tahir Shah
Ghulam Bibi Bharwana
Faisal Saleh Hayat
Sheikh Waqqas Akram
Saima Akhtar Bharwana
Muhammad Mehboob Sultan
Amjad Ali Warriach
Mian Muhammad Farhan Latif
Riaz Fatyana
Ch. Imranullah
Qazi Hamidullah Khan
Shahid Akram Bhinder
Imtiaz Safdar Warriach
Rana Omer Nazir Ahmed Khan
Ch. Ahmad Raza
Ch. Bilal Ejaz
Hamid Nasir Chattha
Mehdi Hassan Bhatti
Ch. Liaqat Abbas
Ch. Wajahat Hussain
Ch. Shujaat Hussain
Qamar Zaman Kaira
Rehman Naseer Chaudhry
Aijaz Ahmed Chaudhry
Zulfiqar Ali Gondal
Khawaja Muhammad Asif
Ch. Amir Hussain
Umar Ahmad Ghuman
Ali Asjid Malhi
Zahid Hamid
Muhammad Nasir Khan
Danial Aziz Chaudhry
Riffat Javaid Kahlon
Hafiz Salman Butt
Khawaja Saad Rafique
Mohammad Pervaiz Malik
Farid Ahmad Paracha
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq
Muhammad Javed Hashmi
Aitzaz Ahsan
Hamayun Akhtar Khan
Liaqat Baloch
Tahir-ul-Qadri
Zaheer Abbas Khokhar
Habibullah Warraich
Samina Khalid Ghurki
Zulfiqar Ahmed Dhillon
Mian Jalil Ahmad
Muhammad Saeed Virk
Khurram Munawar Manj
Mian Shamim Haider
Bilal Ahmed Virk
Rai Mansab Ali Khan
Sardar Tufail Ahmed Khan
Ch. Manzoor Ahmed
Mian Khursheed Mahmud Kasuri
Sardar Muhammad Asif Nakai
Sardar Talib Hassan Nakai
Rai Muhammad Aslam Kharal
Rao Sikandar Iqbal
Syed Gulzar Sibtain Shah
Rao Muhammad Ajmal Khan
Rubina Shaheen Wattoo
Shah Mahmood Qureshi
Malik Liaquat Ali Dogar
Rana Mahmoodul-Hassan
Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan
Syed Asad Murtaza Gillani
Syed Jafar Hussain Bukhari
Nawab Aman Ullah Khan
Muhammad Akhtar Khan Kanju
Muhammad Raza Hayat Hiraj
Hamid Yar Hiraj
Pir Muhammad Aslam Bodla
Ghulam Murtaza Maitla
Ch. Nouraiz Shakoor Khan
Rana Tariq Javed
Rai Aziz Ullah Khan
Saeed Ahmed Chaudhry
Pir Muhammad Shah Khaggah
Ahmed Raza Maneka
Junaid Mumtaz Joya
Ch. Nazir Ahmed Jatt
Ishaq Khan Khakwani
Aftab Ahmed Khan Khiachi
Azhar Ahmed Khan
Khawaja Sheraz Mahmood
Sardar Farooq Ahmed Khan
Awais Ahmad Khan
Sardar Muhammad Jaffar Khan
Muhammad Nasrullah Khan
Khalida Mohsin Ali Qureshi
Hina Rabbani Khar
Muhammad Shahid Jamil Qureshi
Makhdumzada Basti Bokhari
Abdul Qayyum Khan Jatoi
Sardar Bahadur Ahmed Khan
Malik Niaz Ahmed Jakhar
Makhdoom Syed Ali Hassan Gilani
Aamir Yar Malik
Muhammad Farooq Azam Malik
Riaz Hussain Pirzada
Syed Tasneem Nawaz Gardezi
Syed Muhammad Asghar Shah
Mian Mumtaz Matyana
Tahir Bashir Cheema
Muhammad Ijaz- ul-Haq
Syed Ahmad Alam Anwar
Tanvir Hussain Syed
Makhdoom Khusro Bakhtyar
Jehangir Khan Tareen
Zafar Iqbal Warraich
Rais Munir Ahmed
Muhammad Aftab
Sindh
Syed Khurshid Ahmed Shah
Abdul Mujeeb Pirzada
Khalid Ahmed Khan Lund
Ali Nawaz Mahar
Muhammad Ibrahim Jatoi
Ghous Bux Khan Mahar
Muhammad Anwar Bughio
Hizbullah Bughio
Khalid Iqbal Memon
Shahid Hussain Bhutto
Meer Aijaz Hussain Jakhrani
Hazar Khan Bijarani
Sardar Saleem Khan Mazari
Abdul Ghaffar Khan Jatoi
Syed Zafar Ali Shah
Azra Fazal Pechuho
Syed Ghulam Mustafa Shah
Manzoor Hussain Wassan
Syed Javed Ali Shah Jilani
Syed Fazal Ali Shah Jeelani
Makhdoom Amin Fahim
Khalid Wahab
Abul Khair Mohammad Zubair
Syed Amir Ali Shah
Syed Naveed Qamar Shah
Shamshad Sattar Bachani
Ghulam Ali Nizamani
Fahmida Mirza
Syed Aftab Hussain Shah Jillani
Syed Qurban Ali Shah
Muhammad Yousuf Talpur
Arbab Zakaullah
Ghulam Hyder Samejo
Abdul Ghani Talpur
Rafique Ahmed Jamali
Liaqat Ali Jatoi
Khuda Bux Nizamani
Abdul Quddus Rajar
Liaquat Ali Marri
Syed Ayaz Ali Shah Sherazi
Muhammad Ali Malkani
Hakim Qari Gul Rehman
Abid Ali Umang
Laeeque Khan
Abdul Kadir Khanzada
Abdul Waseem
Syed Haider Abbas Shah Rizvi
Kunwar Khalid Younus
Nisar Ahmed Panhwar
Israr- ul-Ebad Khan
Nabil Ahmed Gabol
Aamer Liaquat Hussain
Abdus Sattar Afghani
Syed Safwan Ullah Shah
Muhammad Hussain Mehanti
Asadullah Bhutto
Nawab Mirza
Farooq Sattar
Iqbal Muhammad Ali Khan
Muhammad Shamim Siddiqui
Sher Muhammad Baloch
Balochistan
Fazal Ahmed Ghazi
Molvi Noor Muhammad
Hafiz Hussain Ahmed
Gul Muhammad Dummar
Mahmood Khan Achakzai
Sardar Muhammad Yaqoob Khan Nasir
Muhammad Khan Sherani
Mir Haider Bughti
Mir Zafrullah Khan Jamali
Yar Muhammad Rind
Abdul Ghafoor Haidri
Abdul Rauf Mengal
Abdul Qadir Jamaluddin
Maulana Rehmatullah Baluch
Zobaida Jalal
Women
Minorities
Akram Masih Gill
Ch. Haroon Qaiser
Gayan Chand Singh
M.P. Bhandara
Mushtaq Victor
Ramesh Lal
Pervaiz Masih
Asiya Nasir
Krishan Bheel
Dev Das
References
External links
National Assembly of Pakistan
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Lists of members of the National Assembly of Pakistan by term
Bethnal Green North East was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Bethnal Green
William Russell (1782September 28, 1845) was a United States Representative from Ohio.
Early life and career
Born in the Kingdom of Ireland in 1782, Russell immigrated to the United States and settled in West Union, Ohio. They received a limited schooling and later in life held several local offices. They first served in the Ohio House of Representatives in 1803.
In 1808 Russell married Nancy Wood. They had six sons and one daughter, and eventually settled in Portsmouth, Ohio.
Ohio member of congress and senator
Russell was elected in December 1809 to fill a vacancy caused by Ohio Congressman Alexander Campbell's resignation. They served in that same capacity again from 1811 to 1813. Russell held a seat in the Ohio Senate from 1819 to 1821.
US House
Russell was elected (as a Jacksonian) to the Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Congresses (March 4, 1827 – March 3, 1833). Their reelection bid for the Twenty-third Congress in 1832 was unsuccessful.
Russell was elected (as a Whig) to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 3, 1843). They did not run for reelection in 1842.
Retirement and death
Russell retired to their farm along the Little Scioto River, where they died September 28, 1845. They were interred in the old section of Rushtown Cemetery, in Rushtown, Ohio.
References
External links
1782 births
1845 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
People from West Union, Ohio
People from Portsmouth, Ohio
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
Foxholm is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Ward County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 75 as of the 2010 census.
Foxholm is located along U.S. Route 52, northwest of Minot and southeast of the Saskatchewan and North Dakota border at Portal, ND/North Portal, SK. Foxholm is in the Des Lacs River Valley.
A post office called Foxholm was established in 1894, and remained in operation until 1967. The community supposedly was named after a place in England.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Ward County, North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Ward County, North Dakota
Kalisizo General Hospital, also Kalisizo Hospital, is a hospital in the Central Region of Uganda.
Location
The hospital is located in the town of Kalisizo, in Kyotera District, on the Masaka–Mutukula Road, about southwest of Masaka Regional Referral Hospital. The coordinates of the hospital are:0°32'08.0"S, 31°37'22.0"E (Latitude:-0.535543; Longitude:31.622779).
Overview
Kalisizo General Hospital is government regional referral hospital with a bed capacity of 120. The hospital treats many cases of malaria, particularly among children. As with most government hospitals in the country, Kalisizo hospital has challenges related to lack of appropriate medical equipment, lack of blood, and lack of appropriate medicines.
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Biikira Health Centre III, Kalisizo Hospital Fight Over Ambulance
Hospitals in Uganda
Kyotera District
Central Region, Uganda
Milochori (, before 1927: Λύγκα - Lygka, ) is a village in the Mouriki municipal unit, northern Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. It is located 30 km east of Ptolemaida. It is situated at an altitude of 680 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50005, while the telephone code is +30 24630. At the 2011 census, the population was 582.
References
External links
Agricultural Cooperative of Milochori
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
This is a timeline of incidents in 1981 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1981
1981
Terr
Michaela Pavlíčková (born 27 November 1977 in Prague) is a Czech former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics. A forward, they attended the University of Denver where they played for its women's basketball team, coming from their last secondary year at Boulder High School in Boulder, Colorado, after moving from Prague. Pavlíčková was drafted in the second round of the 2001 WNBA draft by the Utah Starzz, playing 18 games in two separate seasons for the Starzz and the Phoenix Mercury. After their WNBA stint was over, they moved back to Europe to finish their professional career.
References
1977 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Czech expatriate basketball people in the United States
Czech women's basketball players
College women's basketball players in the United States
Forwards (basketball)
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Phoenix Mercury players
University of Denver alumni
Utah Starzz draft picks
Utah Starzz players
Sportspeople from Prague
Xavier Zubiri (4 December 1898 – 21 September 1983) was a Spanish philosopher.
Zubiri was a member of the Madrid School, composed of philosophers José Ortega y Gasset (the founder of the group), José Gaos, and Julián Marías, among others.<ref>A. Pablo Iannone, Dictionary of World Philosophy', Routledge, 2013, p. 328: "Madrid School".</ref> Zubiri's philosophy has been categorized as a "materialist open realism", which "attempted to reformulate classical metaphysics, in a language that was entirely compatible with modern science". This relates to Xavier Zubiri's educational background.
Biography
Zubiri first received a philosophical and theological formation in Madrid and Rome. Later, they deepened their studies in philosophy through their graduate studies in Louvain, writing their dissertation on phenomenology. In 1929, Zubiri's critical interest in this current of thought took them to Freiburg, when they already are a professor in Madrid. There, they studied with Edmund Husserl and Martin Heidegger. In 1930, Zubiri moved to Berlin, where they studied physics, philology and biology. There, they were hosted in Harnack House, which enabled Zubiri to socialize with important minds of this great period of academic activity in the Weimar Republic. For example, Albert Einstein (whom Zubiri had already met in Madrid, at Universidad Central, in 1923), Max Planck, Werner Jaeger, Erwin Schrödinger, among others.
When civil war broke out in Spain in 1936, Zubiri moved to Paris. There, they continued having an intensive intellectual life, attending courses with Louis de Broglie, Frédéric Joliot, Irène Curie, Elie Joseph Cartan and Emile Benveniste, among others. In 1939, just before France declared war with Germany, Zubiri returned to Spain. Zubiri's philosophy is little known outside of Spain and Latin America, mostly because Zubiri was compelled to resign from formal academic positions in Spain, in 1942. This had to do with the lack of academic freedoms in Francisco Franco's regime. However, it was possible for Zubiri to continue their work as an academic, through the sponsorship of family and friends. Zubiri was a prolific author in the Spanish magazines Cruz y Raya (led by José Bergamín) and Revista de Occidente (led by José Ortega y Gasset) under the second Spanish republic. However, after their resignation from Spanish universities, Zubiri did not publish much in established peer reviewed journals. Nonetheless, they did publish a series of books and research articles. Zubiri's work was initially not well received by established academic environments in Spain. This was mostly explained by the political context under Franco. But Zubiri's relationship to scholars like Ignacio Ellacuría made Zubiri's work widely known in Latin America, where Zubiri's thought has been further developed.
Recently, Spanish academics have begun to recognize the importance of Zubiri's life and philosophy. For the same reasons outlined above, Zubiri's contact with the formal academic environments of the English speaking world was limited. There is all but one recorded visit by Zubiri to the United States, specifically Princeton University, on October 2, 1946. In Princeton, Zubiri lectured in French on "The real and mathematics- A philosophical problem" ("Le reel et les mathematiques—Un probleme de philosophie"). Some of Zubiri's work has been translated to English: "On Essence" (Caponigri, 1980), "Sentient Intelligence" (Fowler, 1999), "The Dynamic Structure of Reality" (Orringer, 2003) and "The Fundamental problems of Western Metaphysics" (Redondo & Fowler 2009). Despite their relative academic isolation at home in Spain, Zubiri has also been recognized in other countries. In 1979, the German government awarded Zubiri and Laín Entralgo the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany. Zubiri was awarded this distinction for their work in their books "Nature, History, God" (1954) and "On Essence" (1962). Zubiri's work has also been translated to French, German, Italian and Portuguese.
Bibliography
This overview is taken from a more extensive list of articles and books by and about Xavier Zubiri. This list is continuously updated by "Fundación Xavier Zubiri".
Naturaleza, Historia, Dios (1944)
Sobre la esencia (1ª ed. 1962 en Soc.E y P; 6ª edición ya en Alianza, 1998)
Cinco lecciones de filosofía (1ª ed., 1963 en Soc.E y P; 1ª reimpresión en Alianza, 1997);
Inteligencia sentiente. *Inteligencia y realidad (Soc.E y P, 1980; 50 ed. Alianza/F.XZ.);
Inteligencia y logos (Soc.E y P/Alianza, 1982)
Inteligencia y razón (Soc.E y P/Alianza, 1983)
El hombre y Dios (1ª ed. a cargo de Ignacio Ellacuría, 1984)
Sobre el hombre (1ª ed. a cargo de Ignacio Ellacuría, 1986)
Estructura dinámica de la realidad (1989, ed. a cargo de Diego Gracia)
Sobre el sentimiento y la volición (1992, ed. a cargo de Diego Gracia)
El problema filosófico de la historia de las religiones (1993, a cargo de Antonio González)
Los problemas fundamentales de la Metafísica occidental (1994, a cargo de Antonio Pintor Ramos)
Espacio. Tiempo. Materia (1996, Segunda edición revisada 2008)
El problema teologal del hombre: Cristianismo (1997, a cargo de Antonio González)
El hombre y la verdad (1999, a cargo de Juan Antonio Nicolás)
Primeros escritos (1921–1926), ed. de 2000, por Antonio Pintor Ramos
Sobre la realidad (2001, a cargo de José Antonio Martínez)
Sobre el problema de la filosofía y otros escritos (1932–1944), 1ª ed. de 2002, a cargo de Germán Marquínez Argote
El hombre: lo real y lo irreal (1ª ed. 2005, a cargo de Jesús Conill)
Tres dimensiones del ser humano: individual, social, histórica (1ª ed. 2006, a cargo de Jordi Corominas)
Escritos menores (1953–1983) (1ª ed. de 2007, a cargo de Germán Marquínez Argote)
Cursos universitarios I (1ª ed. 2007, a cargo de Manuel Mazón)
Cinco lecciones de filosofía – Con un nuevo curso inédito (2009, a cargo de Antonio Pintor Ramos)
Cursos Universitarios, vol. II (2010, a cargo de Manuel Mazón)
Acerca del mundo (2010, a cargo de Antonio González)
Cursos Universitarios, vol. III (1933–1934). 2012. A cargo de Manuel Mazón
Fascículo editado por la propia Fundación: Sobre el problema de la filosofía'' (Madrid, 1996)
References
External links
(English) Xavier Zubiri Foundation of North America
(Spanish) Fundación Xavier Zubiri (Madrid)
(Spanish) Materials on Xavier Zubiri
(Spanish) Collection of news about Xavier Zubiri in the Spanish newspaper "El País", 1976–2013
1889 births
1983 deaths
People from San Sebastián
Catholic philosophers
Basque philosophers
Spanish philosophers
20th-century Spanish Roman Catholic theologians
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Heidegger scholars
Star Sixes is a competitive six-a-side indoor football competition, where former international association football players are chosen to represent a senior national team for which they played. The inaugural event took place in July 2017 in London, at The O2 Arena. Further regionalised events were set for late-2017 in Asia. A 2019 edition was confirmed in October 2018.
Format
For the inaugural edition, all teams participating had a squad of ten players, with six being on the field of play including a captain. Squads were chosen by the team captain and the tournament organisers. There were three groups of four. In the groups, each team played each other team once and the top two from each group, plus two best third-placed teams, progressed to the quarter-finals, before facing off for a place in the semi-final and subsequent final. Six group matches (two from each group) took place on day one, before the same amount on days two and three. The quarter-finals were held on day three with the semi-finals, third place play-off and final following on the last day of competition. There was no extra time or penalties in the group stage but a penalty shoot-out could have been played if a knockout fixture ended tied. Group matches lasted for 20 minutes, while knockout fixtures lasted for 30 minutes, with short half-time breaks.
2017 edition
Before the launch, Steven Gerrard, Michael Owen, Robert Pires, Michael Ballack, Deco, Carles Puyol, Roberto Carlos and Jay-Jay Okocha were announced as player participants while Australia, Brazil, China, England, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Nigeria, Portugal and Spain were announced as nation participants. The 2017 edition was officially launched at The O2 Arena on 24 January 2017, during which more players were announced, namely Jens Lehmann, David James, Emile Heskey, Rio Ferdinand, Dominic Matteo and Gaizka Mendieta. Australia and Netherlands were replaced with Denmark and Scotland, but no reason was given.
The group stage draw, conducted by captains Ballack and Pires, took place on 24 March, it was broadcast live in the United Kingdom on Sky Sports News HQ.
Players
Gerrard, Pires, Ballack, Okocha, Deco, Matteo and Puyol were captains of their respective teams. Don Hutchison, Olivier Dacourt, Míchel Salgado, Martin Jørgensen, Stig Tøfting, William Gallas and Eric Abidal were later announced. Five players were added to Scotland's squad on 10 March, including Paul Dickov and Barry Ferguson. Marcel Desailly was one of three players added to France's squad on 15 March. Juliano Belletti was added for Brazil five days later. Spain added four players on 24 March, and the full Mexico squad was announced on 28 March. Gilberto Silva (Brazil) and Christian Abbiati (Italy) were announced on 31 March.
Maniche, Vítor Baía and Fernando Couto joined Portugal's squad on 12 April. Germany added three players days later. John Sivebæk and Daniel Jensen were added to Denmark's squad on 19 April. Scotland completed their squad on 21 April with the additions of Jackie McNamara, Mark Burchill and Neil McCann. Celestine Babayaro joined Nigeria's squad on 5 May. Five more players were announced in May, while Betsafe became the naming rights holders. On 26 May, Daniel Amokachi, Julius Aghahowa and Garba Lawal joined Nigeria. José Bosingwa joined Portugal on 7 June. Rivaldo was one of three players added for Brazil on 9 June, they were also named captain for Brazil. Fabrizio Ravanelli joined Italy on 15 June.
Dietmar Hamann joined Germany on 16 June, prior to Nuno Gomes, Raul Meireles, Kevin Kurányi, Mads Junker, Mikkel Beckmann, Chris Sørensen, Hjalte Nørregaard and Per Krøldrup all signing up on 23 June. Juninho, Djalminha, Danny Murphy, Paul Merson, Carlos Marchena and Lee Hendrie joined during the following week. Italy added six on 29 June, including Paolo Di Canio, but also lost two as Christian Abbiati and Simone Perrotta (injured) left the competition. Also on 29 June, three players joined Nigeria. On 30 June, Portugal completed their squad while China's entire team was announced. Youri Djorkaeff also joined France. Twelve new faces joined on 6 July, including two replacements; Richard Hughes replaced Neil McCann (who pulled out following their appointment as Dundee manager) while Erubey Cabuto took the place of the injured Jorge Campos. The squad lists were completed on 11 July with France, Germany and Spain adding players; Germany added three including Timo Hildebrand who replaces Lehmann; this means Germany have eleven players, it is presumed that one of their players will withdraw - that player was later confirmed as David Odonkor. German-born former Northern Irish international Maik Taylor was announced as the competition's back-up goalkeeper. Ferdinand withdrew from the competition on 13 July following the death of their mother. They were replaced by Luke Young.
Maik Taylor was a reserve goalkeeper for all nations.
Colin Hendry was a replacement for Scotland.
Group standings
Group A
Group B
Group C
Knockout phase
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Top goalscorers
9 goals
Míchel Salgado
6 goals
Júlio Baptista
Luis García
5 goals
Ludovic Giuly
Fernando Morientes
4 goals
Chris Sørensen
Yakubu
2019 edition
The competition's second edition was announced in October 2018, with the SSE Hydro in Glasgow, Scotland hosting. It will feature past participants England and Scotland, along with Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, Wales and a Rest of the World XI. The schedule was revealed on 23 October, with the Rest of the World facing Northern Ireland in the opening fixture.
Players
Michael Owen and Robert Pires were the first players announced. Barry Ferguson returned to play for hosts Scotland, captaining the side in place of Dominic Matteo. Simon Donnelly, Keith Gillespie and Paddy McCourt were revealed as players in October 2018. Stiliyan Petrov and Jason McAteer were two of seven new faces announced on 18 October, on the same day as FansBet were announced as title sponsors. David James and Emile Heskey's return for England was confirmed on 25 October, with Wayne Bridge joining a day later. Maik Taylor, Stephen Craigan, Steven Reid, Gaizka Mendieta and Luke Young were added to their respective teams towards the end of October. Jay-Jay Okocha agreed to return on 1 November. Tony Capaldi and Colin Murdock joined Northern Ireland on 2 November, while Scotland announced three signings on 5 November. Vítor Baía and Ronald de Boer joined the ROTW later that day. Republic of Ireland's John Aldridge signed on 7 November, along with Wes Brown (England) and Pierre van Hooijdonk (Rest of the World) days later.
Joe Cole joined England on 15 November, days after they announced their retirement from professional football. Scotland's Lee McCulloch was announced on 16 November. Star Sixes revealed Martin Jørgensen and Ryan Giggs as players at the end of November, with Craig Bellamy, Darren Bent and Charlie Miller subsequently being announced. Dean Shiels was added to Northern Ireland's squad in December, along with David Dunn (England) and Owen Coyle (Rep. of Ireland). Ryan Giggs withdrew due to injury on 30 December. Before Giggs' departure, the rest of the tournament's players were revealed two days prior. Andy Legg and Simon Church were revealed on the opening day, replacing Giggs and Craig Bellamy; whose withdrawal coincided with their temporary departure as academy coach of Cardiff City after claims of bullying. Warren Feeney replaced Capaldi, Stephen Hunt replaced Reid and Niall Quinn replaced Aldridge.
Dominic Matteo was announced as Scotland's manager.
Group standings
Knockout phase
Fifth place play-off
Third place play-off
Final
Media coverage
2017
2019
References
External links
Official website
Football in the United Kingdom
Indoor soccer competitions
Watchara Buranakruea (; born 8 August 1991) is a Thai badminton player. They won the 2014 Smiling Fish International tournament in the men's doubles event partnered with Trawut Potieng and in the mixed doubles event partnered with Phataimas Muenwong.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Watchara Buranakruea
Briot may refer to:
People
Charles Auguste Briot (1817–1882), French mathematician
Isaac Briot (1585–1670), French engraver and draughtsman
Maryvonne Briot (born 1959), French politician
Nicholas Briot (1579–1646), French coin engraver, medallist and mechanical engineer
Places
Briot, Oise, France
Avis Kimble (born October 18, 1944) is an American model. At age 17 they were photographed by Jon Pownall to become Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its November 1962 issue.
Avis was one of three finalists for that year's Playmate of the Year, and appeared on the cover of the January 1963 issue. June Cochran beat out Avis and Laura Young for the title. Kimble worked as a Bunny at the Chicago Playboy Club, and also ran a boutique in the Windy City at the same time.
They were one of the Editors' choices for the top ten Playmates of all time during Playboy's ten-year anniversary celebration. They did not make the top ten list when the readers' top ten was voted on.
See also
List of people in Playboy 1960–1969
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
1960s Playboy Playmates
The Horsa Nunataks () are an isolated group of about five partly snow-covered nunataks, more than high, which rise above Roberts Ice Piedmont, north of Mount Calais, in the northeastern part of Alexander Island, Antarctica. They were first photographed from the air in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill, and were surveyed from the ground in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. The names for these nunataks and for the isolated Hengist Nunatak to the south are for the brother chieftains, Hengist and Horsa, who were believed to have led the first Saxon bands which settled England in the fifth century.
See also
Ceres Nunataks
Quaver Nunatak
Titan Nunatak
References
Nunataks of Alexander Island
Ban Mai (, ) is one of the six subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Yai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Nong Phrao Ngai, Bang Khu Rat, Bang Mae Nang, Bang Yai and Khlong Yong. In 2020 it had a total population of 9,206 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 11 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations.
Bang Yai Subdistrict Municipality ()
Ban Mai Subdistrict Administrative Organization ()
References
External links
Website of Bang Yai Subdistrict Municipality
Website of Ban Mai Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Affective priming, also called affect priming, is a type of response priming and was first proposed by Russell H. Fazio. This type of priming entails the evaluation of people, ideas, objects, goods, etc., not only based on the physical features of those things, but also on affective context. The affective context may come from previous life experiences, and therefore, primes may arouse emotions rather than ideas. Most research and concepts about affective priming derive from the affective priming paradigm, which looks to make judgments of neutral affective targets following positive, neutral, or negative primes. A prominent derivation of affective priming paradigm is the Affect Misattribution Procedure (AMP), developed by Payne, Cheng, Govorun, and Stewart. The main idea of AMP is to measure implicit attitudes, therefore, if the evaluation of the prime stimuli of an object is positive, it is said that the person has a positive attitude toward the object exposed.
Affective priming paradigm
The intent of this affective priming paradigm had initially the intent of eliminating the bias created by affective priming research self-reports. As a consequence, Fazio created the affective priming paradigm, which focuses on the evaluation of automatic stimuli. One finding of studies that use this paradigm says that “performance is typically faster and more accurate when a prime and target are congruent and have the same emotional information (e.g., “flower”–“wedding”) compared with when they are incongruent and have different emotional information (e.g., “party' –“corpse”).”
Affective automatic response
Affective priming has been long said to be related to implicit attitudes . Some research suggests that affective priming is triggered by multiple, simultaneous mechanisms. Added to this, it has found that deeper processing of the target being evaluated can significantly hinder the influence of the prime. On the other hand, deeper processing prime significantly increases the prime's influence and it is retrieved more easily in subsequent occasions.
There is still a great need of research related to affective priming and automatic processing. Some arguments in favor of a strong relationship between the two argue that these affective priming processes 1) lack intentionality, 2) are highly efficient, 3) have reduced controllability, 4) are triggered at a high speed, especially when there is a motivationally relevant stimulus, and 5) there is reduced awareness of the origin, meaning, and occurrence of the response.
Seib-Pfeifer and Gibbons have suggested that affective priming processing is linked to the right central-to-parieto-occipital positive slow wave (PSW).
Other factors that contribute to this relationship between affective priming and automatic processing include switching tasks, salience asymmetry, and potentially strategic recoding.
Valence vs arousal
There is much discussion in the world of psychology about the effects of valence and arousal in affect priming, since they both seem to affect it, but there has been little research on which of the two has a greater effect on this type of priming. For example, one study by Yao, Shu, and Luo asserts that valence has a greater effect, based on their findings regarding the stability of valence-driven priming effects against arousal-driven effects and their information in the semantic system.
References
Social psychology
Cognitive psychology
Carmichaelia williamsii (common name William's broom or giant-flowered broom) is a species of plant in the family Fabaceae. It is found only in the North Island of New Zealand. Its conservation status (2018) is "At Risk (relict)" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System.
Description
Carmichaelia williamsii is the only yellow-flowered native broom, and it is distinguished from the introduced broom (Cytisus scoparius (L.) Link) by its light green, much wider, and more flattened branches, together with its larger, pale-yellow flowers which have purple or red veins, and its late-winter flowering (July to October, though flowering can occur throughout the year).
Taxonomy
The species was first described by Thomas Kirk in 1880. The earliest record in AVH, SP026354 was collected by Bishop William Williams in 1879 somewhere in the North Island, and for whom Kirk named it.
Habitat
It is a coastal species found in open forest, scrub, cliff faces and on scree.
References
External links
Carmichaelia williamsii occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium
williamsii
Flora of New Zealand
Taxa named by Thomas Kirk
Plants described in 1880
Iraqi Post is a government-owned corporation that handles postal services in Iraq. Iraqi Post belongs to the Ministry of Communications.
See also
List of postal codes in Iraq
Postage stamps and postal history of Iraq
References
External links
Iraqi Telecom & Post Company (ITPC)
Postal organizations
Pos
Telecommunication companies of Iraq
Postal system of Iraq
Communications in Iraq
Philately of Iraq
Companies based in Baghdad
Altstadt Church () was a medieval church in the Altstadt quarter of Königsberg, Germany. It was dismantled during the 1820s and replaced with New Altstadt Church.
History
The originally Roman Catholic parish church of Saint Nicholas was built in Altstadt south of Königsberg Castle in 1264 and then rebuilt from 1504 to 1537. The Antonine monk Johann Amandus began preaching a Protestant sermon at the church in 1523, but was expelled the following year for being an agitating iconoclast. Johannes Poliander became pastor in 1526 following the creation of the Duchy of Prussia and the parish's conversion to Lutheranism. Johann Funck served as pastor before becoming court preacher in 1549. Andreas Osiander was interred at the church in 1552, as was Hans Luther, Saxon privy councilor and son of Martin Luther, in 1575. Paul Siefert was organist at the church in 1611. Because of the growing size of Altstadt's parish, Neurossgarten Church was constructed in the 1640s to the northwest. Georg Riedel was a cantor at the church from 1709 to 1738.
A new organ was designed for the Altstadt Church by Adam Gottlob Casparini in 1763. The church's nearby square, Altstädtischer Kirchenplatz, was developed in 1803.
Because the church had begun to sink and crack, it was dismantled from 1826 to 1828. The last sermon was held there in 1824, with services temporarily moved to Neurossgarten Church. The replacement New Altstadt Church built northwest of the castle was dedicated in 1845. Its pulpit, choir, and altar were transferred from or based on its predecessor.
After the dismantling of the original church, the parish converted the Altstädtischer Kirchenplatz into an enclosed garden; the developing square was renamed Kaiser-Wilhelm-Platz in 1897.
Gallery
References
Churches completed in 1264
Buildings and structures demolished in 1828
Destroyed churches in Germany
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches converted from Roman Catholicism
Religious organizations established in the 1260s
ru:Альтштадтская кирха
The Medal of Bravery () is a decoration that is, within the Canadian system of honours, the third highest award for bravery, and one of the three Canadian Bravery Decorations gifted by the Canadian monarch, generally through their or their viceroy-in-Council. Created in 1972, the medal is presented to both living and deceased individuals deemed to have performed "acts of bravery in hazardous circumstances," and grants recipients the ability to use the post-nominal letters MB.
Design
The Medal of Bravery is in the form of a diameter silver medal with, on the reverse, the Royal Cypher of the reigning monarch beneath a St. Edward's Crown, symbolizing the Canadian monarch's role as the fount of honour, and the inscription BRAVERY • BRAVOURE. The obverse bears a maple leaf surrounded by a laurel wreath, and the name and rank of the recipient is engraved on the medal's edge.
This medallion is worn on the left chest, on a 31.8mm wide ribbon coloured red with three vertical blue stripes: for men, hung from a bar, and for women, on a ribbon bow, both pinned to the left chest. Individual already possessing a Medal of Bravery be awarded the medal again for subsequent acts of bravery are granted a medal bar, in silver and bearing a maple leaf, for wear on the ribbon from which the original medal is suspended.
Eligibility and receipt
On 1 May 1972, Queen Elizabeth II, on the advice of their Cabinet under Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, created the Medal of Bravery to recognize acts of great gallantry. The name of any person, living or deceased, may be submitted to the Canadian Decorations Advisory Council a part of the Chancellery of Honours at Government House as a possible recipient of the Medal of Bravery. It is not necessary that the act of bravery take place in Canada, nor must the person who carried out the act be a Canadian; however, the event must have involved Canadians and/or Canadian interests. Nominations can be made no later than two years following either the act of bravery itself or the conclusion of any coroner's or court's inquest into the events for which the person was nominated. Once they have been decorated with the Medal of Bravery, recipients are granted the right to use the post-nominal letters MB. , the Medal of Bravery has been presented to at least 3300 people, and there have been at least two Bars issued.
Commemoration
The Royal Canadian Mint in 2006 released a general circulation commemorative quarter showing on the reverse a variation of the design of the Medal of Bravery.
Recipients
The following are some notable recipients of the Medal of Bravery:
Charles Stanley Winsor *, awarded 27 August 1990 and awarded bar 10 May 1999
Robert Binder , awarded 26 November 2010
Mary Margaret 'Diane' Brock , awarded 2 December 1977
Dennis Robinson , awarded 7 May 1984
Joseph Jacques Mario Charette , awarded 1 February 1994
Konrad Lionel Shourie , awarded 18 April 2002
Éric Fortier , awarded 18 April 2002
M. Mohamed Chelali , awarded 19 June 2003
Paul Landry , awarded 26 February 2002
John Boyarski , awarded 19 August 1989
Gerry Dawson , awarded 10 May 1999
Brett Cairns , awarded 11 Dec 1989
Milton Keith Chute , awarded 21 June 1991
Ranger Fontaine Robert Fiddler CD, awarded 23 November 2017
James Arthur (Jae) Elvish MB* awarded 27 September 2013 and awarded Bar 30 September 2015
Gillian Irene MacAulay , awarded 22 October 2010
See also
Canadian order of precedence (decorations and medals)
State decoration
References
External links
Civil awards and decorations of Canada
Awards established in 1972
Courage awards
The 2016 Codasur South American Rally Championship is an international rally championship sanctioned by the FIA and run by the Confederacion Deportiva Automovilismo Sudamericana (Codasur). The championship was contested over five events held in five South American countries from April to November.
The championship was won for the fourth time by Paraguayan driver Gustavo Saba. Saba won the final three rallies to win the championship on the final day of the rally overcoming countryman Diego Domínguez who had led the championship all season after winning the first two rallies. Uruguayan driver Rodrigo Zeballos won a close competition for third in the championship
Event calendar and results
The 2016 Codasur South American Rally Championship was as follows:
Championship standings
The 2016 Codasur South American Rally Championship points were as follows:
References
External links
Codasur South American Rally Championship
Codasur South America
Codasur South American Rally Championship
The Roman Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (formerly Belgian Congo, Zaire; also known as Congo-Kinshasa) is composed only of a Latin hierarchy, united in the national Episcopal Conference of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (French Conférence Episcopale Nationale du Congo (CENCO) ), comprising six ecclesiastical provinces, each under a Metropolitan Archbishop, and a total of 41 suffragan dioceses, each under a bishop.
There are no Eastern Catholic, pre-diocesan or other exempt jurisdictions.
There are no titular sees. The only defunct jurisdiction without proper current successor see, Diocese of Bikoro, is nevertheless preserved in its heir Mbandaka-Bikoro's title.
There is an Apostolic Nunciature to Democratic Republic of Congo as papal diplomatic representation (embassy-level), in the national capital Kinshasa.
Current Latin dioceses
Ecclesiastical Province of Bukavu
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bukavu
Diocese of Butembo-Beni
Diocese of Goma
Diocese of Kasongo
Diocese of Kindu
Diocese of Uvira
Ecclesiastical Province of Kananga
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kananga
Diocese of Kabinda
Diocese of Kole
Diocese of Luebo
Diocese of Luiza
Diocese of Mbujimayi
Diocese of Mweka
Diocese of Tshilomba
Diocese of Tshumbe
Ecclesiastical Province of Kinshasa
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kinshasa
Diocese of Boma
Diocese of Idiofa
Diocese of Inongo
Diocese of Kenge
Diocese of Kikwit
Diocese of Kisantu
Diocese of Matadi
Diocese of Popokabaka
Ecclesiastical Province of Kisangani
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kisangani
Diocese of Bondo
Diocese of Bunia
Diocese of Buta
Diocese of Doruma-Dungu
Diocese of Isangi
Diocese of Isiro-Niangara
Diocese of Mahagi-Nioka
Diocese of Wamba
Ecclesiastical Province of Lubumbashi
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Lubumbashi
Diocese of Kalemie-Kirungu
Diocese of Kamina
Diocese of Kilwa-Kasenga
Diocese of Kolwezi
Diocese of Kongolo
Diocese of Manono
Diocese of Sakania-Kipushi
Ecclesiastical Province of Mbandaka-Bikoro
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Mbandaka-Bikoro
Diocese of Basankusu
Diocese of Bokungu-Ikela
Diocese of Budjala
Diocese of Lisala
Diocese of Lolo
Diocese of Molegbe
See also
Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - date for all sections.
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Catholic dioceses
Nil Montserrat (born 8 December 1988 in Barcelona) is a Spanish racing driver. They have competed in such series as Formula Renault 3.5 Series and the European F3 Open Championship.
References
External links
Official website
1988 births
Living people
Spanish racing drivers
Euroformula Open Championship drivers
Racing drivers from Barcelona
European Le Mans Series drivers
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
Formula 4 drivers
De Villota Motorsport drivers
EuroInternational drivers
General Sir George Balfour KCB (8 December 1809 – 12 March 1894) was British Army officer and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1872 to 1892.
Career
Balfour was the son of the George Balfour, of Montrose and an older brother of Edward Green Balfour. They were educated at the Addiscombe Military Seminary and became a lieutenant in the Madras Artillery in 1825. From 1832, they served with Malacca Field Force and was Staff Officer of Artillery with the Malacca Field Force from 1832 to 1833 when it was active in the capture of Chusan, Canton, and Amoy. They were adjutant of Artillery from 1833 to 1842, and A.A.G. from 1834 to 1835, They were with the Field Force in the ceded districts, and in action of Zorapore in 1839 when they became Brigade Major in India. From 1840 to 1842 they were in China with the China Force. They were agent for captured property in China from 1841 to 1842 and receiver of public money paid by China under the Treaty of Nanking.
China
They arrived in Shanghai on 8 November 1843 aboard the streamer Medusa, and immediately began discussions with the ranking local Chinese official, the Taotai (), on the opening of foreign trade and the site of a foreign settlement.
Shanghai was declared open to foreign trade on 14 November 1843, and agreement was reached on the terms under which the foreign settlement would be established. A total of 138 acres along the Huangpu River bank, immediately north of the walled city, became "English Ground" and later the International Settlement. The Chinese official position was that land could not be sold outright to foreigners, but a compromise was reached whereby it was allowed for land to be rented in perpetuity. Balfour first rented a house within the Shanghai town walls for use as the official British consular residence. They left the post of Shanghai consul in 1846, and was replaced by Rutherford Alcock.
India
Balfour joined the Madras Army as a staff officer in April 1840 and served under General Montgomerie in China. They continued to work with the Madras detachment until June 1842. In June 1842 they became Brigade-Major for the Artillery of the Force in China.
In 1854, Balfour was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and awarded the CB. They became colonel in 1856 and was Inspector-General of Ordnance, in Madras from 1857 to 1859, member of Military Finance Commission of India from 1859 to 1860 and president of the Finance Committee and chairperson of the Military. Finance Department of India from 1860 to 1862.
Political achievements
In 1865 they were promoted to major-general and was a member of Royal Commission on Recruiting for the Army from 1866 to 1867, and assistant to the Controller-in-Chief at the War Office from 1868 to 1871. They were awarded KCB in 1870
Balfour was elected Member of Parliament for Kincardineshire at a by-election in 1872. They held the seat until 1892.
Balfour was promoted to lieutenant general in 1874, and to general in 1877 when they were colonel-commandant of the Royal Artillery. They were a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Kincardineshire.
Other activities
Balfour was an active member of the Royal Geographical Society where they became an ardent supporter of the theory that anthropogenic causes, particularly deforestation, had caused desiccation and other climate changes in India and other parts of the British Empire. Their brother Edward Balfour also supported this view and worked towards conservation measures for forests.
Marriage and death
Balfour married in 1848 Charlotte Isabella Hume, daughter of Joseph Hume M.P. Balfour died at the age of 84.
References
External links
1809 births
1894 deaths
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
UK MPs 1885–1886
UK MPs 1886–1892
Royal Artillery officers
Deputy Lieutenants of Kincardineshire
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
George
Dominic Revan (born 19 September 2000) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for National League team Barnet.
Early life
Revan was born in West Bromwich. They joined the Aston Villa youth academy at the age of 8. Their brother, Sebastian is also part of the Aston Villa academy.
Career
Aston Villa
Revan was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for their senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool.
On 15 January 2021, Revan joined Weymouth of the National League on loan for the rest of the season. The following day, Revan made their Weymouth debut in a 1–0 home defeat to Darlington in the FA Trophy. On 10 April 2021, Revan suffered a broken jaw in a National League match against Torquay United. On 26 April, the injury led to their loan spell being cut short and Revan returned to Aston Villa.
On 31 August 2021, Revan joined League Two side Northampton Town on loan until January 2022. They made six appearances in an injury-hit loan spell, before returning to Aston Villa.
On 10 June 2022, Revan was released by Aston Villa.
Barnet
On 2 September 2022, Revan signed for National League club Barnet. They made their debut in a 3–1 defeat to Aldershot Town the following day.
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from West Bromwich
Black British sportspeople
Aston Villa F.C. players
Weymouth F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Canada Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. Canada has taken part in the competition since 1913.
Davis Cup players
*Active players in bold, statistics as of February 5, 2018
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Davis
Davis Cup
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters H and I. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
H
Leonard Paul Howland (December 5, 1865 – December 23, 1942) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1907 to 1913.
Biography
Paul Howland was born in Jefferson, Ohio. Howland completed preparatory studies. They graduated from Oberlin College (Ohio) in 1887 and from the law department of Harvard University in 1890. They were admitted to the bar in 1890 and commenced practice in Jefferson, Ohio. They moved to Cleveland in 1894 and continued the practice of law. They served as second lieutenant, squadron adjutant, First Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, during the Spanish–American War.
Congress
Howland was elected as a Republican to the Sixtieth, Sixty-first, and Sixty-second Congresses (March 4, 1907 – March 3, 1913). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress.
Later career
They were one of the managers appointed by the House of Representatives in 1912 to conduct the impeachment proceedings against Robert W. Archbald, judge of the United States Commerce Court. They resumed the practice of law. They served as a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1916, 1920, and 1924.
Death
They died in Cleveland, Ohio, December 23, 1942. They were interred in Lake View Cemetery.
Sources
1865 births
1942 deaths
Oberlin College alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
People from Jefferson, Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Ohio lawyers
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army officers
Lawyers from Cleveland
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The national flag of Benin () is a flag consisting of two horizontal yellow and red bands on the fly side and a green vertical band at the hoist. Adopted in 1959 to replace the French Tricolour, it was the flag of the Republic of Dahomey until 1975, when the People's Republic of Benin was established. The new regime renamed the country and changed the flag to a green field with a red star in the canton. This version was utilized until the regime collapsed in 1990, coinciding with the Revolutions of 1989. The new government promptly restored the original pre-1975 flag.
History
Under French colonial rule over Dahomey, French authorities forbade the colony from having its own regional flag. This was because they were worried that this could increase nationalistic sentiment and lead to calls for independence. However, with the rise of the decolonization movement in Africa, the French were obliged to grant limited autonomy to Dahomey as a self-governing republic within the French Community. This was granted on December 4, 1958, and a search for a national flag began soon after.
The new flag was chosen on November 16, 1959, and remained unchanged when Dahomey became independent less than a year later on August 1, 1960. In 1972, a coup d'état took place in the country, with the new government aligning itself with Marxist–Leninist ideals. In order to symbolize the revolutionary change, the regime renamed the country to Benin and instituted a new flag three years later. This featured a green field charged with a five-pointed red star in the top-left canton. However, the regime's flag was never adopted by law, making it only the de facto flag of Benin.
The green flag remained in place until 1990, when economic problems and the weakening of the Soviet Union's power due to the Revolutions of 1989 culminated in the collapse of the People's Republic of Benin. The socialist regime was replaced and the original flag from 1959 was reinstated on August 1, 1990.
Design
The colours of the flag carry cultural, political, and regional meanings. As stated in the national anthem, the green of the flag represent the hope of a new democracy. The red represents the courage of the ancestors, and the yellow is for the treasures of the nation. On a continental level, the yellow, green and red represented the Pan-Africanist movement; the three colours were utilized by the African Democratic Rally, a political party representing the interests of French West Africa in the National Assembly of France at the time of decolonization. Furthermore, the colours are the same as the ones utilized in the flag of Ethiopia. This honours the oldest independent country in Africa and the only nation other than Liberia to remain independent during the Scramble for Africa.
Colour scheme
Historical flags
Other flags
Military
Gallery
See also
Coat of Arms of Benin
Pan-African colours
References
External links
Flags introduced in 1959
National symbols of Benin
Flags of Africa
National flags
Seeis ([ˈseːaɪs], ) is a small settlement in the Khomas Region of central Namibia. It is situated on the B6 national road east of Hosea Kutako International Airport on the turnoff of the dirt road D1458. The Seeis Rivier, an ephemeral river, cuts the settlement. Seeis is a railway stop on the Windhoek - Gobabis railway line.
The settlement belongs to the Windhoek Rural electoral constituency and features a school and a police station. The Seeis stud warmblood horse stud farm is located nearby. It has produced a number of successful sport horses and stallions.
History
Seeis was a populated outpost at least since German colonisation in the 1880s. Manasse ǃNoreseb, leader of the Kaiǁkhaun, settled here with their clan in 1889 while fleeing from the approaching troops of Hendrik Witbooi, their archenemy. At that time, Seeis was under the control of Maharero, chief of the Herero people. In 1897 a post office was built, and it was situated on one of the few proclaimed roads.
In the Herero and Nama uprising of 1904/05 Seeis was the location of two clashes between imperial Germany's Schutztruppe and Herero troops under the leadership of Samuel Maharero. In the Skirmish at Seeis Germans under Lieutenant von Niewitecki relieved the military stations at Seeis, Hohewarte and Hatsamas from Herero occupation on 21 January 1904. On 15 February 1904, fortunes changed and the Herero defeated a German troop under the command of von Fischel. This event is known as the Battle of Seeis. Seeis cemetery has a separate section of German war graves from that period, refurbished and maintained by the Farmers' Association of Seeis.
In the media
An adventure novel by Bernhard Voigt: Die Farmer vom Seeis-Rivier (The farmers of Seeis Rivier) was published in the late 1930s. This book inspired by national socialist ideas was banned in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany after World War II by the military administration.
Gallery
References
Populated places in the Khomas Region
Horse farms
Farms in Namibia
"No Pares" (English: "Don't Stop") is a song by the Mexican band RBD, from their second live album, Live in Hollywood (2006). It was the first and only single released from the album. The song was written by Lynda Thomas and performed by Dulce María.
Song information
"No Pares" is included twice, once as the acoustic live version, taken from the original Los Angeles concert in the Pantages Theatre, and the other one being the studio version. Both versions were used as radio singles.
No official music video was shot for the song. Therefore, a live performance taken from the [[Live in Hollywood (RBD video album)|Live in Hollywood]] DVD was used to promote the song. The video was edited to promote "No Pares" on many music channels and cut for the opening for the telenovela Rebelde''.
"No Pares" also won Cancion Latina 2007 (Latin Song 2007) for Orgullosamente Latino Award.
Track listing
"No Pares" (studio version) - 3:47
"No Pares" (live acoustic version) - 4:15
Release history
Awards
References
2006 singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
DirectAccess, also known as Unified Remote Access, is a VPN technology that provides intranet connectivity to client computers when they are connected to the Internet. Unlike many traditional VPN connections, which must be initiated and terminated by explicit user action, DirectAccess connections are designed to connect automatically as soon as the computer connects to the Internet. DirectAccess was introduced in Windows Server 2008 R2, providing this service to Windows 7 and Windows 8 "Enterprise" edition clients. In 2010, Microsoft Forefront Unified Access Gateway (UAG) was released, which simplifies the deployment of DirectAccess for Windows 2008 R2, and includes additional components that make it easier to integrate without the need to deploy IPv6 on the network, and with a dedicated user interface for the configuration and monitoring. Some requirements and limitations that were part of the design of DirectAccess with Windows Server 2008 R2 and UAG have been changed (see requirements below). While DirectAccess is based on Microsoft technology, third-party solutions exist for accessing internal UNIX and Linux servers through DirectAccess. With Windows Server 2012, DirectAccess is fully integrated into the operating system, providing a user interface to configure and native IPv6 and IPv4 support.
Technology
DirectAccess establishes IPsec tunnels from the client to the DirectAccess server, and uses IPv6 to reach intranet resources or other DirectAccess clients. This technology encapsulates the IPv6 traffic over IPv4 to be able to reach the intranet over the Internet, which still (mostly) relies on IPv4 traffic. All traffic to the intranet is encrypted using IPsec and encapsulated in IPv4 packets (if a native IPv6 connection cannot be established), which means that in most cases, no configuration of firewalls or proxies should be required. A DirectAccess client can use one of several tunneling technologies, depending on the configuration of the network the client is connected to. The client can use 6to4, Teredo tunneling, or IP-HTTPS, provided the server is configured correctly to be able to use them. For example, a client that is connected to the Internet directly will use 6to4, but if it is inside a NATed network, it will use Teredo instead. In addition, Windows Server 2012 provides two backward compatibility services DNS64 and NAT64, which allows DirectAccess clients to communicate with servers inside the corporate network even if those servers are only capable of IPv4 networking. Due to the globally routable nature of IPv6, computers on the corporate network can also initiate a connection to DirectAccess clients, which allows them to remotely manage (Manage Out) these clients at any time.
Benefits
DirectAccess can be deployed for multiple sites. It allows for a secure encrypted VPN. This is controlled through Group Policies which allows the administrator to maintain a secure network.
Requirements
DirectAccess With Windows Server 2008 R2 or UAG requires:
One or more DirectAccess servers running Windows Server 2008 R2 with two network adapters: one that is connected directly to the Internet, and a second that is connected to the intranet.
On the DirectAccess server, at least two consecutive, public IPv4 addresses assigned to the network adapter that is connected to the Internet.
DirectAccess clients running Windows 7 "Ultimate" or "Enterprise" editions or Windows 8 "Enterprise" edition clients
At least one domain controller and Domain Name System (DNS) server running Windows Server 2008 SP2 or Windows Server 2008 R2.
Public key infrastructure (PKI) to issue computer certificates.
DirectAccess With Windows Server 2012 requires:
One or more DirectAccess servers running Windows Server 2012 with one or more network adapters.
At least one domain controller and Domain Name System (DNS) server running Windows Server 2008 SP2 or Windows Server 2008 R2.
DirectAccess clients running Windows 7 "Ultimate" or "Enterprise" editions or Windows 8 "Enterprise" edition clients
A Public Key Infrastructure is not required for Windows 8 Clients.
Smart card certificates, and health certificates for Network Access Protection may be used along with PKI.
References
External links
Microsoft's DirectAccess in Windows Server 2012
Microsoft's DirectAccess in Windows Server 2008 R2
MS-IPHTTPS on MSDN: includes PDF with specification.
Blogger's posting on DirectAccess
Richard Hicks' DirectAccess Blog
Differences between UAG and native 2008 R2 DirectAccess
Network protocols
Virtual private networks
IPv6
This is a list of flags of Macau.
Official Flag
Prefecture
Historical Flags
Governor of Macau
Proposed flags
References
Macanese
History of Macau
Flags
Anna-Liisa Hyvönen (29 July 1926 – 1 December 2021) was a Finnish politician. A member of the Finnish People's Democratic League, they served in the Parliament of Finland from 1972 to 1980.
References
1926 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Finnish politicians
Finnish People's Democratic League politicians
Politicians from Helsinki
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1972–75)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (1975–79)
20th-century Finnish women politicians
Tū-te-wehiwehi (also Tū-te-wanawana) is the father of all reptiles in Māori mythology.
Family
 They are a son of Punga and brother of Ikatere. Punga's father was Tangaroa, atua of the sea.
When Tāwhirimātea made war against their brothers for separating Rangi and Papa, Ikatere and Tū-te-wehiwehi had to flee, and Ikatere fled to the sea and became an ancestor of fishes, while Tū-te-wehiwehi took refuge in the forest and fathered lizards. Before Tū-te-wehiwehi and Ikatere fled, they disputed together as to what they should do to escape from the storms.
One of Tu-te-wanwana's offspring was Uenuku, a lesser reptile atua. Their mother was Mairangi, who was the daughter of Kauika, son of Wareware, son of Murirangawhenua and Mahuika. This Uenuku should not be confused with Uenuku, a more prominent atua.
References
Māori gods
Animal gods
William Smith Haig (6 April 1921 – 21 August 1967) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played 31 first-class matches for Otago between 1949 and 1958.
Life and career
Haig was born in Scotland. Their family emigrated to New Zealand in the 1920s. Their brothers Laurie and Jimmy represented New Zealand at rugby union, and another brother, Bert, represented Otago.
Haig served as a captain with the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan after World War II. They returned to New Zealand in August 1947.
Haig was a right-handed batsman who usually batted at number three, and an occasional off-spinner. After scoring 151 for their club Grange in the opening match of Dunedin cricket in 1949-50 they were selected to play for Otago. In their second first-class match, against Auckland in 1949–50, batting at number six, they scored 67 and added 266 in 222 minutes for the fifth wicket with Bert Sutcliffe, who made 355. It was a record fifth-wicket partnership in New Zealand first-class cricket.
In 1954-55 Haig scored 102, their only century, in Otago's 10-wicket victory over Auckland, adding 199 for the third wicket with Sutcliffe; they also took 3 for 33 in Auckland's second innings. Against Wellington in 1956-57 they top-scored with 10 in Otago's brief first innings of 34, then in Wellington's first innings they set a New Zealand record by bowling 15 consecutive maiden overs, ending with figures of 20–17–12–4.
Haig had their most successful season in 1954–55, scoring 253 runs in the Plunket Shield at an average of 42.16. They played in a Test trial for South Island after the Shield season and before the series against England, but was unsuccessful.
Haig was a business person in the frozen-food industry. Their family and Bert Sutcliffe's were close friends. When Sutcliffe's sports shop in Dunedin failed in the early 1960s, they accepted the offer of a job with Haig's ice-cream company in Hamilton.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1921 births
1967 deaths
British emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Prestonpans
South Island cricketers
SMK Aminuddin Baki, Kuala Lumpur is a cluster school (SKK), located along Jalan Kampung Pandan, Kuala Lumpur. Established in 1958, approximately 1200 students from Form 1 to Form 5 pursue their secondary education here. The school is also known by its abbreviation is SABKL and its students are known as SABians.
History
1958
Initially established as Sekolah Menengah Melayu, Kuala Lumpur (Malay Secondary School).
Temporarily located at the Kampung Baru & Maxwell Primary Schools.
1963
Moved to a new temporary location at the Cochrane Secondary School.
1964
24 March, moved to the present-day location & changed their name to S.M.K. Aminuddin Baki (Aminuddin Baki National Secondary School).
1966
Form 6 classes have been introduced.
1987
It was categorised under Controlled Schools.
1997
A Daily Hostel was built for students KRK Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur.
1998
Pioneer School TDKT ( Tenaga Diperbaharui & Kecekapan Tenaga)
1999
Pioneer Smart School.
2005
Offers French language lesson for all students.
2006
Sekolah Projek Rintis Sumber Persiaran Terbuka (Open Source Software).
Pioneer Programme of Microsoft Partners in Learning.
2007
30 March, proclaimed Cluster School.
2010
Proclaimed High Performance School
Location
Kampung Pandan, Ampang, Kuala Lumpur
School Niches
Swimming
The aquatics team in SABKL is famous for producing swimmers.
English
The school places emphasis towards the enhancement of the student's English language skills by encouraging to participate in various activities and competitions in fields such as:
Creative Writing
Public Speaking
Drama
Choral Speaking
Debating
Notable alumni
SABKL has produced successful people in various fields. Among them are:
Rozali Ismail - Executive Chairman Puncak Niaga Sdn Bhd
Noh Omar - Former Cabinet Minister
Yusof Haslam - Actor, film director, film producer and business person
Siti Zainon Ismail - Sasterawan Negara ke 18
Farhanna Qismina - Actress and TV Host
In popular culture
Featured in Gerak Khas in a few episodes about bullying
External links
Facebook Page
Twitter Account
Schools in Kuala Lumpur
Secondary schools in Malaysia
Secondary schools in Kuala Lumpur
Educational institutions established in 1958
1958 establishments in Malaya
JFC International is a major wholesaler and distributor of Asian food products in the United States. In addition to its own products, JFC International also imports branded products from other international companies. The company's official establishment was in 1958 and later named JFC International in 1978, however the company existed in various forms beginning in 1906. It is owned by the Japanese company Kikkoman.
Operations
JFC's brands include Nishiki, Dynasty, JFC, Wel-Pac, Hime and Hapi. Under its brands the company sells Botan Rice candy, Nishiki rice and other Japanese food items.
References
External links
JFC Japan website
JFC International's USA website
JFC Canada website
JFC Europe website
Food and drink companies of the United States
Food and drink companies established in 1958
Wholesalers of Japan
1958 establishments in California
The follow is a list of groups formed by or for the Vietnamese-American community.
Military
Vietnamese American Armed Forces Association
Academic
Union of North American Vietnamese Student Associations
Union of Vietnamese Student Associations of Southern California
Civic and political
Boat People SOS
East Meets West
Radio Free Vietnam
Vietnamese Alliance to Combat Trafficking
Gangs
Born to Kill
Viet Boyz
Dragon Family
See also
Boat People
Vietnamese American
Overseas Vietnamese
References
External links
Information on Vietnamese-American Gangs
The Dream Shattered By Peter Van Do - discusses Vietnamese Adolescent Gangs
The Dragon Family Gang
Overseas Vietnamese organizations in the United States
Vietnamese
Vietnamese
Hugh Bostock (born 25 August 1944) is a British neuroscientist, and Emeritus Professor of Neurophysiology, at University College, London.
Life
They were educated at Charterhouse School and earned a BA from Merton College, Oxford in 1966, and MSc and PhD in 1974 from University of London.
Works
References
External links
http://www.cnmd.ac.uk/MRC_Centre_Members/Hugh_Bostock
http://www.bostock.net/tree/bostgen/names/duff/hugh1944.html
1944 births
Living people
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of London
British neuroscientists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Academics of University College London
The 2007–08 season in Hong Kong football, starting July 2007 and ending June 2008:
Overview
Hong Kong 08 was dissolved as Hong Kong was knocked out from the 2008 Summer Olympics qualification.
Tung Po, the 2006-07 Second Division champion refused to promote while the runner-up Shek Kip Mei promoted and renamed to Workable.
Eastern was to be relegated from Second Division to Third 'A' Division by rule but was subsequently invited to promote to First Division after obtaining sufficient sponsorship
Events
Representative team
Hong Kong team
Hong Kong have gone through their 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign, where they were knocked out in the Second Round.
Hong Kong national under-23 football team
Hong Kong national under-23 football team this season is preparing for the 2009 East Asian Games to be hosted in Hong Kong.
1 Hong Kong's score comes first.
Honours
Asian clubs competitions
AFC Cup 2007
Happy Valley - group stage
Xiangxue Sun Hei / Convoy Sun Hei - quarter-final
AFC Cup 2008
Kitchee - group stage
South China - group stage
Hong Kong Top Footballer Awards
Hong Kong Top Footballer
Li Haiqiang (South China)
Fans' Player of the Year
Lee Chi Ho (South China)
Hong Kong Footballer Awards (Best XI)
Best Youth Player
Kwok Kin Pong (South China)
Lo Chun Kit (Eastern)
Coach of the Year
Liu Chun Fai (Citizen)
Exhibition Matches
Barclays Asia Trophy 2007
Mission Hills Cup
The Citizen Athletic Association 60th Anniversary Invitation Football Match
Citizen organized an exhibition competition on 22 August 2007 for celebrating the 60th Anniversary of the club. It featured two matches including the host Citizen against Guangdong, and another Hong Kong team South China versus J. League team Vissel Kobe.
Citizen vs Guangdong
South China vs Vissel Kobe
LA Galaxy HK Invitation Football Match
CASH 10th Anniversary Soccer Day
Pok Oi Hospital Charity Cup
CASH 10th Anniversary Cup
Transfer deals
References
External links
2007 in Hong Kong sport
2008 in Hong Kong sport
Szalatnak (; ) is a little village in Baranya County, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
People's Party () was a political party in the Kingdom of Dalmatia. It was founded in 1861 after the failure of Bach's absolutism, as a branch of the People's Party in Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia. Its members were known as narodnjaci, aneksionisti or puntari.
Its political goal was uniting Dalmatia with Croatia and Slavonia, stemming from their ideological origins in the Illyrian movement. It also gathered prominent Dalmatian Italians as well as Dalmatian Serbs. However, a Serb faction splintered in 1878, led by Stjepan Mitrov Ljubiša, into the Serb People's Party. From 1887 People's Party was renamed People's Croatian Party (), as a result of an internal compromise between the conservative majority led by Miho Klaić and a radical minority led by Mihovil Pavlinović and Juraj Biankini.
It united with the Party of Rights in 1905 into the "Croatian Party".
Notable members
Gajo Bulat
Miho Klaić
Lovro Monti
Vid Morpurgo
Natko Nodilo
Mihovil Pavlinović
Lujo Bakotić
Jovan Sundečić
Konstantin Vojnović
Stefan Mitrov Ljubiša
Diet of Dalmatia elections
1861: 29/41
1864: 9/41
1867: 15/41
1870: 26/41
1876: 30/41
1883: 26/41
1889: 26/41
1895: 23/41
1901: 18/41
References
Political parties established in 1861
Political parties disestablished in 1905
Political parties in Austria-Hungary
Defunct political parties in Croatia
Kingdom of Dalmatia
1861 establishments in the Austrian Empire
Hollywood Preview was a 30-minute show aired on the DuMont Television Network from September 14, 1955, to June 1, 1956. The show, hosted by actor Conrad Nagel, featured Hollywood stars and clips of upcoming films.
Broadcast history
The show had various time slots during its broadcast run. The show began as a weekly show (September 1955 to March 1956), then went to weekdays Monday through Friday for the final months (April to June 1956).
Wednesday 9-9:30pm (14 September 1955 – 28 December 1955)
Friday 10:30-11pm (6 January 1956 – 30 March 1956)
Monday to Friday 4:30-5pm (2 April 1956 – 1 June 1956)
Preservation status
As with most DuMont series, no episodes are known to exist.
See also
List of programs broadcast by the DuMont Television Network
List of surviving DuMont Television Network broadcasts
1955-56 United States network television schedule
References
Bibliography
David Weinstein, The Forgotten Network: DuMont and the Birth of American Television (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 2004)
Alex McNeil, Total Television, Fourth edition (New York: Penguin Books, 1980)
Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network TV Shows, Third edition (New York: Ballantine Books, 1964)
External links
DuMont historical website
Hollywood Preview at CVTA with list of episodes
1955 American television series debuts
1956 American television series endings
1950s American television series
Black-and-white American television shows
DuMont Television Network original programming
Justin Pete Hammel (born 2 December 2000) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Swiss club Grasshopper Club Zürich.
Career
A product of FC Basel's academy, they joined Stade Lausanne-Ouchy in the Swiss Challenge League for the 2020–21 season as third goalkeeper. They quickly rose to the position of being Lausanne-Ouchy's first choice between the posts and was capped 21 times in their first season in the Swiss Challenge League. In the following season, they wrote history to become the only goalkeeper of the Swiss Football League to provide two assists in one game, in a 5:0 home victory over SC Kriens. They played a total 29 matches for Lausanne-Ouchy that season and held nine clean sheets.
On June 15, 2022, they signed for Grasshopper Club Zürich in the Swiss Super League, as second goalkeeper.
International career
Hammel made their debut for the Switzerland U21 team in the 2023 Euro U21 qualifier against Gibraltar U21 and held a clean sheet in the 4:0 victory. They have since played two more games for the Switzerland U21, another 4:0 win against Gibraltar and a 0:1 away victory against Wales, and as such has not yet conceded a goal in international games.
References
External links
SFL Profile
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Basel
FC Basel players
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Association football goalkeepers
Apotominae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains the single genus Apotomus with the following species:
Apotomus alluaudi Jeannel, 1946
Apotomus angusticollis J. Muller, 1943
Apotomus annulaticornis Peringuey, 1896
Apotomus atripennis Motschulsky, 1858
Apotomus australis Castelnau, 1867
Apotomus chaudoirii Wollaston, 1860
Apotomus clypeonitens J. Muller, 1943
Apotomus fairmairei Jeannel, 1946
Apotomus flavescens Apetz, 1854
Apotomus hirsutulus Bates, 1892
Apotomus latigena Reitter, 1892
Apotomus minor Baehr, 1990
Apotomus neghellianus G. Muller, 1942
Apotomus qiongshanensis Tian, 2000
Apotomus reichardti Erwin, 1980
Apotomus rufithorax Pecchioli, 1837
Apotomus rufus P. Rossi, 1790
Apotomus sahelianus Mateu, 1966
Apotomus sumbawanus Dupius, 1911
Apotomus syriacus Jedlicka, 1961
Apotomus testaceus Dejean, 1825
Apotomus velox Motschulsky, 1858
References
Carabidae genera
Beetles described in 1807
Oceanian records in the sport of track cycling are ratified by the Oceania Cycling Confederation (OCC).
Men
Women
References
External links
Track cycling
Track cycling records
Track cycling
Cycling
"A Night to Remember" is the third official single from the High School Musical 3: Senior Year soundtrack, performed by the cast of the movie. It is the fifth track on the track listing.
Release
The Radio Edit version of the song premiered on Radio Disney on September 26, 2008 as part of its Planet Premiere featurette. The song was released later exclusively on iTunes, on September 30. This is the only song from the soundtrack performed by the full Cast of the movie, not only for the primary Cast.
Music video
A preview of movie scene (credited as the official music video for the song) premiered on Disney Channel during the world premiere of The Suite Life on Deck on September 26, 2008. The music video features the boys complaining about prom and the girls hoping that the night will be a night to remember. Then the whole cast ends up dancing at prom.
Formats and track listings
Formats
"A Night to Remember" (Album Version) — 3:58
"A Night to Remember" (Ashley Tisdale and Jemma McKenzie-Brown version - as part of "Senior Year Spring Musical") — 1:03
"A Night to Remember" (Video Edit) — 1:20
iTunes digital single track listing
"A Night to Remember" (Album Version) — 3:58
Charts
External links
Walt Disney Records Official Site
Official album information
Official website
2008 singles
Ashley Tisdale songs
Lucas Grabeel songs
Songs from High School Musical (franchise)
Songs written by Matthew Gerrard
Songs written by Robbie Nevil
Walt Disney Records singles
2008 songs
Song recordings produced by Matthew Gerrard
Songs about proms
Songs about nights
Zac Efron songs
Die Model WG (German for The Model Community) is a German reality television documentary series which claims to follow the life of aspiring models that are living together in one loft, with most of them being former contestants on Germany's Next Topmodel. It is the German adaptation of the 2009 Austrian series of the same title, which itself was based on the 2008 American television series Modelville. The German Die Model WG aired on Pro Sieben from 14 January to 27 February 2010.
GNTM-judge and model agent Peyman Amin is the mentor of the models and responsible for organizing castings and booking for them. Therefore, they equal the role of a model agent during the girls stay in the apartment. Starting with six girls, the show saw several girls voluntary leaving the apartment and therefore the show over the course of the episodes with a new girl moving in as the replacement. The winner of the show was to move to "Model-WG" in New York.
Contestants
(ages stated are at time of contest)
Weekly performances
The contestant won the competition
The contestant was booked for a job
The contestant was booked for two or more jobs
The contestant left the competition
Episodes 3 and 6 did not have eliminations.
In Episode 7, the top 3 was revealed before the winner was announced.
Controversies
While the show was filmed, a fight between two contestants of the show (Tessa and Sarah) became the subject of several tabloid magazines where one was supposed to have attacked the other one with a pan in front of the cameras. So Tessa had to leave the show in the fifth week.
References
2010 German television series debuts
2010 German television series endings
German-language television shows
Germany's Next Topmodel
German reality television series
ProSieben original programming
Philobota partitella is a moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in Australia.
Its wingspan is around 20 mm.
References
Oecophoridae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1864
Çörten is a village in the Altınyayla district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Altınyayla District
Egmont Bight is a shallow embayment at the southern end of the Encombe valley in Dorset, England. It is part of the Jurassic Coast.
Geology
The bay exposes good sections of Upper Kimmeridge shale and mudstone, with some bituminous shale and some small calcareous nodules.
On foot the stony beach is only accessible at low tide by walking west around Egmont Point from the beach at Chapman's Pool. There is no safe route down from the clifftop coast path, across Houns-tout cliff, nor around the Freshwater Steps promontory at the beach's western end.
See also
List of Dorset beaches
References
Gallery
Bays of Dorset
Hills of Dorset
Jurassic Coast
Corfe Castle
Cristina Crisol (Jean Elizabeth May in real life) is a former film actor from the Philippines, known for their sex appeal.
In the 1980s, they appeared in movies like Kikirut-Kirot (1985) with Liz Alindogan and Edgar Mande, Uhaw Na Uhaw (1985) with Raoul Aragonn, Eden (1985) with Mark Gil, Nude City (1986) with Ernie Garcia and Sarsi Emmanuelle, Donselya (1986) with Zandro Zamora, Di Maghilom Ang Sugat (1986) with Anna Marie Gutierrez, Maureen Mauricio and Gino Antonio, and Paraisong Gubat (1986) with Azenith Briones, Josephine Manuel, Tanya Gomez and Lito Gruet.
Crisol is the daughter of a retired US Navy serviceman and a half Puerto-Rican mother. They were raised in Olongapo.  They are now married to a construction worker, and they have two children. They have four children from different relationships and now lives a simple life in Masantol, Pampanga.
Filmography
Jerry Marasigan WPD (1992) - Jestoni Alarcon, Gretchen Barretto
Kumukulong Dugo (1991) - Ronnie Ricketts, Edu Manzano
May Butas Sa Dingding (1988) - Ramon Zamora, Elizabeth Oropesa
Paano Maibabalik Ang Nakaraan? (1987) - Dhouglas Veron, Tony Martinez
Bodyguard: Masyong Bagwisa, Jr. (1986) - Bong Revilla, Ronnie Ricketts
Di Maghilom Ang Sugat (1986) - Anna Marie Gutierrez, Gino Antonio, Maureen Mauricio
Donselya (1986) - Zandro Zamora, Perla Bautista
Mababangis Na Bulaklak (1986) - Mark Joseph
Kulang Sa Dilig (1986) - Lolita Lamas, Kristal Cristobal
Paraisong Gubat (1986) - Tanya Gomez, Azenith Briones
Nude City (1986) - Sarsi Emmanuelle, Ernie Garcia, Vida Verde, Brandy Ayala
Ang Galit Ko'y... Sumagad Sa Laman, Tumagos Sa Buto (1986) - George Estregan, Rowena Ruiz
Unang Gabi (1986) - Maria Isabel Lopez, Orestes Ojeda, Tani Cinco
Bomba Arienda (1985) - Ace Vergel, William Martinez, Carmi Martin, Tom Olivar
Jimbo (1985) - Jess Lapid, Jr., George Estregan
Eden (1985) - Mark Gil, Raoul Aragon, Liz Alindogan
Uhaw Na Uhaw (1985) - Ernie Garcia, Raoul Aragon, Daria Ramirez
Kikirut-kirot (1985) - Liz Alindogan, Edgar Mande, Zandro Zamora
Mga Manikang Hubad (1985) - Rez Cortez, Raoul Aragonn, Conrad Poe, Ursula Marquez, Tessa Tuazon
Manoy, Hindi Ka Na Makakaisa (1985) - Eddie Garcia, Anna Marie Gutierrez, Emily Loren, Angela Perez
Mga Babaeng Rehas (1985) - Irma ALegre, Anna Marie Gutierrez
Cop Brutus Logan, The Crime Buster (1985) - Raoul Aragonn, George Estregan, Hasmin Hassan, Robert Talby
References
External links
Cristina Crisol at video48 blogspot
Living people
20th-century Filipino actores
Filipino film actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Olongapo
Actresses from Zambales
Filipino people of American descent
Filipino people of Puerto Rican descent
Eilema triplaiola is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
References
triplaiola
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Insects of Angola
Moths of Africa
Line-oriented flight training (or LOFT) is training in a simulator with a complete crew using representative flight segments that contain normal, abnormal, and emergency procedures that may be expected in line operations. An instructor will monitor the crew's performance and review the simulated flight or flights with the crew afterwards to point out errors or good decisions that were made.
LOFT debriefing
LOFT instructors and crews use LOFT debriefings to analyze and evaluate their performance during training. For LOFT debriefings to improve crew performance, instructors must be effective facilitators.
See also
Type rating
Crew resource management
References
Flight training
The Frankfurt/Oder Fortress Division was a "fortress" division of the German Army (Heer) during the Second World War, active during the last months of the war in 1945.
The city of Frankfurt an der Oder controlled one of the major crossings across the Oder river by which Soviet forces advancing from the east could reach Berlin. The division was established in January 1945 to fortify the area and defend the city, in response to Soviet advances during the Vistula–Oder Offensive, which had brought attacking forces up to the eastern bank of the Oder.
It contained four "Fortress Grenadier" regiments, composed of a mixture of Volkssturm battalions and improvised "alarm" units, together with supporting artillery, engineer, and anti-tank units.
The division held its positions during February, March and April, while Soviet forces refitted and prepared to begin the spring offensive. On 16 April, a major attack was launched on the Oder line, and the division saw heavy fighting before being bypassed and besieged in Frankfurt.
Order of battle
1st Fortress Grenadier Regiment (2 battalions + artillery battalion)
2nd Fortress Grenadier Regiment (2 battalions)
3rd Fortress Grenadier Regiment (2 battalions)
4th Fortress Grenadier Regiment (2 battalions)
1449th Fortress Infantry Battalion
84th Fortress Machine Gun Battalion
829th Fortress Machine Gun Battalion
59th Recruit and Training Artillery Battalion
1325th Fortress Artillery Battalion
1326th Fortress Artillery Battalion
3157th Fortress Artillery Battalion
952nd Pioneer Sperr Battalion
XXVI Fortress Panzerjäger Detachment
Notes
References
German World War II divisions
Military units and formations established in 1945
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Pauline Small (November 30, 1924 – March 9, 2005) was the first woman to be elected to office in the Crow Tribe of Indians. In 1966 they were elected to Vice-Secretary of the Crow Tribal Council, holding office de facto to 1972, and served in various positions within the Crow Tribal Offices, many to do with supporting education.
Early life and education
Pauline White Man Runs Him was born on the Crow Indian Reservation in Lodge Grass, Montana. The youngest of three children, they were raised in the Valley of the Chiefs district on the reservation. Small was a granddaughter of White Man Runs Him.
Marriage and family
They married Ivan James Small, Sr., a member of the Northern Cheyenne Tribe of Indians. They made their home in Busby, Montana. Eventually they moved to the family allotment of Packs The Hat in the Rotten Grass area.
Tribal politics
Small was active in Crow tribal politics. In 1966 they were elected to the position of Vice-Secretary of the Tribal Council, the first woman to hold any office. They served in that position until 1972, and has been active on various committees of the Tribal council.
Deeply interested in education, they were a member of the Lodge Grass Board of Trustees, serving as Chair for eight years; Crow Tribal Education Committee; and the 107th Committee of the Crow Tribal Council. A member of the Crow Nation, they were very involved with tribal government. Small was an active supporter of Indian rodeo for 30 years.
References
External links
—Article about Pauline Small's support for Indian rodeo
The Minneapolist Institute of Arts—Quote from Pauline Small
1924 births
2005 deaths
Crow tribe
Female Native American leaders
Haskell Indian Nations University alumni
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
People from Lodge Grass, Montana
20th-century Native American women
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native American women
Native American women in politics
The 793d Bombardment Squadron is a former United States Army Air Forces unit. The squadron was organized in 1943 as one of the first Boeing B-29 Superfortress units. After training in the United States, The squadron moved to India and participated in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan. When bases in the Mariana Islands became available, the squadron moved to Tinian, where it was able to strike targets in Japan without staging through forward bases. It earned three Distinguished Unit Citations during its combat tour. It returned to the United States following V-J Day and briefly became one of the first units in Strategic Air Command before inactivating at the end of March 1946.
History
World War II
Organization and training in the United States
The squadron was first organized at Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas on 1 August 1943 as one of the four original squadrons of the 468th Bombardment Group. It was intended to be a Boeing B-29 Superfortress squadron, however due to the lack of B-29 availability, it was initially equipped with Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses. Smoky Hill was one of four bases chosen for B-29 training based on their proximity to Boeing's factory at Wichita, Kansas, where most of the early Superfortresses would be produced.
Delays in producing the B-29, labor disputes at the engine manufacturer, and modifications to the planes to make them ready for combat resulted in belated deliveries to combat units and it was close to the end of 1943 before aircrews could train in the new bomber in any number. Ground echelon personnel began shipping out to prepare the airfields for the bombers without completing their training in the United States. The air echelon of the squadron trained with the B-29 in Kansas until March 1944, when it departed for its first overseas base, Kharagpur Airfield, Bengal, India, to participate in Operation Matterhorn, which called for B-29 attacks from advanced bases in China, while the bombers' main bases were in India. The squadron completed its training and deployed from the United States to India in March 1944, flying across the South Atlantic and Africa to reach its combat station.
Combat in the China Burma India Theater
The squadron arrived at Kharagpur in mid-April. Once all elements of the 468th Group had arrived at Kharagpur in June, the squadron became part of Twentieth Air Force, which reported directly to Headquarters, Army Air Forces, bypassing theater command. Its initial missions were transporting supplies and equipment to staging airfields in China, and it did not fly its first combat mission until 5 June, when it participated in a raid on railroad repair facilities near Bangkok, Thailand. Ten days later, it participated in the first attack on the Japanese Home Islands since the Doolittle Raid two years earlier. Attacks on Japan required staging through forward bases in China, and squadron bombers consumed twelve gallons of fuel to transport one gallon that could be used for combat missions. The squadron moved its available aircraft to its forward base at Pengshan Airfield near Chengtu. Staging of B-29s, already armed and loaded with bombs began on 13 June and was only completed on the day of the raid, with only refueling needed in China. The primary target for this mission was the Imperial Steel Works at Yawata.
The unit staged through bases not only in China for attacks on Japan, but from other bases in India and Ceylon. It conducted mining operations off the coasts of French Indochina, near Saigon and China, near Shanghai. It attacked Japanese targets in Southeast Asia, including aircraft factories, naval installations, transportation facilities and iron works, and it flew sorties to targets as distant as Indonesia. In August 1944, the squadron again struck the Imperial Steel Works in Yawata, Japan, earning its first Distinguished Unit Citation. Fighter opposition on this attack included the first experience of a Japanese fighter plane intentionally ramming a B-29.
In October 1944, the 468th Bombardment Group was reorganized, along with other groups in XX Bomber Command. The squadron's strength was increased by three B-29s made available by the inactivation of the 795th Bombardment Squadron and maintenance personnel from the disbanding maintenance squadrons of the 468th. During its remaining time in the China-Burma-India Theater, the squadron found itself more frequently attacking tactical targets in Formosa and the Philippines to support of forces advancing in the Pacific.
The squadron abandoned its forward bases in China in January 1945, but continued attacks from Indian airfields. It attacked a supply dump in Rangoon, Burma; rail targets near Bangkok, Thailand and Kuala Lampur, Malaya, and the drydock in Singapore. On 4 May, the squadron left its base in India for the island of Tinian, although elements of the 468th Group had begun moving as early as February.
Combat in the Pacific
The squadron arrived at its new base at West Field (Tinian) in the Mariana Islands on 7 May 1945. The squadron was able to operate from its new base against Japan without the need to use forward bases. Most of its attacks were night time raids with incendiary bombs. Is attacks in late May with incendiaries against Tokyo and Yokohama earned the squadron its second DUC. It participated against some strategic targets from high altitude, and earned a third DUC for a daylight attack on an aircraft manufacturing plant at Takarazuka. The squadron also continued minelaying missions.
Following V-J Day, squadron Superfortesses dropped food and supplies to Allied prisoners of war. It also participated in show of force missions.
Strategic Air Command
The squadron departed Tinian in November 1945 and reassembled at Fort Worth Army Air Field, Texas in December. With the beginning of the new year, the squadron moved to Roswell Army Air Field, New Mexico, where it began to train again with the Superfortress. When Strategic Air Command (SAC) was formed in March, the squadron became one of SAC's first units. However it did not remain long with SAC, but was inactivated at the end of the month.
Lineage
Constituted as the 793d Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) on 19 May 1943
Activated on 1 August 1943
Redesignated 793d Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 31 March 1946
Assignments
468th Bombardment Group, 1 August 1943 – 31 March 1946
Stations
Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas, 1 August 1943 – 12 March 1944
Kharagpur Airfield, Bengal, India, c. 13 April 1944 – 4 May 1945
West Airfield, Tinian, 7 May–15 November 1945
Fort Worth Army Air Field, Texas, 1 December 1945
Roswell Army Air Field, New Mexico, 9 January–31 March 1946
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1943–1946
Awards and campaigns
See also
B-17 Flying Fortress units of the United States Army Air Forces
List of B-29 Superfortress operators
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Military units and formations established in 1943
World War II strategic bombing units
Zarina Wahab (born 17 July 1956) is an Indian actor who predominantly worked in Hindi and Malayalam films. Known for critically acclaimed roles in Chitchor and Gopal Krishna in Hindi and Malayalam cinema with films like Madanolsavam, Chamaram, Palangal and Adaminte Makan Abu.
Early life
Wahab was born in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh into a Muslim family.  They are fluent in their mother tongue Urdu, in addition to Telugu, Hindi and English. They were trained at Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune. Wahab has three sisters and one brother.
Career
After receiving negative feedback about their appearance from film producer Raj Kapoor, Wahab worked on their appearance and attended film parties and events. They eventually got noticed and was cast in films. They were usually cast as the middle-class girl after their first leading role in Basu Chatterjee's Chit Chor (1976) in movies like Agar, Jazbaat, Sawan Ko Aane Do, and Raees Zada. They were nominated for a Filmfare Award in the Best Actress category for Gharonda (1977). They have acted in many Malayalam, Telugu, Tamil, films. Wahab made a comeback to Malayalam films with Calendar, in 2009 and has continued to act in Malayalam movies.  They are still remembered for their role in the critically acclaimed Adaminte Makan Abu. They also appeared in My Name Is Khan as the mother of Rizwan Khan (Shah Rukh Khan's character). Wahab currently plays older roles in television serials.
Personal life
Wahab met actor Aditya Pancholi on the sets of Kalank Ka Tika. They married in 1986 and have a daughter, Sana and a son, Sooraj. News of their turbulent marriage, their husband's temper and rumors of infidelity have been in the gossip columns. Wahab's daughter is an actor. Them son, Suraj, was arrested in June 2013, in connection with the death of Jiah Khan. They made their Bollywood debut with Sunil Shetty's daughter Athiya Shetty in 2015 in the movie Hero.
Filmography
Television
Television
Ek Kiran Roshni Ki on DD National as Roshni's mother
Zindagi...Ek Bhanwar on DD National as Sharda Baldev Singh
Love Life & Screw Ups Season 2 as Honey
Awards and nominations
The Global Indian Film And Television Honors for Best Actor In A Supporting Role – Female (2011) for My Name Is Khan
Nominated–Filmfare Award for Best Actress (1977) for Gharonda
Nominated–Screen Award for Best Supporting Actress (2011) for Rakht Charitra – I
Nominated–Stardust Award for Best Actress In An Ensemble Cast (2011) for My Name Is Khan
Nominated–Stardust Award for Best Actress In An Ensemble Cast (2011) for Rakht Charitra – I
References
External links
Indian actores
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Living people
Actresses from Visakhapatnam
Film and Television Institute of India alumni
Indian television actores
Indian Muslims
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Hindi television
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
Female models from Andhra Pradesh
1954 births
Actors from Mumbai
Telugu actores
Denise Newman (later Denise St Aubyn Hubbard; 19 February 1924 – 22 January 2016) was a British diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Early life
They were born on 19 February 1924 in Hornsey, London. Them father was Percy Arthur Newman, a shipping clerk and manager of Anglo-Iranian Oil, and their mother was Jessie Bathurst, née Pearce. They had one brother, Derek. Newman grew up in Maadi, Egypt, where they began as a swimmer, breaking senior national records in the 50 metres and 100 metres freestyle at the open Egyptian championships in 1937 while still a junior. They were taught by their mother and Ahmed Ibrahim Kamel.
Career
They were due to compete as a swimmer in the 1940 Summer Olympics, until it was cancelled at the outbreak of World War II. Them family lived in Abadan, Iran from 1939–41. When they returned to the UK in 1942, they applied to the Air Ministry and was referred to the Foreign Office. Owing to their linguistic talents, they were sent to the secret Bedford Japanese School run by Captain Oswald Tuck RN and completed the 5th course (August 1943 to February 1944). They were subsequently posted to the Military Wing at the Government Code and Cypher School, Bletchley Park where they worked as part of the Japanese codebreaking team. On 10 August 1945, they married Vyvyan Alexander St Aubyn Hubbard, a major in the Indian Army and architect. They had two children, Hugh and Geraldine.
At the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, Newman was part of Great Britain's team in the 10 metre diving event. By the third dive they were in fifth place, but tore a shoulder muscle. They continued with one arm disabled, finishing 11th out of 15 competitors.
Newman became interested in sailing when their family moved to Chichester in 1953. In 1978 they joined the Royal Naval Auxiliary Service, and for eight years was the only female skipper of a British warship. In 1988, aged 64, they completed the Transatlantic single-handed sailing race, in 34 days. Them participation was the subject of a BBC documentary.
They died on 22 January 2016 at the age of 91.
References
External links
BBC Interview
1924 births
2016 deaths
British female divers
Olympic divers of Great Britain
Divers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
British female sailors (sport)
James Kennedy (September 3, 1853 – November 9, 1928) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for four terms from 1903 to 1911.
Early life and education
Born in Lowellville, Ohio, Kennedy prepared for college at Poland Union Seminary, in Ohio, and graduated from Westminster College, New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, in 1876. They studied law and was admitted to the bar in March 1879.
Political career
Kennedy commenced to practice law in Youngstown, Ohio, where they also served as a member of the city council from April 1886 to November 1888. In 1894, they served as chairperson of the Republican State convention at Steubenville, Ohio, in 1894.
Congress
Kennedy was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1903 – March 3, 1911). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910, to the Sixty-second Congress. They resumed the practice of their profession in Youngstown.
Later career and death
Kennedy became affiliated with the Democratic Party in 1916. They were an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for election in 1926, to the Seventieth Congress. They died in Youngstown on November 9, 1928, and was interred in Riverside Cemetery, Poland, Ohio.
Sources
1853 births
1928 deaths
Westminster College (Pennsylvania) alumni
Politicians from Youngstown, Ohio
Ohio Democrats
Ohio lawyers
Lawyers from Youngstown, Ohio
People from Mahoning County, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Peters Lake () is a lake in the municipality of South Frontenac, Frontenac County in eastern Ontario, Canada. It is in the Lake Ontario drainage basin.
Peters Lake has an area of and lies at an elevation of . The settlement of Murvale lies just south of the lake on Frontenac County Road 38. The primary inflow, at the north, and outflow, at the south, is Millhaven Creek, which flows to Lake Ontario.
References
Lakes of Frontenac County
Axidares or Ashkhadar also known as Exedares or Exedates (flourished second half of the 1st century & first half of the 2nd century, died 113) was a Parthian Prince who served as a Roman Client King of Armenia.
Axidares was one of the three sons born to the King Pacorus II of Parthia by an unnamed mother. Through their father they were a member of the House of Parthia thus a relation of the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia. Little is known of their life prior to becoming Armenian King.
Axidares succeeded their relative Sanatruces (Sanatruk) as Armenian King when they died in 110. They were put on the Armenian throne by their paternal uncle, the King Osroes I of Parthia without Roman consultation. Axidares was King of Armenia from 110 until 113.
Although the Romans supported Axidares' Kingship over Armenia, Trajan viewed the action by their uncle as an invitation to war with Parthia. Osroes I considered Axidares as incapable of governing. To avoid to going to war with the Roman emperor Trajan and keep peace with him, Osroes I deposed Axidares from their Armenian throne and replaced them with their other brother Parthamasiris for the Armenian Kingship.
References
Sources
D.T. Potts, Araby the Blest: Studies in Arabian Archaeology, Museum Tusculanum Press, 1988
Yarshater, The Cambridge History of Iran, Volume 3, Cambridge University Press, 1993
M. Bunson, A Dictionary of the Roman Empire, Oxford University Press, 1995
T. Mommsen, W. Purdie Dickson & F. Haverfield, The provinces of the Roman Empire: from Caesar to Domitian, Gorgias Press LLC, 2004
K. Farrokh, Shadows in the Desert: Ancient Persia at War, Osprey Publishing, 2007
2nd-century kings of Armenia
Arsacid kings of Armenia
Roman client kings of Armenia
2nd-century Iranian people
The so-called English trunk (aka. Railway Basket) is a wicker trunk that was invented in England around 1839 by H.J. Cave. The trunk was invented as a means of making luggage lighter for railway travel. The trunk was originally used to transport linen, bedding, clothing and pique-niques.
Histoire
This type of trunk first appeared around 1839. In some historical documents of the time it is referred to as a “railway basket” due to its wicker structure. Modeled on the style of English chests – which explains its more common name "the English trunk" – it is made up of a wicker frame covered first in leather then potentially a canvas making it waterproof.
The construction of this trunk called on the involvement of specialist basket-makers and leather craftsmen. This extra light trunk (it weighed as little as 2 kg) was seen as an alternative to the heavier items of luggage made of traditional wood and leather. Wicker and sealed canvas gradually replaced the use of leather, and the invention of the trunk was commonly used in rail travel. In the early 1900s the decline in rail travel coupled with the invention of fiberboard suitcases led to the decline in use of the railway basket.
References
Furniture
Österreichisch-Weiß (literally, Austrian white) is a grape variety for white wine. It is now very rarely cultivated, but is noted for being one of the parents of Silvaner, the other parent being Traminer. Österreichisch-Weiß itself is the offspring of Weißer Heunisch (Gouais blanc) as father with an unknown mother variety.
In older times, Österreichisch-Weiß (up to 90%) blended with Traminer contributed to giving "Grinzinger" (wine from Grinzing in Vienna) a good reputation.
It is often confused with Brauner Veltliner. The name Österreicher has previously also been used as a synonym for Brauner Veltliner and Silvaner.
References
White wine grape varieties
Sir Michael Jonathan Moritz (born 12 September 1954) is a Welsh billionaire venture capitalist, philanthropist, author, and former journalist. Moritz works for Sequoia Capital, wrote the first history of Apple Inc., The Little Kingdom, and authored Going for Broke: Lee Iacocca's Battle to Save Chrysler. Previously, Moritz was a staff writer at Time magazine and a member of the board of directors of Google. They studied at the University of Oxford and the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and went on to found Technologic Partners before becoming a venture capitalist in the 1980s. Moritz was named as the No. 1 venture capitalist on the Forbes Midas List in 2006 and 2007.
Early life and education
Michael Jonathan Moritz was born to a Jewish family in Cardiff, Wales, on 12 September 1954. Their father, Ludwig Alfred Moritz (1921–2003), was a German Jew who fled Nazi Germany. Their mother, Doris (née Rath; 1924-2019), also fled Nazi Germany. Moritz attended Howardian High School in Cardiff.
Moritz earned a bachelor's degree in history at Christ Church, Oxford, and in 1978, an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania as a Thouron scholar.
Career
Journalist
Moritz first worked for many years as a journalist. In the early 1980s, when they were a reporter for Time, Steve Jobs contracted them to document the development of the Mac for a book they were writing about Apple. According to Andy Hertzfeld, in response to the fact that a history of another computer company had been published a year earlier, Jobs said: "Mike's going to be our historian." As they were close in age to many on the development team, they seemed to be a good choice.
By late 1982, Moritz was Times San Francisco Bureau Chief and working on the special Time Person of the Year issue, which was initially supposed to be about Jobs. Their research included a lengthy interview with Jobs' high school girlfriend, Chrisann Brennan, in which they discussed the history of their child, Lisa. Moritz's follow-up interview with Jobs on the subject led to denial of paternity on their part. The issue also contained negative commentary on Jobs from other Apple employees. The special issue was renamed Machine of the Year prior to publication, celebrated The Computer and declared that "it would have been possible to single out as Man of the Year one of the engineers or entrepreneurs who masterminded this technological revolution, but no one person has clearly dominated those turbulent events. More important, such a selection would obscure the main point. TIME's Man of the Year for 1982, the greatest influence for good or evil, is not a man at all. It is a machine: the computer." Jobs cut off all ties with Moritz after the issue was published and threatened to fire anyone who communicated with him. According to Hertzfeld, "some of us talked with Mike again surreptitiously, as they were putting the finishing touches on their book around the time of the Mac introduction" and the resulting text, The Little Kingdom: the Private Story of Apple Computer, "remains one of the best books about Apple Computer ever written".
In 2009, 25 years after The Little Kingdom, Moritz published a revised and expanded follow-up: Return to the Little Kingdom: How Apple and Steve Jobs Changed the World. In the prologue to Return to the Little Kingdom, Moritz states that they were as incensed as Jobs was about the Time Magazine special issue:
Steve rightly took umbrage over their portrayal and what they saw as a grotesque betrayal of confidences, while I was equally distraught by the way in which material I had arduously gathered for a book about Apple was siphoned, filtered, and poisoned with a gossipy benzene by an editor in New York whose regular task was to chronicle the wayward world of rock-and-roll music. Steve made no secret of their anger and left a torrent of messages on the answering machine I kept in my converted earthquake cottage at the foot of San Francisco's Potrero Hill. He, understandably, banished me from Apple and forbade anyone in their orbit to talk to me. The experience made me decide that I would never again work anywhere I could not exert a large amount of control over my own destiny or where I would be paid by the word. I finished my leave [and] published my book, The Little Kingdom: The Private Story of Apple Computer, which I felt, unlike the unfortunate magazine article, presented a balanced portrait of the young Steve Jobs.In 2015, Moritz collaborated with Alex Ferguson on their book, Leading: Learning from Life and My Years at Manchester United, which draws on Ferguson's experience as a football manager, and provides lessons on achieving business and life success.
Venture capitalist
In 1986, Moritz joined Sequoia Capital after co-authoring Going for Broke: The Chrysler Story with Barrett Seaman, Times Detroit bureau chief. After leaving Time, Moritz co-founded Technologic Partners, a technology newsletter and conference company.
Their internet company investments include Google, Yahoo!, Skyscanner, PayPal, Webvan, YouTube, eToys, and Zappos. They currently sit on the boards of 24/7 Customer, Earth Networks, Gamefly, HealthCentral, Green Dot Corporation, Klarna, Kayak.com, LinkedIn, Stripe and PopSugar. Moritz previously served on the boards of A123 Systems, Aricent Group, Atom Entertainment, CenterRun, eGroups, Flextronics, Google, ITA Software, Luxim, PayPal, Plaxo, Pure Digital, Saba Software, Yahoo!, and Zappos. Google was one of several co-investments with John Doerr of rival venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and the initial public offering of the company in 2004 made Moritz one of Wales' richest men. Their investment in Google helped them achieve the number-one listing in Forbes "Midas List" of the top dealmakers in the technology industry in 2006 and 2007, and a place on the 2007 "TIME 100". They ranked number two on the Midas List for 2008 and 2009.
San Francisco Standard
The San Francisco Standard is a for-profit San Francisco-centric news web site, funded by Michael Moritz, with offices in the Mission District, using Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube. Griffin Gaffney is the CEO of the SF Standard as well as co-founder of Here/Say Media and TogetherSF, Moritz-funded 501(c)4 organizations. Griffin Gaffney is also a co-founder of PossibleSF.
Honours
In July 2010, Moritz was awarded an honorary fellowship from Cardiff University, where their father Alfred had previously been Vice-Principal and Professor of Classics.
In July 2014 they were honoured as a fellow of Aberystwyth University.
In November 2014, Moritz was awarded an honorary doctorate from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.
Moritz was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to promoting British economic interests and philanthropic work.
Personal life
Moritz lives in San Francisco with their wife, American novelist Harriet Heyman, and their two children. They donated to the Lincoln Project, a Republican-led super PAC opposing the re-election of Donald Trump and Republican Senators who supported him.
In May 2012, Moritz announced that they had been diagnosed with a rare, incurable medical condition and would step back from their day-to-day responsibilities at Sequoia Capital while also being elevated to the position of chairperson.
Philanthropy
Moritz is a signatory of The Giving Pledge, committing themselves to give away at least 50% of their wealth to charitable causes.
In June 2008, Moritz and their wife announced a donation of US$50 million to Christ Church, their Oxford college, the largest single donation in the college's history.
In July 2012, it was announced that Moritz had donated £75m to Oxford University to provide £11,000 scholarships to students from families with an annual income below £16,000. The donation is the largest financial donation to an undergraduate university in European history.
In February 2013 they gave $5 million for Juilliard School's Music Advancement Program.
In September 2013 they and their wife gave $30 million to the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) to create the UCSF Discovery Fellows Program, the largest endowed programme for PhD students in the history of the University of California; UCSF will raise $30 million in matching funds.
In February 2016 they and their wife gave $50 million to the University of Chicago (UC), benefiting the Odyssey programme, which supports lower-income students with outstanding potential; UC will raise $50 million in matching funds.
In October 2016, The Guardian reported that Michael Moritz "donated $49,999 to a divisive ballot measure intended to clear San Francisco's streets of homeless encampments, according to campaign filings". Moritz later wrote an Op-Ed for the Wall Street Journal opposing a homelessness funding measure.
In May 2018, Moritz donated $20 million to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the largest donation the organization has received.
In 2019, it was announced that their and their wife's charity Crankstart would be sponsoring the Booker Prize for novelists for the next five years. The couple did not want the name of their charity to be attached to the prize, which subsequently reverted to its old name of the Booker Prize.
References
External links
Sequoia Capital Website
1954 births
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Giving Pledgers
21st-century philanthropists
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Living people
Businesspeople from Cardiff
Time (magazine) people
British venture capitalists
21st-century American businesspeople
20th-century Welsh businesspeople
Welsh billionaires
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Welsh people of German-Jewish descent
Welsh emigrants to the United States
Threshold Nunatak () is an isolated nunatak located at the mouth of Tillite Glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) northeast of Portal Rock, in Queen Alexandra Range. The name was suggested by John Gunner of the Ohio State University Geological Expedition, 1969–70, who was landed by helicopter to collect a rock sample here. The name is in association with Portal Rock and also reflects the location at the mouth of Tillite Glacier.
Nunataks of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
August Schaeffer von Wienwald (30 April 1833, Vienna - 29 November 1916, Vienna) was an Austrian landscape painter and Director of the Kunsthistorisches Museum.
Biography
Their father was a surgeon. Two of their sisters would marry painters; , also a landscape painter, and , an animal painter.
From 1852 to 1856, they studied at the Academy of Fine Arts with the landscape painter, Franz Steinfeld.
After graduating, they undertook numerous study trips throughout southern and western Europe, notably to the North Sea, Hungary and the Alps. From 1871 to 1874, they were a secretary at the Academy's library, then served as Curator of their gallery from 1874 to 1880.
They then moved to the Kunsthistorisches Museum; beginning as Curator from 1881 to 1891, then becoming the museum's second Director, from 1892 to 1910, succeeding Eduard von Engerth. During their tenure, they worked to create a scientific foundation for the museum and pursued a conservative course for acquisitions.
After 1861, they were also an active member of the Vienna Künstlerhaus, serving on the executive committee from 1884 to 1886. They wrote a history of the organization: 50 Jahre Genossenschaft der bildenden Künstler Künstlerhaus that was published in 1913. They were elevated to the aristocracy in 1912, becoming "August Schaeffer Edler von Wienwald". Shortly before their death, they were named a Hofrat (Court Counselor).
They were married twice. Their first wife was the opera singer, Emilie Hoffmann (1835–1889). In 1905, they married the painter and writer, Auguste Wahrmund (1862-1936), daughter of the orientalist scholar, Adolf Wahrmund.
References
Further reading
Claus Jesina: August Schaeffer, Galerie 16, Edition Jesina, 2000
External links
1833 births
1916 deaths
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Austrian male artists
20th-century Austrian painters
Austrian landscape painters
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Museum directors
Artists from Vienna
Edlers of Austria
20th-century Austrian male artists
Onychiurini is a tribe within the family Onychiuridae, a group of springtails.
Species
The following genera are accepted within Bionychiurus:
Absolonia Börner, 1901
Argonychiurus Bagnall, 1949
Bionychiurus Pomorski, RJ, 1996
Deharvengiurus Weiner, WM, 1996
Deuteraphorura Absolon, K, 1901
Formosanonychiurus Weiner, 1986
Leeonychiurus Sun, X & Arbea, J, 2014
Ongulonychiurus Thibaud, J-M & Massoud, Z, 1986
Onychiuroides Bagnall, 1948
Onychiurus Gervais, 1841
Orthonychiurus Stach, J, 1954
Pilonychiurus Pomorski, RJ, 2007
Similonychiurus Pomorski, RJ, 2007
Uralaphorura Martynova, EF, 1978
Vibronychiurus Pomorski, 1998
References
Collembola
Animals described in 1906
Steam World is a UK-based railway magazine mainly covering the British Railways steam era (1945–1968). It is published monthly by Steam World Publishing.
History and profile
Steam World was founded in 1981. The magazine ceased publication following its issue 23 in 1983. It was reestablished in 1990.
Parameters
Size = A4
Issue = No. 361 is July 2017
ISSN
See also
List of railroad-related periodicals
References
External links
Official website
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1981
Rail transport magazines published in the United Kingdom
Sil Laurentius Swinkels (born 6 January 2004) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a defender for Aston Villa.
Early life
Swinkels was born in Sint-Oedenrode.
Club career
Having played youth football for RKSV Rhode, Helmond Sport, Brabant United and Vitesse, they joined Aston Villa's academy in summer 2020.
Swinkels made an unexpected first team debut for Aston Villa when, due to a COVID-19 outbreak, Villa were forced to play an inexperienced squad in an FA Cup Third Round tie against Liverpool on 8 January 2021.
On 24 May 2021, Swinkels was part of the Aston Villa U18s team that won the FA Youth Cup, beating Liverpool U18s 2–1 in the final. On 10 August 2021, they signed their first professional contract with Aston Villa.
International Career
Swinkels played for the Netherlands at the under-15 level. On 6 September 2021, Swinkels made their debut for the Netherlands U18 in a 5–0 friendly victory over Italy. They scored their first goal at youth international level for the Netherlands U18s, on 28 March 2022, in a 4–1 away victory over Germany.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Aston Villa U18s
FA Youth Cup: 2020–21
References
2004 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Helmond Sport players
SBV Vitesse players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Jean-Louis Campora (born 1938) is a Monegasque physician, politician and business person. They served as the president of AS Monaco FC, the national football club of Monaco, from 1975 to 2003, and as the president of the National Council from 1993 to 2003.
Early life and family background
Jean-Louis Campora was born on November 19, 1938 in Monaco. Their father, Charles Campora, served as the president of the AS Monaco FC, the national football club of Monaco. Their twin sister, Anne-Marie Campora, served as the mayor of Monaco from 1991 to 2003.
Campora served as the president of the youth wing of the Monegasque Red Cross at the age of sixteen. They received a degree in medical studies.
Career
Campora started their career as a physician in Monaco. They served as the president of the Ordre des Médecins de Monaco for ten years. Additionally, they served as the director of the internal medicine of the Princess Grace Hospital Centre, the only public hospital in Monaco.
Campora served as a member of the National Council from 1973 to 1993, and as its president from 1993 to 2003.
Campora served as the president of the AS Monaco FC from 1975 to 2003. Ten years later, they served as its vice president from January 2013 to August 2013.
Personal life
Campora resides in a gated community in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, outside Monaco.  They are separated from their wife. In December 2009, their house was burglarised. The two burglars were tried in May 2012.
References
Living people
1938 births
Presidents of the National Council (Monaco)
Members of the National Council (Monaco)
People from Roquebrune-Cap-Martin
Monegasque businesspeople
AS Monaco FC managers
Monegasque football managers
The Woodsman may refer to:
The Woodsman (2004 film), the 2004 film
The Woodsman (2016 film), the 2016 film
The Woodsman (play), the 2012 play
The Woodsman (character), an Over the Garden Wall character
Gregory Allen Brock (born June 14, 1957) is a retired baseball player who played for 10 seasons in Major League Baseball. A first baseman for their entire major league career, they split their time evenly between the Los Angeles Dodgers and Milwaukee Brewers.
Early life
Brock was born in McMinnville, Oregon, the son of Joe Brock, who coached baseball at Stayton High School. Greg played for their father at the school, and in 1995 had their jersey retired. Brock attended the University of Wyoming.
Career statistics
In 1013 games over 10 major league seasons, Brock posted a .248 batting average (794-for-3202) with 420 runs, 141 doubles, 6 triples, 110 home runs, 462 RBI, 41 stolen bases, 434 bases on balls, .338 on-base percentage and .399 slugging percentage. Defensively, they recorded a .994 fielding percentage as a first baseman. In the 1983 and 1985 National League Championship Series, they hit only .048 (1-for-21) with 3 runs, 1 home run, 2 RBI and 2 walks in 8 games.
References
External links
Greg Brock at Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Professional Baseball League)
1957 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Albuquerque Dukes players
Baseball players from Oregon
Beloit Brewers players
Lethbridge Dodgers players
Lodi Dodgers players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball first basemen
Milwaukee Brewers players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Sportspeople from McMinnville, Oregon
San Antonio Dodgers players
Vancouver Canadians players
Wyoming Cowboys baseball players
Afsar Khan Zazai (; born 10 August 1993) is an Afghan cricketer. Afsar is a right-handed wicket-keeper batsman who is known for their batting skills. They were one of the eleven cricketers to play in Afghanistan's first ever Test match, against India, in June 2018.  They are the first Test cap for Afghanistan.
International career
They effected nine dismissals in six games at the Under-19 World Cup qualifiers in September 2009. They were just 16 when they were included in the Afghanistan squad for 2010 Under-19s World Cup in New Zealand. In 2012, they played second Under-19s World Cup in Australia.
They were just 18 when they made their first-class debut for Afghanistan in an Intercontinental Cup match in Sharjah. In second innings they scored unbeaten 84 in three wicket win over The Netherlands.
The Netherlands were favorites to win when they had reduced Afghanistan to 111 for 6 in their chase of 233 on the second day. But Zazai did not give up and along with Mohammad Nabi's 25 and Samiullah Shenwari's 20 not out took Afghanistan to second position on the points table behind Ireland.
Afsar added 76 with Nabi and an unbroken 46 for the eighth wicket with Shenwari. They hit 13 boundaries in their unbeaten innings of 84 from 156 deliveries. Though Nabi fell to Michael Swart with the score on 187, Shenwari supported Afsar as they carried Afghanistan to the target.
They made their One Day International debut for Afghanistan against the United Arab Emirates on 28 November 2014.
In March 2017, they scored their maiden first-class century, when Afghanistan faced Ireland in round five of the 2015–17 ICC Intercontinental Cup.
In September 2018, they were named in Kabul's squad in the first edition of the Afghanistan Premier League tournament.
In May 2018, they were named in Afghanistan's squad for their inaugural Test match, played against India. They made their Test debut for Afghanistan, against India, on 14 June 2018.
In September 2021, they were named as one of two travelling reserves in Afghanistan's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Cricketers from Kabul
Afghan cricketers
Afghanistan Test cricketers
Afghanistan One Day International cricketers
Afghanistan Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers at the 2015 Cricket World Cup
Band-e-Amir Dragons cricketers
Kabul Zwanan cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Abilene High School is a public 6A high school located in Abilene, Texas, and is part of the Abilene Independent School District. Abilene High School is the name given to three different schools in the past 150 years. The first Abilene High was an old warehouse. Not long after that, the school was moved to what was the former Lincoln Middle School. In 1955, Abilene High was moved to its current location at N 6th and Mockingbird. Its main rival in sports is Cooper High School. The Abilene High Marching Band is accepted to be the oldest marching band in Texas. In 2011, the school was rated "Academically Acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
Coached by P. E. Shotwell, for whom Shotwell Stadium is named, Abilene High won its first state championship in 1923. Coach Dewey Mayhew guided the Eagles to their second state title in 1928, and a third one in 1931. Under Chuck Moser, Abilene won three consecutive state titles (1954–56). In 2009, the Eagles had an undefeated season and won the Division II State Finals, giving the Abilene Eagles their seventh state championship and first in 53 years.
State titles
Baseball –
1956(All), 1957(4A)
Football –
1923(All), 1928(1A), 1931(1A), 1954(4A), 1955(4A), 1956(4A), 2009(5A/D2)
Team Tennis –
1991(5A), 1999(5A)
Boys Track –
1925(All) 1954(2A), 1959(4A), 1960(4A), 1961(4A), 1976(4A),
One Act Play –
1930(All), 1943(All), 1946(All), 1949(2A), 1950(2A), 1964(4A), 1972(2A)
State finalists
Baseball –
1950(All), 1955(All)
Boys Basketball -
1938(All), 1941(All)
Football –
1922(All), 1927(1A)
Fine arts
Pure Gold
Pure Gold is a by audition only, a select choir made up of mostly juniors and seniors (but occasionally some sophomores).
Notable people
Maury Bray, NFL player for the Pittsburgh Pirates
Trey Forkerway, Professional Baseball Player/ Chicago Cubs Scout
Randall "Tex" Cobb, actor
Wayne Coffey, American football player
Jack Favor (Class of 1929), rodeo star falsely imprisoned for two murders in Louisiana
A. C. Greene, historian, author, and newspaperman, known as the Dean of Texas Writers. 1923–2002.
Glynn Gregory, football player
Chuck Hughes, NFL wide receiver
John Lackey, retired MLB pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels, Boston Red Sox, St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs. Three-time World Series Champion (2002, 2013 & 2016).
Dave Parks, NFL wide receiver and end
Chuck Harrison, former Major League Baseball player
Harold Stephens, football player
Jim Welch, Running back, Southern Methodist University at Dallas, Baltimore Colts, Detroit Lions
See also
Wylie High School (Abilene, Texas)
Cooper High School (Abilene, Texas)
References
Further reading
High schools in Taylor County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Abilene Independent School District
Charles Cook (November 20, 1800 Springfield, Otsego County, New York - October 16, 1866 Auburn, Cayuga County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life
Their father was killed during the War of 1812, and a few years later they left home to find work. They became a clerk in a store in Herkimer, New York, then went to Utica, New York and learned how to build canals. From 1823 on, they took part in the construction of the Delaware and Hudson Canal. In 1829, in company with their brothers Hiram and Elbert, they engaged in the construction of the Chemung Canal, and settled at Havana, NY, which was incorporated as a village in 1836. Cook bought large tracts of land and invested in improvements.
In 1846, they ran on the Whig ticket for Canal Commissioner, but was defeated. In 1847, they were one of the first three Canal Commissioners elected under the New York State Constitution of 1846, and drew the one-year term. They were re-elected to a full three-year term in 1848, remaining in office from 1848 to 1851.
In 1854, they finally succeeded in their effort to create Schuyler County, New York with Havana, NY, as the county seat. After only seven years the county seat was moved to Watkins against Cook's fierce opposition.
They were a member of the New York State Senate (27th District) in 1862 and 1863.
They were one of the owners of the Blossburg Coal Company, in Blossburg, Pennsylvania. They took part in the construction of the Erie Railway from Binghamton, New York to Elmira, New York which was used for the shipping of the coal.
They founded Cook Academy at Havana, NY, a boarding high school which closed after World War II. The building houses now the New York Academy of Fire Sciences.
They never married. The estate was inherited by their brother Elbert.
Notes
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (page 42; Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858)
The New-York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins & Edgar Albert Werner (pages 406 and 443; Weed, Parsons and Co., Albany NY, 1867)
Bust unveiled, with bio, in NYT on November 21, 1886
Charles Cook - The Father of Schuyler County by Barbara H. Bell in The Crooked Lake Review (April 1995)
1800 births
1866 deaths
People from Springfield, New York
Erie Canal Commissioners
People from Montour Falls, New York
New York (state) state senators
19th-century American politicians
In Polynesian mythology, stories about Tinirau are found throughout the islands of Polynesia.  They are a guardian of fish. Many themes recur in the various versions. Often they travel to another land in search of their wife, or their wife travels to another land in search of him; sometimes they treat their wife badly, or they reject him; while they are guardian of fish, it is their wife who gives the fish their individual characteristics. Sometimes their anxious or jealous relatives try to separate the lovers (Tremewan 2002:120).
In some traditions, they have a dual nature; one destructive as the guardian of sharks, and one a kind, handsome male youth; in others, their right side is human and their left side is a fish. Alternate names in the various Polynesian languages include Kinilau, Sinilau, Tigilau, and Tinilau.
In Samoa
Stories about Tinilau (or Tigilau) and their wife Sina are very popular in Samoa. There are numerous legends, and much variation in the tellings (Tremewan 2002:157). Here are some examples:
Tinilau lends their two turtles to ‘Ae, a Tongan. When they get home, ‘Ae kills the turtles and has a great feast for their people. When a bloody wave washes up on the beach, Tinilau calls a meeting of all the avenging gods of Savaii. The gods go to Tonga and pick 'Ae up, and return them to the house of Tinilau. When ‘Ae wakes up, they hear the rooster crowing, and it reminds them of the one they heard when they were staying with Tinilau. 'Ae, not knowing that they are in Tinilau's house, begins talking about “the pig, my master”. At once they are killed and eaten (Tregear 1891:110, Tremewan 2002:157).
‘Ae of Tonga comes to visit Tigilau and returns with Tigilau's two turtles, Toga, whom they kill, and Utuutu, who gets away. A demon named Supa catches ‘Ae and brings them back to Samoa to be killed by Tigilau (Tremewan 2002:157).
Sina rejects offers of marriage from the kings of Tonga and Fiji, instead seeking out Tigilau, who lives with their many wives. One day, Tigilau goes out fishing, and one of the jealous wives steals Sina's soul. To get it back, Tigilau travels to the sun (Tremewan 2002:157).
The fish for the wedding feast of Sina and Tigilau are swallowed by one of Tigilau's other wives. Tigilau blames Sina and banishes them to the forest with two servants. When they hear what has happened to their sister, Lupe flies to their home, their arrival throwing the whole land into shadow. They present fine mats as gifts for their wedding. Sina sings a song complaining about their harsh treatment, asking to be taken away. Tigilau overhears and kills their wives, telling Lupe that they want Sina to return to him. When they visit their son in a house near to Sina's, they become jealous when they see how many suitors are visiting Sina. At last, Sina returns to live with Tigilau for their son's sake (Tremewan 2002:157).
See also
Kinilau - Hawaii
Sinilau - Tonga, featuring in the story of Kae (and Longopoa).
Sāngone, with Lekapai another person like Kae.
Tinirau - Māori, featuring in the story of Kae.
In Mangaia (Cook Islands), Tinirau is the child of the goddess Varima-te-takere, born in Avaiki as a piece of flesh torn from their mother's side.  They are half fish. Motutapu is given to them as their inheritance.  They are guardian of all fish. Tumetua, Vatea, and others are their brothers (Tregear 1891:513).
Tinirau Arona (born 1989), New Zealand Rugby League player
References
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay, Wellington), 1891.
C. Tremewan, Traditional Stories from Southern New Zealand: They Kōrero nō Te Wai Pounamu (Macmillan Brown Centre for Pacific Studies: Christchurch), 2002.
Polynesian gods
Sea and river gods
Mangaia mythology
The Evangelical Mennonite Mission Conference (EMMC) is an evangelical body of Mennonite Christians, organized on July 1, 1959.
The EMMC was formed from the Rudnerweider Mennonite Church, which was organized in 1937. The Rudnerweider Mennonite Church arose in a revival that placed great emphasis on personal conversion, evangelism and missions, and split the Sommerfelder Mennonite Church in Manitoba. The conference is currently (2017) made up of 23 congregations in Canada (Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario and Saskatchewan), three in Belize, and two in Mexico. Offices are in Winnipeg, Manitoba. A convention is held annually. The EMMC is a member of the Mennonite World Conference.
References
Further reading
Mennonite Encyclopedia, Cornelius J. Dyck, Dennis D. Martin, et al., editors
External links
Official website
Evangelical Mennonite Mission Conference in Global Anabaptist Mennonite Encyclopedia Online
Mennonite denominations
Mennonite World Conference
Evangelical denominations in North America
Alice is a 2009 short story collection by the German writer Judith Hermann. It was shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.
See also
2009 in literature
German literature
References
2009 short story collections
German short story collections
S. Fischer Verlag books
Kwarteng is a Ghanaian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Kwasi Kwarteng (born 1975), British politician and historian
Kwaku Kwarteng (born 1969), Ghanaian Civil engineer, economist, and politician
Nana Koduah Kwarteng, Ghanaian politician
Ghanaian surnames
Mark Wischnitzer (May 10, 1882 – October 15, 1955) was a scholar of Jewish history.
Biography
Mark Wischnitzer was born on May 10, 1882, in Rovno, Russia. They studied at the University of Vienna and University of Berlin, and they received their doctorate in 1906. Wischnitzer served as editor of the history section of the Russian-language Jewish Encyclopedia from 1908 to 1913, and later as the editor of the Encyclopaedia Judaica published in Berlin. They moved to Berlin, Germany, in 1921. There they served as Secretary General of the Hilfsverein der Deutschen Juden until their immigration to France in 1938. In Paris from 1938 to 1940, they were a research associate of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee. Wischnitzer immigrated to the United States in 1941. From 1941 to 1949, they were a research associate for the Council of Jewish Federations and Welfare Funds. Starting in 1948, they were on the faculty of Yeshiva University as professor of Jewish history in the graduate school.
Mark Wischnitzer died on October 15, 1955, in Tel Aviv, Israel, of a heart attack. They were married to art historian Rachel Wischnitzer. They had one son, Leonard James.
Books
Die Universität Göttingen und die Entwicklung der liberalen Ideen in Russland im ersten Viertel des 19. Jahrhunderts, Berlin: Ebering, 1907
Die jüdische Zunftverfassung in Polen un Litauen im 17. une 18. Jahrhundert, Stuttgart: W. Kohlhammer, 1927
Die Juden in der Welt: Gegenwart und Geschichte des Judentums in allen Ländern, Berlin: Reiss, 1935
To dwell in safety: the story of Jewish migration since 1800, Philadelphia: Jewish Publication Society of America, 1949
Visas to freedom: the history of HIAS, Cleveland: World Pub. Co., 1956
References
External links
Mark Wischnitzer Papers at YIVO.
Milgroim : Zeitschrift für Kunst und Literatur (q N 8 M5), a digitized periodical published by Mark Wischnitzer and their wife, at the Leo Baeck Institute, New York
1882 births
1955 deaths
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Jewish historians
Jewish scholars
University of Vienna alumni
Yeshiva University faculty
This is a list of countries by carbon dioxide emissions per capita per year.
The first section is devoted to emissions based on the production of goods and services within each country (also known as territorial-based emissions). It provides data regarding carbon dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels and cement manufacture but not emissions from land-use, land-use change and forestry (which includes deforestation). Emissions from international shipping or bunker fuels are also not included in national figures, which can make a significant difference for small countries with important ports.
The second section provides data regarding emissions based on consumption of goods and services in each country. In addition to the emissions from goods and services produced locally, consumption-based accounting also includes the emissions from the consumption of goods and services produced abroad, i.e. imports, while it excludes emissions from the production of goods and services consumed abroad, i.e. exports. As it takes into account the emissions embodied in international trade, it is thus also known as trade-adjusted emissions accounting.
Carbon dioxide is the most important, though not the only anthropogenic greenhouse gas. For a more complete idea of how a country influences climate change, gases such as methane and nitrous oxide should be taken into account. This is particularly so in agricultural economies.
Carbon dioxide emissions are also known for earlier periods. A study of a global sample of twelve countries provide estimates for emissions since 1800 and explores the long-run drivers of carbon dioxide emissions by decomposing changes in carbon emissions into population, income, technological and energy mix changes.
Production-based emissions: annual carbon dioxide emissions in metric tons per capita
Consumption-based emissions: annual carbon dioxide emissions in metric tons per capita
See also
List of countries by greenhouse gas emissions per person
List of countries by greenhouse gas emissions
List of countries by carbon dioxide emissions
List of U.S. states and territories by carbon dioxide emissions
Avoiding Dangerous Climate Change
Carbon cycle
Kyoto Protocol
Life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions of energy sources
Notes
External links
OECD Stats Extracts - Detailed OECD country level environment statistics
World Per Capita Carbon Dioxide Emissions - exhaustive and up to date list of statistic by country from Energy Information Administration (spreadsheet format)
World Per Capita Carbon Footprint - exhaustive and up to date list of carbon footprint distributed on countries Norwegian University of Science and Technology
World Bank Data - emissions (metric tons per capita), currently includes 2010 data.
Carbon dioxide
Carbon dioxide emissions per capita
countries, Carbon
Carbon dioxide emissions per capita
Route 163 is a highway in Boone County, Missouri, United States. Its northern terminus is at Interstate 70/U.S. Route 40 (I-70/US 40) in Columbia; its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 63 (US 63) south of Columbia. Route 163 passes through Rock Bridge State Park and Columbia is the only city on the highway. Within the city, the route is known locally as Providence Road.
Route description
Route 163 begins at an interchange with US 63 and State Route H, with the latter leaving the interchange at the opposite side from Route 163. The highway then runs north parallel to US 63. This section was originally part of US 63 before being bypassed in 2011 and is now known locally as Tom Bass Road. Route 163 originally began at an at-grade intersection before being removed when a new US 63 southbound lane was built. After running parallel to US 63, Route 163 turns west and then passes in a northwesterly direction through Rock Bridge State Park. It briefly leaves the park to pass through the village of Pierpont, where Route N is intersected. After leaving the park, Route 163 turns north upon its intersection with Route K. North of the Route K intersection, the route enters the city of Columbia, through which the road is known locally as Providence Road. After entering Columbia, the route gains four-lane divided highway status, and then immediately passes Rock Bridge High School, one of four public high schools in the city. North of the school, the highway intersects Route AC, which is known locally as Nifong Boulevard. After crossing Hinkson Creek, Route 163 passes near the University of Missouri sports complex, including Faurot Field and the Mizzou Arena. Near the complex, the route loses its median barrier and crosses Route 740, also known as Stadium Boulevard. Route 163 then passes through Downtown Columbia. In the southwest corner of the intersection with Business Loop 70 lies Hickman High School, another public high school. Just north of Business Loop 70 is the route's northern end at I-70/US 40.
Major intersections
See also
References
163
Streets in Columbia, Missouri
Transportation in Boone County, Missouri
This is the filmography of Indian actor Jaishankar, who performed roles ranging from hero to villain. They were credited on screen with the title of Makkal Kalaignar Jaishankar or Makkal Tamilan in most of their films, sometimes referred to as Thennagathu James Bond (South Indian James Bond). In the era dominated by Sivaji Ganesan, M. G. Ramachandran and Ravichandran ,Gemini Ganesan, they created their own niche with portrayals of westernised characters.
Jaishankar made their film debut in 1965, in the film Iravum Pagalum, directed by Joseph Thaliath Jr. The film was released on 14 January 1965 on Thai Pongal day. Despite facing competition from Enga Veettu Pillai and Pazhani, released on the same day, the film become a commercial success. They generally starred in romance, comedy and action films (especially as detective). In the following year they acted in Enga Veettu Penn (1965), Panchavarna Kili, where they played in a dual role, and the film become a commercial success. Jaishankar starred in Kuzhandaiyum Deivamum (1965), where they played a divorced husband, an adaptation of Disney's The Parent Trap, directed by Krishnan–Panju, produced by AVM Productions. It was a commercial success and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil, and in Née, they played a college student, pairing with Jayalalithaa for the first time, which become a commercial success. In 1966, they acted in the Psychological thriller film Yaar Née?, produced by P. S. Veerappa, it was remake of the Hindi film Woh Kaun Thi? (1964). The film became successful at the box office. In 1967, they acted in the romantic-comic fantasy film Pattanathil Bhootham, starring with K. R. Vijaya, the film was heavily inspired by the 1964 American film The Brass Bottle, the film was directed by M. V. Raman, and the film was released on Tamil Puthandu. Despite facing competition from Magaraasi, released on same day, it becomes a major commercial success. In 1969, they acted in a comedy film Poova Thalaiya, where they played the role of a successful son-in-law, who will compete with an arrogant aunt. The film was a box office success, running for 100 days in many centers of Tamil Nadu and also all over India. In the same year they give another major success; Akka Thangai, they played a suspected brother and the film was directed by M. A. Thirumugam. The film was huge hit at the box office and won the Tamil Nadu Film Award for Best Film (Second Prize). They starred in Mannippu, where they played an artist and falsely charged their finance missing case, it becomes a successful at the box office and the film was remade of Malayalam film Padunna Puzha.
In Maanavan (1970), they played a young man who becomes a district administrator from the poverty level. Maanavan proved a commercial success. In 1970 they acted comedy film Veettuku Veedu, based on the play Thikku Theriyadha Veettil and later 2001 Viswanathan Ramamoorthy based on this film, it became a huge hit at the box office. They starred in Ethirkalam with Gemini Ganesan and they acted western-adventure film Kalam Vellum (1970), all the films became successful at the box office. In Nootrukku Nooru (1971), they played a college professor, who is accused by three college girls of sexual harassment, the film was directed by K. Balachander under their production Kalakendra. It was one of the film milestones of Shankar's career and they won the Film Fans Association Best Actor Award in 1971.
Jaishankar worked under Modern Theatres film such as Iru Vallavargal (1966), Vallavan Oruvan (1966), Kadhalithal Podhuma (1967), Naangu Killadigal, Neelagiri Express (1968), CID Shankar, Karundhel Kannayiram (1972), Thedi Vandha Lakshmi (1973).
Between 1980 and 1999 Jaishankar emerged with the latest actors like Rajinikanth, Kamal Hassan, Vijayakanth, Sathyaraj, Thiagarajan, Mohan, Prabhu, Arjun, Vijay and played lead villain and in character role. In Murattu Kalai (1980), they reprised their villain role and co-starred with Rajinikanth. In Vidhi (1984), they played a rich criminal lawyer and father of playboy son, the film became a commercial success. In 1984, they acted in the thriller film 24 Mani Neram, where they played an investigator, the film was directed by Manivannan and in the same year they worked under Balu Mahendra's in Neengal Kettavai. In 1985, they played actor Nadhiya's father's role in Poove Poochooda Vaa, directed by Fazil. Later, they acted in horror-thriller films such as Yaar? and Pillai Nila (both released in 1985) and they played in the crime thriller film Saavi, in which they played a CID Inspector and solved a murder case. The film was based on American film Dial M for Murder. The film was a commercial hit at the box office. In the film Oomai Vizhigal (1986), they ran unprofitable Magazine Dhinamurasu, they were an editor of the magazine, the film was made by Film college students and ran over 100 days in theatres. In 1989, they acted in science fiction-horror film Naalai Manithan, in which they played a mad scientist who invents as drug which gives back life to the dead if injected within two hours of death, it became a profitable venture.
Filmography
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
Television
References
External links
Indian filmographies
Male actor filmographies
is a Japanese light novel series by Kaya Kizaki, with illustrations by Itsuki Akata. As of March 2011, thirteen volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint. An anime adaptation by Studio Deen aired in 2011.
Plot
The series revolves around Ryūji Kisaragi, a seemingly ordinary teenager who is living a peaceful life while also attending high school. However, their peaceful life gets interrupted after their second cousin, Eriko returns from abroad. With no time to waste, Eriko drags Ryūji to a black marketing organisation called FANG. They steal a large relic box from the broker and run away.
After opening the box, Eriko and Ryūji find a young, girl-like dragon with long, blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes. The girl instantly recognises Ryūji and becomes attracted to him. They decide to name the girl Rose, due to the rose-like pattern on their left hand. Suddenly, the very same organisation who kept Rose captive arrive to take them back. But Ryūji is not ready to let them go without a fight!
From that moment on, Ryūji and Eriko embark on an unexpected yet exciting adventure as they strive to protect Rose from various organisations that are out to capture them Ryūji relies on their powers as a Level 10 breaker to fend these bad guys off. On the way, they meet other dragons who share troubled relationships with each other. Also, Ryūji comes face to face with a truth long kept hidden from them since their birth.
Characters
Ryūji is 15 years old. Their parents are "Lost Precious" hunters like the rest of their family and since they are often away from home, they live mostly on their own. At first they cannot explain why Rose knows him, however, they eventually remember a vague memory of seeing Rose hatch from their egg when they were much younger and them saving them from an untimely death. Ryūji is a level 10 breaker, the most skilled of those who search for and use Lost Precious'. Besides Ryūji, there are only seven other level 10 breakers in the world, all older than they are. As the story progresses, Ryūji is recognized by some of the dragons as Rose's fiancé, although this is due to a misunderstanding. Ryūji has feelings for Rose and does care about them This is evident when they first "Engaged" with Rose, which allowed them to borrow Rose's power and achieve unbelievable power. Ryūji begins to feel embarrassed around Rose after they perform the dragon's coming of age ceremony with Rose (a simple kiss on the dragon scale birthmark on their hand). According to Onyx, Ryūji is not human but the corporeal form of a Lost Precious called "Dragon Crisis" that can exert a great influence over dragons, thus they are able to wield the Lost Precious "Slash Breath" - a powerful weapon made from a dragon tooth and feared by all dragons. Onyx also claims that this is the reason why Rose became weaker after performing the coming of age ceremony with him. This is later proven to be false by Maruga.
Notably, Ryūji means "Dragon Ruler", in Japanese.
Little is known about Rose beyond the fact that they are a young dragon, and thus still unable to change form. When they are first released from the case the crime syndicate "Fang" were transporting them in they know nothing but Ryūji's name, but soon picks up a few words. Since they are unable to communicate at first, Ryūji gives them the name Rose because the dragon scales on the back of their left hand resemble a rose. Rose is aggressive towards nearly everyone except Ryūji, to whom they cling, even insisting on sleeping beside them in their bed. They deeply love Ryūji, but is unsure of their feelings for them Rose and Ryūji first met when they were young. They found them when they hatched from their egg and Eriko believes that they fell in love with them at first sight. Later, some of the dragons acknowledged Ryūji as Rose's fiancé due to misunderstanding of the term "Engage". After Ryūji kisses their birthmark as part of their coming of age ritual, Rose becomes flustered and embarrassed around him. When they become inexplicably weaker after the ritual. Onyx claims that it is because Ryūji is the corporeal form of the Lost Precious "Dragon Crisis". In the final episode Maruga reveals that this was a lie and that Rose was sick because their intense feelings for Ryūji manifested themselves physically.
Ryūji's busty 19-year-old second cousin. They have been studying abroad for some time but returns to Japan to intercept a "Lost Precious" that "Fang" will be transporting through the city docks. Despite the danger of taking anything that "Fang" believes is theirs they do not back down because they believe the contents, which they suspect to be an S rank "Lost Precious", will prove their worth to the other "Lost Precious" hunters. Initially unable to identify what or who Rose is, they are shocked when they discover that Rose is a Red Dragon.
Ryūji's classmate. They have feelings for Ryūji, but is shy whenever they are around him, making it hard for them to approach them casually and express their feelings.  They are in shock after misunderstanding Ryūji and Rose being engaged.
A dragon whom Ryuji' meets during their trip to the beach.  They are the princess of the ice dragons. Initially they have a haughty attitude towards Ryuji, but they warm up towards him. It is implied that they like Ryuji, as they blush when Ryuji is around. They ask Ryuji for a favor - to take a cursed Lost Precious from another level 10 Breaker, George Evans. After the incident, they show up in the last 2 episodes of the anime, where they convince Ryuji to go save Rose. Since the black dragon, Onyx, used to live in their land, they have known each other since childhood.
 They are 15 years old and is a famous thief of Lost Precious, called Odd Eye (because of their one golden eye). Them tattoo is really a Lost Precious which allows them to transform into a half wolf. Furumori (Ai's master) placed it inside them as an experiment in integrating a person and a Lost Precious. They were taken from their home by Furumori and grew up believing that their family was dead and that they were born a half wolf. They find out that Furumori lied to them shortly before they die in battle against Ryuji and forgives him. After their story arc, they find and returns to their real parents. They like Ryuji for saving them from their life of thievery as well as accepting their unusual appearance and continues to visit them in later episodes.
Onyx is a black dragon and the main antagonist. They claim to be Rose's fiancé. They use black dragon magic.
A blue dragon girl. They have lived with Onyx since hatching 5 years previously.  They are jealous of Rose for taking the attention of Onyx away from them  They are also Onyx's fiancée, however Onyx doesn't like them that much as Rose. They have power over water, but has very little control over it so their attempts to use water typically end up backfiring on them
Anime
Dragon Crisis! was adapted into a 12-episode anime television series by Studio Deen under the direction of Hideki Tachibana and with screenplay by Hideyuki Kurata. The series began its broadcast run on Chiba TV on January 11, 2011 and was scheduled to end on March 29, 2011. However, the last three episodes were temporarily put on hold after a 9.0 earthquake and tsunami struck Japan on March 11. The series was rebroadcast by Chukyo TV, KIDS STATION, Tochigi TV, Tokyo MX, TV Kanagawa, TV Saitama and Yomiuri TV days later and simulcast by Crunchyroll to audiences in Australia, Europe, North America, and South America.
Episode list
Music
The opening theme of the anime is by Yui Horie, and the ending theme is by Momoiro Clover.
Notes
References
External links
Light novel official website - archive April 23, 2011
Anime official website
2007 Japanese novels
2011 anime television series debuts
2011 Japanese television series endings
Action anime and manga
Anime and manga based on light novels
Light novels
Studio Deen
Romantic comedy anime and manga
Super Dash Bunko
Shueisha franchises
Tokyo MX original programming
Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation original programming
"Land of Make Believe" is a 1968 song and single by Australian rock group the Easybeats, which was written by band members George Young and Harry Vanda. It was also released on the band's fifth album Vigil.
Background
The song was originally recorded during the ill-fated sessions held at Olympic Studios in London, with engineer-producer Glyn Johns, in mid-1967. Since they took place in the period between the departure of original drummer Snowy Fleet and the recruitment of their eventual successor, Tony Cahill, the group hired drummer Freddie Smith (who had previously worked with George Young's brother Alex in the group The Big Six) for these sessions, which also prominently feature the contributions of renowned keyboardist Nicky Hopkins on piano, harpsichord and Mellotron.
The song was originally intended for the group's next album, but although a full LP (to be titled Good Times) was recorded, sequenced and mastered, and a cover prepared, contractual problems that emerged soon after the sessions (and a financial dispute with Olympic over unpaid studio fees) ultimately led to the entire album being scrapped. Some tracks from these sessions, including "Land of Make Believe", were subsequently released as singles and/or were included on their 1968 album Vigil, but a number of others remained unreleased until the issue of the Raven Records (Australia) rarities compilation LP The Shame Just Drained in 1982.
Prior to their arrival in the UK, virtually all the Easybeats' songs had been co-written by rhythm guitarist George Young and lead singer Stevie Wright but, starting with "Friday on my Mind", there was a fundamental shift in the creative focus of the band, and from this point on all their output was co-composed by Young and lead guitarist Harry Vanda, who formed an enduring and hugely successful writing and production partnership that continued into the 1990s. Nevertheless, it was reportedly one of Wrights' favourite Easybeats recordings. It is also notable as one of the few Easybeats tracks to feature Harry Vanda on lead vocals.
After the band returned from their U.S. tour in September, they resumed work on the song with arranger Bill Shepherd (who also worked extensively with The Bee Gees during this period). This later version - a notably different edit, with string overdubs - runs approximately 30 seconds longer than the original version, and only appeared on the Italian release of the song and the 1975 reissue of The Best of The Easybeats + Pretty Girl.
The song would be released as a single promoting the album Vigil in July, 1968.
Tracklisting
Land of Make Believe
We All Live Happily
Australian single release
Land of Make Believe
Good Times
Charts
References
1968 singles
The Easybeats songs
Parlophone singles
Songs written by George Young (rock musician)
1968 songs
Songs written by Harry Vanda
Thorsgade (lit. "Thor Street") is a mainly residential street in the Mimersgade Quarter of Nørrebro in Copenhagen, Denmark, linking Nørrebrogade in the southwest to Tagensvej in the northeast. The first part of the street is only open to one-way traffic in the direction from Nørrebrogade to Dagmarsgade. The street takes its name after the Norse god Thor. The now decommissioned Samuel's Church is located at No. 65.
Thorsparken, a small public park between Thorsgade and Allersgade, offers facilities such as a playground, soccer cage, picnic tables and benches.
History
Created in 1863, Thorsgade is one of the oldest streets in the Outer Nørrebro area. It is also one of the first streets in Nørrebro named with inspiration from Norse mythology. It was initially just a short street that linked Dagmarsgade with Odinsgade. At the time of the 1870 census, Thorsgade was still only home to 22 families and It only consisted of five house numbers (No. 1-5 and No. 2-4). The street was towards the end of the century extended to Nørrebrogade (then Lygtevej) in one end and to Mimersgade (then Rosagade ) in the other.
The street was not extended from Mimersgade to Tagensvej until the late 1910s. The site where Thorsgade meets Tagensvej had until then been the site of a windmill named Tagensmølle and Mansfeld Hollners Teknisk Kemiske Fabrik (Mansfeld Hollner's Technical Chemical Factory). Tagensmølle was later renamed Jagtvejens Mølle og Brødfabrik (Jagtvej Mill & Bread Factory. It was demolished in 1917.
Buildings
Samuel's Church (No. 65) was built in 1924-32 to designs by the architect Carl Schøitz. It was decommissioned in 2013 as one of six Churches of Denmark churches in Copenhagen. It has now been converted into youth housing.. The building is now known as Samuels Hus and contains 34 dwellings.
The neighboring building (Mp. 63) was built for a charity called Arbejde Adler ("Work Ennobles") in 1934. A relief above the door depicts a worker with a hoe and wooden shoes.
Thorsgadekollegiet (No. 85-97) is from 2004-2005 and was designed by Triarc. It contains 46 dwellings for students.
Thorsparken
Thorsparken occupies a rectangular space between Thorsgade in the southeast and Allersgade in the northwest. Facilities include a playground, soccer cage, picnic tables and benches. The playground was most recently refurbished in 2009.
Transport
The nearest Copenhagen Metro station is Nørrebros Runddel. The first part of the street is only open to one-way traffic in the direction from Nørrebrogade to Dagmarsgade.
Cultural references
Thorsgade plays a dominant role in Poul Kragelund's memoirs from Nørrebro and Vangede Så vidt jeg husker ("As Far As I Recall It"). Their grand parents lived in the street.
See also
Bragesgade
Prinsesse Charlottes Gade
References
External links
Thorsgade at kbhbilleder.dk
Streets in Nørrebro
1863 establishments in Denmark
The white-browed bush robin (Tarsiger indicus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found from the Himalayas to south-central China and Taiwan. Its natural habitat is Rhododendron and conifer forests.
The subspecies formosanus, distributed in Taiwan, was described by Ernst Hartert in 1910. It is now proposed to be a full species, the Taiwan bush robin (T. formosanus), in a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2022. It is distinctive in genetics, songs and morphology.
References
white-browed bush robin
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of China
Birds of Taiwan
Birds of Yunnan
white-browed bush robin
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Senegal Company () may refer to:
Compagnie du Sénégal (lit. "Company of the Senegal"), a 17th-century chartered company which administered French Senegal
Compagnie du Sénégal et de la Côte occidentale d'Afrique (lit. "Company of the Senegal and West Coast of Africa"), a private 19th-century company involved in the Nigerian palm oil trade
The Mississippi River Bridge is a combination of two individual bridges which are also known as the Cass Street Bridge and the Cameron Avenue Bridge, as well as the Big Blue Bridges. They connect downtown La Crosse, Wisconsin to Barron Island, crossing the east channel of the Mississippi River. Another bridge, the La Crosse West Channel Bridge connects Barron Island to La Crescent, Minnesota. The Mississippi River Bridge carries U.S. Routes 14 and 61 with WI 16. There is another bridge about four miles upstream, the I-90 Mississippi River Bridge that connects North La Crosse, French Island, and Dresbach, Minnesota.
The Cass Street Bridge opened Sept. 23, 1939; replacing the previous Vernon Street swing bridge which was heavily damaged following an automobile accident in 1935. The original concrete deck was replaced by a metal deck in 1983; the deck was rehabilitated when the parallel Cameron Avenue Bridge opened in 2005.
See also
List of crossings of the Upper Mississippi River
References
External links
Mississippi River Bridge
Bridges over the Mississippi River
Bridges completed in 1939
Bridges completed in 2004
U.S. Route 61
Tied arch bridges in the United States
U.S. Route 14
Bridges of the United States Numbered Highway System
Cantilever bridges in the United States
Truss bridges in the United States
Bridges in Wisconsin
1939 establishments in Minnesota
1939 establishments in Wisconsin
Interstate vehicle bridges in the United States
The Avtoros Shaman is a four-cylinder diesel engine 8x8 all-terrain vehicle, built by Russian company Avtoros. The vehicle's design includes the ability to carry eight passengers, the use of low pressure tyres, an optional extra that can allow it to navigate on water, a "captain's chair" driving position, and three drive modes - both on and off-road capabilities, and a "crab" mode that allows the car to move sideways. Its design was intended to allow it to navigate all forms of terrain and be an ideal choice for outdoor adventures, with each vehicle costing over €150,000. As the vehicle takes two months to be manufactured, buyers have the option to customize their purchase during this stage.
Specifications
Operators
: 4 Shamans were delivered to the Defence Force of Haiti in March 2018.
See also
TREKOL another Russian manufacture of large ATVs
References
Links
Official website
Eight-wheel drive
Off-road vehicles
Wang Chien-fa (; born 19 March 1949) is a politician in Taiwan. They were the Magistrate of Penghu County from 20 December 2005 until 25 December 2014.
Education
Wang obtained their bachelor's degree from the Department of Public Administration at National Open University.
Penghu County Magistrate
2005 Penghu County Magistracy election
Wang was elected Magistrate of Penghu County as the Kuomintang candidate on 3 December 2005 and assumed office on 20 December 2005.
2009 Penghu County Magistracy election
Wang was reelected for a second term on 5 December 2009.
See also
Penghu County Government
References
1949 births
Living people
Magistrates of Penghu County
The 2020 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states and the District of Columbia participated. Alabama voters chose nine electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Republican President Donald Trump and their running mate, incumbent Vice President Mike Pence, against Democratic challenger and former Vice President Joe Biden and their running mate, United States Senator Kamala Harris of California. Also on the ballot was the Libertarian nominee, psychology lecturer Jo Jorgensen and their running mate, entrepreneur and podcaster Spike Cohen. Write-in candidates were permitted without registration, and their results were not individually counted.
Prior to the election, all 14 news organizations making predictions considered this a state Trump would win, or otherwise a safe red state. A socially conservative Bible Belt state, Alabama has voted for the Republican candidate in every election since 1980 and has done so by double-digit margins in all of them except 1980, 1992, and 1996. Per exit polls by Edison Research, Biden's only strength came from African American voters with 89%; this strength was reflected in the majority-black counties of the Black Belt that Biden carried. Conversely, Trump dominated key Republican constituencies, including 92% among white born-again Evangelicals. Trump also carried 72 percent of Alabama's white vote overall, winning several suburban counties near Birmingham, Montgomery and Mobile with well over 70 percent of the vote.
This election marked the first time since 1992 that Alabama and neighboring Georgia did not vote for the same presidential candidate.
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on Super Tuesday, March 3, 2020.
Republican primary
As one of the Super Tuesday states, little campaigning has been done here, and the focus had been on the highly competitive Republican senatorial primary, which was expected to boost turnout.
Democratic primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
With Generic Opponent
Fundraising
According to the Federal Election Commission, in 2019 and 2020, Donald Trump and their interest groups raised $4,412,645.01, Joe Biden and their interest groups raised $2,412,420.93, and Jo Jorgensen raised $8,172.29 from Alabama-based contributors.
Candidate ballot access
Donald John Trump / Michael Richard Pence, Republican
Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. / Kamala Devi Harris, Democratic
Jo Jorgensen / Jeremy "Spike" Cohen, Libertarian
In addition, write-in candidates were allowed without registration, and their votes were not counted individually.
Electoral slates
Technically the voters of Alabama cast their ballots for electors, or representatives to the Electoral College, rather than directly for the President and Vice President. Alabama is allocated 9 electors because it has 7 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 9 electors who pledge to vote for their candidate and their running mate. Whoever wins the most votes in the state is awarded all 9 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for president and vice president. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than their candidate is known as a faithless elector. In the state of Alabama, a faithless elector's vote is counted and not penalized.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2020, to cast their votes for president and vice president. All 9 pledged electors cast their votes for President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead, the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. The electoral vote was tabulated and certified by Congress in a joint session on January 6, 2021 per the Electoral Count Act.
These electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state:
Results
Results by county
Results by congressional district
Trump won 6 of 7 congressional districts. Trump's 81.2% in Alabama's 4th district was their best showing of any congressional district in the nation.
Exit polls
Edison
The following are estimates from exit polls conducted by the Edison Research for the National Election Pool (encompassing ABC News, CBS News, CNN, and NBC News) interviewing 1,201 Alabama voters, adjusted to match the actual vote count.
Associated Press
The following are estimates from exit polls conducted by the University of Chicago for the Associated Press interviewing 1,905 likely voters in Alabama, adjusted to match the actual vote count.
Analysis
The Democratic Party dominated Alabama politics in the early 19th century. The party held an 84-year streak on the presidential ballot from 1876 and 1944, and did not vote for a Republican between 1872 and 1964. Congressional and local politics were effectively one-party systems as well even into the early 21st century. Yet, the Southern Strategy and realignment of political parties made the Republicans the prominent political party in the South as evangelical White Southerners realigned to the Republicans in response and opposition to the Democratic support of Civil Rights legislation. Republican ascendance to the presidential ballot began in 1964, when conservative Barry Goldwater easily carried the state among others in the Deep South, despite Lyndon B. Johnson's nationwide landslide. Johnson wiped out Goldwater in most of the rest of the country due to Johnson portraying Goldwater's views as anti-civil rights and pro-war, the former of which appealed more to the Southern states. Thus, this election marked a turning point in Alabama politics, creating a Republican advantage that slowly trickled downballot. As a consequence, today, it is now one of the quintessential Republican states in the South, and a Trump victory was near-guaranteed.
According to the Pew Research Center, Alabama is tied with neighboring Mississippi for the most religious state in the country: as of 2016, 77% of adults are "highly religious" and 82% believe in God. Just as with other Bible Belt states, the dominating evangelical population in rural and suburban Alabama more than offset any gains made by Vice President Biden. Biden did win Jefferson County, which encompasses Alabama's largest city, Birmingham, by a margin of 13.15%. Birmingham was a potential host for the 2020 Democratic National Convention, but it was not chosen. The rest of the counties they won were in the Black Belt, a Democratic enclave in Alabama due to high proportions of African Americans. Highly fertile black soil made this area a hotbed for slavery in the antebellum and Civil War days, and once these slaves were emancipated in 1865 and enfranchised in the 1960s, this collection of counties, all of which but Russell still being majority-Black, became solidly Democratic: seven of them gave 70% or more of their ballots to Biden, and two (Greene and Macon) gave them over 80%. However, the Great Migration saw most of these counties become rural and sparsely populated, with the exception of Montgomery County, home to the state capital of Montgomery.
Trump easily outperformed these wins with victories in every other metropolitan area and the Birmingham suburbs. They won, in order of population, Mobile, Madison, Shelby, Tuscaloosa, and Baldwin counties, all of which are heavy population centers with powerfully Republican suburbs. Nonetheless, Biden's performances in Madison County (home to Huntsville) and Shelby County were the best of any Democrat since that of Jimmy Carter in 1980. Trump also carried all rural counties outside of the Black Belt; 18 counties gave them over 80% of the vote. They also carried the two swing counties of Barbour and Conecuh. Trump's largest margin was in the historically Republican Winston County, where they received 90.35% of the vote.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Alabama came from 88% of White born again/evangelical Christians, which comprised 53% of voters. Protestant voters backed Trump with 75% of the vote, Catholics with 59%, and other Christians with 63%. Expectedly, Biden had their greatest strength among other religious groups, whom they captured 56–43, and nonreligious voters, who backed them 60–38. 59% of voters believed abortion should be illegal in all or most cases, and these voters backed Trump by 84–15. Other policy divides were also evident: 48% of voters supported COVID-19 restrictions over economic harm, while 50% supported the opposite. These groups backed Biden 68–30 and Trump 90–7, respectively. 70% of voters believed racism is a significant issue in American society, and these voters decided to back Biden 50–48, but were usurped by the other 30% of voters who believed the opposite and gave 94% of their support to Trump.
As is the case in most Southern states, there was a stark racial divide in voting in this election, with Trump capturing 78% of white Alabamians and Biden winning 91% of black Alabamians. While Trump carried all gender, age, and education groups, Biden was most competitive among women (53% of voters, backing Trump 59–40), voters aged 18 to 29 (12% of voters, backing Trump 52–45), and postgraduates (11% of the electorate, backing Trump 53–44).
This election corresponded with the 2020 U.S. Senate election in Alabama, where incumbent Democrat Doug Jones – who was elected by a 21,924 vote margin in a 2017 special election – ran for a full six-year term but was defeated by Republican football coach Tommy Tuberville. Despite losing, Jones outperformed Biden by 5.1 percentage points.
See also
United States presidential elections in Alabama
2020 United States elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Democratic Party presidential debates
2020 Democratic Party presidential forums
Results of the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential debates
Results of the 2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States Senate election in Alabama
2020 United States House of Representatives elections
Elections in Alabama
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Alabama
2020
Presidential
Bullet train may refer to:
Rail
Shinkansen high-speed trains of Japan, nicknamed for their appearance and speed
Other high-speed trains of a similar appearance to Japanese trains
An ongoing project to build high-speed rail in India.
Rail topics named "Bullet"
Caribou (train), a passenger train formerly used in Newfoundland and colloquially referred to as The Newfie Bullet
Bullet, a former passenger train of the Central Railroad of New Jersey
Bullet (interurban), a high-speed U.S. interurban rail car inaugurated in 1931
Bathurst Bullet, a passenger train connecting Sydney and Bathurst, Australia
Bullet TCV, a troop-carrying vehicle developed by Rhodesia
Arts and media
The Bullet Train (Shinkansen Daibakuha), a 1975 Japanese movie starring Sonny Chiba
Bullet Train (band), a Japanese boyband
"Bullet Train" (song), a song by Judas Priest
Bullet Train (novel), a 2010 novel by Kōtarō Isaka
Bullet Train (film), a 2022 film based on the novel
Other uses
Bullet Train for Australia, a defunct political party in Australia
See also
Bullet (disambiguation)
Train (disambiguation)
Matt Doorey (born 27 June 2000) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a forward for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the NRL.
Career
2020
Doorey made their first grade debut in round 14 of the 2020 NRL season for Canterbury-Bankstown against the Wests Tigers, scoring a try on debut in a 29–28 loss at Bankwest Stadium.
2021
Doorey made a total of 13 appearances for Canterbury in the 2021 NRL season as the club finished last and claimed the wooden spoon.
References
External links
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs profile
2000 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league second-rows
, also known as JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: The Animation, is a Japanese anime television series produced by David Production. An adaptation of the Japanese manga series of the same name by Hirohiko Araki, the series focuses on the mysterious adventures of the Joestar family across generations, from the end of the 19th century to modern times. The series was first broadcast on Tokyo MX before entering syndication on 4 JNN stations, BS11, and Animax.
The first season, adapting the first two parts, Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency, aired in Japan between October 2012 and April 2013. The series is distributed in North America by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment and Viz Media, with the former handling the series on DVD and the latter handling the series on Blu-Ray and the merchandising rights. In the United States, it aired on Adult Swim's Toonami programming block starting in October 2016.
A second season adapting the manga's third part, Stardust Crusaders, aired between April and September 2014, with a second part airing between January and June 2015. A third season covering the fourth part, Diamond Is Unbreakable, aired from April to December 2016. A fourth season covering the fifth part, Golden Wind, aired from October 2018 to July 2019. A fifth season covering the sixth part, Stone Ocean, began streaming worldwide on Netflix in December 2021.
Premise
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure tells the story of the Joestar family, a family whose various members discover they are destined to take down supernatural foes using powers that they possess. The story is split up into unique parts, each following a member of the Joestar family, who typically have names that can be abbreviated to the titular "JoJo".
Release
On July 5, 2012, at a press conference celebrating the 25th anniversary of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure and promoting series creator Hirohiko Araki's then-upcoming art exhibition, Araki and their people announced that an anime adaptation of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure was in production and would premiere in October 2012. In August 2012, it was announced that the series would be produced by David Production. The first season of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure covered the first two parts of the manga, Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency. It aired for 26 episodes on Tokyo MX between October 6, 2012 and April 6, 2013.
Although teased at in the post-credit scenes of the finale, the second season of the anime series, which covered the third part of the manga, Stardust Crusaders, was officially announced in the 47th issue of Weekly Shōnen Jump and the fifth tankōbon volume of JoJolion in October 2013. It was broadcast on Tokyo MX in two parts for a total of 48 episodes; the first from April 5 to September 13, 2014, and the second from January 10 to June 20, 2015. The Japanese broadcast censored scenes of underage characters smoking by overlaying black shadows on them.
In October 2015, at the "Last Crusaders" event for Stardust Crusaders, a third season and adaptation of the fourth part of the manga, Diamond Is Unbreakable, was announced. It premiered on April 1, 2016 and ended on December 23, 2016. An original video animation (OVA) adapting the Thus Spoke Rohan Kishibe manga spin-offs to people who had purchased all thirteen Japanese DVD or Blu-ray volumes of the Diamond Is Unbreakable anime series.
On June 21, 2018, at the "Ripples of Adventure" art exhibition, a fourth season and adaptation of the fifth part of the manga, Golden Wind, was announced . The pilot debuted at Anime Expo on July 6, 2018, and formally aired from October 5, 2018 to July 28, 2019 on Tokyo MX.
On April 4, 2021, at the JOESTAR The Inherited Soul, which featured the cast of main characters from each part of the series, it was announced a fifth season and adaptation of the sixth part of the manga, Stone Ocean.
With the 2014 premiere of Stardust Crusaders, American-based website Crunchyroll began streaming the anime series for viewers outside Japan an hour after it aired in Japan. Warner Bros. Home Entertainment released Parts 1 and 2 in a DVD set on September 22, 2015, with an English dub. In July 2016, Viz Media announced they acquired the Blu-ray rights to the series and released it with an English dub in July 2017. On October 15, 2016, American cable block Adult Swim began airing the anime on its Toonami block.
Reception
At the 2013 CEDEC Awards, the anime's opening sequence won in the Visual Arts division. The first DVD release of the TV anime was the fourth best-selling animation DVD in Japan for the week of January 28 to February 3, 2013, with 4,510 copies sold. Its Blu-ray version was the fourth best-selling animation Blu-ray for that same week, with 14,860 copies sold. The second volume ranked sixth in both animation DVDs and Blu-rays for the week of February 18–24, with 2,764 and 12,501 copies sold respectively. The anime's third volume was the sixth best-selling animation DVD, with 2,994 copies sold, and the second best-selling animation Blu-ray, with 13,536 copies sold, for the week of March 25–31.
See also
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure – An earlier OVA adaptation, 13 episodes released in two parts. The first 6 episodes were released during 1993–1994 and the later (but chronologically earlier) 7 episodes were released during 2000–2002 by Studio APPP. This series was adapted from Part 3: Stardust Crusaders of the original manga, also the basis for the 2nd season of the 2012 TV series.
Notes
References
External links
2012 anime television series debuts
2014 anime television series debuts
2016 anime television series debuts
2018 anime television series debuts
2021 anime ONAs
2022 anime television series debuts
Adventure anime and manga
Anime series based on manga
David Production
Fantasy anime and manga
Films with screenplays by Yasuko Kobayashi
Supernatural anime and manga
Television censorship in Japan
Television shows about psychic powers
Tokyo MX original programming
Toonami
Vampires in anime and manga
Viz Media anime
Muse Communication
The Congress of the Republic () is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Guatemala. The Guatemalan Congress is made up of 160 deputies who are elected by direct universal suffrage to serve four-year terms. The electoral system is closed party list proportional representation. 31 of the deputies are elected on a nationwide list, whilst the remaining 127 deputies are elected in 22 multi-member constituencies. Each of Guatemalas's 22 departments serves as a district, with the exception of the department of Guatemala containing the capital, which on account of its size is divided into two (distrito central and distrito Guatemala). Departments are allocated seats based on their population size and they are shown in the table below.
Deputies by Department
History
Guatemala had a bicameral legislature in the 1845 constitution. It was replaced with unicameral Chamber of Representatives (), which was reformulated as National Assembly () in 1879, which was replaced by Congress of the Republic in 1945.
Political culture
It is not uncommon for deputies to change parties during the legislature's term or to secede from a party and create a new party or congressional block.
Building
The Congress of the Republic Guatemala is located in the National Palace in Guatemala city.
During the protests against the budget for 2021 on 21 November 2020, protestors entered the building and set parts of it on fire.
Latest election
See also
Politics of Guatemala
List of legislatures by country
Notes
References
External links
Guatemala
Government of Guatemala
Guatemala
1945 establishments in Guatemala
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1970 season.
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Péter Bacsa (born 21 November 1970, in Dorog) is a Hungarian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Hungary
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Komárom-Esztergom County
William Howard Keenan III (born April 15, 1986 in New York, New York) is an American author, screenwriter, and former professional ice hockey player who last played for IF Sundsvall of HockeyAllsvenskan. As of February 2019, they have served as chief operating officer of Graydon Carter's Air Mail (magazine).
Early career
Keenan played for the New York Apple Core of the Eastern Junior Hockey League from 2003-2005. They were voted an EJHL All Star during the 2004-05 season along with their former Apple Core teammate and current NHL defenseman Matt Gilroy. Keenan was originally drafted by the Hull Olympiques of the QMJHL but opted to forego major junior hockey and pursue the NCAA route. On December 4, 2004 they committed to play their collegiate hockey at Harvard University. They were ranked #207 among North American skaters in the 2005 NHL Central Scouting Bureau rankings.
College career
Keenan made their collegiate debut on November 5, 2005 against Princeton University at Baker Rink. They scored their first collegiate goal against St. Lawrence University on November 4, 2006 against Alex Petizian at the Bright Arena. Keenan was hampered by numerous injuries in college. They were a college roommate of professional soccer player Mike Fucito.
Professional career
After a short stint playing for the Turnhout White Caps of the Belgian first division, Keenan signed with EHC Neuwied of the German Oberliga for the remainder of the 2009-10 season. They tallied 15 goals and 14 assists in 14 games played.
Keenan began the pre-season playing with Kiekko-Laser in the Finnish Mestis. On September 11, 2010, they signed a contract with Lindlövens IF of the Swedish Division 1. They went on to record 8 goals and 2 assists in 32 games.
On August 13, 2011 Keenan reportedly signed a one-year contract with Kramfors-Alliansen of Hockeyettan. It was also rumored they had agreed on a contract with HC Vita Hästen. On October 19, 2011 in a game against Östersunds IK, Keenan delivered a check to current Frölunda HC defenseman Emil Djuse. Keenan was suspended five games for an illegal check to the head. Playing alongside former HockeyAllsvenskan forward Johan Chang, Keenan produced 22 goals, 28 assists for 50 points while racking up 117 penalty minutes in 32 games while Chang piled up 28 goals and 37 assists for 65 points in 40 games. Keenan finished second among North Americans in league scoring behind Andrew Fournier. Teammate and fellow American Dean Moore finished first among defenseman in scoring. Keenan also finished second among North Americans in penalty minutes. Following the season, Kramfors-Alliansen transferred both Keenan and Moore's rights to IF Sundsvall of HockeyAllsvenskan before signing forward Mike Danton to a one-year contract.
Career statistics
Writing
Keenan's first book, Odd Man Rush: A Harvard Kid's Hockey Odyssey from Central Park to Somewhere in Sweden—with Stops along the Way, was published by Skyhorse Publishing in January 2016. Vanity Fair published an excerpt from the book in December 2015 calling it "an uproarious new memoir." The Boston Globe reviewed the book, saying "Odd Man Rush is a unique item on the bookshelf...Keenan understands the culture [of hockey] and captures it well." The Buffalo News called it "Ball Four meets hockey." The New York Post called it "a bawdy, often comical chronicle of hockey and survival in far-flung places...the international version of the movie Slap Shot." SB Nation reviewed it, stating "Make no mistake. This is a funny book, but Keenan also has a gift for writing from a place of vulnerability...That being said, you will still find yourself smirking your way through most of Keenan's story."
Academy Award-nominated producer Howard Baldwin acquired the film rights to Odd Man Rush, and the project was reported to be in production in February 2019. The Athletic reported the film was in post-production in August 2019 with Creative Artists Agency representing the movie's distribution rights.
Post Hill Press published their second book, Discussion Materials: Tales of a Rookie Wall Street Investment Banker.
Their writing has been featured in Vanity Fair, The Huffington Post, Sports Illustrated, and Yahoo! Sports.  They are also a frequent contributor to Stan Fischler's The Fischler Report.
Their resignation email from Deutsche Bank went viral and was published by Dealbreaker.
Filmography
Film
Personal
Keenan was born and raised in Manhattan's Upper East Side.  They are an alum of St. Bernard's School and Collegiate School. Keenan graduated from Harvard University in 2009 and received their MBA from Columbia Business School in 2016. Upon completion of their MBA, they took a job as an investment banker at Deutsche Bank.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20170827211307/http://dropyourgloves.com/Fights/FightCard.aspx?Player=103290
1986 births
American men's ice hockey right wingers
American male non-fiction writers
American memoirists
Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players from New York (state)
Living people
St. Bernard's School alumni
Columbia Business School alumni
The 2014–15 season is the Futbol Club Barcelona "B" 45th in existence and the club's 22nd season in Segunda División and 5th consecutive season in the second top flight of Spanish football.
Season Overview
During the summer transfer window, many players like Rodri, Dani Nieto, Javier Espinosa, Edu Bedia departed, while players such as Alen Halilović, Diawandou Diagne, Maxi Rolón and Fabrice Ondoa all joined the club. Despite finishing in third place in 2013–14, the team suffered relegation at the end of the season.
Players
Squad information
Transfers in
|}
Total expending: €2.23 million
Transfers out
Total income: €780,000
Total expenditure: €1.45 million
References
FC Barcelona Atlètic seasons
FC Barcelona B
Barcelona B
Barcelona B
Walmer railway station serves Walmer in Kent, England. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
Facilities
The station has two platforms, connected by a subway. A ticket office is open part-time.
History
The first plans for a station here were by the Kent Railway in 1836. However, Walmer was slow to grow as a resort compared to many other towns on the Kent coastline, and progress stalled. Further schemes to connect Walmer to the railway network were proposed in November 1846 and March 1854, but neither secured sufficient funding. The London, Chatham & Dover Railway (LDCR) announced plans for a line between Walmer, and Adisham in October 1872, but failed to secure the funding from Parliament.
Construction of the station was delayed owing to problems buying the relevant land, and it cost £14,000 to build. The station was opened on 15 June 1881 by the Dover and Deal Joint Railway when it opened the line from an end-on connection at to Buckley Junction near Dover. The line was the only one jointly owned by the rival South Eastern Railway and London, Chatham and Dover Railway and remained independent until the Grouping. The line has been described as one of the more spectacular in southern England. Gas lighting was installed at the station by the end of the year. A station closer to the sea was proposed in 1898, but rejected.
A Pullman camping coach was positioned here by the Southern Region from 1963 to 1967.
Goods services were withdrawn from the station in 1961.
Services
All services at Walmer are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by a number of services between Ramsgate and London Charing Cross via .
Incidents
On 6 July 1898, a set of vehicles at the station broke free and ran down the incline towards Deal, where they collided with an empty train, causing £269 of damage.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Dover District
Railway stations in Kent
Former Dover and Deal Joint Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1881
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1881 establishments in England
Carlos Varela may refer to:
Carlos Varela (singer-songwriter) (born 1963), singer-songwriter of nueva trova from Havana, Cuba
Carlos Varela (bandleader), Cuban bandleader of the 1940s-era Orquestra Havana-Madrid
Carlos Muñiz Varela (1953–1979), Cuban resident of Puerto Rico who was murdered under suspicious circumstances in 1979
Carlos Varela (Spanish footballer) (born 1977), Spanish footballer
Carlos Varela (Chilean footballer) (1918–1964)
Carlos Varela (wrestler) (born 1966), wrestler from Cuba
Carlos Mendes Varela (born 1984), Portuguese-born French rugby league player
Balthasar van den Bossche (1681–1715) was a Flemish painter who is mainly known for their wide range of genre subjects and occasional portraits.
Life
Balthasar van den Bossche was born in Antwerp where they studied under the Flemish genre painter Gerard Thomas, an artist who specialized in paintings of studio and picture gallery interiors. Van den Bossche became a master of the Antwerp Guild in 1697. They then travelled to France and maintained a studio in Paris for some time.
They had returned to Antwerp by 1700 and worked for an art dealer. At the same time they continued to paint with notable success. They had important patrons such as the Duke of Marlborough who visited Antwerp after the Battle of Ramillies in 1706. The Duke of Marlborough was so impressed by van den Bossche's works that they commissioned them to paint a portrait of the Duke including the scene of a battle. Van den Bossche painted the portrait in collaboration with Pieter van Bloemen, a well-known painter of animals, in particular horses.
In 1774 Sir Joshua Reynolds referred to van den Bossche when writing about the French painter Antoine Coypel (1661–1722): 'The modern affectation of grace in their works, as well as in those of Bosch (sic) and Watteau, may be said to be separated by a very thin partition from the more simple and pure grace of Correggio and Parmegiano'.
The artist's successful career was cut short by their death in Antwerp in 1715. The portrait and genre painter Jan Carel Vierpeyl was one of their pupils.
Work
General
While van den Bossche's works include the occasional individual and group portrait, the bulk of their output explored the various genre subjects that had been introduced in Flemish and Dutch painting in the 17th century. The preferred subjects of their genre paintings were picture galleries and artist studios, which were also the preferred themes of their master Gerard Thomas. They also painted alchemists in their laboratories, guardroom scenes, conversation pieces, merry companies and doctor visits.
Their teacher's style was evident in van den Bossche's work. They shared the same preference for depicting luxurious bourgeois rooms and conversation pieces, that showcased their patrons' social superiority. These interiors were adorned with the symbols of genteel politeness, artistic discernment, fashion and wealth to highlight that their sitters possessed material wealth as well as social graces.
Like other Flemish artists of their time, van den Bosche was mindful of the prevailing preference in the market for French and Parisian art and adapted their Flemish style to conform to Paris tastes.
As was customary in Antwerp, van den Bossche collaborated with other specialist painters. Their collaborations with Pieter van Bloemen (an animal specialist) and Jacob Balthasar Peeters (an architectural painter) are documented.
Artist studios and picture galleries
Van den Bossche gained a reputation with their representations of artist studio interiors and art collector galleries. They often painted pendant works with one of the pair of paintings representing an artist studio and the other the patron in their home with their collection.
The genre of the 'gallery paintings' is native to Antwerp where Frans Francken the Younger and Jan Brueghel the Elder were the first artists to create paintings of art and curiosity collections in the 1620s. Gallery paintings depict large rooms in which many paintings and other precious items are displayed in elegant surroundings usually with the owner present. The earliest works in this genre depicted art objects together with other items such as scientific instruments or peculiar natural specimens. The genre became immediately quite popular and was followed by other artists such as Jan Brueghel the Younger, Cornelis de Baellieur, Hans Jordaens, David Teniers the Younger, Gillis van Tilborch and Hieronymus Janssens. The art galleries depicted were either real galleries or imaginary galleries, sometimes with allegorical figures. The later development of the genre to which van den Bossche contributed depicted the figures in the gallery paintings in a manner which emphasised that they formed part of an elite with privileged knowledge of art. Their gallery paintings thus were a medium to accentuate the notion that the powers of discernment associated with connoisseurship are socially superior to or more desirable than other forms of knowledge.
The artist studio genre developed in the 15th century when artists started representing themselves in elevated historical guises, either as the Evangelist Luke painting Mary and the Infant Jesus or as famous painters from antiquity such as Apelles, painter to Alexander the Great. Seventeenth-century Dutch painters inverted the traditions of the two preceding centuries by rejecting historical guises and idealised settings and substituting more direct, true-to-life images of the painter at work. Some artists such as Adriaen van Ostade created images of very dilapidated studios, as if a painter of peasant scenes like themselves should be a peasant in real life. Others such as Gerrit Dou refined the genre by turning them into erudite allegories of the arts. However, the genre was never intended to provide a realistic representation of an artist studio, but was rather a representation and promotion of a particular view of the role or status of artists. The artist studios are usually depicted with the props used by artists in the creation of their work. Van den Bossche often reused the same props in various treatments of artist studios. For instance the heavy drape and globe in An Artist's Studio (sold at Sphinx Fine Art) reappear in the Studio of an Artist held by the Hermitage. Van den Bossche included in these works a window opening to a leafy Italianate view. As in all 17th-century artist studio portraits, the light in these studio and gallery scenes comes from the north and from side windows rather than roof panels.
Physicians and alchemists
The theme of physicians and alchemists was popular in 17th century Flemish and Dutch genre painting. David Teniers the Younger was the principal contributor to this genre and its iconography in Flanders. The view of the public towards practitioners of either craft was ambivalent and physicians and alchemists were regarded either as persons seriously committed to the pursuit of knowledge or as charlatans and quacks using deception to seek material gain. The ambivalence of this attitude was reflected in the artistic representations of physicians and alchemists.
While alchemists were mainly concerned with transmutation of base metals into more noble ones, their endeavors were wider and also involved the use of their techniques to diagnose or cure people (the so-called 'iatrochemistry', which aimed to provide chemical solutions to diseases and medical ailments). There was therefore an overlap with the role of physicians. One of the popular methods of medical diagnosis was the so-called 'uroscopy', the analysis of the urine of a patient. Whereas this was considered a valid diagnostic method in the Middle Ages its validity had come under attack by more modern-minded physicians in the 17th century. The practice of uroscopy and the questions surrounding its use by medical practitioners were the impetus for genre paintings on the theme of the 'piskijker' ('pee looker'). They typically showed the inspection by a physician or a quack of a flask of urine provided by a young woman. If the inspection revealed the image of a fetus this was proof that the woman was pregnant.
An example of van den Bossche's contribution to the genre is the composition A man examining a urine flask which shows a man examining a urine flask for the purpose of medical diagnosis.  They are surrounded by alchemical and scholarly apparatus and books. A mother, daughter and child are consulting him. A possible interpretation of the scene is that they are trying to find out whether the daughter is pregnant. Another scene with a similar subject called The iatrochemist (Chemical Heritage Foundation) shows a man (the iatrochemist) holding up for inspection a urinal that was brought to them by a servant. The iatrochemist is consulting at the same time a manual. The room contains a number of alchemist tools but is clearly not intended as a realist representation of an alchemist's or physician's work area. This is clear from the fact that many of the motifs in the scene are borrowed from Teniers or from other works of van den Bossche themselves such as the globe and the Turkish carpet which they also used in some of their art studio scenes. The depictions of van den Bossche of the theme of the uroscopy do not appear to criticise the iatrochemist but rather show them as a person to whom the patients come in the confidence that they are a man of knowledge.
Guardroom scenes
Balthasar van den Bossche also painted a number of guardroom scenes. A guardroom scene typically depicts an interior with officers and soldiers engaged in merrymaking. Guardroom scenes often included mercenaries and prostitutes dividing booty, harassing captives or indulging in other forms of reprehensible activities.
Van den Bossche's guardroom scenes did not include the rowdy scenes more common in the 17th century but depicted more intimate settings of officers with their servants. An example of a guardroom scene by van den Bossche is the Guardroom scene (Sold at Dorotheum on 14 April 2005, Vienna, lot 116), which shows an Oriental looking officer who is instructing an African servant to add a saddle to a pile of weapons, a drum, parts of armour and a war standard in the foreground of the picture. The armour depicted in the picture was already out of date at the time it was painted since metal armours, breastplates and helmets fell out of use from the 1620s. It is possible that in line with the moralizing intent of the genre, the armour is a reference to the vanitas motif of the transience of power and fame.
Notes
External links
Flemish history painters
Flemish genre painters
Flemish portrait painters
Painters from Antwerp
1681 births
1715 deaths
The Daughters of St. Crispin was an American labor union of women shoemakers, founded in Lynn, Massachusetts on July 28, 1869, and was the first national women's labor union in the United States.
The union began with a strike of over a thousand female workers in 1860 in Massachusetts. By the end of 1869, it had a total of 24 local lodges across the United States, the largest of which had over 400 members. Lodges were present in Massachusetts, California, Illinois, Maine, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. Conventions of all the lodges were held annually in Massachusetts until 1872. Carrie Wilson served as president of the union and Abbie Jacques was the secretary.
The name "Daughters of St. Crispin" was inspired by the contemporary men's union of shoemakers, the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin. Saint Crispin is the patron saint of cobblers, tanners, and leather workers.
In 1870, a convention of the Daughters of St. Crispin unanimously adopted a resolution which demanded equal pay for doing the same work as men. In 1872, 300 members of the union staged a strike in three factories in Stoneham, Massachusetts. This strike was unsuccessful but another that same year in Lynn, Massachusetts was successful, granting workers higher wages.
On one occasion, the Daughters of St. Crispin continued a strike after the male Knights of St. Crispin ended it, because they opposed a policy that would require a $5 deposit on employment, which would be forfeited if they did not stay for a full three-month testing period. The factory owners reversed the policy, but tried again a year later. The second time, the nearly 900 members struck again, and again won.
The Daughters of St. Crispin represented both resident stitchers, who lived in towns near the factories, and the 'floating' stitchers who traveled from factory to factory in response to seasonal shifts in work. Members were involved in contemporary debates about the impact of suffrage on the interests of working class women and middle class morality. Debates about suffrage were never fully resolved before the union dissolved.
Members of the union testified before Congress in 1874 in favor of labor laws that limited women and children to a 10-hour work day in manufacturing jobs.
Though the national organization began to decline as early as 1873 as a result of the Long Depression, local chapters in Massachusetts remained active, and many individual members eventually joined the Knights of Labor which formed in 1869.
References
Defunct trade unions in the United States
Footwear industry trade unions
Feminism and society
History of women in Massachusetts
Trade unions established in 1860
Shoemakers
Trade unions disestablished in the 1870s
Iji is a freeware 2008 video game featuring platform and shooting elements, developed by Daniel Remar using Game Maker over a period of four years. In the game, the player controls Iji Kataiser, a young woman enhanced with nanotechnology, as they navigate a research facility on modern day Earth in the wake of an invasion by the Tasen, an alien species. Awakening after an aerial bombardment, Iji finds themselves enhanced with nanotechnology and, learning of the Tasen and their invasion, resolves to convince the aliens' leader to retreat from the planet, guided by their brother Dan via the complex's loudspeaker system. Iji was generally well received. Reviews praised the replay value, the player's ability to guide Iji on different moral paths, and that it was created by a single developer.
Iji was first released on . The original version used version 5.3a of Game Maker; a major update, version 1.7, was released in 2017 that used the Game Maker 7.0 framework for better compatibility with recent OSes (e.g. Windows 10, macOS). It also added a sizable amount of new features, including new endings, more plot, a revamped upgrade interface, a new nonlethal skill tree, overhauled graphics, faster walkspeed, changes to the hacking minigame, and more interaction tracking for Iji's actions over the course of the game.
Gameplay
Iji is described by Remar as System Shock 2 in 2D. Players control the titular character, Iji, a human woman who has been enhanced with nanotechnology following the invasion of Earth by an alien species known as the Tasen. Iji must navigate a research station while being guided by their brother Dan, who communicates via the station's loudspeaker system, in order to convince the aliens' leader to retreat from the planet. Though the game's plot is linear, interactions with non-player characters (NPCs) change according to the player's actions, leading to one of multiple endings. The player's primary choice is between pursuing Iji's goal either as a pacifist, or by engaging in violence against the alien threat.
Iji's nanotech energy field functions as a shield, and players begin the game armed with a shotgun. Seven further weapons can be collected throughout the game; including a machine gun, rocket launcher and alien technology like the Shocksplinter weapon. Eight additional weapons can be unlocked by combining the standard firearms using a combining station, depending on their Crack ability. Blue nanofields that function as experience can be collected during play, when enough are collected Iji gains a level. Each level they gain allows the player to use an upgrade station to increase one of Iji's seven skills by one level. These skills include physical traits such as strength and health, as well as abilities such as close-quarters combat and computer cracking. Iji's jumping ability and armor can both be improved twice each during play if players can find their power-ups.
Plot
The player controls Iji, who in opening cutscenes accompanies their little sister Mia as they are shown around a science facility by their father. They notice activity in the clouds, and suddenly the sky is lit by beams of light. When the game resumes, months later, Iji awakens to find that they have been modified by a team of researchers using alien nanotechnology, making them a cyborg soldier. Via a loudspeaker, their brother Dan explains that the area was struck by a space-to-ground weapon called an "Alpha Strike" wielded by aliens called "Tasen". This, and an ensuing ground invasion, killed nearly every human in the facility, including their father and sister. Dan advises Iji to try to convince the Tasen "Elite" leader, known as Krotera, to leave.
On their way to Krotera, Iji discovers the invasion is worldwide. Further on, they discover a scout team of a different alien species, the "Komato", who Dan explains is an "interplanetary peacekeeping force". Iji encounters Krotera, who tells them that this was the last Tasen colony, and that they had come to Earth to escape the Komato.  They are then killed either in direct combat with Iji or by an underling sympathetic to humanity's plight. Dan advises Iji to continue on to a Tasen communication area nearby, in order to send a distress call to the Komato.
The Komato Imperial Army, led by General Tor and Iosa "The Invincible", arrives and engages both the Tasen and Iji with genocidal intent, inflicting heavy losses. Iji navigates through the chaos to the roof of the complex and is confronted by the Komato Assassin Asha; after they defeat him, they teleport away. Iji meets with Dan, who reveals that the Komato are planning to destroy the planet's surface in an attempt to annihilate the remaining Tasen. Dan urges Iji to destroy the Phantom Hammer—a device that will destroy the shields currently protecting Earth—in order to secure time before the Alpha Strike. Iji boards a Komato ship, destroying the Phantom Hammer and a Komato sentry sent to stop them However, another ship deploys its own Phantom Hammer, destroying the shields. Asha kidnaps Dan and again confronts Iji, potentially resulting in Dan's death and Iji suffering a psychotic breakdown. Iji encounters the remaining Tasen forces hiding in a fortified base. Here, depending on how the player has played Iji, one of three options can occur: (1) Iosa breaks in and annihilates all the Tasen, (2) some Tasen manage to escape before the break-in, or (3) the shelter opens and allows for Iji to pass through (and therefore intercept Iosa before they can kill the Tasen). Outside the base, Iji confronts and defeats Iosa; they are then offered the chance to either finish Iosa off or to spare them If Iji has previously met with the rogue assassin named Ansaksie, they will receive their assistance against Iosa, culminating in Ansaksie finishing Iosa off herself.
In the last sector, Asha is either slain in a final battle with Iji or commits suicide if they find a way to circumvent him. On the roof, Iji finds General Tor, and argues to spare the Earth from the Alpha Strike because Iosa has already killed the last of the Tasen (or claims so if the Tasen have survived). Tor claims they have no real power, but must appease the people, even though they themselves is weary of the war. Resolved to stop one another, they fight, and Iji beats Tor, gravely injuring him.
In the default ending, Iji spares Tor. Recognizing their will to survive, Tor orders the Komato fleet to cancel the Alpha Strike and evacuate Earth, telling Iji that they are giving their planet a chance to survive; afterwards they commit suicide. Iji walks outside to the side of a cliff, either by themselves or alongside Dan, and sees the Komato ships depart. The credit sequence shows life on Earth slowly returning, in spite of the devastation. If Iji previously spared Iosa, then the latter returns to save Tor; they chastise Iji for sparing their life and kills them before they can react. In turn, both Tor and their second-in-command Kiron berate them for their reckless behaviour and the Alpha Strike is called off; Tor then lets themselves be killed by a demoted and humiliated Iosa, who then leaves with the fleet. If Iji has acted without mercy throughout the game, they may execute Tor. Kiron berates them for killing the only man willing to negotiate with humanity before executing the Alpha Strike and annihilating humanity. The credit sequence shows Earth devastated and the Komato forces returning in triumph.
Development
Development of Iji began in 2004, after Remar learned about and began to use Game Maker. Inspired by the animations of Alien 3 and Another World, they created a 3D model of the character Iji and started to build a basic platform game around it. Remar has stated that the name "Iji" has no special meaning, but that the character and name is a combination of their previous characters, and that they wanted the main characters' names to be "short and easily recognizable".
The soundtrack for Iji is credited in the game manual to Chris Geehan and Dan Byrne McCullough, with additional music from Tom Mauritzon, Captain Goodnight and LifeForce.
The credits song, "Further", is a song from the VNV Nation album Burning Empires, covered by the band LifeForce, which consisted of
Mithra Sadeghati and Kahl Hellmer. Not much is known about the band, except that Kahl Hellmer later co-founded the band Machinae Supremacy.
Around 2013 the source code for the game was made available by Daniel Remar. Asha later appeared as a playable character in the fighting game Slap City, with Ansaksie as an alternate skin for the character.
Reception
Iji has received a mostly positive response from commentators, particularly for its replay value. PopMatters' L.B. Jeffries stated that the player's choice in guiding Iji to the end of the game as either a pacifist or an aggressor, along with the outcomes of those paths, sets Iji apart from other games. Greg Costikyan of website Play This Thing described it as "… a nice, nostalgia-inducing game of a type you don't often see any more …", and was impressed that the game was created by a single developer using Game Maker.
Anthony Burch of gaming website Destructoid was not as positive, highlighting the game's limitations in terms of abilities. Investing points in hand-to-hand combat, for instance, does not increase damage inflicted by a successful attack but instead dictates which enemy types can be physically attacked. They stated this system "makes leveling the player's individual stats feel less like you're actually improving your character and more like you're simply collecting keys to unlock doors."
The game was voted number one in the Free Indie of the Year 2008 contest by Bytejacker.
See also
Hero Core, another game by Daniel Remar.
References
External links
Official trailer at YouTube
2008 video games
Action-adventure games
Freeware games
Indie video games
GameMaker Studio games
MacOS games
Metroidvania games
Video games about extraterrestrial life
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games developed in Sweden
Windows games
"Ari Belema" is a song by Nigerian singer-songwriter Tonye Garrick, released off their forthcoming album. Translated to "I Love You" in English, "Ari Belema" was produced by Orbeat and released through Dahlia Entertainment on 18 February 2015.
Background
"Ari Belema" was released in celebration of Valentine's Day. The wedding-themed lyrics depicts the joy and happiness of a bride who is about to be married. The music video for the song was directed by Wale Davies and released on August 27, 2015.
Release history
Audio release history
Music video release history
Personnel
Song credits
Writing - Tonye Garrick, Ada Edolo
Production - Orbeat
Video credits
Director - Wale Davies
References
External links
Tonye Garrick songs
2015 songs
Scaevola phlebopetala, commonly known as velvet fanflower, is a herb in the family Goodeniaceae and is endemic to Western Australia.
Description
Scaevola phlebopetala is a generally prostrate herb, with stems growing to 50 cm. The stems are bristly, with hairs at 90° and sometimes rough to the touch. The leaves are stalkless and usually toothed with the leaf blade being from 1/2 to 10 cm long by 3 to 17 mm wide. The flowers occur in racemes which are up to 30 cm long. The inflorescence stalk is 2–4.5 cm long and curved. The sepals are linear, 4–14 mm long, and not joined. The corolla is from 10–27 mm long, and has both short, white hairs and long, stiff, yellow hairs on the outside, and is densely bearded on the inside. It is deep purple and yellow in the throat. The fruit is obovoid, striated, warty, hairy and 5–6 mm long. It flowers from June to October.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in southwest Western Australia growing in sandy heaths.
Taxonomy
It was first named and described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1860. The specific epithet, phlebopetala, derives from the Greek, phlebos ("vein") and the Latin, petalum ("petal") to give an adjective describing the plant as having "veined petals".
References
.
phlebopetala
Eudicots of Western Australia
Asterales of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Plants described in 1860
Jabal Kafraa (also spelled Jabal Kafr Ra' or Jabal Kifra') is a mountain near Kafraa in the Hama Governorate in Syria. It has an elevation of 625 meters (2,051 feet) and is located near Jabal Zayn al-Abidin, it ranks as the 30th highest mountain in Hama and the 540th highest in Syria.
References
Mountains of Hama Governorate
Brand protection is the process and set of actions that a right holder undertakes to prevent third parties from using its intellectual property without permission, as this may cause loss of revenue and, usually more importantly, destroys brand equity, reputation and trust. Brand protection seeks primarily to ensure that trademarks, patents, and copyrights are respected, though other intellectual property rights such as industrial design rights or trade dress can be involved. Counterfeiting is the umbrella term to designate infringements to intellectual property, with the exception of the term piracy which is sometimes (colloquially) used to refer to copyright infringement.
A more narrow definition of brand protection which focuses on trademark infringement, is sometimes used. Counterfeiting of physical goods that involves trademark infringement is indeed one of the predominant forms of intellectual property infringement. However, both copyright and patent infringement are possible without an associated trademark infringement, and both may result in loss of revenue and of brand equity. Eliminating diversion, gray market, or product theft and resale, are generally considered as well as part of a brand protection strategy, even though an intellectual property may not be necessarily infringed.
Organisational measures
Registration and management of intellectual property is considered a pre-requisite to launching a brand protection strategy. Effective brand protection measures generally involve implementing prevention processes, monitoring processes, and reaction processes. Internally, the anti-counterfeiting unit will report to top management, develop the brand protection processes, and collaborate closely with the relevant functions for each region and business unit. It will organise training and promote a culture of managing sensitive information carefully with external stakeholders. internally and externally.
For large organisations, an effective brand protection strategy requires collaboration and cooperation between departments, functions, and geographies, as well as with external stakeholders such as customs, law enforcement agencies, governments, industry partners including competitors, retailers and online marketplaces, and suppliers. It requires training of personnel and the development of a company culture of managing sensitive information carefully, both internally and externally. It can however be difficult to secure sufficient budget and resources as losses due to intellectual property infringement are difficult to quantify. Methods exist to quantify the return on investment of elements of a brand protection strategy such as the use of product authentication systems, yet organisations must first acknowledge the existence and significance of the problem.
A cross-industry benchmark was made with the person in charge of anti-counterfeiting of 45 companies with global market presence. The two organisational measures that were judged as most effective are those that help with the integrity of the supply chain, and those that contribute to securing distribution channels.
Technical measures
Counterfeit detection
According to the EUIPO, counterfeiting detection technologies may be classified into five main categories: electronic, marking, chemical and physical, mechanical and technologies for digital media.
ISO standard 12931 provides guidelines and performance criteria to help brand owners define the particular authentication elements for either the packaging or material good itself, based on a counterfeiting risk analysis. Overt security feature, such as a security hologram or optically variable ink, can be verified by an untrained user with human senses (typically by eyesight). Covert security features are verified with an off-the-shelf or purpose-built authentication tool. Both covert and overt security features may also go through the use of specialised equipment by a skilled expert. Overt security features have been criticised for their ineffectiveness, but others argue that they can be "extremely difficult to replicate".
Covert security features used to be verifiable by very few people, and consumers were unaware of their presence. However, according to the ISO standard 12931, a smartphone is technically equivalent to an off-the-shelf covert authentication tool, yet it is a mass-market device which opens authentication on a large scale. Furthermore, it can support overt security authentication by providing the instructions, after a QR code scan, to visually verify an overt authentication element.
According to the ISO standard 12931, track and trace solutions alone, e.g. a serialised 2D barcode placed on each product, is not authentication. QR Codes have indeed no protection against exact copy, unless additional techniques are used in combination. Furthermore, QR codes can be vulnerable to being spoofed, where the counterfeiter uses a new QR code to redirect the consumer to a fake authentication response page. There are ways to address this fraud, for example by encouraging users to authenticate through visiting a trusted channel such as the brand owner's website or social media account. A number of techniques exist, such as digital watermarks and secure graphics which are added into QR codes to make them robust against copy, and an app can be used to authenticate. There is also ongoing research on the authentication of blank paper and printed material by extracting the surface fingerprint through a smartphone scan.
Consumer engagement and distribution channels monitoring
Distributed channels can be monitored, and illicit activity detected, from the analysis of the data generated from the QR Code scans. Consumers can be incentivised to scan QR Codes or NFC tags on products, not necessarily for the primary purpose of verifying authenticity, but to obtain relevant information about the product or to engage in a loyalty program. The large quantity of data collected from the scans allows monitoring distribution channels without the need for hiring investigators, and on a much larger scale. Consumers may actually demand the ability to verify that the product is authentic, and this creates an opportunity to engage with the brand.
Online monitoring
With the growth of e-commerce, brand protection activities need to increasingly take place online. Online brand protection software monitor the Internet and help identify the Web sites that are likely to sell counterfeit, propose grey market goods or misuse the brand and its attributes.
Supply chain integrity
The implementation of track and trace solutions to capture events as goods move through the legitimate supply chain helps to monitor and detect illicit activities. The control of ordered quantities of products or components from third party suppliers can be made by providing them with secure serialised labels which must be affixed to each item.
References
External links
Michigan State University Center for Anti-Counterfeiting and Product Protection
list of brand protection global organizations
glossary
Brand management
Intellectual property law
Anti-counterfeiting
Security
Fraud
In probability theory, Bennett's inequality provides an upper bound on the probability that the sum of independent random variables deviates from its expected value by more than any specified amount. Bennett's inequality was proved by George Bennett of the University of New South Wales in 1962.
Statement
Let
be independent random variables with finite variance and assume (for simplicity but without loss of generality) they all have zero expected value. Further assume almost surely for all , and define and
Then for any ,
where and log denotes the natural logarithm.
Generalizations and comparisons to other bounds
For generalizations see Freedman (1975) and Fan, Grama and Liu (2012) for a martingale version of Bennett's inequality and its improvement, respectively.
Hoeffding's inequality only assumes the summands are bounded almost surely, while Bennett's inequality offers some improvement when the variances of the summands are small compared to their almost sure bounds. However Hoeffding's inequality entails sub-Gaussian tails, whereas in general Bennett's inequality has Poissonian tails.
Bennett's inequality is most similar to the Bernstein inequalities, the first of which also gives concentration in terms of the variance and almost sure bound on the individual terms. Bennett's inequality is stronger than this bound, but more complicated to compute.
In both inequalities, unlike some other inequalities or limit theorems, there is no requirement that the component variables have identical or similar distributions.
Example
Suppose that each is an independent binary random variable with probability . Then Bennett's inequality says that:
For ,
so
for .
By contrast, Hoeffding's inequality gives a bound of and the first Bernstein inequality gives a bound of . For , Hoeffding's inequality gives , Bernstein gives , and Bennett gives .
See also
Concentration inequality - a summary of tail-bounds on random variables.
References
Probabilistic inequalities
Bioneer (root: "biological pioneer") is a neologism coined by filmmaker, author and eco-activist Kenny Ausubel. According to Utne Reader, a bioneer is "a biological pioneer, an ecological inventor who's got an elegant and often simple set of solutions for environmental conundrums." As coined by Ausubel, the term describes individuals and groups working in diverse disciplines who have crafted creative solutions to various environmental and socio-cultural problems rooted in shared core values, including whole systems, (anticipatory) thinking, a view of all life as interdependent, and sustainable mutual aid.
The greatest use of the term since its coinage has been in relation to the annual Bioneers conference founded by Ausubel and their wife Nina Simons and held annually in San Rafael, California, and its participants. However, in recent years the term or derivations has seen increasing use independent of the Bioneers organization, suggesting an increasing acceptance of the term in popular usage. For example, a 2005 article on the use and manufacture of biodiesel fuels in northern California was titled "Bioneering Biodiesel." An April 2007 symposium and art exhibition at University of California, Irvine focused on food production, consumption, and distribution was called "Bioneering: Hybrid Investigations of Food."
Other usage
Bioneer and its derivations have also been used in relationship to biotechnology. This usage of the term appears to come from independent coinages based on a portmanteau of "biotechnology" and "engineering" and/or "pioneering". The Cambridge, Massachusetts drug-screening company Bioneering Technologies describes itself as being focused on "the fusion between biotechnology, engineering, and pioneering services (hence, Bioneering)." Students in the Bachelor of Biotechnology Innovation program at Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia called themselves bioneers "as they regard themselves as pioneering a new era in biotechnology." The Korea-based international biotechnology firm Korea Biotech, Inc., founded in 1992, changed its name in 1996 to Bioneer Corporation.
Bioneer is also a term adopted by those who visit the Biomatrix website for self-improvement. This site and forum advocated the use of bodybuilding, training and technology to improve not only one's muscles (as would a bodybuilder) but also your other physical attributes such as speed, agility and intelligence.
The fictional biotech company Bioneer Research appears in episode 7 season 8 of Quincy M.E., "Science for Sale" (1982), where it is used to illustrate Wall Streets influence on science.
Difference between usages
While Ausubel's coinage does not specifically refer to biotechnology, the second coinage of bioneer referring to biotechnology is clearly antithetical to the term as understood by Ausubel and those influenced by them and the Bioneers organization. In the book Nature's Operating Instructions: The True Biotechnologies (coedited with J. P. Harpignies), Ausubel has made a clear distinction between corporate biotech, including genetic engineering, which they decry, and what they have termed "true biotechnologies" based on biomimicry, natural design, and the restoration of natural capital.
Notes
Environmentalism
1980s neologisms
Thomas H. Lane is an American organic chemist, and Director at Dow Corning Corporation. They served as president of the American Chemical Society in 2009.
Life
They graduated from Purdue University and from Central Michigan University. While working at Dow, they received a PhD from the Open University, of which they are a visiting professor.  They are a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
They were vice-president at Delta College.
References
Organic chemists
21st-century American chemists
Presidents of the American Chemical Society
Dow Chemical Company employees
Purdue University alumni
Central Michigan University alumni
Alumni of the Open University
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Masato (written: , , , , , , , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Masato (kickboxer) (born 1979), Japanese former welterweight kickboxer, won K-1 WORLD MAX kickboxing tournament in 2003, 2008
Masato Amada (born 1974), Japanese voice actor
, Japanese actor
Masato Hagiwara (born 1971), Japanese actor
Masato Harada (born 1949), Japanese film director and actor
Masato Hatanaka (born 1975), Japanese musician
Masato Hayakawa (born 1986), Japanese singer and musician
Masato Ichishiki (born 1971), author of the SD Gundam comics
, Japanese film director and screenwriter
, Japanese anime director and screenwriter
, Japanese game developer and scenario writer
Masato Kawabata (born 1977), professional drifting driver
Masato Kitera, Japanese diplomat
Masato Kurogi (born 1989), Japanese football player for Cerezo Osaka
, Japanese judoka
Masato Morishige (born 1987), Japanese football player for F.C. Tokyo
Masato Nakamura (born 1958), member of the band Dreams Come True
, Japanese baseball player
Masato Nagai a Japanese anime singer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
Masato Sakai (born 1973), Japanese actor
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese weightlifter
, Japanese sailor
, Japanese baseball player
Masato Yokoyama (born 1964), perpetrator of the Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway
Masato Yoshii (born 1965), Japanese professional baseball player
Fictional characters
Masato (Pokémon), known in English as Max, a character in Pokémon and Ash & Pikachu
Masato Inohara, a character in Little Busters!
Masato Jin from Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters
Masato Kusaka of Kamen Rider 555
Masato Mishima of Kamen Rider Kabuto
Masato Sanjouin from Sailor Moon
Masato Wakamatsu of Miyuki
Masato Yamanobe, a character in the manga Phoenix (Hi no Tori)
Masato Hijirikawa, a character from the Uta no Prince-sama series.
Masato Kageura, a character in the manga World Trigger.
See also
Masato, Peruvian Amazonian regional variation of the fermented beverage chicha
Japanese masculine given names
Namacurra District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique. With a population of over 240,000 in 2017, the Namacurra District has undergone moderate population growth since the late 1990s, when its population was only approximately 160,000.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
Peter Thomas Ricci (born July 10, 1987) is an American professional lacrosse player who plays for the Philadelphia Barrage of Major League Lacrosse. Ricci played four years for Loyola College in Baltimore, Maryland and graduated from Conestoga High School in Berwyn, Pennsylvania in 2005, after starring in football and lacrosse and running track. They finished their senior season at Loyola with a team leading 91 ground balls, and was the eleventh draft pick in the 2009 MLL Draft to the Chesapeake Bayhawks. After two seasons with the Bayhawks they were traded to the Boston Cannons in May 2011. They won consecutive championships in 2010 and 2011 with the Chesapeake Bayhawks and Boston Cannons respectively, attributing to the Cannons first Steinfeld Trophy in MLL history. They were also selected as an all-star in 2011 season. They were traded by the Boston Cannons to the Florida Launch in November 2013 along with Lee Coppersmith and the 12th overall draft prick in the 2014 draft for Brodie Merrill, Martin Cahill and the 37th overall draft pick in the 2014 draft. They signed a 2-year deal with the Florida Launch in January 2017. In February 2020 they were traded to the Philadelphia Barrage along with three draft picks in the 2020 MLL draft for Bryan Cole and Randy Staats.
References
1987 births
Living people
American lacrosse players
Chesapeake Bayhawks players
Loyola Greyhounds men's lacrosse players
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
Florida Launch players
Muru-Astráin is a locality and council located in the municipality of Cizur, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 75.
Geography
Muru-Astráin is located 12km southwest of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Gene Ammons and Friends at Montreux is a live album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1973 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
The AllMusic review states "This is one of the better late-period Gene Ammons records".
Track listing
"Yardbird Suite" (Charlie Parker) - 7:20
"Since I Fell for You" (Buddy Johnson) - 8:13
"New Sonny's Blues" (Sonny Stitt) - 7:23
"Sophisticated Lady" (Duke Ellington, Irving Mills, Mitchell Parish) - 5:32
"'Treux Bleu" (Gene Ammons) - 16:57
Personnel
Gene Ammons - tenor saxophone
Hampton Hawes - piano, electric piano
Bob Cranshaw - electric bass
Kenny Clarke - drums
Kenneth Nash - congas
On 'Treux Blue only add:
Cannonball Adderley - alto saxophone
Nat Adderley - cornet
Dexter Gordon - tenor saxophone
References
1973 live albums
Prestige Records live albums
Gene Ammons live albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
albums recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival
The fifth season of the Tyler Perry's House of Payne began airing on December 3, 2008, and concluded on June 3, 2009. It stars Keshia Knight Pulliam as Miranda, Cassi Davis as Ella Payne, LaVan Davis as Curtis Payne, Allen Payne as CJ Payne, Lance Gross as Calvin Payne, Demetria McKinney as Janine Payne, and Larramie "Doc" Shaw as Malik Payne. This season consists of 26 episodes. All episodes of this season of House of Payne were recorded in front of a live studio audience.
Actress China Anne McClain is not a cast member this season and Denise Burse leaves the show after the fourth episode "Casa De Payne".
Episodes
External links
Tyler Perry's House of Payne on epguides.com
Tyler Perry's House of Payne seasons
2008 American television seasons
2009 American television seasons
Termitomyces heimii is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae. It has symbiotic relationship with termites. Described as new to science in 1979, it is found in India. The specific epithet heimii honors French mycologist Roger Heim. The fruit bodies (mushrooms) produced by the fungus are edible.
Description
Macroscopic features
The cap has a diameter of 8 to 12.5 centimeters with a smooth, silky white surface. It is gray in the middle, and turns brownish over time. It is arched convex to flat arched (plano-convex) with a distinct hump. The edge is curved. The up to 8 millimeters wide lamellae are free, white, turns pink over time with a sawn edge. Lamellettes are available.
The stem is up to 19 inches long and up to 2 inches thick, white, smooth, cylindrical, not hollow with a pronounced ring . It is extended like a root (pseudorhiza).
Microscopic features
The hyphae in the pulp are interwoven, thick-walled and up to 18 micrometers wide. The top layer of the hat consists of radially arranged hyphae up to 5 micrometers thick. The basidia are club-shaped, 19.5 to 21 micrometers long and 5.5 to 7 micrometers wide and have 2 to 4 sterigms . Pleurocystidia are rare, if present they are club-shaped, 46 by 18 micrometers in size. The spores are elliptical, smooth, translucent, inamyloid, and grow to 7 to 8.4 by 4.2 to 5.6 micrometers in size. There are no buckles . The spore print is pink.
Ecology
Like other Termitomyces species, the fungus lives symbiotically in and on termite nests. It can be found on forests as well as cocoa, oil palm and rubber tree plantations, and also in gardens, orchards and pastures where termites of the genus Odontotermes occur. It grows in groups, often with more than 300 specimens, rooted in a single termite nest that can accommodate up to 40 or more mushroom chambers. The termites literally breed the mushroom, plant mushroom gardens and use it as food. The gardens are laid out in special chambers using excrement pills containing spores. The mycelium grows through the substrate (the accumulations of feces), and after a few weeks the fungus begins to form vegetative nodules that serve as food for the termites.
Distribution
Termitomyces heimii is common in South Asia.
Systematics and taxonomy
Termitomyces heimii was first described by K. Natarajan in 1979 . They found it on the Madras University campus . The specific epithet honors the French mycologist Roger Heim . The generic name refers to the close association of the fungus with termites.
Use as food
Termitomyces heimii is considered to be one of the most sought-after wild mushrooms. It is mainly collected and sold in India, China, Malaysia and Nepal.
References
External links
Edible fungi
Fungi described in 1979
Fungi of Asia
Lyophyllaceae
Qabed (, also Romanized as Qobeyd) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Love and Death of Cornet Christopher Rilke is a prose poem written by Rainer Maria Rilke in 1899, revised in 1906, and published in 1912. Rilke wrote the poem after finding a document in their uncle Jaroslav's papers concerning Christopher Rilke, a man who Rainer's family erroneously believed to be an ancestor and who "died as a cornet in the baron of Pirovano's company of the Imperial Austrian Heyster Regiment of Horse." The poem recounts the adventures of Christopher Rilke, who travels with a company of soldiers and then, after a night in a castle with a lover, fights and dies in a war in Turkey and is mourned by an old woman.
Cornet was a tremendous success for Rilke, selling 5,000 copies in three weeks and leading to another print run of 20,000. The success of Cornet surprised Rilke. They came to believe that it was an inferior work, but it stayed in publication throughout their lifetime. While Rilke and others have questioned its quality, Judith Ryan calls it a "key text for understanding Rilke's professional development.".
Adaptations
In March 1919, Kurt Weill performed a symphonic version of the poem in Berlin.
The 1955 West German film The Cornet is based on the work.
The composer Viktor Ullmann wrote a melodrama based on the work in 1942.
The work was set to music by the Swiss composer Frank Martin in 1943.
The work was set to music by the American composer Lisa Bielawa premiering March 22, 2006, in Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center in New York and recorded one year later by Innova Recordings.
References
External links
A full translation in English by Stephen Mitchell is available at the author's personal website: The Lay of the Love and Death of Christoph Cornet Rilke.
1912 poems
Poetry by Rainer Maria Rilke
Poems adapted into films
Also People () is a 1959 Soviet short film directed by Georgiy Daneliya. based on scene of War and Peace by Leo Tolstoi.
Plot
The film takes place during the war of 1812, when Napoleon's army is defeated and retreats. In the center of the plot are three Russian soldiers who are stationed in the forest.
Zaletaev brags that they "took Poleon twice prisoner". Senior soldiers laugh and go to bed. Suddenly, two cold, hungry, barefoot French soldiers come out from behind the bushes, straying from their unit. One of them falls in exhaustion. Russians carried them to the Colonel. Then they treat the second Frenchman porridge and poured them vodka. Warmed up, half-asleep Frenchman humming a song, Zaletaev echoes him. A French soldier falls asleep in their lap. "Also people!" an old soldier exclaims.
Cast
Lev Durov as Zaletayev, young soldier
Yevgeni Kudryashov as middleaged soldier
Vsevolod Sanaev as old soldier
Manos Zacharias as french officer
Vladimir Ferapontov as french officer
References
External links
1959 films
1950s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1959 drama films
Rai Saheb Koovarji Karsan Rathor (1898–1976) was a noted Kutchi railway & civil contractor, business person & philanthropist from Cuttack, India.
Life sketch
They were born to Karsan Bhima Rathor in Madhapar, who belonged to Mestri community of Kutch. Their father Karsan Bhima was a noted railway contractor, who settled in Cuttack, while doing railway contract. The Shail Sadan Palace in Bolangir belonging to royal family of Patna Raj was constructed in 1910 by Karsan Bhima Rathor, Jagmal Bhima Rathor & other contractor of Kutch like Parbat Vira of Khambhra. Further, Karsan Bhima and their elder brother Jagmal Bhima were the contractors, who were involved in building of railway lines from Kharagpur to Cuttack during the years 1892 to 1898 along with other contemporary Mistri contractors like Manji Jeram of Madhapar, Khora Ramji and others from Sinugra, Khambhra, etc. In 1897 they were involved in laying the lines and building the bridge over Dhelang River in Khurda Road to Puri section for Bengal Nagpur Railway, in 1902 works in Gondia - Jabalpur section, in 1906 works in Gondia - Nagbhid section and in 1910 the Tatanagar - Gorumahsini section with other Mistri railway contractors of Kutch. They have also done works of building palaces, courts & highway in erstwhile princely states of Mayurbhanj, Patna, Keonjhar & Sundargarh.
Koovarji Karsan did their primary education in Madhapar and later studied from various school in Mayurbhanj and Cuttack. They joined their father's business along with their brother Raghu Karsan, as railway & civil contractor. But later they diversified into other businesses and started ice factory & flour mill in Cuttack named Bhima Ice Factory in the year 1922. Further, they also started another factory by same name at Chilika in 1928. Looking into plight of poor fisher-mans, they for many years, did not take storage charges from them. The present Ice Factory Road in Cuttack is named after their ice-factory. They also started cold storage and ice factories in Kalapada, Behrampore and Babugam. Later in 1929 they were one of the founder director of Cuttack Electric Supply Co Ltd. They also started and owned a cinema hall and several hotels with their brother Raghu Karsan and was one of the big land-owners at Cuttack.
They were also noted for their philanthropy works like starting of school named Gujarati Pathshala in 1928, which was renamed Anglo-Gujarati School at Cuttack in 1941. Further, they also started a library having more than three thousand books at Cuttack in year 1931. They were given title of Rai Sahib in 1926 by British for their works in development of railways, industries and philanthropy. They also started a Dharamshala & public dispensary in Cuttack and Puri for pilgrims and also built a Shiva temple in Cuttack, in memory of their father in 1964.
In their ancestral village at Madhapar in Kutch, the huge artificial pond made by their uncle, Jagmal Bhima Rathor in 1900, is today known as Jagasagar Lake, named after its builder. Their father Karasan Bhimjee also built an artificial lake with steps near Suralbhit Temple, which today is known by name Karasan Bhimjee's pond.
References
1898 births
1976 deaths
People from Kutch district
Gujarati people
Businesspeople from Odisha
Indian people in rail transport
Founders of Indian schools and colleges
People from Cuttack
Rai Sahibs
20th-century Indian philanthropists
Mark Alexander (born 1966) is a British artist living and working in Berlin.
Biography
Born in the small market town of Horsham, West Sussex, Alexander came to painting relatively late, receiving their BFA from Oxford University as a mature student in 1996, despite their lack of formal education or training.
Alexander was an artist in residence at the Beethoven Haus in Bonn, Germany (2014–15).
Alexander has nine of their works included in the permanent collection of The Centre Pompidou Foundation, Paris.
Style and works
Alexander's style is characterised by meticulous labour-intensive brushwork. Their art often reinvents the icons of the past, recasting such well-known cultural objects as the Shield of Achilles, Van Gogh's famous portrait of the French physician Paul Gachet, and ruined statues of saints in New College, Oxford. Alexander's painstaking technique, requiring many months to complete a single work, has attracted both praise and befuddlement from critics. ‘Mark Alexander', according to the Daily Telegraph newspaper, ‘cuts an enigmatic figure in the art world, attracting the interest of some of its most influential collectors. They have produced only twenty-two paintings since their career began in 1993. This is due not to idleness but to a sort of manic fastidiousness.' ‘The works of this self-taught artist combine elements of eighteenth-century classicism, nineteenth-century photography, and modern photo-realism.'
Alexander's portraits include ones of the contemporary British poet Craig Raine (b. 1944) and the celebrated English architect Sir Thomas Graham Jackson. Their recent copies of Van Gogh's notorious Portrait of Dr Gachet, in which they have siphoned off all of the colour of the original, replacing it with heavy black pigment, caused considerable controversy when exhibited in London in 2005.
Alexander's Red Mannheim altarpieces have been included in the 2010 St Paul's cathedral art programme along with Anthony Gormley, Damien Hirst, Bill Viola, Yoko Ono and others.
Exhibitions
Selected Solo Exhibitions:
2021 Mark Alexander: Love Between the Atoms SAUVAGE, Düsseldorf, Germany
2016 Wrestling with Angels Gemäldegalerie, Berlin, Germany
2015 Credo Beethoven-Haus, Bonn, Germany
2014-2015 "Red and White Mannheim" Bode Museum, Berlin, Germany
2014 "Mannheim Paintings" Galerie Bastian, Berlin, Germany
2013 "American Bog" Broadway 1602 Gallery, New York, USA
2012 "Ground and Unground" Wilkinson Gallery, London UK
2010 "Red Mannheim" St.Paul's Cathedral, London UK
2009 The Blacker Gold Haunch of Venison Gallery, Berlin Germany
2005 The Bigger Victory: Retrospective (Haunch of Venison Gallery), London
2001 The Abhorrence of Virtue and the Love of Vice (Anthony Reynolds Gallery, London)
1999 Ozymandias (Anthony Reynolds Gallery, London)
Selected Group Exhibitions:
2020 Hotel Beethoven BOZAR Brussels, Brussels, Belgium
2019-2020 "In bester Gesellschaft:Joseph Stielers Beethoven-Portrat und seine Geschichte" Beethoven Haus, Bonn Germany
2019 "Android.Radical.Dream.Grid.Algorithm.Real.Data.God.AI...." Projektraum-Kinstquartier Bethanien, Berlin Germany
2019 "Contemplating the Spiritual in Contemporary Art" Rosenfeld Porcini, London UK
2019 "Portraits Beyond a Likeness" Agnew's Gallery, London UK
2018 "THE TIMES THEY ARE A-CHANGIN'" Galerie Bastian, Berlin Germany
2018 "Summer Exhibition" Royal Academy, London UK
2016 " LUDWIG VAN: Le Mythe Beethoven" Philharmonie de Paris, Paris France
2016 " Collection of Thea Westreich Wagner and Ethan Wagner" The Centre Pompidou, Paris France
2016 "At The Still Point" Galerie Bastian, Berlin, Germany
2016 "Herd of Sheffield" The Children's Hospital Charity, Sheffield, UK
2016 "One Egg a Day" PantaleonsMuehlengasse, Köln, Germany
2015 "Beethoven im Blick moderner und historischer Kunst" Kulturhaus Zanders Bergisch Gladbach, Germany
2015 "Das Verschwundene Museum" Bode Museum, Berlin, Germany
2013 "Green Flower Street" Tatiana Kourochkina Galleria D"Art, Istanbul, Turkey
2012 "power FLOWER:Blüten Zauber in der Zeitgenössischen Kunst", Galerie ABTART, Stuttgart, Germany
2011 "Ars Apocalipsis, Kunst und Kollaps" Kunstverein Kreis, Veerhoffhaus, Gütersloh, Germany
2011 "Play-The Frivolous and the Serious" ME Collectors Room, Berlin Germany
2010 "The Library of Babel - In and Out of Place" 176 Zabludowicz Collection, London, UK
2010 "Summer Exhibition" Royal Academy of Art, London, UK
2010 "Flowers, Death And Butterflies" Ausstellungsraum Céline und Heiner Bastian, Berlin, Germany
2010 "Poetic Justice" Moss Gallery, New York, USA
2008 "Summer Exhibition" Royal Academy of Art, London, UK
2002 The Galleries Show (The Royal Academy of Art, London)
2002 On the Move (Kunsthalle, Basel)
2001 I am a Camera (Saatchi Gallery, London)
1998 Black (withLucia Nogueira) (Anthony Reynolds Gallery, London)
References
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
Living people
1966 births
Alumni of the Ruskin School of Art
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
Yar Mohammed may refer to:
Yar Mohammed (Karzai), second cousin of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, killed in a botched night raid
Yar Mohammed (Zabul), police chief in Zabul Province, killed in an ambush in 2004 in Afghanistan
Yar Mohammad (Kabul), sat on Committee Eight of the Constitutional Loya Jirga
Yar Mohammad (Parwan), sat on Committee Eight of the Constitutional Loya Jirga
Yar Mohammad: vizier during the 1837 siege of Herat
Colin Smythe (born 1942) is a bibliographer of W.B.Yeats and other Irish authors and literary agent.  They are also a publisher, having founded their publishing house in 1966, and is based in Buckinghamshire, England.
Smythe published the first five Terry Pratchett novels and later acted as Pratchett's agent. In 1971, Smythe published Konstantin Raudive's Breakthrough, the first book in the English language on the Electronic Voice Phenomenon (EVP) and the inspiration for the film White Noise. Other authors published include George Moore, Lady Gregory and Oliver St John Gogarty.
See also
Peter Bander van Duren
References
British publishers (people)
Literary agents
Living people
1942 births
"Easy Tonight" is the debut single by American singer-songwriter Five for Fighting. It was released in September 2000 as the lead single from their second album America Town. It was re-released in March 2002 after the success of the album's second single, "Superman (It's Not Easy)".
Music video
The music video was directed by Nancy Bardawil and produced by Michael Pierce. It premiered on MTV, VH1 and MTV2 in March 2002.
Charts
References
2000 songs
2000 debut singles
2002 singles
Five for Fighting songs
Songs written by John Ondrasik
Columbia Records singles
Alexander Hamilton McGuffey, also known as Alexander H. McGuffey, (August 13, 1816 – June 3, 1896) was an editor of the fifth and sixth of the series of McGuffey Readers. Their brother William Holmes McGuffey edited the first four readers in the series. Alexander McGuffey began their career as an educator, before becoming a lawyer. They were secretary and treasurer of the Trustees of Cincinnati College, responsible for pulling the institution out of debt after poor financial practices and two significant fires.
Early life and education
Alexander Hamilton McGuffy was born in Trumbull County, Ohio on August 13, 1816. Their parents were intellectual, refined Scottish people. When they were nine or ten years old, they were placed under the care of their twenty-six year old brother William Holmes McGuffey. They lived at their brother's house in Oxford, Ohio, where they studied Hebrew. At the age of sixteen, they graduated from Miami University, attending the school from 1826 to 1831.
Career
They taught Stanley Matthews and their siblings and boarded at the Matthews home, which was near the house of Dr. Lyman Beecher. McGuffey was friends with Harriet Beecher Stowe.
They were hired by Woodward College in Cincinnati to be a professor of Belles-lettres. Within a few years they became the chair of the Ancient Languages department at Woodward. Their brother William was also a professor at Woodland College.
They chose to become a lawyer and was admitted to the Cincinnati bar when they were twenty-one years of age. Their office was near that of Salmon P. Chase. They entered into a law partnership with their son-in-law Henry Albert Morrill in 1869. Morrill married Anna McGuffey in 1867.
Winthrop B. Smith planned to publish a series of elementary English text books, known as the McGuffey Readers. They were written by the McGuffey brothers, William and Alexander. William wrote the first four readers, and was believed to have had assistance from Alexander McGuffey, who wrote the Fifth and Sixth Reader. They entered into a contract with W. B. Smith on September 30, 1841 to create a rhetorical reading book. The McGuffey's Rhetorical Guide or Fifth Reader of the Eclectic Series was published in 1844.
In 1845, McGuffey became secretary and treasurer of the Trustees of Cincinnati College when the institution was in debt and had suffered fires that gutted the school building. After several years, they had eliminated the school's debt. They were then the President of the Board of Trustees of the Miami Medical College and Director of McMicken University.
Personal life
They were married to Elizabeth M. Drake, the daughter of Dr. Daniel Drake, with whom they had children. After Elizabeth's death, they married Caroline V. Rich of Buston, with whom they had three children. McGuffey lived in Cincinnati and was an Episcopalian until their death on June 4, 1896. When they died, they were survived by their wife and nine children.
Legacy
Notes
References
1816 births
1896 deaths
American non-fiction writers
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
Lawyers from Cincinnati
Writers from Cincinnati
Miami University alumni
The MultiRider was a pre-purchased magnetic-stripe ticketing system used on rail, bus, and ferry services operated under the Transperth brand, either by or under contract for the Public Transport Authority of Western Australia.
Technology
Equipment
The MultiRider system was based on a series of validation equipment and driver consoles supplied by the UK-based company Wayfarer Transit Systems.
Cards
The system was based on magnetic stripe cards containing simple information such as the number of trips that they can be used with, the number of transit zones that can be traversed, and the time and location of the last validation. Before boarding a service or transferring between train and bus services, passengers had to validate the card by inserting it into a MultiRider validator located on train platforms and on buses.
Fare Determination
If this was the passenger's first trip using the card, or a previous validation was over two hours ago (for 1-4 zones, 3 hours for 5-8 zones), a trip was deducted from the card, and the information about the current trip was printed onto the front of the card. If the passenger was transferring between services, and their current trip was still valid, a "T" was printed onto the card (on 10-trip MultiRiders only).
MultiRiders could be purchased for use over any distance from two sections to eight zones. MultiRiders came with 10, 20, or 40 trips encoded onto them, and were up to 25% cheaper than the equivalent cash fares at the time. The 40 trips of MultiRider tickets used to be known as MultiRider Plus.
Variants of MultiRider tickets
There were a large variety of MultiRider tickets available:
Student MultiRider
The Student MultiRider was introduced on 10 October 2005. This type of MultiRider provided a 50 cent fare on a journey, valid for three hours in all zones. The Student MultiRider also was available in two types of tickets, in 10 trips, or in 40 trips. The Student MultiRider was available for primary and secondary school students only.
Controversy
While the Student MultiRider was introduced, the Curtin Student Guild pointed out that state government did not provide the 50 cents student fare on tertiary school students (university and TAFE student), and the state government should provide the same concession price as primary and secondary school students. However, the state government replied that the tertiary school students can have the standard concession fare for their journey.
MultiRider phase out
On 8 April 2007, the MultiRider ticketing system was withdrawn and replaced by SmartRider. In the lead-up to its withdrawal, it was phased out in stages.
First Stage (from 14 February 2007)
The SmartRider ticketing system completed full rollout and SmartRider cards became available from Transperth InfoCentres and authorised SmartRider Retail Outlets across the Perth metropolitan area.
The SmartRider system operated in parallel with the existing MultiRider to allow passengers to use up any remaining value on MultiRider tickets.
Second Stage (from 5 March 2007)
MultiRiders were withdrawn from sale
Third Stage (from 8 April 2007)
The MultiRider ticketing system was withdrawn from use on the Transperth network
Passengers who had any remaining value on their MultiRiders were able to transfer the value to their SmartRider by completing a MultiRider refund form, which is available from Transperth InfoCentres, at authorised SmartRider Retail Outlets or online.
Transwa MultiRider
When MultiRiders were phased out by Transperth, Transwa introduced its own MultiRiders for use on its Australind and AvonLink services. Transwa now use SmartCommuter cards instead.
See also
Automated Fare Collection System
Transperth
SmartRider
References
Public transport in Perth, Western Australia
Public transport in Western Australia
USS Camden (AOE-2) was the second ship of the United States Navy named after the city of Camden, New Jersey that lies on the Delaware River across from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was a , combining the functions of three logistic support ships in one hull - fleet oiler (AO), ammunition ship (AE), and refrigerated stores ship (AF).
History
Camden was commissioned on 1 April 1967 as the second of four vessels in its class. It was also the 542nd and final contract in the 68-year history of New York Shipbuilding, and the last vessel completed and launched at the shipyard. It was assigned to the Pacific Fleet in September 1967 and was initially homeported in Long Beach, California. For their accomplishments during their first deployment to WestPac in 1968–1969, their crew was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation.
In August 1974, Camden moved to its new homeport of Bremerton, Washington. The ship operated extensively up and down the West Coast of the United States and deployed frequently to the Western Pacific and Indian Oceans to support units of the Seventh Fleet.
In 1980, Camden moved again to the homeport of Bremerton, Washington for an overhaul.
On 20 July 1983 The New York Times reported that Camden along with seven other vessels in the Ranger Carrier Battle Group left San Diego on Friday 15 July 1983 and were headed for the western Pacific when they were rerouted and ordered to steam for Central America to conduct training and flight operations in areas off the coasts of Nicaragua, El Salvador and Honduras as part of major military exercises planned for that summer. The battle group comprised the carrier , the cruiser , the guided missile destroyer Lynde McCormick, the destroyers and , the frigate , the oiler and the support ship Camden.
On 17 May 1987 USS Camden was redirected to assist after it was attacked by unfriendly fire. USS Camdens job was to unload all of the weapons on board Stark in case of further attack.
On 15 August 1991 four airmen from Helicopter Combat Support Squadron 11 (HC-11 "Gunbearers") were missing and presumed dead after their helicopter crashed while resupplying ships in the Pacific Ocean east Wake Island. Search efforts were abandoned about 24 hours later for the Sea Knight, which had been operating from Camden. Two ships were close by when the aircraft dropped into the water. Two helicopters were immediately launched for an air search, and the ships in the area launched whaleboats to assist in the search. Camden was deployed to resupply the aircraft carrier and support ships, which were returning to the U.S. from duty in the Persian Gulf after taking part in Operation Desert Storm. In 1992 CURV-III recovered the CH-47 Sea Knight helicopter off of Wake Island in 1992 from a depth of 17,251 feet, the world's record for deepest salvage at the time.
In March 1996, Camden was awarded its third consecutive Battle "E" for demonstrating excellence in all warfare and mission categories.
In October 2000, Camden participated in Operation Determined Response, providing rescue assistance and hospitality services in support of in the Yemeni port of Aden damaged in a terrorist attack.
In 2004, Camden won the Battle "E" again. This was the final year of Battle "E" eligibility for the Sacramento-class fast combat support ship.
In January 2005, Camden left on its final deployment, an eight-month world tour with escorting that carrier to its new homeport in Norfolk, Virginia. Camden was decommissioned 14 October 2005 at Naval Base Kitsap, Bremerton, Washington, and was disposed of by scrapping at Esco Marine, in Brownsville, Texas.
Power plant
Camdens power plant was one of two built for the Iowa-class battleship , which was cancelled in 1947 when 72.1 percent complete. The other Kentucky power plant was used to power USS Sacramento, the lead ship of their class.
References
External links
Federation of American Scientists: AOE-1 Sacramento Fast Combat Support Ship
GlobalSecurity.org: AOE 2 Camden
Sacramento-class fast combat support ships
1965 ships
Gulf War ships of the United States
Ships built by New York Shipbuilding Corporation
Ronald MacDonald (June 2, 1835 – September 16, 1912) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, educator, and Bishop of Harbour Grace, Newfoundland from 1881 to 1906. In 1906, they were appointed Titular Archbishop of Gortyna.
References
1835 births
1912 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Canada
Roman Catholic bishops of Grand Falls
Praproče () is a settlement northwest of Gradnik in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Praproče at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Abe Peck is a magazine consultant, writer, editor and professor, known for having been an editor and writer at the Chicago Seed underground newspaper from 1968-1971.
Peck was born in the Bronx, New York on Jan 18, 1945. They graduated from NYU with a degree in history and pursued graduate studies before dropping out of school and into New York's East Village. In 1967, they landed in Chicago, where, after driving a company car to the Pentagon Demonstration, they began writing for The Seed. They became editor soon afterward, and led the paper toward the Yippies (Youth International Party), a group that planning surrealistic-oriented events for the 1968 Democratic Convention. Despite a split with Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin over tactics and transparency, they and other Seed staffers appeared in Lincoln Park throughout the demonstrations. The paper was known for its colorful printing, artwork and comix. “Covers … favored bold images that told a bigger story instead of everyday photos ("Everyone knew what Vietnam and the military looked like," says Peck). The inside could be just as striking, featuring poster-size pullouts with Day-Glo ink, gradient backgrounds, a wealth of major-label music ads, and intricate drawings.” While supporting various movements, the Seed remained independent of organizational affiliation. "Although the paper was far left leaning, it was known for its independence and impartiality on left wing issues, not subscribing to a particular ideology, which was unusual for the time.”
Eventually though, the magazine grew increasingly radical and Peck left the paper in 1970.
Freelance writing led to an associate editorship at Rolling Stone magazine, where they edited, wrote features and edited the book Dancing Madness." In 1977, they returned to Chicago and worked as a feature writer, section editor and weekly columnist at The Chicago Daily News and then The Chicago Sun-Times. They have subsequently written for several publications, most recently as a Master Series Contributing Editor for Travel Weekly.  They are a principal in the firm Peck Consultants, for which they have performed more than 100 audits of magazines in various publishing platforms. They also lecture on various media topics in the United States and abroad. In 2019, Peck became executive editor of Inside Unmanned Systems and Inside GNSS, two magazines serving the unmanned vehicle and global navigation satellite systems fields.
In 1980, Peck began a career as a professor at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University. They held two named chairs and various departmental positions, as well as the founding directorship of the National Arts Journalism Program. They also earned tenure, in part for authoring the book Uncovering the Sixties: The Life and Times of the Underground Press. According to WorldCat, the book is held in 562 libraries. In 2008, Peck assumed emeritus status and moved to Santa Barbara, California, but remains the school's Director of Business to Business Communication. They co-edited Medill on Media Engagement with Edward Malthouse.
Peck has been honored with a lifetime achievement award in 2008 from ASBPE, the business-to-business editors association, and was recognized as professor of the year in 2003 by the magazine division of AEJMC, the Association for Excellence in Journalism and Mass Communication.  They are a member of the Chicago Journalism Hall of Fame.
Peck is married to Suzanne Peck, and has two sons, Rob Peck, a digital marketer and Doug Peck, a music director.
References
External links
Web page at Northwestern
1945 births
Living people
New York University alumni
Northwestern University faculty
Leo of Synada ( – after 1003) was a Byzantine cleric, diplomat and writer of the late 10th century.
Life
Origin and family
Leo was born in , likely in 937. Leo and their life are known only through their letters, written during the reign of Basil II () and addressed to the emperor and various senior church and civil officials. Most of their letters have been dated to the 990s, but some may be later still.
The letters also provide some glimpses into their family: they had an uncle who was a bishop (probably also of Synnada), and a full brother. Leo had also an unnamed adoptive father, who died . This man's son, and Leo's "spiritual" brother, was the patrikios Methodios, with whom Leo evidently had a good relationship. Leo's letters reveal a good education, but not any details on how or where they got it. Likewise, their early life, including their entry into the clergy, are left unmentioned.
Bishop and synkellos
Leo became metropolitan bishop of Synada in Phrygia some time before 996, and no earlier than 976. By 996, they also served as synkellos of the Patriarch of Constantinople. The patriarchal see had been vacant since 991, but when the synod convened to elect a new patriarch in March/April 996, Leo was not present, not making it to the capital in time. Despite their protests to Emperor, the election went ahead, and Sisinnios II was chosen.
Diplomatic mission
In 996–998, they were sent on a long diplomatic mission to the West: In August–October 997 they crossed "Frankia" (the Holy Roman Empire under Otto III) to negotiate a marriage alliance with Constantinople, before beginning the return journey to Rome in November 997. They stayed in Rome in February–May 998, where they supported the antipope John Philagathos, despite their strong personal dislike of the man. They sailed from Otranto in mid-autumn 998 and returned to Constantinople.
Last years
They wrote their testament at the age of 66, i.e., in the year 1003. Nothing further is known about them after that. According to Alexander Kazhdan, "mild humor and sarcasm fill the letters and esp. Leo's will, written at the age of 66", where they "calculates the number of their sins at 48,180".
References
Sources
940s births
10th-century Byzantine bishops
11th-century Byzantine bishops
11th-century deaths
Byzantine letter writers
Byzantine diplomats
Basil II
Bishops of Synnada
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death unknown
10th-century diplomats
This is a list of French tariffs.
1806: Continental System
1860: Cobden–Chevalier Treaty
1881: French tariff of 1881
1885: French tariff of 1885
1887: French tariff of 1887
1892: Méline tariff
1968: European Economic Community (Common External Tariff completed 1 July)
Tariffs
Foreign trade of France
Sydvesten (The Southwest) is a local Norwegian newspaper published once a week in Bergen in Hordaland county.
Sydvesten covers events in the boroughs of Laksevåg and Fyllingsdalen. When the newspaper was launched in 1994, it was originally called Lokalavisen for Fyllingsdalen og Bønes (The Local Newspaper for Fyllingsdalen and Bønes). In March 2002 its coverage expanded to include Laksevåg. From January 25, 2013, to August 2015, Laksevåg was covered by the affiliated paper Lyderhorn, which then folded. Now Sydvesten once again covers both Fyllingsdalen and Laksevåg.
Sydvesten is owned by the company Bydelsavisene Bergen AS and is published every Tuesday, except for four weeks in July.
Circulation
According to the Norwegian Audit Bureau of Circulations and National Association of Local Newspapers, Sydvesten has had the following annual circulation:
2004: 2,185
2005: 2,352
2006: 2,188
2007: 2,146
2008: 2,031
2009: 1,847
2010: 1,752
2011: 1,756
2012: 1,581
2013: 1,416
2014: 1,180
2015: 1,513
2016: 1,746
References
External links
Sydvesten homepage
Newspapers published in Norway
Norwegian-language newspapers
Bergen
Mass media in Hordaland
Publications established in 1994
1994 establishments in Norway
A scourge is a whip or flail.
Scourge may also refer to:
Scourge (Magic: The Gathering), an expansion set to Magic: The Gathering
USS Scourge (1812), an American schooner converted to a warship; sank during the War of 1812
"The Scourge" (Stargate SG-1), an episode of Stargate SG-1
Scourge (Transformers), one of four fictional characters in the Transformers series
Scourge of the Underworld a villain in Marvel Comics
Scourge, a trade name for a product that contains resmethrin
Scourge, an era in the fictional world of Earthdawn
Scourge, a cat character in the Warriors novel series
The Scourge, a fictional group introduced in "Hero", an episode of Angel
Scourge, a 2007 play by Marc Bamuthi Joseph
Scourge: Outbreak, third-person shooter video game.
The Scourge (film), a 1922 British silent film
Scourge (album)
See also
Scourge of the Underworld, an identity used by several vigilantes in the Marvel Comics universe
Cluny the Scourge, the main antagonist in Redwall by Brian Jacques
Scourge the Hedgehog in the Sonic the Hedgehog comic books
The Undead Scourge, a faction in the Warcraft series
"Scourge of the Seven Skies", Episode Seven of 2017 Nickelodeon show Mysticons
The 2019 FIBA Under-16 Americas Championship was the men's international basketball competition that was held in Belém, Brazil from 3 to 9 June 2019. The top four teams qualified for the 2020 FIBA Under-17 Basketball World Cup in Bulgaria.
Qualification
Draw
The draw was held on 30 April 2019 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Group phase
All times are local (UTC−3).
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Bracket
Quarterfinals
5–8th place semifinals
Semifinals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Final ranking
References
External links
2019 FIBA U16 Americas Championship
FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship
2018–19 in South American basketball
2018–19 in North American basketball
International basketball competitions hosted by Brazil
2018–19 in Brazilian basketball
Youth sport in Brazil
June 2019 sports events in South America
Uzair Gul Peshawari (1886 – 17 November 1989) was an Islamic scholar and an activist of the Indian freedom struggle who actively participated in the Silk Letter Movement. They were an alumnus of the Darul Uloom Deoband and served as the head-teacher of Madrasa Rahmania in Roorkee.
Biography
Gul hailed from Ziarat Kaka Sahib, a town located in Peshawar. They completed their primary studies with local teachers and moved to Darul Uloom Deoband, where they studied with Mahmud Hasan Deobandi. They graduated from Darul Uloom in 1331 A.H. During Khilafat Movement, Gul was made the president of Khilafat Committee in Deoband. They were a close companion of Mahmud Hasan Deobandi and was imprisoned along with them in Malta for their role in the Silk Letter Movement.
They served as a teacher at Darul Uloom Deoband and before World War II, they were appointed as a head-teacher in Madrasa Rahmania in Roorkee.
In 1945, Gul moved to their native place in Peshawar along-with their English wife Beatrice Cooke.
Gul died on 17 November 1989.
Family
Gul's first wife was a daughter of Mahmud Hasan Deobandi's niece. During their stay at Roorkee, they married a new Muslim English woman named Beatrice Cooke. Gul's second wife Cooke also wrote an English translation of Quran which remains unpublished.
Legacy
At University of Peshawar, Murad Ali Shah wrote a Master of Arts thesis entitled Mawlāna Uzair Gul-The Prisoner of Malta.
At University of Islamabad, Farzana Nisar wrote a Master of Philosophy thesis entitled Mawlāna Uzair Gul (Aseer-i-Malta): Their Life and Achievements.
References
Darul Uloom Deoband alumni
People from Peshawar
Deobandis
Indian independence activists
1989 deaths
1886 births
People from Nowshera District
Pakistani centenarians
Men centenarians
Students of Mahmud Hasan Deobandi
Darul Uloom Deoband faculty
Kota Kinabalu is a federal constituency in West Coast Division (Kota Kinabalu District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1971 to 1974, from 2004 to present.
The federal constituency was created in the 1966 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
It was abolished in 1974 when it was redistributed. It was re-created in 2003.
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Kota Kinabalu constituency has a total of 22 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
"Angelina Baker", sometimes sung as "Angeline the Baker" (Roud 18341) is a song written by Stephen Foster for the Christy Minstrels, and published in 1850. The original laments the loss of a woman slave, sent away by their owner. The lyrics have been subjected to the folk process, and some versions have become examples of the "Ugly Girl" or "Dinah" song.
Music historian Ken Emerson noted that controversy over free and slave states, as well as Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, were hotly debated topics at the time of the song's composition. According to Emerson, Foster's lyrics obliquely acknowledge these controversies. Uncertain of the reception their blackface songs would receive, they temporarily abandoned the genre.
Fiddle tune
An instrumental version, as collected by John A. Lomax under the title "Angelina the Baker" is a popular fiddle or banjo tune, and differs from the Stephen Foster melody. It is part of the old time fiddle canon, but is also played by bluegrass musicians. This old-time tune was also played as bluegrass by Stuart Duncan at the 2007 Delaware Valley Bluegrass Festival.
Lyrics
According to Lyle Lofgren, writing for Inside Bluegrass, publication of the Minnesota Bluegrass and Old-Time Music Association, "Foster published Angelina Baker in 1850, and it was featured on stage by the original Christy Minstrels." The melody and lyrics are as follows:
Notable performers
John Nicholas Hendershot and The Memphis Birdmen
Dry Branch Fire Squad
Crooked Still
The Norfolk Broads
References
External links
"Hot Buttered Rum String Band Live at Four Seasons Hotel on 2005-08-28: Internet Archive". Accessed 2016-1-29.
1850 songs
Songs written by Stephen Foster
Blackface minstrel songs
The John D. Hart House is a historic home in Pennington, New Jersey built ca. 1800. It is an example of a clapboard house from Mercer County. Its builder is presumed to be a relation, perhaps a nephew, of John Hart, who was a signer of the Declaration of Independence and lived in nearby Hopewell. The house is notable for its similarity to the John White House in Lawrenceville.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, New Jersey
References
National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, New Jersey
Houses in Mercer County, New Jersey
Pennington, New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1520.
Events
unknown dates
Scholars at Complutense University, Alcalá de Henares, under the direction of Diego Lopez de Zúñiga, complete the Complutensian Polyglot Bible.
Ulrich von Hutten's satirical poem Aufwecker der teutschen Nation (Awakener of the German Nation) is published – their earliest work in German.
New books
Prose
Hochstratus Ovans
Martin Luther
To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation (An den christlichen Adel deutscher Nation)
On the Babylonian Captivity of the Church (De captivitate Babylonica ecclesiae praeludium)
On the Freedom of a Christian
Niccolò Machiavelli – Discourse on Reforming the Government of Florence (Discorso sopra il riformare lo stato di Firenze)
Shin Maha Thilawuntha – Yazawin Kyaw (Burmese), supplement
Ruyijun zhuan (claimed completion date)
Drama
John Heywood – Johan Johan The Husband
Approximate year – Niccolò Machiavelli: Andria
Poetry
Robert Copland – (published in London by Wynkyn de Worde)
Terence (translated) – Terens in Englysh (published in Paris)
Approximate year
John Lydgate – Testament
Alexander the Great
The Squire of Low Degree (written c. 1500; published in London by Wynkyn de Worde)
Births
March 3 – Matthias Flacius, German Lutheran theologian (died 1575)
unknown date
François Baudouin, French humanist historian (died 1573)
Natalis Comes, Italian mythologist, poet and historian (died 1582)
Denis Lambin, French classicist (died 1572)
probable
Hernando de Acuña, Spanish poet (died 1580)
Giovanni Bona de Boliris, Italian humanist, poet and writer, writing in Latin and Italian (died 1572)
Thomas Churchyard, English author and poet (died 1604)
Pernette Du Guillet, French poet (died 1545)
Jorge de Montemor, Portuguese novelist and poet, writing in Spanish (died 1561)
Christophe Plantin, French-born Dutch humanist and printer (died 1589)
Madeleine Des Roches (Madeleine Neveu), French author, poet and salonnière (died 1587)
Alexander Scott, Scottish poet (died 1582/83)
Georg Thym, German teacher, poet and writer (died 1560)
Deaths
March 16 – Martin Waldseemüller, German humanist and cartographer (born c.1470)
May 31 – Johannes Aesticampianus, German humanist theologian (born 1457)
unknown date – William Dunbar, Scottish poet (born 1459/60)
References
1520
1520 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Edward Schwarzer (11 February 1929 – 23 October 2012) was a Polish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
References
1929 births
2012 deaths
Polish male rowers
Olympic rowers of Poland
Rowers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
People from Krotoszyn
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Orchard Grove is an unincorporated community in Cedar Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
A post office was established at Orchard Grove in 1854, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1904.
Geography
Orchard Grove is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Maurizio Losi (born 12 September 1962) is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1962 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
In enzymology, an arabinose isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-arabinose D-ribulose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-arabinose, and one product, D-ribulose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-arabinose aldose-ketose-isomerase. Other names in common use include D-arabinose(L-fucose) isomerase, D-arabinose isomerase, L-fucose isomerase, and D-arabinose ketol-isomerase.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of known structure
Narat-Yelga () is a rural locality (a selo) in Mustafinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 120 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Narat-Yelga is located 27 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ustyumovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Margaret Beaton, Lady Reres (floruit 1560–1580) was a Scottish courtier and companion of Mary of Guise and Mary, Queen of Scots. They were blamed by the enemies of Mary, Queen of Scots, for their involvement in alleged immorality at court.
Career
Margaret Beaton was a daughter of John Beaton of Creich, Keeper of Falkland Palace and Jane Hay, a daughter of the Provost of Dundee. Mary Beaton, one of Mary, Queen of Scots four companions was their niece, the daughter of their brother Robert Beaton of Creich.
They married Arthur Forbes of Reres or Rires Castle in Kilconquhar, Fife, and was then called "Lady Reres". The place-name was sometimes written "Reresse". On 22 December 1558 Mary of Guise paid them £300.
In September 1566 they were part of the household of James VI of Scotland at Stirling Castle, provided with a bed with curtains made from blue wool cloth called "ostage". Mary sent their two coffers for the prince's chamber. In December 1566 Mary bought them a gown of black velvet with black satin sleeves and skirt front, probably to wear at the baptism of Prince James.
Margaret Beaton, their sister Janet Beaton, and Jean Hepburn were said to Mary's attendants at Dunbar Castle, after Bothwell had abducted her, before the battle of Carberry Hill.
In April 1570 Forbes was involved in the murder of Mr John Wood, secretary of Mary's half-brother Regent Moray.
Lord Darnley's chamber servant Thomas Nelson said that Mary, Queen of Scots and Lady Reres used to play and sing in the garden at Kirk o'Field at night time.
They featured in stories about Mary, Queen of Scots written as propaganda by the queen's enemies, which overshadow the few facts known about their role at court. In 1583 enemies of James Stewart, Earl of Arran, influenced by these stories, compared their wife Elizabeth Stewart, to them as an unsuitable companion for the Scottish royals.
George Buchanan wrote that they were old and fat in the 1560s, "a woman very heavy both by unweildy age and massy substance", and had been a mistress of James Hepburn, 4th Earl of Bothwell. They tell a story of Mary and Margaret Carwood helping Lady Reres with their girdle or belt to climb down a garden wall in Edinburgh's Cowgate in order to bring the Earl of Bothwell to a secret liaison with the queen.
This incident or story was also described with more detail at the York Conference in 1568 and recorded in a document called the "Book of Articles";
"In September 1566 they (Mary) being in Mr John Balfour's house in the Canongate and the Exchequer House, Bothwell resorted to their night and day. Them behaviour in the said Exchequer House shows how at that time they abused their body with him, they're resorting through Mr David Chalmer's lodging where they lay, conveyed to them by the Lady Rires means, which they themselves confessed to diverse people. And especially Bothwell breaking the appointed tryst at one time, and they impatient of their tarry and delay, sent Lady Rires to their chamber for him, which lady passing over the dyke at the nearest, took them out of their bed from their wife and brought them to the queen."
A summary of arguments against Mary produced in 1568 by William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley, called the "Contra Reginam Scotorum" asserted that Bothwell obtained their divorce from Jean Gordon because of their "frequent advouterie" – adulteries, especially with Lady Reres. They were also the "principal instrument" between the queen and Bothwell.
One of the Casket Letters mentions a conversation at Callendar House with Lord Livingston, and that Lord Darnley mentioned them Darnley's comment, that "she should serve them well", was mentioned in Thomas Crawford's declaration.
Richard Bannatyne, the secretary of John Knox, wrote that Mary had an easier childbirth because of the sorcery of Margaret Fleming, Countess of Atholl who transferred the queen's pains to Lady Reres, who was also in childbirth in Edinburgh Castle at the same time. Lady Reres on this occasion was in more pain than during their other pregnancies. Bannatyne says that John Knox heard this story from one Andrew Lundie, who may have been a relation of Forbes of Reres.
In 1573, during the "lang siege" of Edinburgh Castle in the Marian Civil War, Lady Rires, their niece Lady Jean Stewart, and Mary Fleming, William Maitland's wife, stayed in the castle.
Family
The children of Margaret Beaton and Arthur Forbes included:
John Forbes, their daughters included Christian, Dorothy, and Janet Forbes.
Archibald or Arthur Forbes
References
16th-century Scottish women
Court of Mary, Queen of Scots
Witchcraft in Scotland
William Henry Evans (November 3, 1842 – January 5, 1923) was an American lawyer and farmer from Yankeetown, Wisconsin who spent a single one-year term as a Liberal Reform Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Crawford County.
Although a native of Virginia, they fought as a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War.
Background
Evans was born in Petersburg, Virginia on November 3, 1842, son of Joseph and Mary (Hall) Evans. Their father was a mechanic, and moved the family to several cities in the south and west in search of work. William received a common school education. They had lived at one time or another in Philadelphis, New Orleans, Natchez, Mississippi, and Cincinnati, before coming to Wisconsin in 1860 and settling in Yankeetown.
Civil War and after
Evans enlisted as a private in Company 'D' of the 31st Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment August 15 of 1862. They suffered a gunshot wound on the skirmish line outside Atlanta on July 30, 1864, and was sent to a hospital in Nashville. Evans was assigned as a mounted courier for the provost marshal's office in December, and remained in that post until May, 1865, when they were relieved and sent home to be discharged (Company 'D' was mustered out on June 20, 1865). Back home in Wisconsin, they farmed while reading the law, got married, and was admitted to the bar in the Wisconsin Circuit Court at Prairie du Chien in May 1873.
Legislative service
In 1873, Evans was elected to the Assembly's Crawford County seat as the candidate of the Reform or Liberal Reform Party, a short-lived coalition of Democrats, reform and Liberal Republicans, and Grangers formed in 1873, which secured the election of a Governor of Wisconsin and a number of state legislators. (Incumbent Peter Doyle, who had served as a Democrat, was the [successful] Reform nominee for Secretary of State of Wisconsin). Evans won with 1,059 votes, to 720 for Republican J. D. Jones. They were assigned to the standing committee on enrolled bills.
They were not a candidate for re-election in 1874, and was succeeded by Republican Zenas Beach.
Later career and personal life
Evans practiced law in the Town of Clayton, Wisconsin until they were elected Crawford County's district attorney in 1876. In January 1877 they moved to Prairie du Chien, the better to discharge the duties of their office. Evans was re-elected to the same office repeatedly.
In Rising Sun, Wisconsin, in May 1867, Evans married Mary J. Flannagan, a native of Ireland who had come to the United States with their family while a child. As of 1884 the couple had seven living children, five sons and two daughters.
In 1912, they are described as being in Prairie du Chien "from Chicago on their annual visit to relatives and old time neighbors and friends," accompanied by their son Frank and wife.
 They are reported on ancestry.com to have died January 5, 1923 in Ryan, Iowa. The entry for them asserts that they and Mary had a total of ten children.
References
External links
1842 births
Farmers from Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
People from Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin
Politicians from Petersburg, Virginia
People of Wisconsin in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
Wisconsin lawyers
Wisconsin Reformers (19th century)
19th-century American politicians
1923 deaths
American lawyers admitted to the practice of law by reading law
People from Crawford County, Wisconsin
19th-century American lawyers
George Julius Perles (July 16, 1934 – January 7, 2020) was an American football player and coach. They were a defensive line coach, defensive coordinator, and assistant head coach for the National Football League's Pittsburgh Steelers from 1972 to 1982 and the head football coach at Michigan State University from 1983 to 1994. Perles was elected to the MSU Board of Trustees in 2006. They retired from their position on the Board November 29, 2018, citing health reasons and wanting to spend time with family. On January 7, 2020, Perles died from Parkinson's disease. They were 85 years old.
Early years
Perles was born on July 16, 1934 in Detroit, Michigan, the only child of Julius George and Nellie (Romain) Perles. They were of Lithuanian descent. Perles grew up in Detroit and attended Western High School. Upon graduating, Perles and 17 of their high school friends jointly enlisted in the U.S. Army.
Michigan State
After returning from active duty, Perles returned to Michigan where they enrolled at Michigan State University and played football under legendary coach Duffy Daugherty. Perles played the 1958 season before their playing career was cut short by a knee injury. Perles then started their football coaching career as a graduate assistant at Michigan State before moving on to the high school ranks in Chicago and Detroit, where their St. Ambrose High School team won their first Detroit City League Championship in 1961. Perles returned to Michigan State as defensive line coach under their mentor, Daugherty.
Pittsburgh Steelers
In 1972, Chuck Noll, head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers, reviewed dozens of resumes and interviewed numerous candidates before deciding to offer Perles the position of defensive line coach. In Perles' first season, the Steelers made the NFL playoffs for the second time in franchise history, the first since 1947, losing to the Miami Dolphins in the AFC Championship Game.
In 1974, the Steelers won the first of six consecutive AFC Central division championships and also their first Super Bowl. Perles became the defensive coordinator for the Steelers in 1978 and then assistant head coach under Noll in 1979. During Perles' ten years with Pittsburgh (1972–1982), the Steelers won a then-record four Super Bowls and became known as the team of the decade for the 1970s, largely on the back of their "Stunt 4-3" defense designed by Perles. This defense used Joe Greene in an angled stance with Jack Lambert stacked behind him. With Greene's talent and stunts it kept Lambert free from blockers to seemingly make every tackle.
USFL
In 1982, Perles was hired as the head coach of the Philadelphia Stars of the fledgling United States Football League (USFL). Perles worked for one year with the Stars during the development and formation of the league and the team, but broke their contract with the team prior to the start of the first season when they were offered the Michigan State head football coaching position. The Stars sued MSU for interfering with Perles's contract; the case was settled out of court for $175,000.
Return to Michigan State
Perles returned to Michigan State University on December 3, 1982. In 12 years, they led the Spartans to two Big Ten Conference titles and seven bowl games. Their best team was the 1987 unit, which won its last outright Big Ten title in the pre-championship game era and defeated USC in the 1988 Rose Bowl.
Athletic director
In January, 1990, Perles became Michigan State's athletic director while remaining head football coach. Having one man as both athletic director and head football coach proved controversial, and in 1992 Perles resigned as athletic director but remained football head coach.
NCAA sanctions
During 1994–1995, an extensive external investigation conducted by the law firm of Bond, Schoeneck & King, PLLC. uncovered minor infractions by an athletic department administrator. MSU president M. Peter McPherson fired Perles before the end of the 1994 season, but allowed them to finish out the season. McPherson also ordered the Spartans to forfeit their five wins for that season. If not for the forfeits, Perles would rank third on Michigan State's all-time wins list, behind only Daugherty and Dantonio.
The NCAA subsequently cleared Perles of wrongdoing.
After coaching
Motor City Bowl
In 1995, Perles and former Michigan State University Sports Information Director, Ken Hoffman, founded and initiated the Motor City Bowl, a collegiate football bowl game in Detroit. In 2007, the Motor City Bowl enjoyed a record crowd of more than 63,000 people in its 11th game with Perles as chief executive officer and Hoffman as executive director.
MSU Board of Trustees
In November 2006, Perles was elected as a Democrat to the Board of Trustees of Michigan State University. They began serving an eight-year term on January 1, 2007.
In May 2007, the MSU Board of Trustees voted to name the plaza adjacent to the Duffy Daugherty Football Building the George J. Perles and Sally A. Perles Plaza. In November 2014, Perles was re-elected to the board of trustees of Michigan State University. Their second eight-year term began on January 1, 2015. They announced their resignation effectively immediately on November 29, 2018, citing health concerns.
Head coaching record
*Michigan State forfeited its entire schedule after an academic scandal; record was 5–6 (4–4 Big Ten).
**Record at Michigan State is 73–62–4 (58–37–2 Big Ten) without forfeited games.
References
1934 births
2020 deaths
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
Neurological disease deaths in Michigan
Michigan State Spartans athletic directors
Michigan State Spartans football coaches
Michigan State Spartans football players
National Football League defensive coordinators
Pittsburgh Steelers coaches
Coaches of American football from Michigan
Michigan Democrats
Players of American football from Detroit
Peter-Ernst Eiffe (1941 - c. December 1982), also known as "Eiffe, der Bär" (German for 'Eiffe, the bear') was probably the first Graffiti artist in Germany. During the German student movement of May 1968, they distributed their messages all over Hamburg and became also known for entering the central station of Hamburg with a Fiat 600. On this occasion they were arrested and after a depression in 1970 retained in a psychiatric institution. Trying to escape from there in December 1982, they froze to death. Their life was documented in a 1995 film with the title Eiffe for President - Alle Ampeln auf Gelb (Eiffe for president, all traffic lights to yellow), named after one of their famous graffitis.
Early life
Eiffe grew up in Hamburg Duvenstedt with adoptive parents. Their adoptive father was senator for Berlinangelegenheiten (Berlin affairs) during the Nazi period. Their grand-grand father was senator for construction with an important street in Hamburg still being named after him.
After their Abitur, Eiffe became Leutnant (reserve) of the Bundeswehr. They then started to study Business administration but broke off after a few semesters.
For a certain period they worked at the statal statistical office in Hamburg. Their superiors attested them above-average intelligence, but their career came to a halt for other motives. They decorated their work-place with a portrait of Bismarck and erotic photographs and insulted each morning the cleaning personnel in French. Eventually they were fired in April 1968. Additionally, their wife left them together with their 18-month-old daughter.
1968
In this time of personal crisis, they became famous In Hamburg for scrawling and scribbling all over the city, using mailboxes, billboards, traffic signs and subway stations and leaving whenever possible their business card: Peter-Ernst Eiffe, Wandsbeker Chaussee 305, 2000 Hamburg 22, including the phone number. When the Hamburger Hochbahn issued them a bill over 900 German marks for damages to their property, they answered by issuing them a bill of 900 marks for their artwork
Eiffe was also magically attracted by the student movement. They were seen ever more frequently at student assemblies, dressed in a suit with white shirt and tie, pushing for the microphone and explaining their theories about the subversive power of the joke. Their friend Fritz Teufel nominated them as speaker for the May Day campaign of the APO in Berlin, where they announced under the cheers of thousands their desire to become the
chancellor of students and demonstrators. The microphone, however, was turned off before they could elaborate their political platform.
On May 30, 1968, they drove their car with the slogan "Freie Eiffe-Republik" (Free Eiffe Republic) into the main hall of the central station of Hamburg and started to decorate the tiles with triangles. They were quickly arrested, ushered away in handcuffs and taken under press coverage to the psychiatric hospital Hamburg-Ochsenzoll.
Shortly afterwards, a booklet with photos of their surrealistic graffiti was published by Uwe Wandrey and Peter Schütt. 3000 copied were sold, resulting in an honorary of 500 German marks for Eiffe.
Later life and legacy
In November 1968 they were released from psychiatric care and found a job with a marketing agency in Düsseldorf. Nevertheless, in 1970 they had a case of clinical depression and was hospitalized in the psychiatric hospital Rickling in Schleswig-Holstein. On December 24, 1982, they managed to escaped from there. Eventually, their dead body was found in March 1983 in a moorland close to Rickling.
Nevertheless, the fame of Peter-Ernst Eiffe being the first German graffiti artist lived on. Christian Bau recalled their life in one-hour documentary film with the title Eiffe for president, alle Ampeln auf gelb, which was shown in 1996 in independent cinemas. The author Uwe Timm included a number of Eiffe's sayings in the text of their novel "Heißer Sommer".
See also
German student movement
Kommune 1
Ülo Kiple
References
[Peter-Ernst] Eiffe: Eiffe for President, Frühling für Europa. Surrealismen zum Mai 68. Herausgabe und Information Uwe Wandrey. Politkritische Vorbemerkungen Peter Schütt. Hamburg: Quer-Verlag 1968
Hamburger Abendblatt, 1. Februar 1995 "Faszination des Wahnsinns" von Katharina Gessler
External links
Eiffe for President - Alle Ampeln auf Gelb: Official homepage of the documentary film
Note: This article contains translated text from the article Peter-Ernst Eiffe in the German-language Wikipedia.
1941 births
1982 deaths
German graffiti artists
Artists from Hamburg
People from Wandsbek
German adoptees
People with mood disorders
TH-PVP is a substituted cathinone derivative which has been sold as a designer drug. It was first identified by a forensic laboratory in Hungary in 2015, but has subsequently been found in numerous other countries around the world including Spain, Belgium, Poland, Turkey and Brazil. Pharmacological studies in vitro showed it to inhibit reuptake and promote the release of monoamine neurotransmitters with some selectivity for serotonin, but it failed to produce stimulant effects in animals, and has a pharmacological profile more comparable to that of sedating empathogens such as MDAI and 5-Methyl-MDA.
See also
4-Et-PVP
6-APT
EDMA
Indapyrophenidone
Naphyrone
O-2390
References
Designer drugs
Serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine releasing agents
Pyrrolidinophenones
No Saints are the first full-length album by the Canadian straight edge hardcore punk band Liferuiner, released in 2007. This album was recorded in early 2006 by Antoine Lussier of Ion Dissonance.
Track listing
Personnel
Liferuiner
Jonny O'Callaghan - Vocals
Daniel Steinbok - Guitar/Bass
Jose Lopez - Session drums & additional vocals
Production
Jay Scarlino - Additional vocals
Antoine Lussier - Additional vocals
Produced & Engineered by Dan Weston @ Wild Studio in April 2006
Mixed and Mastered by Antoine Lussier (of Ion Dissonance)
Former titles
The former titles of the album tracks are as follows, as listed on Last.fm:
"You Have a Body Like an Hourglass, and a Face That Could Stop Time" - "I Didn't Take It Out for Air Baby"
"The Alphabet Never Made Sense to Me" - "Convictions vs. Addictions"
"The Jump Off" - "God is an Absentee Landlord"
"Saints and Sinners" - "Crystal Meth Was Awesome"
2007 debut albums
2008 albums
Liferuiner albums
Christina Wheeler (born 15 April 1982) is an Australian retired tennis player.
Them highest WTA singles ranking is 147, which they reached on 26 May 2003. Them career high in doubles is 91, achieved on 8 July 2002. Wheeler won three ITF singles titles and ten ITF doubles titles.
They retired from professional circuit in 2008.
WTA career finals
Doubles: 1 (runner-up)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 11 (3–8)
Doubles: 27 (10–17)
Highest ranked player victories
No. 34 - Tatiana Panova, 2001
No. 43 - Amy Frazier, 2003
No. 54 - Anna Kournikova, 2002
No. 63 - Sara Errani, 2008
No. 64 - Chan Yung-jan, 2008
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Korosten
Ukrainian emigrants to Australia
Australian female tennis players
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
People educated at Wesley College (Victoria)
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in girls' doubles
Tennis players from Melbourne
Australian Open (tennis) junior champions
, also known by their Chinese style name , was a royal of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Tomigusuku Chōshun was the seventh head of a royal family called Tomigusuku Udun (). They were the eldest son of Tomigusuku Chōkō (). Their rank was Aji at first. In 1831, they were appointed as sessei, and elevated to the rank Wōji, which was the highest rank among royals.
King Shō Iku dispatched a gratitude envoy for theirs taking power to Edo, Japan in 1832. They and Takushi Ando (, also known by Mō Ishin ) was appointed as and respectively. However, they died in Kagoshima on 23 September 1832 (by the Japanese calendar, the 29th day, 8th month, of the year Tenpō-3). Futenma Chōten (, also known by Shō Kan ) served as the political decoy of him, took their title "Prince Tomigusuku" and went to Edo. They buried in Kagoshima.
Prince Tomigusuku was father-in-law of King Shō Iku. They were also grandfather of King Shō Tai.
References
1832 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
Temple of Zeus may refer to:
Greece
Temple of Zeus, Olympia
Temple of Olympian Zeus, Athens
Italy
Temple of Olympian Zeus, Agrigento
Temple G, Selinunte
Temples of Zeus
Mauren Brodbeck (born 1974) is a Swiss contemporary artist.
Early life and education
Mauren Brodbeck was born in Geneva, Switzerland. They trained in screenwriting, production and filmmaking in Canada. They were hired as an assistant director on the production of the film Drawing Flies, whose executive producers were Scott Mosier and Kevin Smith. From 2001 to 2004, they completed a degree at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena (California), gaining a Bachelor of Fine art in Photography and Imaging. They followed postgraduate studies in new media at the (HEAD) in Geneva, a program called Immédiat.
Biography
Them work was shown in the 2005 exhibition reGeneration 1 : 50 photographes de demain at the musée de l'Élysée in Lausanne, Switzerland, then traveled to Germany, Italy, China, and the United States.
In 2006, they founded Compactlab with designer Oliver Rubli, and conducted multisensory, scripting and coloring of collective environments, with smells and sounds—an activity that they developed until 2018. From 2009 to 2012, for the Hans Wilsdorf Foundation, Brodbeck produced a photographic report of the Hans Wilsdorf Bridge construction in Geneva. At their solo exhibition Mood Motel, in 2016, at the Andata Ritorno contemporary art laboratory in Geneva, they presented a series of self-portraits taken in Hollywood motels. A conference entitled The Missing Motel was organized at the Pavillon Sicli on April 19, 2016, with art critic Reyner Banham and Jacques Ferrier. As part of the 6th edition of the Triennale 50JPG (50 jours pour la photographie à Genève), Brodbeck participated in the group exhibition Osmoscosmos at the Geneva Photography Center, from June to August 2019.
Exhibitions
reGeneration 1 : 50 photographes de demain, musée de l'Élysée, June to october 2005 and traveled to Germany, Italy, China, and the United States.
Urbanscape, Cityscape and Chocolate Gallery Heckenhauer, Berlin, April 2007
Sweet People, Lausanne, May 2010, Los Angeles, October 2010
Seven Wonders, Espace R, 50 JPG, Geneva Photography Center, Genève, July 2010
Barenaked, January 2015, Hermance (Switzerland), in Fondation Auer Ory pour la photographie Hermance de Michel Auer
Mood Motel, Andata Ritorno Laboratory for Contemporary Art, Geneva, April 2016
Erasure, Galerie J.J. Heckenhauer, Munich, June 2019
Osmoscosmos, 6th edition of the Triennale 50JPG (50 jours pour la photographie), Geneva Photography Center, August 2019
Bibliography
reGeneration: 50 Photographers of Tomorrow. Aperture, 2006. .
PHW Le Pont Hans-Wilsdorf. 2013.
Mauren Brodbeck. Drago, 2014. .
Both Sides of Sunset : Photographing Los Angeles. Metropolis, 2015. .
Livre d'A/R. 2018.
Osmoscosmos. Exhibition catalogue, CPG and Graphic Design NASK, Joerg Bader, 2019.
References
External links
Mauren Brodbeck exhibitions and biography on artnet
Living people
1974 births
Artists from Geneva
Swiss contemporary artists
Soleil Productions is a French publisher of both original and imported comic books.
History
Soleil was founded in 1989 in Toulouse.
Soleil quickly became known as a publisher of cartoons and parodies such as Rahan, Blek le Roc et Tarzan. It soon went into the heroic fantasy.
In the 1994, it picked up and published the Lanfeust comic series. Lanfeust became a rapid and huge success and propelled the Toulouse publishing house to the rank of the largest French comic book publishers.
Partnerships and collaborations
In 2004, Soleil and Delcourt created a joint venture called "'DelSol'", a partnership distribution society for France, Belgium and other Francophone countries.
In 2008, Marvel Comics collaborated with the publisher on English translations of several of their titles, including Sky Doll, Universal War One, Samurai: Legend, Scourge of the Gods and Ythaq: The Forsaken World.
In 2008, Panini and Soleil created a joint venture called "'Fusion Comics'" in order to diffuse some U.S. comics (like Dark Tower or World of Warcraft) into the French-language countries market.
List of current titles
Bandes dessinées
Original and licensed properties published under the labels Soleil, Quadrants, Soleil Levant, Soleil Celtic, Start, Métamorphose, etc.
Aberzen (4 issues)
Les Ailes du Phaéton (9 issues)
Akron (1 issue)
Aleph (3 issues)
Angeline (4 issues)
Angor (3 issues)
Les Arcanes du Midi-Minuit (8 issues)
L'Assassin Royal (5 issues)
Atalante (4 issues)
Les Aventures du Gottferdom Studio (4 issues)
Bad Legion (1 issue)
Billy Brouillard (1 issue)
Le Bleu du ciel (2 issues)
Les Blondes (14 issues)
Les Brumes d'Asceltis (3 issues)
Cañari (2 issues)
Les Carnets Secrets du Vatican (3 issues)
Cixi de Troy (3 issue)
Les Conquérants de Troy (2 issues)
CrossFire (5 issues)
Le Dernier Troyen (6 issues)
Les Échaudeurs des Ténèbres (2 issues)
Le Feul (3 issues)
Les Feux d'Askell (3 issues)
Le Fléau des Dieux (6 issues)
La Geste des Chevaliers-Dragons (12 issues)
Le Grimoire de Féerie (2 issues)
Héroïc Pizza (5 issues)
Hana Attori (3 issues)
Husk (4 issues)
les Insurgés d'Edaleth (3 issues)
Kookaburra, K, Universe (6+2+10 issues)
Lanfeust de Troy (8 issues)
Lanfeust des Etoiles (8 issues)
Lanfeust Odyssey (2 issue)
Léo Loden (20 issues)
Luuna (7 issues)
La Marche du Crabe (2 issues)
Marlysa (11 issues)
Moréa (6 issues)
Les Naufragés d'Ythaq (9 issues)
Nocturne Rouges (6 issues)
One of Us (2 issues)
Paradis Perdu (7 issues)
Rahan (22 issues)
Servitude (3 issues)
Sha (3 issues)
Sky Doll (4 issues)
Slhoka (4 issues)
Le Syndrome de Caïn (5 issues)
Trolls de Troy (12 issues)
UW1 (6 issues)
Verseau (2 issues)
Yiu (7 issues)
Zéro Absolu (3 issues)
Zorn & Dirna (3 issues)
Comics
(Licensed properties)
Published by Soleil / Fusion Comics:
Breathe (1 issue)
Buffy contre les vampires, Saison une (2 issues)
Buffy contre les vampires, Saison huit (4 issues)
Conan (8 Issues)
Danger Girl (2 Issues)
Emily the Strange (2 issues)
The Federal Vampire and Zombie Agency (1 issue)
GameKeeper (1 issue)
Gears of War (1 issue)
Jackie Foxxx (1 issue)
MetalGear Solid (2 issues)
Ramayan (2 issues)
Révélations (3 issues)
7 Brothers (2 issues)
Snake Woman (1 issue)
La Tour Sombre (5 issues)
TransFormers (2 issues)
Voodoo Child (2 issues)
Wanderers (1 issue)
Warhammer (6 issues)
WarHammer 40 000 (6 issues)
World of Warcraft (5 issues)
X-Files (1 issue)
Manga and manhwa
(Licensed & original properties)
Published by Végétal Manga / Soleil Manga
Advent (2 issues)
Akari (8 issues)
Azamaru (4 issues)
Ange, Mode d'Emploi (6 issues)
B-Boy Bomb (6 issues)
Battle Royale (15 issues)
Blitz Royale (2 issues)
Beauty Pop (8 issues)
Burning Moon (4 issues)
Bienvenue dans la N.H.K. (7 issues)
Blank (3 issues)
Blood Rain (9 issues)
Bus for Spring (3 issues)
Castlevania (2 issues)
C'était nous (12 issues)
Complex (7 issues)
Cyber idol Mink (6 issues)
Δ Saga (2 issues)
Les Dessins de la Vie (1 issue)
Diabolo (3 issues)
Doors of Chaos (2 issues)
Don Dracula (2 issues)
Dorohedoro (7 issues)
Les Enfants de Saphir (1 issue)
L'Escadrille des Nuages (4 issues)
F - the Perfect Insider (1 issue)
Full Set (3 issues)
God Save the Queen (1 issue)
Gothic Sports (3 issues)
Hakoniwa Angel (4 issues)
Hello Harajuku Story (1 issue)
Higanjima (8 issues)
High School Girls (9 issues)
High School Paradise (11 issues)
Iron Wok Jan ! R (4 issues)
Itadakimasu (4 issues)
Kamui, end of Ark
Kana & Kanji (4 issues)
Le Labyrinthe de Morphée (1 issue)
Lanfeust Quest (5 issues)
Larmes de Samouraï (2 issues)
The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons and Oracle of Ages (2 issues)
Lives (2 issues)
Living in a Happy World (2 issues)
Love instruction - How to become a seductor (3 issues)
Loveless (8 issues)
Lovey Dovey (5 issues)
Ma Petite Maitresse (4 issues)
MegaCity 909 (2 issues)
Pita-Ten (8 issues)
Princesse Saphir (3 issues)
Samurai Champloo (2 issues)
The Tarot Café (3 issues)
Triton (3 issues)
Venus Versus Virus (2 issues)
Warcraft : Le Puits Solaire (3 issues)
Periodicals
Lanfeust Mag (monthly - since 1998), (#144 in November 2008)
ArtBooks & collectibles
Les Filles de Soleil (13 issues)
See also
Franco-Belgian publishing houses
List of Franco-Belgian comic series
Notes
References
External links
Official WebSite
Periodical Website
Manga WebSite
Soleil Comics Hub on Marvel WebSite
SoleilPedia
Comic book publishing companies of France
Privately held companies of France
French companies established in 1982
Publishing companies established in 1982
Mass media in Toulon
The Loved Ones are an American punk band based out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Founded in late 2003, the band consists of Dave Hause (lead vocals, guitar), David Walsh (guitar), Chris Gonzalez (bass/guitar), Michael Cotterman (bass) and Mike Sneeringer (drums). They are presently signed to Fat Wreck Chords.
The band never officially disbanded. But in addition to members doing other projects, the band had little activity from 2010 through 2016, when they went on a ten-year anniversary tour.
History
The band was formed in late 2003 by Dave Hause, whose band The Curse had just broken up although they were still in Paint It Black. They were joined by Michael "Spider" Cotterman, formerly the bassist for Kid Dynamite (band) who Hause used to roadie for, and Michael Sneeringer, drummer from Trial by Fire. By July 2004, Hause left Paint It Black to focus on The Loved Ones. The band's first release was a self-released four-song demo in 2004. The following year, they released an EP, The Loved Ones, on Jade Tree Records.
While Hause was working as a roadie for The Bouncing Souls, the band was given the opportunity to do a tour with The Bouncing Souls, and would also tour with NOFX. Impressed by the band, NOFX frontman Fat Mike signed them to their label Fat Wreck Chords. Fat Wreck released the band's debut album Keep Your Heart in 2006. Their song "100K" was used in the 2006 game Saints Row.
In December 2006, a posting on the band's MySpace page announced that Cotterman had left the band. They were replaced by Chris Gonzalez and they also added second guitarist David Walsh. They were both formerly members of The Explosion, who had announced their split up near the time Cotterman left.
The band released their second full-length album Build & Burn on February 5, 2008. The album was produced by Pete Steinkopf and Bryan Kienlen of the Bouncing Souls.
On February 3, 2009, the band released Distractions, their third release for Fat Wreck Chords. The EP consists of three original songs, two of which ('Distracted' and 'Last Call') were brand new and the other ('Spy Diddley') was originally released as part of the Fat Wreck Chords X-Mas Bonus in 2006. The final three tracks of the EP were cover versions of Bruce Springsteen's 'Johnny 99', 'Lovers Town Revisited' by Billy Bragg and Joe Strummer's 'Coma Girl'.
In the summer of 2010, The Loved Ones embarked on their first tour of Australia. Gonzalez could not attend, so original bassist Cotterman rejoined the band for the tour.
Dave Hause released their first solo record entitled Resolutions on 24 January 2011 through Paper + Plastick, and has since released several solo albums and EPs.
Although the band has not released any new music since 2009, they still occasionally go on tour. For example, the band went on a three-date "world tour" in 2015, playing Asbury Park, NJ and Philadelphia, PA in April and Groezrock in Belgium in May. These shows featured all five members, with Cotterman on bass, and Gonzalez, Walsh, and Hause all on guitar. Then, in 2016, the band went on tour to play shows celebrating the tenth anniversary of their debut album Keep Your Heart (2006, Fat Wreck). During this tour, a giant wooden stick became part of frontman Dave Hause's ensemble.
Members
Current
Dave Hause - vocals/guitar/stick (2003–present)
Mike Sneeringer - drums (2003–present)
Michael "Spider" Cotterman - bass/vocals (2003–2006, 2010, 2015–present)
Chris Gonzalez - bass/vocals (2006–2015), guitar/vocals (2015–present)
David Walsh - guitar/vocals (2006–present)
Discography
Albums
Keep Your Heart (2006, Fat Wreck)
Build & Burn (2008, Fat Wreck)
EPs
Demo (2004, self-released)
Demo 2 (2004 or 2005, self-released)
The Loved Ones (2005, Jade Tree)
Distractions (2009, Fat Wreck)
Music Videos
100K (2005)
Jane (2006)
The Bridge (2008)
References
External links
The Loved Ones Web site
The Loved Ones on Facebook
Sept. 2009 Interview with Dave Hause
Interview with Dave & Thomas from Strike Anywhere
Interview with Spider
Fat Wreck Chords band page
Fat Wreck Chords artists
Punk rock groups from Pennsylvania
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups from Philadelphia
Jade Tree (record label) artists
Obernbreit is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Satyabhakta (Hindi: सत्यभक्त) (2 April 1897 – 3 December 1985) who used the mononym, was one of the founders of the Communist Party of India December 25-28, 1925 at Kanpur (then spelled Cawnpore).
Biography
Early life
Satyabhakta's original name
was Chakhan Lal. They were born in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan, on 2 April 1897. Their father Kundanlal was the principal of the Middle School run by the princely state.
They subscribed to 'Bharat Mitra' of Calcutta, which deeply influenced Satyabhakta. Satyabhakta came from a humble background and never accumulated wealth or property. They grew up reading revolutionary papers, and learnt about Khudiram Bose, Barindra Ghosh and Aurobindo Ghosh. They were also introduced to the weekly 'Satya Sanatan Dharma'.
They married a Dalit woman, who probably was a widow.
They came under the influence of Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi and theirs 'Pratap'. They joined the underground revolutionary movement at a young age in 1912-13, collecting explosives making bombs. They did some senseless experiments in explosives and one severed their finger. Consequently, they were under police watch for the next twenty years. They appreciated Sakharam Ganesh Deuskar's 'Desher Katha', 'Anand Math' of Bankimchandra and 'Japan ka Uday'.
Becoming a Gandhian
In 1916, they became a volunteer of Bharat Sevak Samaj in Haridwar Kumbh and got an opportunity to meet Gandhiji. At that time, Sabarmati Ashram had not yet come into being. Its nucleus was functioning from a village one mile away from Alice Bridge, Ahmedabad, from a hired house. Satyabhakta went there and started doing the menial jobs like filling water, running flour hand-mill, etc., learning Bangla and Gujarati languages also at the same time. There they translated Gandhiji's ‘Sarvodaya' and ‘Jail ke Anubhav into Hindi. They came in contact with Gandhians like Kaka Kalelkar, Vinoba Bhave, Mahadev Desai and others. Gandhiji wanted them to stay in the Ashram permanently but Satyabhakta had their own ideas and did not fully agree with the concept of Ahimsa etc. Staying there from 1918 to 1920, they attended Bombay session of the Congress. They began to write from 1916, their first article being life of Dhondo Keshav Karve, then several biographies, articles in nationalist papers such as Saraswati, Maryada, Hitkarini, Pratibha and others. They worked in Bhavishya of Pt Sundarlal, coming in contact with leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru, Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit, others.
In contact with Communism
While woking in ‘Maryada' of Krishna Kant Malaviya, Satyabhakta joined non-cooperation movement in 1921. But soon getting disillusioned with Congress politics, they joined Rajasthan Seva Sangh. Then they came in contact with communist views and began to read about and appreciate Russian revolution. Satyabhakta corresponded with Sylvia Pankhurst, editor of Workers' Dreadnought, organ of Communist Party of Great Britain. Through her, they got a lot of Marxist literature. At the beginning of 1923, they joined Radha Mohan Gokulji in their left-wing weekly called ‘Pranveer' from Nagpur.
They edited it for eight months and brought out its Independence Day Special. They also attracted attention as a correspondent on writing about S. A. Dange. Towards 1923-end, Satyabhakta returned to Kanpur and took part in workers' activities. There was a strike at the beginning of 1924 of workers of Victoria Cotton Mills, lasting for one and half months. Satyabhakta in a letter in DainikVartman of 31 April 1924, provided details of the strike. They wrote that Mazdoor Sabha had collected two thousand rupees. They further wrote: "…there may be people in the Kanpur labor movement who believe in Communist or Bolshevik theories…". British government raised bogey of Bolshevism to cover up its anti-Communist acts such as Kanpur Bolshevik Conspiracy Case, they said.
Idea of formation of CPI
They began to think in terms of forming Communist party and convening an all India conference of Communists. Of course, many others in India, including Bombay Group, were thinking along similar lines. They announced intention to set up ‘Indian Communist Party' in the Hindi daily Aj of 12 July 1924. They referred to Russia and to the Communist rule there, asserting that Communism was the only path uplifting unhappy and exploited people. They called upon all wage earners, peasants, workers, clerks, school masters, railway and postal employees, peons etc. to join the party. They signed the letter as secretary of ‘Bhartiya Samyawadi Dal'. Their announcement appeared in English daily ‘Indian World'. In September 1925, Satyabhakta published two 4-page leaflets, in Hindi and English, titled ‘Indian Communist Party', with a membership form printed at the end. The objects of Communist Party were defined as "establishment of complete swarajya and society based upon common ownership… of means and instruments of production and distribution…" They called for the abolition of zamindari system. They stated that the toiling people must organize themselves. The party will work to change the present system. Government of United Provinces banned both these pamphlets by a notification in the gazette of 11 October 1924. Satyabhakta protested against it through a letter to ‘Vartman' (Kanpur) of 20 October 1924: "It is cowardice of the government to ban the rules of the party without declaring the party itself illegal." They were a Communist, and would face all the consequences. In Aj of 5 November 1924, they reiterated, "We have the right to organize a communist party." They said that the Congress had not defined swaraj, changes in social order have not been clarified, and the National Congress was strongly under the influence of rich people. Communists wanted to eliminate the difference between the rich and the poor. They quoted Lenin on this question. British government closely watched their activities, raided their house and their Socialist Bookshop several times and confiscated publications. Their name was originally included among 13 people selected for Kanpur Conspiracy Case, but was dropped for want of evidence.
‘Pranveer' published the ‘first quarterly report' of ‘Indian Communist Party' in a brief letter signed by Satyabhakta as secretary. They mentioned that party had 78 members by that time, mostly in Kanpur, and Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. Prominent members were: Maulana Hasrat Mohani, Narayan Prasad Arora (MLC), Rama Shankar Awasthi (Editor, Vartman), Radha Mohan Gokulji, Ram Gopal Vidyalankar (Editor, Pranveer), etc. Satyabhakta was in contact with the revolutionary organization HSRA, though not agreeing with everything. In the raid on their office, police seized copies of ‘Volunteer' and ‘Revolutionary', organs of HRA in UP. In October 1924, Satyabhakta wrote a 16- page pamphlet ‘Bolshevism Kya Hai' (What is Bolshevism) in question-answer form. Mukut Bihari, editor of Swadesh, was arrested in Gorakhpur while selling this pamphlet. Satyabhakta strongly protested. Mukut Bihari was released in March 1925. A second ‘quarterly report' of Indian Communist Party was published in March 1925, which claimed a membership of 215, including 139 from UP. The same month, Saklatvala, British Communist MP, communicated with Satyabhakta. A leaflet issued by Satyabhakta (18 June 1925) titled ‘The Future Program of Indian Communist Party', mentioned for the first time that an Indian Communist conference would be held at the same time as Congress session in Kanpur at 1925-end. Police again raided their bookshop on 7 July 1925 and seized communist literature of CPGB. Hindustan Times of 16 July 1925 reported with the heading ‘Communist Party: police raid uncalled for, secretary explains'. Satyabhakta commented that India has been reduced to the level of a prison. The police and the British intelligence suspected that the Communist Party set up at Kanpur by Satyabhakta was a direct result of Hindustan Republican Association, with themselves as figurehead. In their documents, Satyabhakta tried to provide aims, objects and programs of Communist Party more clearly.
Response to Satyabhakta's call
S. V. Ghate recorded that after Kanpur Conspiracy Case, the "'Socialist' Group" of Bombay had considered formation of a party. In the meantime, they came across Satyabhakta's announcement, and decided to join the Kanpur conference. JP Bagerhatta also decided to do the same. KN Joglekar records that they and the Bombay Group learned of it through VH Joshi, who was going to meet SA Dange in Kanpur Jail. They wrote: "We, the Bombay Group, gave support to the idea and decided to participate in as large a number as possible." Joglekar said that Satyabhakta was helpful to the defence committee in Kanpur Conspiracy Case. Muzaffar Ahmed wrote that Satyabhakta contacted them through letter in Almora requesting participation in Kanpur Communist conference. Muzaffar Ahmed reached Kanpur and found Ghate, Joglekar, Nimbkar etc present. The initiative of Satyabhakta and others met with a positive response not only from Bombay and Bengal but also from Punjab and Madras.
Thus, according to Ghate, the work of bringing together the Communist groups at Kanpur was done by Satyabhakta. Satyabhakta formed a committee and got help from Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi and their paper ‘Pratap'. Vidyarthi was a leftist and helped the Communists.
As it is well-known, Kanpur foundation conference of CPI was a grand success. The ‘Indian Communist Party' of Satyabhakta was dissolved and a formal Communist Party of India was founded. Satyabhakta wrote that they did not feel any dissatisfaction about this.
Satyabhakta's differences and departure
Satyabhakta was elected to the CEC (central executive committee) formed at Kanpur conference. But they soon developed differences, particularly on the question of internationalism, and resigned from CEC. Later they went out of the party, though remained a sympathetic nationalist. Actually, there had been certain divergence of views between them and CPI at Kanpur on the nature of party, which they themselves had initiated. This led to their gradual divergence from Communist movement. In Satyabhakta's perception, it should have been an ‘Indian Communist Party' rather than Communist Party of India. It was not a question of just a name but of a whole approach. They said they were not opposed to the Communist International (Comintern) and favoured a friendly relation with it, but observed that the party should not be tied to it.
Satyabhakta published the first number of their 8-page Hindi fortnightly ‘Samyavadi' on 1 January 1926 after the conference. They wanted to publish it at the time of the conference but could not do so. It contained articles by Singaravelu, Maulana Azad Subhani and Radha Mohan Gokulji, besides articles on Russia and Lenin. Both its initial numbers were seized by the British police. Their book ‘Agle SaatSaal' (next seven years) was also banned and
seized.
They later on worked in various Hindi journals like ‘Chand', ‘Pranveer', etc but had to leave them. They gradually became a destitute. They joined a spiritual ashram in Mathura in 1941 and other places, but they continued writing. They wrote about a hundred small biographies of prominent Indian and foreign historical figures. They also wrote the history of Indian freedom movement from 1857 to 1947. They joined ‘Akhand Jyoti Ashram' but never participated in their daily prayers and ‘aarti' etc. They continued to believe in their own interpretation of communism.
Even 46 years after the events, they made it clear that they had no quarrel with the workers of the CPI.
Death
Satyabhakta died on 3 December 1985 as a destitute in the Ashram, nearing the age of 90.
Writings
साम्यवाद का संदेश (The message of Communism), 1934
References
1897 births
1985 deaths
Indian communists
Communist Party of India politicians from Rajasthan
Indian Marxist writers
The 1970 Canadian-American Challenge Cup was the fifth season of the Can-Am auto racing series. It consisted of FIA Group 7 racing cars running two-hour sprint events. It began June 14, 1970, and ended November 1, 1970, after ten rounds.
The 1970 season began only a few days after the death of defending champion Bruce McLaren. McLaren had been testing the new M8D for their Can-Am team when they were killed. Denny Hulme was joined by friend Dan Gurney in the second McLaren, but they were replaced by Peter Gethin following sponsorship conflicts. The team overcame the loss of their leader to win nine of ten races during the 1970 season.
Schedule
Season results
Drivers Championship
Points are awarded to the top ten finishers in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1. Only the best seven finishes out of ten rounds counted towards the championship. Points earned but not counting towards the championship are marked by parenthesis.
References
Can-Am seasons
Can-Am
"What'chu Like" is the lead single released from Da Brat's third album, Unrestricted. The song features R&B singer Tyrese, who provided the song's hook.
Background
Released on March 30, 2000, "What'chu Like" eventually reached No. 26 on the Billboard Hot 100 on August 12, 2000, becoming their sixth and final top 40 single. The song also reached No. 85 on the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 2000, becoming their third song to reach the Year-End charts after "Funkdafied" in 1994 and "Give It 2 You" in 1995. Like all of Da Brat's previous singles, Jermaine Dupri produced "What'chu Like", using a sample of Claudja Barry's "Love for the Sake of Love" which was also used for Montell Jordan's "Get It On Tonite" only months prior.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2000 songs
Da Brat songs
Tyrese Gibson songs
Song recordings produced by Jermaine Dupri
Songs written by Jermaine Dupri
Songs written by Da Brat
2000 singles
So So Def Recordings singles
Thomas Dutton LRCS (1854 – November 1935) was a British dietitian and physician.
Biography
Dutton obtained their MB and MD from Durham University. They were a member of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and a Licentiate of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. Dutton was a consultant at Harley Street and specialized in dietetics. They were a honorary surgeon to the Royal Defence Corps and former vice-chairperson of the Pure Food Society. They authored many medical works which were positively reviewed. In 1892, their book Indigestion: Clearly Explained, Treated, And Dieted was described by a reviewer in The British Medical Journal "as a very useful little book, full of sound good sense and wise saws". Dutton was an advocate of heliotherapy as treatment for phthisis, tuberculous and typhoid fever.
Dutton practised in Whitechapel at the time of the Whitechapel murders. They had their own theories about Jack the Ripper. In their later years Dutton lived as a recluse. The rooms in which they lived were said to be covered in cobwebs. They died age 78 of heart disease at their home in Uxbridge Road. Dutton is reported to have died in poverty.
Dieting
Dutton was a noted expert on obesity. They authored an early book on the subject, Obesity: Its Cause and Treatment, published in 1896. Dutton suggested that obesity was the result of excess consumption and could be "easily cured by scientific dietetic treatment, combined with judicious exercise, massage, and baths." Dutton recommended a diet of lean meat, white fish and vegetables to treat obesity. Forbidden foods were fat meat, white bread, processed sugar, potatoes, heavy wines, nuts and chocolate.
In the early 20th century, Dutton defended the merits of drinking alcohol to British newspapers. In opposition to teetotallers, Dutton recommended moderate consumption of alcohol. Dutton commented that "sound practical experience is entirely on the side of the beneficial effect of alcohol... Wine and beer have stood the test of ages among nearly every nation." In 1909, Dutton stated that beer, cheese and wholemeal bread were the best nutritious foods for the working man. Dutton criticized non-alcoholic drinks for their adulteration such as the addition of acetic acid or sulphuric acid.
Selected publications
Digestion and Diet Rationally Discussed (1892)
Domestic Hygiene (1894)
Sea-Sickness (1894)
Indigestion, Corpulency and Gout (1895)
Obesity: Its Cause and Treatment (1896)
Food and Drink Rationally Discussed (1898)
Indigestion: Clearly Explained, Treated, and Dieted (1899)
The Alcohol Question Further Considered (1911)
References
1854 births
1935 deaths
19th-century British medical doctors
20th-century British medical doctors
Alumni of Durham University College of Medicine
Anti-obesity activists
British health and wellness writers
British medical writers
Dietitians
Gout researchers
Light therapy advocates
Obesity researchers
Fereej Al Zaeem () is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan. The Mathaf: Arab Museum of Modern Art is situated in the district as well as sections of Education City.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of zone no. 52 which has a population of 18,433 and also includes Al Shagub, Old Al Rayyan, Lebday, and Al Luqta.
It borders Bani Hajer to the west, Gharrafat Al Rayyan to the north, Al Shagub to the east, and New Al Rayyan and Al Wajbah to the south.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Van Howard (born Clifton Howard Vandevender; March 1, 1929 - October 2, 2012) was an American country music singer, songwriter and guitarist.  They are best known as the frontman for Ray Price from 1954 through 1958 with Price's band, The Cherokee Cowboys.
Personal life
Howard was born into a musical family in Grady, New Mexico, some 35 miles north of Clovis). Howard grew up on a so-called 'dry land' farm during The Great Depression with an older brother and sister, learning responsibility at a young age. Their family life was centered around school, basketball and the country church where often they sang and played. Their mother taught them a few guitar chords when they were about 8 that opened an entirely new world for him. The family tuned into WSM Radio's Grand Ole Opry every Saturday night on a battery-powered radio, exposing Howard to the country hits while dreamed of someday performing.
When Howard was 13, an uncle sponsored a Saturday radio program heard over KICA in Clovis, featuring Howard playing guitar and singing, and filling mailed-in requests. They began singing more and more for special events, as well as school and church. A serious scholastic athlete, Howard played basketball through high school, making several all-star teams. They were recruited by Eastern New Mexico University, but during their first game tripped and broke an ankle. Sidelined from the sport, the University asked them to join a choral group which promoted the college. At the end of the year, Howard returned to Clovis and began working in a local bank, though they still regularly sang on weekends and evenings.
Early life and career
In 1951, Howard travelled to Dallas, Texas to make a demo record. A talent scout for the Louisiana Hayride broadcast was there and by happenstance heard their singing. They invited Howard to relocate to Shreveport and join The Hayride as one of its new artists. The pay was only $5 per week, so they also helped Howard find a job in a local bank. Working closely with stars like Jim Reeves, Johnnie & Jack, Slim Whitman, Faron Young, Webb Pierce, Red Sovine and Hank Williams was invaluable experience, and positioned them well when Lefty Frizzell came to the Hayride in 1954 seeking a band to back them on a six-month West Coast tour. Floyd Cramer (piano), Jimmy Day (steel), D.J. Fontana (drums), Bill Peters (fiddle), Chuck Wiginton (bass) and Howard (rhythm guitar and vocals) and Frizzell earned wide exposure, especially after performing with Tennessee Ernie Ford on their TV show in Hollywood as well as with Tex Williams and their band.
During the tour, Frizzell's manager began working with Ray Price. Near the end of their relationship with Frizzell, they contacted Howard and asked if they would join Price's nine-piece western-swing band as their frontman. Thus Howard became a Cherokee Cowboy in late 1954, opening each show and handling the vocals whenever Price was not onstage. Since Price was a member of the Grand Ole Opry, Howard in turn too, became a part of the legendary broadcast. Howard was also served as emcee of each Ray Price tour, often traveling with the artists who performed on The Opry, with sometimes upwards of a dozen stars on the roster.
One day as Price was working out a new song in the studio, Howard began to sing harmony with him. Price said, "That sounds pretty good!" and with Howard high harmony added to a walking bass line, a revolutionary new sound was born: "Crazy Arms" was an instant hit once Columbia Records released it in 1956, dominating the No. 1 country chart for over four months and making famous the "Ray Price shuffle". They recorded over a dozen more duets, many reaching the Country Top 10 over the next few years. Howard continued to tour with The Cherokee Cowboys until November 1959. Realizing that constantly being on the road would take a long-term toll on their health, Howard left the glamour of the music industry and the stage to be with their family.
Late career
Howard moved to Dallas in 1960 and re-entered the banking profession, rising over the next 31 years from cashier to vice-president. Then Howard changed careers once more in 1991, joining a software outsourcing firm. Shortly after moving to Dallas, they met their future wife Charlotte, known as "Chatsey", marrying on January 18, 1964 and eventually having two daughters and six grandchildren. Howard retired from the business world in March 2008, and died at age 83 in Dallas on October 2, 2012.
External links
See also
List of country musicians
References
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Musicians from Dallas
1929 births
2012 deaths
Singer-songwriters from Texas
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
People from Curry County, New Mexico
Country musicians from Tennessee
Country musicians from Texas
Gain-switching is a technique in optics by which a laser can be made to produce pulses of light of extremely short duration, of the order of picoseconds (10−12 s).
In a semiconductor laser, the optical pulses are generated by injecting many carriers (electrons) into the active region of the device, bringing the carrier density within that region from below to above the lasing threshold. When the carrier density exceeds that value, the ensuing stimulated emission results in the generation of many photons.
However, carriers are depleted as a result of stimulated emission faster than they are injected. So the carrier density eventually falls back to below lasing threshold which results in the termination of the optical output. If carrier injection has not ceased during this period, then the carrier density in the active region can increase once more and the process will repeat itself.
The figure on the right shows a typical pulse generated by gain-switching with a sinusoidal injection current at 250 MHz producing a pulse of approximately 50 ps. The carrier density is depleted during the pulse, and subsequently rises due to continued current injection, producing a smaller secondary pulse. If the injection current is rapidly switched off at the proper time, for example using a step recovery diode circuit, a single 50 ps light pulse can be generated.
For solid-state and dye lasers, gain switching (or synchronous pumping) usually involves the laser gain medium being pumped with another pulsed laser. Since the pump pulses are of short duration, optical gain is only present in the laser for a short time, which results in a pulsed output. Q-switching is more commonly used for producing pulsed output from these types of laser, as pulses with much higher peak power can be achieved.
The term gain-switching derives from the fact that the optical gain is negative when carrier density or pump intensity in the active region of the device is below threshold, and switches to a positive value when carrier density or the pump intensity exceeds the lasing threshold.
See also
Q-switching
Modelocking
References
Laser science
Goran Pauk (born 23 April 1962) is a Croatian politician who served as Prefect of Šibenik-Knin County from 2006 to 2021. They have been the longest-serving prefect of the county since Croatia's independence in 1991. Before entering politics, they were a professional football player.
References
1962 births
Living people
Croatian Democratic Union politicians
Croatian footballers
HNK Šibenik players
HNK Hajduk Split players
People from Šibenik
Association footballers not categorized by position
SpotX is a video advertising and monetization platform.
Billions of video ad decisions are transacted through the SpotX platform daily, with ads delivered to over 70 million US households. The company is headquartered north of Denver, Colorado with additional offices worldwide, including Belfast, London, New York, Salt Lake City, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney, and Tokyo.
History
SpotX was founded as a division of the search engine marketing technologies and services company, Booyah Networks. The company's founders are Michael Shehan (CEO) and Steve Swoboda (COO and CFO).
In March 2007, SpotX, initially SpotXchange, formed a separate company from Booyah that focused on digital video advertising technology. In 2009, SpotX launched targeting tools to help advertisers reach their audiences. In 2010, SpotX launched its real-time bidding solution, which helps companies tailor their bids on an impression-by-impression basis when bidding on in-stream and in-banner video ad inventory.
In July 2016, RTL Group announced its 65% majority stake purchase of SpotX at $144 million and completed its 100% acquisition of the company in October 2017 for $145 million in a deal that valued SpotX at $404 million.
In 2015, SpotXchange rebranded as SpotX. In 2017, SpotX relaunched its website.
In 2020, SpotX made a strategic investment in SpringServe, a supply-side ad server for CTV.
In 2021, SpotX was acquired by Magnite, Inc., the world's largest independent sell-side advertising platform, for $1.17 billion.
References
Online advertising services and affiliate networks
Thomson Summit () is a mostly snow-covered mountain rising to 1,515 m between Mount Goodman and Mount Chandler in the Behrendt Mountains, Palmer Land. These mountains were visited during the 1984–85 season by a United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) geological party led by Peter D. Rowley of the U.S. Geological Survey. On their suggestion, named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN), 1986, after Janet Wendy Thomson, British Antarctic Survey (BAS) geologist; British exchange scientist with the Rowley party who climbed to the summit of this mountain; and who was from 1992, Head of Mapping and Geographic Information Centre, BAS.
References
Mountains of Palmer Land
La Trampa is the second studio album by Mexican singer Ana Bárbara, released in 1995.
Track listing
"La Trampa"
"Olvidame Si Puedes"
"Me Asusta, Pero Me Gusta"
"Sueños de Maria"
"Amor de Luna"
"Recuerdas, Mi Amor?"
"No Se Que Voy a Hacer"
"Salte de Mi"
"Si Tu Quieres Ser Feliz aka Disco Cumbia"
"Otro Corazon"
"Sin Mentiras"
Chart performance
References
1996 albums
Ana Bárbara albums
Fonovisa Records albums
is a Japanese popular musician, singer-songwriter and actor.
Life and career
Son of mid-twentieth century film star Ken Uehara,and actor Yoko Kozakura, (ja) Kayama graduated from Keio University. Yuzo Kayama signed with Toho and made their film debut with Otoko tai Otoko directed by Senkichi Taniguchi in 1960. They were cast in the leading role in the 1960 film Dokuritsu Gurentai Nishie directed by Kihachi Okamoto. Kayama rose to stardom in the 1960s in the Wakadaishō ("Young Guy") film series.
They showed their ability for drama when Akira Kurosawa cast them for their films Sanjuro and Red Beard. In the 1970s, they starred such television dramas as Edo no Kaze and Daitsuiseki.
As a guitarist, they took inspiration from the American instrumental group The Ventures, and performed a form of psychedelic surf music in the 1960s with their Mosrite guitar. One of their best-known instrumentals is "Black Sand Beach". "Kimi to Itsumademo" ("Love Forever"), another of their compositions, sold over two million copies, and was awarded a gold disc in 1965. At that point it was the biggest selling disc in the Japanese recording industry's history.
In March 2016, Kayama made a special art piece to commemorate 2,500,000 million downloads for the mobile game Terra Battle, that is featured as the background for the game's title screen.
They announced that, by the end of 2022, they would be retiring from concert activities. One of the last activities involves the song "Sarai" (ja), which they had written together with singer-songwriter Shinji Tanimura. The song was made as theme for the NTV charity program 24-Hr TV, and Kayama announced that 2022's edition of the program would be their last live performance of the song.
Filmography
Films
Television
Family tree
Honours
Order of the Rising Sun, 4th Class, Gold Rays with Rosette (2014)
Person of Cultural Merit (2021)
References
External links
Japanese male film actors
Japanese male singers
Japanese guitarists
1937 births
Living people
Keio University alumni
Musicians from Kanagawa Prefecture
People from Chigasaki, Kanagawa
Dreamusic artists
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun, 4th class
Persons of Cultural Merit
The San Pasqual Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually during February at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. The Grade II event is open to horses, age four and up, willing to race one and one-eighth miles (9 furlongs) on dirt and currently offers a purse of $200,000. Since 2011, it is run under allowance weight conditions but was previously run as a handicap.
Inaugurated in 1935, the San Pasqual Handicap was a race limited to three-year-olds until 1939 when it was changed to its present condition. Since inception, it has been contested at various distances:
6 furlongs : 1935–1936
7 furlongs : 1938
miles (8.5 furlongs) : 1937, 1942–1954, 1956–2017
miles (9 furlongs) : 1939–1941, 2018–present
miles (10 furlongs) : 1955 (on turf)
Records
Speed record:
1:46.95 – Battle of Midway (2019) – at distance of miles
1:39.58 – Zappa (2008) – at distance of miles
Most wins:
2 – Moonrush (1951, 1953)
2 – Olden Times (1963, 1964)
2 – Kings Favor (1968, 1969)
2 – Express Train (2021,2022)
Most wins by a jockey:
8 – Bill Shoemaker (1955, 1959, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1967, 1971, 1974)
Most wins by a trainer:
5 – Bob Baffert (1999, 2002, 2003, 2013, 2015)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Rex C. Ellsworth (1963, 1964, 1965)
3 – C R K Stable (2020,2021,2022)
Winners
References
The 2009 San Pasqual Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
State Highway 204 (SH 204) is a Texas state highway running from Jacksonville southeast to US 259 north of Nacogdoches. This route was designated on May 15, 1934 replacing the east leg of SH 110 from US 259 north of Nacogdoches to SH 110. On October 31, 1958, SH 204 was extended west to its current end in Jacksonville.
Route description
SH 204 begins at a junction with US 79 in Jacksonville. It heads southeast from this junction through Jacksonville to an intersection with Loop 456. The highway continues to the southeast through the northern outskirts of Gallatin to an intersection with SH 110 in Ponta. Heading towards the southeast, the highway continues to a junction with Loop 142. The highway continues to the southeast to an intersection with FM 2274. It continues to the southeast to a junction with FM 235. As the highway continues to the southeast, it intersects US 84 in Reklaw. It heads southeast from this junction to an intersection with FM 1648. The highway continues to the southeast to an intersection with FM 225 in Cushing. Heading towards the southeast, the highway continues to a junction with FM 2783. SH 204 reaches its eastern terminus at US 259.
Junction list
References
Transportation in Cherokee County, Texas
Transportation in Nacogdoches County, Texas
204
Pseudopontixanthobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
József Jacsó is a Hungarian weightlifter. They won a Silver medal in the Heavyweight 110kg class at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
1962 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Hungary
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Hungary
Dynamo sports society athletes
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male weightlifters
Alfred Bammesberger (born 25 September 1938 in Munich) is Professor Emeritus of English and Comparative Linguistics at the Catholic University of Eichstätt.
Scientific career
State examination in English and French 1962-1965, Dr. phil. (Munich 1965), Habilitation (Freiburg 1970). Professor of English and Comparative Linguistics, Catholic University of Eichstätt from 1980, emeritus 2006. Rejected appointments: Münster (1979), Würzburg (1988), Freiburg (1989).
Bammesberger is the author of more than 25 scholarly books and numerous essays on historical linguistics, with a focus on Indo-Germanic studies, Old German studies, English studies, and Baltic studies. From 1985 to 2015, Alfred Bammesberger was editor of the journal Historische Sprachforschung/Historical Linguistics and they are still co-editor of the journal Onomasiology Online (2022).  They are an external member of the Polish Academy of Arts and Sciences in Krakow.
Works (selection)
Deverbative jan-Verba des Altenglischen - München, 1965
Abstraktbildungen in den baltischen Sprachen (= Zeitschrift für vergleichende Sprachforschung auf dem Gebiet der indogermanischen Sprachen. Ergänzungshefte. 22). Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 1973, ISBN 3-525-26208-6 (Simultaneously abridged: Freiburg, University, Habilitations-Schrift, 1971).
Beiträge zu einem etymologischen Wörterbuch des Altenglischen [Contributions to an etymological Dictionary of the Old English language] - Heidelberg : Winter, 1979
Englische Sprachwissenschaft English Linguistics- München : Minerva-Publikation, 1981
An outline of modern Irish grammar - Heidelberg : Winter, 1983
Twentieth century Irish prose - Heidelberg : Winter, 1984
A sketch of diachronic English morphology - Regensburg: Pustet, 1984
Studien zur Laryngaltheorie [Studies on Laryngeal Theory] - Göttingen : Vandenhoeck und Ruprecht, 1984
Lateinische Sprachwissenschaft Latin Linguistics - Regensburg : Pustet, 1984
As editor: The etymological dictionary. Questions of conception and design. Friedrich Pustet, Regensburg 1983.
English etymology. Carl Winter, Heidelberg 1984.
Problems of old English lexicography - Regensburg: Pustet, 1985
Linguistic notes on Old English poetic texts - Heidelberg: Winter, 1986
Der Aufbau des germanischen Verbalsystems - Heidelberg: Winter, 1986
English linguistics - Heidelberg : Winter, 1989
Britain 400-600 - Heidelberg: Winter, 1990
As editor with Gaby Waxenberger: Pforzen und Bergakker. New investigations on runic inscriptions (= Historische Sprachforschung. Ergänzungsheft. 41). Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 1990, ISBN 3-525-26231-0, (digital copy).
Old English runes and their continental background - Heidelberg: Winter, 1991
Akten des VIII. Internationalen Kolloquiums zur Lateinischen Linguistik / International Colloquium on Latin Linguistics (1995: Eichstätt). - Heidelberg: Winter, 1996
Index to the Journal of Comparative Linguistics, Volumes 1-100 (1851-1987). Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 1997.
As editor: Baltic Studies. Tasks and Methods (= Indo-European Library. Dept. 3: Investigations. 19). Winter, Heidelberg 1998, ISBN 3-8253-0726-3.
Baltistik - Heidelberg: Winter, 1998
Repetitorium zur englischen Sprachwissenschaft - Heidelberg : Winter, 1999
Languages in prehistoric Europe - Heidelberg: Winter, 2003
Das fuþark und seine einzelsprachlichen Weiterentwicklungen - Berlin/Boston: De Gruyter, 2006 (online ressource)
Literature about A. Bammesberger
Bammesberger, Alfred. In: Wilfried Kürschner (ed.): Linguisten-Handbuch. 2 vols. Narr, Tübingen 1994, ISBN 3-8233-5000-5, vol. 1, p. 31 f. (online).
Weblinks
Literature by and about Alfred Bammesberger in the Catalog of the German National Library
Alfred Bammesberger on the website of the KU Eichstätt-Ingolstadt
Alfred Bammesberger as Co-Editor of Onomasiology Online
Editorial of Historische Sprachforschung vol. 128 (2015) on the occasion of Bammesbergers retirement after 30 years as editor [in German].
Alfred Bammesberger on the website of Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Linguists
Linguists from Germany
Linguists of Indo-European languages
Linguists of Germanic languages
Linguists of English
Historical linguists of English
Runologists
People from Munich
Living people
1938 births
A phase portrait is a geometric representation of the trajectories of a dynamical system in the phase plane. Each set of initial conditions is represented by a different curve, or point.
Phase portraits are an invaluable tool in studying dynamical systems. They consist of a plot of typical trajectories in the state space. This reveals information such as whether an attractor, a repellor or limit cycle is present for the chosen parameter value. The concept of topological equivalence is important in classifying the behaviour of systems by specifying when two different phase portraits represent the same qualitative dynamic behavior. An attractor is a stable point which is also called "sink". The repeller is considered as an unstable point, which is also known as "source".
A phase portrait graph of a dynamical system depicts the system's trajectories (with arrows) and stable steady states (with dots) and unstable steady states (with circles) in a state space. The axes are of state variables.
Examples
Simple pendulum, see picture (right).
Simple harmonic oscillator where the phase portrait is made up of ellipses centred at the origin, which is a fixed point.
Van der Pol oscillator see picture (bottom right).
Parameter plane (c-plane) and Mandelbrot set
Visualizing the behavior of ordinary differential equations
A phase portrait represents the directional behavior of a system of ordinary differential equations (ODEs). The phase portrait can indicate the stability of the system.
The phase portrait behavior of a system of ODEs can be determined by the eigenvalues or the trace and determinant (trace = λ1 + λ2, determinant = λ1 x λ2) of the system.
See also
Phase space
Phase plane
References
Chapter 1.
External links
Linear Phase Portraits, an MIT Mathlet.
Dynamical systems
Diagrams
Jarno Heinikangas (born 5 March 1979) is a retired Finnish football player.
References
Guardian Football
External links
Profile at TPS homepage
Finnish footballers
FC Jazz players
Turun Palloseura footballers
Veikkausliiga players
1979 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Finland international footballers
Sportspeople from Pori
Mākutu in the Māori language of New Zealand means "witchcraft", "sorcery", "to bewitch"; and also a "spell or incantation". It may also be described as a belief in malignant occult powers possessed by certain people.
An October 2007 mākutu-lifting in the Lower Hutt suburb of Wainuiomata led to the death by drowning of a woman and the hospitalisation of a teen, allegedly due to attempts to remove such a curse.
See also
Tohunga
References
Māori mythology
Asian witchcraft
Māori religion
is an indoor arena located in Hiroshima, Japan. The original arena was built sometime shortly after World War II. The arena was rebuilt for the 1994 Asian Games. It hosted some of the group games for the 2006 FIVB Men's World Championship and the official 2006 Basketball World Championship.
Facilities
Main Arena ()
Sub Arena
Budō arena - for judo and kendo
Kyūdō arena
Fitness plaza
Training room
Swimming pool
Studio
Health Support Center
Conference rooms
Sports Information Center
Mizuno pro shop
Restaurant
Shop
Access
Hiroshima Bus Center
Astram Line
Hiroden Main Line and Ujina Line
External links
Sports venues in Hiroshima
Indoor arenas in Japan
Basketball venues in Japan
Boxing venues in Japan
Schuelea is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Schuelea arfakensis (Baehr, 1987)
Schuelea drumonti Baehr, 2004
Schuelea monstrosa Baehr, 2004
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
In the 1994–95 San Jose Sharks season, the Sharks once again qualified for the playoffs and won their first-round series against the Calgary Flames before losing in the second round to the Detroit Red Wings.
Offseason
The Sharks chose Jeff Friesen with their first-round pick, eleventh overall. Friesen would play for the Sharks for nearly seven seasons.
Regular season
The Sharks got off to a good start in the lockout-shortened season, winning 5 of their first 6 games. In their first win of the season on January 21, 1995, 18-year-old rookie Jeff Friesen scored their very first NHL goal, a shorthanded game-winner against the Toronto Maple Leafs as the Sharks won 3-2. Their streak soon came to an end, and the team lost 5 straight from February 18 to 26. Although they had 4 shutouts, goaltender Arturs Irbe struggled, going 14-19-3 with a GAA of 3.26 and a SV% of .895. Friesen went on to lead the Sharks in goals with 15. During the season, the team acquired forwards Craig Janney and Kevin Miller in a trade with the St. Louis Blues for forward Todd Elik and defenseman Jeff Norton. Captain Bob Errey is traded to the Detroit Red Wings, forward Jeff Odgers is named team captain.
The Sharks finished last in shots on goal (1,152) during the regular season.
Season standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
In the first round of playoffs, the Sharks once again upset the team with the better record, as they edged the Calgary Flames 4 games to 3. The Sharks allowed 5 shorthanded goals and gave up 35 total goals in the series. In the second round, the Sharks faced the Detroit Red Wings, whom they had defeated in 7 games in the first round of the 1994 Stanley Cup Playoffs. This time around, it was no contest, as Detroit blanked San Jose 6-0 in game 1, and won games 2, 3 and 4 by identical scores of 6-2. Detroit forward Vyacheslav Kozlov scored 4 goals and had 5 assists for 9 points in the 4 games. The Red Wings' special teams dominated the Sharks, scoring 7 power-play goals and adding two shorthanded goals. The Sharks were outscored 24-6 in the series, and were outshot 147-61.
Player statistics
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; SA = Shots against; SV = Shots saved; SV% = Save percentage;
Transactions
Trade Deadline Transactions
Draft picks
References
Sharks on Hockey Database
S
S
San Jose Sharks seasons
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Sharks
Louise Lightner Post (born December 7, 1966) is an American musician.  They are best known for being a vocalist and guitarist of the alternative rock band Veruca Salt, which they co-founded with Nina Gordon in 1993.
Early life
Post was born in St. Louis, Missouri. Them parents divorced when they were nine years old. They began playing the piano at the age of seven and participated in several musicals while in high school. At 16, Post founded an R&B band with their brother Eric. They later joined a funk cover band which played at proms, college dances, and bars.
Post, inspired by Vanity 6, wrote their first song at age 16. For a talent show, they performed another of their songs which they reviewed as "really, really bad, and I don't think I wrote another song until I was in college". Of their inspiration they have said "I was desperate to express myself creatively and poetry filled that need, but songwriting was more satisfying, more gratifying, and more fun."
After graduating from Clayton High School, Post moved to New York City to attend Barnard College. At Barnard they joined an a cappella singing group and began playing guitar in their sophomore year. After graduating with a degree in English, they moved back to St. Louis. They then moved to Chicago, Illinois and was unsure of what career to pursue. While in Chicago they joined a theatre company and decided to become either an actor or a musician.
Musical career
Shortly after meeting Nina Gordon, the two founded the alternative rock band Veruca Salt in 1993 with bassist Steve Lack and drummer Jim Shapiro, Gordon's brother. Post and Gordon were the band's vocalists, guitarists, and songwriters. Veruca Salt released a self-funded demo tape and shopped it to labels while playing a handful of small club shows. After a few live concerts, the band was signed to Minty Fresh Records and began recording with producer Brad Wood, at the time known for having produced Liz Phair's critically acclaimed album Exile in Guyville (1993).
The band released a 7-inch single for the song "Seether". Their first full-length album, American Thighs, was released on September 27, 1994, and re-released on November 8, 1994, by Geffen Records. The album peaked on the Billboard chart at number 69, and was eventually certified Gold. Other singles on the album included "All Hail Me" and "Number One Blind". To support the album, the band toured as the opening act for bands such as Hole, Live, and PJ Harvey. In 1996, Veruca Salt released an EP, Blow It Out Your Ass It's Veruca Salt, produced by Steve Albini.
The group entered the studio with producer Bob Rock in 1996. Their second album, Eight Arms to Hold You, was released on February 11, 1997, and included the hit "Volcano Girls", which was the opening theme for dark comedy film Jawbreaker. Another single, "Shutterbug", was performed by the band on Saturday Night Live.
In 1998, Gordon left the band, and Post recruited new members. They then released another album, Resolver (2000). The band's new line-up toured in summer 2001 and promoted the album in the United Kingdom. Resolver was released in Australia in 2003 and promoted with both a tour and the release of a tour EP, Officially Dead, in 2003.
In 2005, the band toured Australia and released another EP, Lords of Sounds and Lesser Things, followed by a full-length album, IV (2006). In 2007, the group covered Neil Young's song "Burned" for a breast cancer benefit album and then went dormant. In 2012, the band's hiatus was announced on their official website.
In 2013, Veruca Salt announced the reunion of its original line-up on their Facebook page; on September 29, 2013, it was announced that they were working on new material, set to be released in 2014. On April 19, 2014, for Record Store Day, the band released a 10-inch vinyl disc, MMXIV, containing two new songs, "It's Holy" and "The Museum of Broken Relationships". In 2014, the band played several dates in the United States and Australia. The first post-reunion Veruca Salt album, Ghost Notes, was released on July 10, 2015, to favorable reviews.
Personal life
Post and bandmate Nina Gordon were very close friends for much of Veruca Salt's early years. By the late 1990s, the personal disagreements between the two increased, resulting in the departure of Gordon from the band. Veruca Salt's 2000 album, Resolver, the first one released without Gordon, contains lyrics that have been interpreted as "hostile" towards her; however, the two never explained the reasons behind their falling out publicly. In 2003, Post stated that the two had reconciled and were friends, but "not at the same intensity". In October 2006, Post complimented Gordon's solo career. In 2013, it was announced that Gordon had returned to Veruca Salt, with Post referring to them as "[her] best friend".
In the late 1990s, Post was in a relationship with Foo Fighters' leader and former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl. Grohl has said that the Foo Fighters song "Everlong" (on which Post sang backing vocals, recorded over a telephone line from Chicago to Los Angeles) is about Post. Following their break-up, Post, during an inebriated performance in Melbourne in 1997, stated that Grohl had cheated on them with Winona Ryder; this was later believed to be referenced in Veruca Salt's song "Disconnected", which contains the lyrics: "It's kind of scary when your lover leaves you for a movie star". In 2006, Post stated: "It was a private relationship, but it got so much publicity. I didn't mean for it to happen. I'm friends with them now."
Post began dating The Brontosaur's frontman, musician Tony Parks, in 2001. The couple were married on March 30, 2008, in Las Vegas and have one child, Charlie (born April 27, 2010).
In October 2017, Post was one of 38 women who publicly accused film director James Toback of sexual harassment. That number later grew to nearly 400.
Discography
With Veruca Salt
American Thighs (1994)
Blow It Out Your Ass It's Veruca Salt EP (1996)
Eight Arms to Hold You (1997)
Resolver (2000)
Officially Dead EP (2003)
Lords of Sounds and Lesser Things EP (2005)
IV (2006)
The track "Burned" on Cinnamon Girl: Women Artists Cover Neil Young for Charity (2008)
MMXIV EP (2014)
Ghost Notes (2015)
As Louise Post
Studio Albums
TBA (2023)
EPs
But I Love You Without Mascara (Demos '97-'98) (2022)
Appearances
Loud Lucy - "Stop Draggin' My Heart Around" from You Got Lucky - A Tribute to Tom Petty (1994)
Loud Lucy - Breathe on the song "Over Me"
Touch (OST) the songs "Touch" and "Saints In Love" with Dave Grohl (1997)
The Avengers (1998) (OST) "Solve My Problems" with Ashtar Command
Frogpond - Safe Ride Home (1999)
Firetrucs - Hovercraft LP (2002) "Breathe" and "Telephone"
The Still Life (2006 film) (OST) Piano version of "Spider-Man '79" (2006)
Cinnamon Girl - Women Artists Cover Neil Young for Charity - "Sugar Mountain" (2008)
Ashtar Command - American Sunshine, Vol. 1 (2011)
Skating Polly - New Trick (2017) - EP Collaboration between Skating Polly, Louise Post and Nina Gordon
References
External links
Veruca Salt Returns, Illinois Entertainer (2005-12-30).
1966 births
Living people
20th-century American women singers
20th-century American women guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American women guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
American women singer-songwriters
American women rock singers
American rock songwriters
American rock guitarists
Singer-songwriters from Missouri
Guitarists from Missouri
Musicians from St. Louis
Slide guitarists
Veruca Salt members
Barnard College alumni
20th-century American singers
MM6 may refer to:
Mega Man 6, a 1993 video game for the NES
Might and Magic VI: The Mandate of Heaven, a 1998 video game for the PC
Yamaha MM6, a 61-key synthesizer keyboard
MM6 register, a CPU register used by the MMX extension
HERE WeGo is a web mapping and navigation service, operated by HERE Technologies and originally developed by Nokia. In 2013, HERE Technologies released this web mapping application for Windows Phone and the World Wide Web as a revamped version of Nokia Maps. HERE Technologies released the HERE Maps application to the Android platform on December 10, 2014 and later for iOS on March 11, 2015. The company changed the product name to HERE WeGo in July 2016. It is the default maps service provider for the Amazon Fire tablets and smartphone.
HERE WeGo is based on the HERE platform, a fully integrated location data platform. HERE Technologies provided its in-house data, which includes satellite views, traffic data, and other location services. Maps are updated every two or three months.
Timeline and availability
Nokia/Ovi Maps
In 2006, Nokia purchased a Berlin-based start-up, Gate5, with a mapping software called smart2go. In February 2007 Nokia announced that smart2go would be available free on the S60 Symbian platform and on Windows Mobile 5.0. It was pre-installed on handsets, including Nokia N95, which featured Global Positioning System (GPS) technology. In August 2007 the smart2go application was reworked into Ovi Maps, named under the new umbrella Ovi brand, released for S60 3rd Edition devices. Months later, Nokia bought Navteq, a provider of digital map systems.
Ovi Maps version 2.0 went into public beta in February 2008 and was released in May. Version 3.0 was released in July 2009.
Turn-by-turn navigation and traffic information originally required a subscription, but in January 2010 Nokia announced that these would be provided for free. In 2011 it became Nokia Maps. It was released for Nokia Lumia in November 2011, coming preloaded on the devices. Versions for the Nokia N900 and Nokia N9 were also made.
HERE Maps
In November 2012, Nokia rebranded Nokia Maps as HERE Maps. The rebranded version was first released for iOS and later in February 2013 for all Windows Phone 8 devices. It was also released on the Nokia Asha platform and Firefox OS. The legacy Symbian and Series 40 versions carried using the old name without HERE branding.
The HERE application was first announced for Android as a beta test version for some Samsung Galaxy smartphones on August 29, 2014. The app was downloadable on October 8, 2014 from Samsung's Galaxy Apps Store. It was also launched on the same day for the Samsung Gear S smartwatch. The first public release of the beta Here app (across all of the Android platform was on October 21, 2014, as an APK download from the HERE.com Web site. The app became available in the Google Play Store on December 10, 2014. On February 12, 2015 a stable version of HERE was released on the Google Play Store.
The Web site wego.here.com (formerly here.com) evolved out of the maps.ovi.com and then maps.nokia.com site and provides the web companion to the HERE suite. It works on all major browsers. Users can organize their favorite places on collections and sync to mobile devices. The Web application also uses WebGL to offer 3D map views without a plugin. With 3D goggles, users can get stereoscopic views of 25 cities. It also provides detailed street-level imaging for many cities. As of 2013, the Web site offers routing support between many waypoints, city pages of over fifty popular cities showing local time and weather conditions, along with information from Lonely Planet and suggested places, 3D maps of 25 cities, with routing support. It also offers live traffic flow visualization, public transport search, and synchronization of user's points of interest (Collections) between the Web site and mobile device. Additionally, it shows heat maps to visualize areas popular for food, nightlife, shopping and local sights in select cities, listing and managing businesses.
On 9 July 2015 HERE launched a new public beta of its Android app. As of June 2015 the Here app was available as a free app in 118 countries and territories across the world for the Android and iOS platforms. On 3 September 2015 Here announced that its app would be available for the Samsung Gear S2 when the smartwatch is released later this fall.
In late 2015 Facebook began using HERE's maps for their applications, moving from Microsoft's map offering, Bing.
In December 2015, Here, at the time a division of Nokia, was sold to a consortium of German automotive companies (comprising Audi AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG) as Here Global BV.
On 15 March 2016 HERE announced that it would discontinue support for its app for Windows 10 Mobile on 29 March 2016 due to its use of "a workaround that will no longer be effective after June 30, 2016", and that the existing Windows Phone 8 app will only receive critical updates after this date and no longer be actively developed. HERE Maps licensed by Microsoft are still offered as part of the existing Bing Maps-based software on these devices.
Here WeGo
On 27 July 2016 the mapping service was updated and re-branded HERE WeGo; the update first launched on Android, and is followed by an iOS version and a relaunch of the web version. The update and rebranding focuses on navigation capabilities, including the addition of taxi fare information in some cities, and integration with Daimler's Car2Go service. Tizen smartphone and smartwatch apps have been rebranded, too.
In April 2020 HERE WeGo introduced CarPlay integration for iOS. The Android version was also published in Huawei App Gallery.
As a response to COVID-19 delivery tools demand, HERE WeGo Deliver product was launched.
Features
Some features are available offline with a downloaded map, others require a data connection, and some also require the user to be signed in.
Turn-by-turn navigation
HERE WeGo provides turn-by-turn navigation in both offline and online modes. Users can enter a destination address, landmark, or business name, and then the app automatically calculates directions and distance to the destination. Real-time traffic data (where available) is also factored and a prediction made on arrival time to the destination.
Depending on the smartphone model, HERE WeGo provides pre-recorded navigation voices as well as text-to-speech commands with street names.
Public transport, pedestrian, and bicycle navigation
Public transport data is displayed by the Here app whilst planning a route while online, for transport options such as buses, trams, subways and trains. Walking and cycling routes are also supported. Time and distance estimates are provided for these modes, and driving navigation.
Real-time traffic and reversible lane traffic
HERE WeGo had real-time information on traffic conditions and incidents available for 63 countries.
In late June 2015 HERE added real-time traffic for reversible express lanes across the United States and Europe.
'Collections' and location sharing
Users can save the location and details of destinations as 'Collections' if they are online and signed in. It is not possible to store destinations offline, on the device. Location and destination can be shared with standard platform tool. there was no option to sort collections by name or distance in the Web, Android, and iOS versions.
Offline maps
HERE WeGo can download maps of countries and regions to internal storage so that a data connection is not needed for navigation. Online usage provides live traffic data and additional venue information.
The maps include floor-by-floor details of some large indoor venues such as shopping malls and airports.
CarPlay and Android Auto
If a car is equipped with CarPlay connectivity component, HERE WeGo application on iPhone can be projected to the car in-dash navigation screen and controlled as any other built-in application. Up to July 2020 there were no public information about introducing Android Auto integration.
Future coverage
There is a web page "HERE car drive schedule - Drive schedule for our map data collection cars", with entries typically for the current and following month.
Download statistics
Statistics published by HERE state that it reached one million downloads on the Android platform a couple of weeks after launch and, 12 weeks after its launch, reached 2.5 million downloads, increasing to 3 million by mid-February 2015, and to 4 million through the Google Play Store alone by March 2015. By 4 August 2015 Google Play downloads had increased to 5 million, and to 10 million by early 2016.
Previous versions
Symbian^3/Belle
Here was available on the Symbian^3 platform under the name Nokia Maps. The last version, 3.09, included:
Driving and walking turn-by-turn with international voice guidance
Live traffic rerouting in some countries
Live traffic visualisation on the map in some countries
Third-party content such as ViaMichelin and Lonely Planet
Social networking service integration
Support for preloading street maps for offline use
Users can report errors in the maps (from version 3.03 except on Nokia E66 and E71 models)
Local weather conditions by the hour and forecasts for the week
Night View mod
Satellite maps and terrain maps
3D buildings and 3D maps
Public transport routing in some cities
Saving of favourites
City Lens (augmented reality) (Beta only)
Nokia said that the Nokia 808 from 2012 would be the last Symbian phone; Symbian development then stopped. Accenture was responsible for maintenance of Symbian and Nokia Maps until 2016.
The supported phones were:
Version 3.09 (12 November 2012, also called Maps Suite 2.0): only for Symbian Belle phones (500, 603, 700, 701, N8-00, E7-00, C7-00, C6-01, X7-00, E6-00)
Version 3.08 (15 November 2011) and 3.07: supported on Symbian^3
Version 3.06 (2 December 2010): Symbian S60v5 (N97, N97 mini, X6, C6-00, 5800XM, 5235 & 5230, etc.)
Version 3.04 (20 May 2010): Symbian S60v3 FP2
Asha/S40
Maps for S40 were limited compared to other platforms. The maps were streamed online into the device or pre-downloaded with Nokia Suite. In some markets the phones were sold with an SD card preloaded with local maps. The system did not support turn-by-turn navigation. Asha series phones did not have GPS receivers; positioning was done by Cell ID of the cellular network or by using the Wi-Fi positioning system.
See also
TomTom
Comparison of satellite navigation software
Comparison of web map services
References
2015 software
Android (operating system) software
iOS software
Symbian software
Mobile route-planning software
Nokia services
Route planning software
Web mapping
Windows Phone software
SCEA v. Hotz was a lawsuit in the United States by Sony Computer Entertainment of America against George Hotz and associates of the group fail0verflow. It was about jailbreaking and reverse engineering the PlayStation 3.
Timeline
On January 11, 2011, Sony sued George Hotz and fail0verflow members Hector Martin and Sven Peter on 8 claims, including violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, computer fraud, and copyright infringement. The law firm used by Sony was Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP. In response to the suit, Carnegie Mellon University professor David S. Touretzky mirrored Hotz's writings and issued a statement supporting that Hotz's publication is within their right to free speech.
On January 27, 2011, Sony's request for a temporary restraining order (TRO) was granted by the US District Court for the Northern District of California. This forbade them from distributing the jailbreak, helping or encouraging others to jailbreak, and distributing information they've learned during the creation of the jailbreak. It also ordered them to turn over computers and storage media used in the creation of the jailbreak to Sony's lawyers. Professor Touretzky's mirror was voluntarily censored following issue of the TRO, but Hotz's writings and software have been mirrored elsewhere.
On February 12, 2011, Hotz posted a one-minute diss track against Sony on their official YouTube channel in relation to the lawsuit.
On February 19, 2011, Hotz started a blog about the Sony lawsuit.
On March 6, 2011, the court issued an approval that Sony's lawyers were allowed access to all the IP addresses of all the people who visited geohot's blog for the purposes of establishing jurisdiction. Sony said the server logs would demonstrate that many of those who downloaded Hotz's hack reside in Northern California — thus making San Francisco a proper venue for the case.
On April 11, 2011, it was revealed that Hotz and Sony had reached a settlement out of court. This included a permanent injunction against Hotz doing any more hacking work on any Sony products to prevent any future firmware release from being decrypted.
The claims (filed in the United States district court for Northern California, San Francisco) were:
Violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ()
Violating the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act ()
Contributory copyright infringement ()
Violating California Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act (§ 502)
Breach of Contract (related to the PlayStation Network User Agreement)
Tortious interference
Misappropriation
Trespass
Alleged Anonymous attacks in response to lawsuit
In an act of hacktivism, Anonymous announced their intent to attack Sony websites in response to Sony's lawsuit and, specifically due to Sony's gaining access to the IP addresses of all the people who visited geohot's blog, terming it an 'offense against free speech and internet freedom'. Although Anonymous admitted responsibility to subsequent attacks on the Sony websites, much speculation has arisen concerning a sustained collapse of the PlayStation Network in April 2011. Anonymous has denied any involvement in the PlayStation Network outage. However, Sony announced on May 4, 2011, "We discovered that the intruders had planted a file on one of our Sony Online Entertainment servers named "Anonymous" with the words "We are Legion."
See also
Electronic Frontier Foundation
George Hotz
Groklaw
Illegal number
Strategic lawsuit against public participation
Forum shopping
References
External links
http://www.groklaw.net/staticpages/index.php?page=SonyHotz
http://community.us.playstation.com/t5/PlayStation-Network-Support/Questions-About-End-User-Safety-Concerning-New-Exploit/m-p/38690337
https://blog.playstation.com/2011/04/11/settlement-in-george-hotz-case/
American bloggers
Sony litigation
Digital Millennium Copyright Act case law
2011 in United States case law
Video game controversies
United States District Court for the Northern District of California cases
The 2017 Shoot Out (officially the 2017 Coral Snooker Shoot Out) was a professional ranking snooker tournament which took place at the Watford Colosseum in Watford from 23 to 26 February 2017. It was played under a variation of the standard rules of snooker. In 2017 it was extended from 64 to 128 players, and became a ranking tournament for the first time in its history. It was the 15th ranking event of the 2016/2017 season.
Robin Hull was the defending champion, but they lost 18–25 to Fergal O'Brien in the second round.
Anthony McGill won their second ranking title, beating Xiao Guodong 1–0 in the final (67–19).
This was the first time that no century break was made in the competition. The highest break was a 96 from Graeme Dott.
This was the 300th ranking event to be staged in snooker.
Prize fund
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below.
Winner: £32,000
Runner-up: £16,000
Semi-final: £8,000
Quarter-final: £4,000
Last 16: £2,000
Last 32: £1,000
Last 64: £500
Last 128: £250
Highest break: £2,000
Total: £146,000
The "rolling 147 prize" for a maximum break stood at £15,000.
Format and rules
2017 rules.
Tournament draw
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Finals
Final
References
2017
2017 in snooker
2017 in English sport
2017
February 2017 sports events in the United Kingdom
Cornelius Springer Hamilton (January 2, 1821 – December 22, 1867) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Born in Gratiot, Ohio, Hamilton attended the common schools and Denison University. They moved with their parents to Union County in 1839, where they engaged in agricultural pursuits with their father. They studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1845, commencing practice in Marysville, Ohio. They acted as a land appraiser and assessor in 1845, after which they served as delegate to the State constitutional convention 1850-1851. They were editor and proprietor of the Marysville Tribune 1850-1853. They then served as member of the State senate in 1856 and 1857, and was appointed by President Lincoln assessor of the eighth congressional district of Ohio in 1862 and served until 1866.
Hamilton was elected as a Republican to the Fortieth Congress and served from March 4, 1867, until their death, December 22, 1867. Hamilton was beaten to death by their apparently deranged son, Thomas, with a board while the two fed livestock at the family farm in Marysville. Thomas Hamilton then pursued their mother, younger brother John, and members of the local community with an axe, injuring but not killing anyone else.
They were interred in Oakdale Cemetery in Marysville.
See also
List of assassinated American politicians
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
List of United States Congress members killed or wounded in office
References
Sources
Find a Grave
1821 births
1867 deaths
19th-century American journalists
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
19th-century American politicians
American male journalists
Deaths by beating in the United States
Denison University alumni
Journalists from Ohio
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1850)
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Patricides
People from Gratiot, Ohio
People from Marysville, Ohio
People murdered in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Shoshana Renee Dobson (born March 30, 1989) is a retired American mixed martial artist (MMA) who competed in the Flyweight division.  They are most notable for their time in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Personal life
Dobson is of Jamaican descent and is openly lesbian.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Dobson started their professional MMA career since 2016 after amassed a record of 3–1, they participated in The Ultimate Fighter 26.
The Ultimate Fighter
In August 2017, it was announced that Dobson would be one of the fighters featured on The Ultimate Fighter 26, where the process to crown the UFC's inaugural 125-pound women's champion would take place.
Dobson, representing team Alvarez, faced Roxanne Modafferi and they lost by TKO due to punches in the first round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Dobson made their promotional debut on December 1, 2017 on The Ultimate Fighter 26 Finale against Ariel Beck. They won the fight via a technical knockout in round one.
Dobson next faced Lauren Mueller at UFC on Fox: Poirier vs. Gaethje on April 14, 2018.
They lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Dobson faced Sabina Mazo on August 17, 2019 at UFC 241. They lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Dobson faced Priscila Cachoeira (replacing Rachael Ostovich) on February 23, 2020 at UFC Fight Night 168. Dobson lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Dobson faced Mariya Agapova on August 22, 2020 at UFC on ESPN 15. They won the fight via TKO in the second round, securing the largest betting odds upset in UFC women's history (tied with Holly Holm's upset victory over Ronda Rousey at UFC 193). This win earned them the Performance of the Night award.
Dobson faced promotional newcomer Casey O'Neill on February 20, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 185. They lost the fight via technical knockout in round two.
On March 11, 2021, it was announced that Shana was released from the UFC.
On March 23, 2021, Dobson announced their retirement from MMA.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Tied (with Valentina Shevchenko and Maycee Barber) for the most knockout wins in UFC Flyweight division history (two)
MMA Mania
2020 Upset of the Year vs. Mariya Agapova
Combat Press
2020 Upset of the Year vs. Mariya Agapova
LowKick MMA
2020 Upset of the Year vs. Mariya Agapova
MMAjunkie.com
2020 Upset of the Year vs. Mariya Agapova
Mixed martial arts record
|Loss
|align=center|4–5
|Casey O'Neill
|TKO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Lewis
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:41
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–4
|Mariya Agapova
|TKO (punches)
|UFC on ESPN: Munhoz vs. Edgar
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:38
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 3–4
|Priscila Cachoeira
|KO (punch)
|UFC Fight Night: Felder vs. Hooker
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 0:40
|Auckland, New Zealand
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 3–3
|Sabina Mazo
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 241
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 3:00
|Anaheim, California, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 3–2
|Lauren Mueller
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on Fox: Poirier vs. Gaethje
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 3:00
|Glendale, Arizona, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 3–1
|Ariel Beck
|TKO (punches)
|The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion Finale
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 2:53
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 2–1
|Rebecca Adney
|Decision (unanimous)
|Xtreme Knockout 35
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 3:00
|Dallas, Texas, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 1–1
|Nicco Montaño
|Decision (unanimous)
|KOTC: Will Power
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 3:00
|Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 1–0
|Cassandra Spatz
|Decision (unanimous)
|Xtreme Knockout 30
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 3:00
|Dallas, Texas, United States
|
|-
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 0–1
| Roxanne Modafferi
| TKO (elbows)
| rowspan=3|The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion
| (air date)
| align=center | 1
| align=center | 1:37
| rowspan=3|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 2–0
| Morgan Solis
| TKO (strikes)
| Sugar Creek Showdown 28
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 0:13
| Hinton, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 1–0
| Bella Wasserman
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Sugar Creek Showdown 24
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 2:24
| Hinton, Oklahoma, United States
|
See also
List of female mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1989 births
Flyweight mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship female fighters
Sportspeople from Miami
Mixed martial artists from Florida
American people of Jamaican descent
LGBT sportspeople from the United States
LGBT mixed martial artists
William John White (October 7, 1850 – February 16, 1923) was an American business person and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1893 to 1895.
Early life and career
Born at Rice Lake, Ontario, Canada, White moved to the United States in 1857 with their parents, who settled in Cleveland, Ohio. They attended the district schools. They entered business as a candy maker in 1869, and later began the manufacture of chewing gum. They served as mayor of West Cleveland in 1889.
Their wife, Ellen Maria Mansfield, was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and was the daughter of Orange and Marietta Mansfield. They had several children. and were later divorced.
Congress
White was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third Congress (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1895). They declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1894.
Later career and death
They were first president of the American Chicle Co. and later president of the W.J. White Chicle Co..
WHITE, WILLIAM J. (7 Oct. 1850-16 Feb. 1923), chewing-gum manufacturer,
was born in Rice Lake, Ontario, moved to Cleveland with their parents,
John and Laura (Brooks) White, at age 6. They entered business
operating a candy store and in 1884 mistakenly bought a barrel
of Yucatán chicle. White, after discovering it could be softened
and made chewable, added mint, and sold the product as "Yucatan."
In 1890, they established and became president of AMERICAN CHICLE CO.
White put Dr. EDWIN E. BEEMAN's pepsin into their gum
to create Beeman's Pepsin Gum. By 1893, the company had sold over 150 million sticks of gum.
White moved to W. Cleveland and was elected its mayor in 1889.
In 1892, they were elected as a Republican to the U.S. House of Representatives.
White's personal tastes were extravagant.
In 1889 they purchased 455 acres for a stock farm and racetrack.
Thornwood, their 52-room mansion, showcased paintings, tapestries,
Oriental rugs, and antique furnishings.
On November 22, 1898, Star Pointer, the first Standardbred
race horse to complete a mile in less than two minutes, owned by James A Murphy of Chicago and New York City,
organizer of the Central Grain and Stock Exchange, was sold in Madison Square Garden New York City
for $15,000 to Ex-Congressman William J White of Cleveland Ohio,
(founder of American Chicle/Beeman Chewing Gum which went on to introduce chewing gum to the world
and sold over 150 millions sticks of gum.)
Star Pointer died of a stroke several weeks
before the Christmas of 1910.
Their record was 22 victories and 4 seconds in 30 starts.
They had a total of 60 wins in 79 heats and earnings of over $50,000
(equivalent to $1,450,000 in 2021).
Their remains were buried beneath the finish line
of the Dean Racetrack in Palatine, Illinois
but the exact location is now lost to history.
They were inducted into the United States Harness Racing Hall of Fame in 1954.[1]
White divorced their first wife,
Ellen, in 1906, the next day marrying divorcee Helen Sheldon.
They moved to New York.
Probably in 1916, White became penniless after business difficulties
and was removed as president of American Chicle.
Four years later, White was running Wm. J. White Chicle Co. in Niagara Falls.
They lost this fortune because of litigation with their original company.
They returned to Cleveland in 1922, penniless,
but built a new factory. In Jan. 1923 White slipped on a sidewalk in Cleveland
and died a few weeks later on February 16, 1923.
White, buried in LAKE VIEW CEMETERY,
had seven children: Miles A., Harry W., Pearl M.,
Arthur M., Ada M., Ralph, and Brook.
They died in Cleveland, Ohio, on February 16, 1923.
They were interred in Lake View Cemetery.
References
Sources
1850 births
1923 deaths
Politicians from Cleveland
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Mayors of places in Ohio
Pre-Confederation Canadian emigrants to the United States
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Algeria national athletics team represents Algeria at the international athletics competitions such as Olympic Games or World Athletics Championships.
Medal count
Algeria has 13 participations in the Summer Olympic of 27 editions held from 1896 to 2016.
List of medalists at Olympic Games
List of medalists
List of medalists at World Championships
List of medalists at World Indoor Championships
See also
Athletics Algeria
Algeria at the Olympics
List of Algerian records in athletics
Athletics Summer Olympics medal table
World Championships medal table
References
External links
Athletics at Summer Olympics
National team
Athletics
Algeria
Stephen Garrard Post (1951-; PhD University of Chicago, 1983) has served on the Board of the John Templeton Foundation (2008-2014), which focuses on virtue and public life.  They are a researcher, opinion leader, medical school professor, and best-selling author who has taught at the University of Chicago Medical School, Fordham University-Marymount, Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine (1988-2008) and Stony Brook University School of Medicine (2008-).  They are widely known for their research on the ways in which giving can enhance the health and happiness of the giver, how empathy and compassionate care contribute to patient outcomes, ethical issues in caring for people with dementia, medical professionalism and the virtues, and positive psychology in relation to health and well-being. Post is an elected member of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia, the New York Academy of Medicine, and the Royal Society of Medicine, London. They were selected nationally as the Public Member of the United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) Composite Committee (2000-2005), and was reappointed for outstanding contributions.
Their book The Moral Challenge of Alzheimer Disease: Ethical Issues from Diagnosis to Dying (Johns Hopkins University Press, 2nd edition 2000) was designated a "medical classic of the century" by the British Medical Journal, which wrote (2009), "Until this pioneering work was published in 1995 the ethical aspects of one of the most important illnesses of our aging populations were a neglected topic."  They are an elected member of the Medical and Scientific Advisory Panel of Alzheimer's Disease International. Post is one of several recipients of the U.S. Alzheimer's Association "distinguished service award" for their work with family and professional caregivers over three decades. Post's culminating book in this field is Dignity for Deeply Forgetful People: How Caregivers Can Meet the Challenges of Alzheimer's Disease (Johns Hopkins University Press, 2022).
Post wrote the 2011 WSJ best-selling book The Hidden Gifts of Helping: How the Power of Giving, Compassion, and Hope Can Get Us Through Hard Times. They were lead author of the 2007 Why Good Things Happen to Good People: How to Live a Longer, Healthier, Happier Life by the Simple Act of Giving. Their writings were included in Best American Spiritual Writing (2005). Post received the Kama Book Award in Medical Humanities from World Literacy Canada (2008), and was listed in the "Best Spiritual Books of 2011" by Spirituality & Practice. Articles by or about them have been published in Parade (magazine), O: The Oprah Magazine, The New York Times, and Psychology Today. They have appeared on many major media venues, including 20/20, The Daily Show, Stossel, and Nightline. To capture the theme of synchronicity, which fascinated Post since youth, they wrote God and Love on Route 80: The Hidden Mystery of Human Connectedness (Mango Publishing Group, 2019).
The author of several hundred papers in leading professional journals including JAMA, Science, Annals of Internal Medicine, The Journal of Religion, and The American Journal of Psychiatry, their article "Rx It's Good to be Good (G2BG): Prescribing Volunteerism for Health, Happiness, Resilience, and Longevity" won the 2017 Paper of the Year Award from the editors of The American Journal of Health Promotion.
Education and personal life
Post attended St. Paul's School in New Hampshire. Post completed their PhD in 1983 at the University of Chicago "with distinction".  They are a lifelong member of the Episcopal Church and the father of two adult children.
Academic work
Post currently serves as Director of the Center for Medical Humanities, Compassionate Care, and Bioethics at Stony Brook University in the Stony Brook Renaissance School of Medicine, with a focus on professional identity development. In 2019 Stony Brook received the annual Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Society Professionalism Award for development of its Professional Identity Formation Curriculum. Prior to their arrival at Stony Brook University, they were (1988–2008) Professor of Medical Ethics, Social Science, and Religious Studies in the School of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. They were also a member of the Center For Adolescent Health in the Case School of Medicine, Directed by Nobel Laureate Frederick C. Robbins, MD. Post served as editor-in-chief of the 5-volume 3rd edition of The Encyclopedia of Bioethics (Macmillan Reference, 2004) while at Case Western. At the Center for Medical Humanities, Compassionate Care, and Bioethics Post and colleagues address the crisis of the dehumanization of healthcare and examine the perennial importance of compassionate care in the art of healing and the experience of recovery.  They are an elected fellow of the Hastings Center and a senior scholar of the Kennedy Institute of Ethics at Georgetown University. Post is a senior research fellow (non-resident) in the Center for Law and Religion in the School of Law of Emory University, and a visiting scholar (non-resident) in the Positive Psychology Center of the University of Pennsylvania.
Post served as senior research fellow in the Becket Institute at St. Hugh's College at Oxford University. In 2003 they were invited to become one of the Founding Fellows of the International Society for Science and Religion (ISSR), a multidisciplinary learned society based at Cambridge University. Founded in 2002, ISSR is the world's preeminent scholarly organization devoted to this intersection. The Society has about 200 Fellows, mostly from the physical and biological sciences, philosophy, history, and spirituality
Through the Institute for Research on Unlimited Love, an Ohio-based non-profit 501(c)(3) organization that Post founded in 2001 with support from their friend and mentor Sir John Templeton, they were able to competitively fund research at more than sixty universities on the science of unselfish giving and its underpinnings in philosophy and spiritual wisdom. They have examined the dynamic of benevolence with regard to the happiness and health of the caregiver. For this work Post received the Hope in Healthcare Award for "pioneering research and education in the field of unconditional love, altruism, compassion, and service" (2008), and the "Pioneer Medal For Outstanding Leadership in Health Care" presented by the Trustees of HealthCare Chaplaincy Network (2012). Their writings also address the roles of humility, spirituality and helping others in 12-Step recovery programs.
Awards and honors
2017 Paper of the Year Award from the Editors of the American Journal of Health Promotion for "Rx It's Good to be Good"
Elected Hastings Center Fellow 1994
Senior Scholar in the Kennedy Institute of Ethics at Georgetown University
Elected Member of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia for "distinguished contributions to medicine in 2003.
Elected Fellow of the New York Academy of Medicine
Elected Fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine, London
2008 Hope in Healthcare Award
2008 Kama Book Award in Medical Humanities from World Literacy Canada
Bibliography
Stephen Post is the author and editor of numerous books including:
The Moral Challenge of Alzheimer Disease: Ethical Issues from Diagnosis to Dying (Johns Hopkins, 1995)
Encyclopedia of Bioethics 3rd ed. (MacMillan, 2003)
The Fountain of Youth: Cultural, Scientific, and Ethical Perspectives on a Biomedical Goal (Oxford University Press, 2004).
"Altruism & Health: Perspectives from Empirical Research" (Oxford University Press, 2007)
"Why Good Things Happen to Good People: How to Live a Longer, Healthier, Happier Life by the Simple Act of Giving" (Broadway, 2008)
"God and Love on Route 80: The Hidden Mystery of Human Connectedness" (Mango Publishing Group, a division of Mango Media, Inc., 2019)
References
External links
http://www.stonybrook.edu/bioethics/post.shtml
http://stephengpost.com/
1951 births
American ethicists
Anglican philosophers
Case Western Reserve University faculty
Hastings Center Fellows
Living people
Stony Brook University faculty
University of Chicago alumni
John William Blaney (born 1948) was a United States State Department official and former U.S. Ambassador to Liberia. Ambassador Blaney led successfully U.S. efforts to end Liberia's long civil war, including crossing no man's land in 2003 to negotiate an end to the fighting, which enabled the formal peace process in Ghana to conclude successfully the Comprehensive Peace Agreement. For their achievements in Liberia, Ambassador Blaney was awarded the Secretary of State's Distinguished Service Award, the highest diplomatic honor of their nation. Previous diplomatic assignments included Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in South Africa, Director for Southern African Affairs at the State Department, Presidential designation as the U.S. Deputy Representative to the ECOSOC of the United Nations, Minister-Counselor at U.S. Embassy Moscow (as the Soviet Union was disintegrating), and positions working on several nuclear arms control negotiations (including principal drafter and a negotiator of the U.S.-USSR Nuclear Risk Reduction Centers Agreement). They also served as a Legislative Assistant in both houses of Congress, and as an economist at the U.S. Treasury and State Departments. During the course of their career, Ambassador Blaney received many State Department honors as well as Presidential and foreign awards, including Liberia's Order of the Knight Great Band, and an honorary doctorate in Political Science.  They are the author/editor of Successor States to the USSR (Congressional Quarterly Books, 1995), and many journal articles including, "The Art of Strategy Creation for Complex Situations" (PRISM, 5-3, National Defense University, and elsewhere). Prior to their diplomatic career, Blaney served as an officer in the U.S. Army.
Early life
Blaney graduated from Syracuse University, and they hold a Masters of Science in Foreign Service from Georgetown University.
After retiring from public service, Blaney worked on Wall Street, and later became a senior advisor at Deloitte Consulting. Presently (2022), they are the CEO of Bridge of Gold Entertainment LLC.
Notes
External links
"John W. Blaney Biography" on U.S. Department of State website.
1948 births
Living people
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
People from Santa Monica, California
Syracuse University alumni
Ambassadors of the United States to Liberia
United States Army officers
United States Foreign Service personnel
21st-century American diplomats
Military personnel from California
Cobra Juicy is the sixth studio album by Pennsylvania based band Black Moth Super Rainbow. Initially scheduled to be released on October 9, it was eventually pushed back to October 23, 2012.
Background
After the release of their album Eating Us in 2009, the band had begun work on their fifth album. It was scheduled to be released in 2011 under the name Psychic Love Damage, although it was later revealed by BMSR-member Tobacco that they had scrapped the album for finding it not worth the fans spending money on.
Towards the end of March 2012, a song titled "Like a Sundae" was released. On April 5, along with an announcement about the album release, a song called "Spraypaint" was revealed.
Several months later, the album cover was revealed and a limited t-shirt was printed featuring the image. On July 11, Tobacco started a Kickstarter page to fund the album. Black Moth Super Rainbow are releasing the album independently and set up a crowdfunding page to help fund the release. There are many price choices ranging from a $1 pledge for a digital download of the upcoming single to $10,000 for a rollerskating party to be DJ'd by Tobacco. The album will be printed in CD format and lenticular vinyl exclusive to backers. Along with most pledges is an included download of the scrapped Psychic Love Damage EP.
On July 12, 2012, the $45,000 goal was reached and a free download of a Psychic Love Damage track titled "The Wettest Day" was released to backers.
On July 30, 2012, the Kickstarter campaign reached $100,000, and Tobacco said that for reaching it, there will be a free remix album released to all backers in the first half of 2013.
They went on to confirm remixes of "Windshield Smasher" by surrealist prank caller Longmont Potion Castle, Odd Nosdam, Zackey Force Funk, Junk Culture and several others to be released along with the single in August 2012.
On August 7, 2012, a music video for "Windshield Smasher" was released. It was also confirmed that a "Windshield Smasher" maxi-single containing remixes and a b-side was released on August 28.
Track listing
Track listing confirmed through official website
References
2012 albums
Kickstarter-funded albums
Black Moth Super Rainbow albums
Gompers v. United States, 233 U.S. 604 (1914), was a contempt of court case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Background
Before 1932, the courts attempted to control the activities of labor unions by issuing injunctions that forbade strikes and picketing. Around the turn of the century labor unions began increasingly to use boycotts against individual employers to force them to provide improved working conditions and higher wages. The courts attempted to stop the boycotts by using antilabor injunctions.
Samuel Gompers was the first president of the American Federation of Labor (AFL), holding the office from 1886 to 1924. Gompers and two other labor leaders were convicted of violating an antiboycott injunction for running a notice in its magazine listing Buck's Stove & Range Company along with other companies under the heading "We Don't Patronize." On May 25, 1911, the Supreme Court ruled on the case Gompers v. Buck's Stove & Range Company. The Court refused to reexamine the validity of the injunction issued by the lower court and rejected Gompers' claim that the First Amendment protected their activities. However, the convictions were reversed on the ground that the contempts were civil but the lower court had treated them as criminal in nature. The aim of civil contempt is remediation while the purpose of criminal contempt is punitive.
Although the Court had dismissed the charges in Gompers v. Buck's Stove & Range Company, the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia retained the power to punish contempt, if any had been committed against it. The day after the decision, this court appointed a committee to see if there was reasonable cause to believe that Gompers was guilty of willfully violating an injunction issued by the court on 18 December 1907.
On June 26, 1911, the committee reported that Gompers was guilty of violating the injunction. Rules to show cause were issued that day requiring each of the defendants to show why they should not be adjudged to be in contempt and be punished for it. Gompers pleaded the statute of limitations and not guilty to most of the charges. A trial took place, the statute of limitations was held inapplicable, and Gompers was found guilty and sentenced to prison for 12 months. The court of appeals reduced the sentence to imprisonment for 30 days.
Gompers appealed to the Supreme Court, arguing that the alleged contempt took place more than three years before the proceedings began and was therefore beyond the statute of limitations.
Decision
The Court reversed the decision of the lower court based on its holding that criminal contempt was a crime to which the statute of limitations applies.
Significance
The Court settled whether contempt was actually a crime by the affirmative. It also resolved the issue of a statute of limitations for punishing contempt, settling on a term of three years.
See also
Gompers v. Buck's Stove & Range Co.
References
External links
Great Court Cases
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the White Court
American Federation of Labor
1914 in United States case law
Daniel Ryfa (born December 17, 1979) is a Swedish pilot.
 They are a pilot of the Challenger class of the Red Bull Air Race World Championship.
Biography
Ryfa was born in Stockholm, Sweden in 1979.
Daniel Ryfa is the winner of 6th FAI European Advanced Aerobatic Championship 2009. Most successful Scandinavian aerobatic pilot in times.
In 2014, they joined the Red Bull Air Race as Challenger class pilot. Race seasons 2014-2019 with most podiums in the challenger class (22 podiums / 8 race winns).
They maneuver planes such as Pitts Special, Edge 540, Extra 330LX, Sukhoi Su-26, Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5 and Piper Cub L-4 J Grasshopper.
Results
Red Bull Air Race
Challenger Class
Legend: * CAN: Cancelled * DNP: Did not take part * DNS: Did not start * DSQ: Disqualified
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Swedish aviators
Red Bull Air Race World Championship pilots
Aerobatic pilots
Yang Sui-sheng (; Foochow Romanized: Iòng Chŭi-sĕng; born 10 November 1954) is a Taiwanese politician. They were the Magistrate of Lienchiang County from 20 December 2009 until 25 December 2014.
Early life
Airplane incident
In 1996, while they were flying to Matsu Nangan Airport on Nangan Island, the airplane made an emergency landing at sea due to bad weather. A doctor by profession, Yang and their wife assisted the other passengers. From this experience, Yang began focusing their time on improving transportation infrastructure.
Lienchiang County Magistrate
2009 Lienchiang County Magistrate election
Yang was elected as the Magistrate of Lienchiang County after winning the 2009 Republic of China local election under Kuomintang on 5 December 2009 and assumed office on 20 December 2009.
Casino in Lienchiang
Responding to the referendum result on the establishment of casino in Matsu and that the result showed 56% voted in favor against 42% who opposed in July 2012, Yang said that they welcomed the result, saying that the establishment of casino will bring change for Matsu Islands. It would improve the transportation infrastructure and could bring in more tourists.
In December 2013, they urged the Legislative Yuan to pass the Gaming Act () as soon as possible so that it can bring job opportunities to Matsu residents and benefit Taiwan's economy as a whole. They also added that there is an urgency to modernize the transportation infrastructures of the county, such as airports and harbors. However, due to the limited funding by the central government, such a proposal is not yet feasible.
2013 Singapore visit
On 28 June 2013, Yang and 16 delegates were welcomed and greeted by the ROC representative to Singapore Hsieh Fa-dah and their staffs at the Taipei Representative Office in Singapore. Both of them discussed the issues of bilateral ties between Taiwan and Singapore concerning urban and industrial developments in Singapore. Yang also elaborated on the future development plans and construction blueprints for Matsu Islands. They hoped that Matsu Islands can follow the success of Singapore of its construction and development of the integrated resorts.
2014 Lienchiang County Magistrate election
Yang joined the 2014 Lienchiang County Magistrate election held on 29 November 2014. However, they lost to another Kuomintang candidate Liu Cheng-ying.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Magistrates of Lienchiang County
Taipei Medical University alumni
21st-century Taiwanese politicians
FazWaz, also known as FazWaz Group is a Property technology company and real estate marketplace based in Thailand offering real estate for sale and rent across greater Southeast Asia, with agency offices operating in all 6 major regions of Thailand: Phuket Province, Bangkok, Ko Samui, Pattaya, Chiang Mai and Hua Hin District.
History
The website was first launched in 2015 as a data-driven property platform attempting to solve buyers' issues with market transparency and real home values. At this time, FazWaz served just the Phuket condominium market, differentiated from other property sites by its focus on "accurate and up-to-date data". The overall aim is to create a space for everyone in the market to gather and compare detailed information, from buyers and sellers to real estate agents and property developers alike.
Over the first few years of operation, FazWaz continued to gather data on additional regions in Thailand, eventually claiming to offer up-to-date data on all homes for sale and rent in Thailand, with current offerings listed as 40,447 total units. In addition to these data-driven expansions, FazWaz Group also partnered with companies like ThaiVisa, offering a custom property search portal on the ThaiVisa website powered by FazWaz technology. A network of partnerships with local developers and agencies as well as more-established property companies allowed FazWaz to develop marketing and growth strategies including native site translations in six languages, soft-launches of sister FazWaz sites with offerings in six additional countries in Southeast Asia plus United Arab Emirates, and new-brand sites like BaanThai focusing on capturing other aspects of the Thailand real estate market.
In 2019 FazWaz officially announced its overseas expansion efforts focusing primarily on improving market transparency on homes in Dubai and Vietnam. A Phuket Property Watch article claims the site saw a 20% rise in organic traffic rankings between the months of December 2018 and January 2019. Recently the group announced that it had secured pre-Series A funding from undisclosed investors based in Singapore.
Milestones
See also
List of companies of Thailand
References
Real estate companies of Thailand
Thai brands
Companies based in Bangkok
Real estate services companies
Real estate websites
Online real estate databases
Real estate companies established in 2015
Senator Emery may refer to:
Ed Emery (politician) (1950–2021), Missouri State Senate
Jim Emery (born 1934), South Dakota State Senate
Lucilius A. Emery (1840–1920), Maine State Senate
Giovanni Consorte (born 16 April 1948) is an Italian manager.
Career
Born in Chieti, Consorte graduated in chemical engineering at the University of Bologna in 1972 and headed Montedison from 1973 to 1975, then Lega delle Cooperative from 1976 to 1978. Since 1979 they worked in Unipol, of which they became president in 1996. They resigned on December 31, 2005, following the bancopoli scandal.;
On October 25, 2006, they were sentenced to six months in jail for insider trading, together with Ivano Sacchetti and Emilio Gnutti. They appealed, but on November 12, 2007, the sentence was upheld by the Milan Court of Appeal.
References
External links
Official website
1948 births
Business executives
Italian business executives
Living people
People from Chieti
University of Bologna alumni
A string bog or strong mire is a bog consisting of slightly elevated ridges and islands, with woody plants, alternating with flat, wet sedge mat areas. String bogs occur on slightly sloping surfaces, with the ridges at right angles to the direction of water flow. They are an example of patterned vegetation.
Known as "aapa" moore (from Finnish aapasuo) or strangemoore in Northern Europe.
A string bog has a pattern of narrow (2–3m wide), low (<1m high) ridges oriented at right angles to the direction of drainage with wet depressions or pools occurring between the ridges. The water and peat are very low in nutrients because the water has been derived from other ombrotrophic wetlands, which receive all of their water and nutrients from precipitation, rather than from streams or springs. The peat thickness is >1m.
String bogs are features associated with periglacial climates, where the temperature results in long periods of subzero temperatures. The active layer exists as frozen ground for long periods and melts in the spring thaw. Slow melting results in characteristic mass movement processes and features associated with specific periglacial environments.
See also
Blanket bog
Flark
Marsh
References
Canadian Soil Information Service - Local Surface Forms (checked 2014-10-18)
String bog
Ecology
de:Regenmoor#Aapamoore
The white-tailed nuthatch (Sitta himalayensis) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It ranges across the northern and northeastern parts of the Indian Subcontinent, existing mainly in the low-to-middle Himalayas, as well as associated mountain ranges. It is found in Bhutan, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Tibet and Thailand.
Description and ecology
It may be identified by the buff underside, smaller beak than in the Kashmir nuthatch (S. cashmirensis). The white on the upper tail coverts is difficult to see in the field. It has a small bill and rufous-orange underparts with unmarked bright rufous undertail-coverts.
Resident in the sub-Himalayan range from Himachal Pradesh to Arunachal Pradesh and into the South Assam Hills (Lushai Hills). It breeds from March to May in broad-leaved and mixed forest.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
External links
white-tailed nuthatch
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Myanmar
white-tailed nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2010 Shonan Bellmare season was their first season back in the top flight, J. League Division 1 after 10 seasons, and 25th season overall in the Japanese top flight. It was also the first season in which they participated as an autonomous club and not as a works team of Fujita Engineering, their original parent company until 1999, whose lack of support caused them to be relegated that year.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Shonan Bellmare
Shonan Bellmare seasons
Erich P. Ippen is a principal investigator in the Research Laboratory of Electronics (RLE) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). They hold appointments as the Elihu Thomson Professor of Electrical Engineering Emeritus and Professor of Physics Emeritus.  They are one of the leaders of RLE's Optics and Quantum Electronics Group.
Ippen was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1985 for pioneering contributions to nonlinear optics in optical waveguides and ultrashort-optical-pulse-generation techniques. In 1989 they were also elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society "for their pioneering work in the generation, measurement, and application to physical systems of picosecond and femtosecond light pulses" Professor Ippen is also a member of the National Academy of Sciences and is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 1997 they were awarded the Arthur L. Schawlow Prize in Laser Science. They were president of the Optical Society of America in 2000. In 2004 the Charles Hard Townes Award and in 2006 the Frederic Ives Medal.
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
MIT School of Engineering faculty
Presidents of the Optical Society
21st-century American physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Optical physicists
"I Don't Dance" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Lee Brice. It was released on February 18, 2014 as the first single and title track from Brice's third studio album of the same name. Brice co-wrote the song with Rob Hatch and Dallas Davidson.
Content
The song is set in the key of C-sharp major with a vocal range of G-G and a main chord pattern of C-F-G-C.
Critical reception
The song received a favorable review from Taste of Country, which called it "personal, like almost every song on the Hard 2 Love album, but also powerful and experimental like Brice's early recordings." The reviewer added that "it's the thump of a deep drum — perhaps a tympani — and loud cry of the pedal steel that provide the song's signature and any emotional reaction that comes while listening." Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song four stars out of five, writing that "the production and melody behind the lyrics is mid-tempo and right in the core pocket of what Lee Brice does best." Bjorke called it "a strong single choice and a song that should be the beginnings of a successful upcoming album."
Music video
The music video was directed by Ryan Smith and premiered in April 2014.
Commercial performance
"I Don't Dance" debuted at number 59 on the U.S. Billboard Country Airplay chart for the week of February 22, 2014. It also debuted at number 24 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of March 15, 2014. It also debuted at number 89 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week of May 3, 2014. The song was certified Platinum on September 2, 2014, and reached over a million copies sold on September 24, 2014. As of April 2015, the song has sold 1,303,000 copies in the US. On February 3, 2017, the song received a double platinum status by the RIAA.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2014 songs
2014 singles
Lee Brice songs
Curb Records singles
Songs written by Lee Brice
Songs written by Rob Hatch
Songs written by Dallas Davidson
Country ballads
Songs about dancing
Madhavaram Milk Colony is a neighbourhood in north of Chennai, a metropolitan city in Chennai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Madhavaram Milk Colony is a small habitat of 5000+ population in the northern part of Chennai. Due to the set up of first co-operative milk producing union Aavin of Chennai, this place was called Madhavaram Milk Colony. Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University is situated here. A pharmacy major - Retort Laboratories and Herbal Soap manufacturer - Medimix also have their presence here. In addition, the palm project and horticulture society have their presence here. The domestic animals park inside the Milk colony is an attraction for children. The Madhavaram Botanical Garden is situated here.
Religious and Divinity
Sri Arulmigu Ponni Amman Thirukoil - Madhavaram Milk Colony Quarters (near Bottle ground)
Sri Thulukkanathamman Koil - Madhavaram Milk Colony Quarters (MMC Main Road)
Perumal Kovil (Kamaraj Salai, Edaima Nagar)
Muthumariamman Kovil (Kamaraj Salai, Periyamathur)
Arasamara Vinayagar Temple (Kamaraj Salai, Periyamathur)
Sri Devi Kalasathamman Temple (Selaivayal)
Sai Baba Temple (Bank Colony)
Sri Sarva Sakthi Ganapathi Aalayam (Bank Colony 5th Street)
Madras Pentecostal Assembly Church (Ganapathy Nagar)
Mosques
Location and Surroundings
Madhavaram Milk Colony, most often called "MMC" or Paalpannai is a neighbourhood located north of Chennai city. It borders Kodungaiyur to the east, Madhavaram to the west, Moolakadai to the south, and Manali to the north. The main thoroughfare in the area is the Milk Colony Road.
Though this place is inside to the Chennai city limit (Chennai corporation), this place is probably the most calm, cool and segregated from urban commotion. The natural surroundings here display a rural like atmosphere. This also attracts the views of many peoples, so this place also acts as a suiting spot for many Tamil films. Right from the main gate to the veterinary university campus, there are trees (particularly palm trees) and cattle sheds on both sides of the road, replicating a typical village atmosphere. Madhavaram milk colony is one among the 200 wards in the Chennai Corporation. Madhavaram falls under ZONE 3 in Chennai corporation.
Transportation
Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) runs passenger buses to Madhavaram Milk Colony from other major parts of the Chennai city. Though there is no origin or destination service from/to Madhavaram Milk Colony, Good number of buses passes through Madhavaram Milk Colony. Some of them are:
Educational Institutions
Madhavaram Milk Colony's colleges, universities and institutes are:
Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (TANUVAS)
College of Fish Nutrition and Food Technology of Tamil Nadu Dr. J. Jayalalithaa Fisheries University (TNJFU)
Paraprofessional Institute of Fisheries Technology of Tamil Nadu Dr. J. Jayalalithaa Fisheries University (TNJFU)
Horticulture Training Centre
Institute of Horticulture Management
Agricultural Co-operative Staff Training Institute
Jayagovind Harigopal Agarwal Agarsen College
Institute for Poultry Science and Management
Famous CBSE schools
Greenfield Chennai International School
Velammal New Gen School
Everwin Vidhyaashram School
KC Toshniwal Vivekananda Vidyalaya School
Sri Chaitanya Techno School
Famous State / Matric schools
St Thomas Matriculation Higher Secondary School
Bosco Academy Matriculation Higher Secondary School
Government Higher Secondary School
Padma Prakash Matriculation Higher Secondary School
Ramakrishna Matriculation Higher Secondary School
St. Anne's Girls High School
St. Ann's Matriculation Higher Secondary School
St. Joseph's Matriculation Higher Secondary School
St. Thomas' School
Sri Shakthi Matriculation School
Madhavaram Govt Higher Secondary School
Hospitals and Health care
Madhavaram Milk Colony Government Hospital
K.M Multi Specialty Hospital
Murari Hospital
St' Antony hospital
Anand Hospital
Fathima Nursing Home
Neighbourhoods
Most notable neighbourhoods in Madhavaram Milk colony are
Madhavaram Milk Colony is just 5 km from Perambur and 6.7 km from Manali and 13 km from Annanagar and 11.5 km from Tiruvotiiyur. The nearest railway station is Perambur and Chennai Central at just 6 km.
Aavin
Madhavaram Milk Colony is the Tamil Nadu Co-operative milk producers' Federation Ltd's first dairy in Chennai. Started in the year 1992, this unit is the central dairy of Aavin with a capacity of 3.0 LLPD. This Dairy carry out Processing, Packing and Distribution of Milk and Milk Products as per HACCP, MMPO and NDDB Norms.
The Head Office of Tamil Nadu Co-operative milk producers' Federation Ltd. is located at Aavin Illam near to the Main gate.
Aavin Park
During the 1980s the Tamil Nadu cooperative milk federation was running in loss. As a part of initiative to implement the market of milk and milk products, the authorities decided to establish an ice cream parlour along with a park for children to play. The park consists of a small artificial lake along with a small fish pond
Madhavaram Botanical Garden
Madhavaram Botanical Garden is a botanical garden in Chennai, India, set up by the horticulture department of the Government of Tamil Nadu. The garden, under construction, is expected to be opened by February 2013 and will be the largest botanical garden in the city. The garden is located at the State horticulture farm in Madhavaram Milk Colony. Encompassing an area of 28 acres, it is being built at a cost of ₹ 57.3 million. Foundation stone for the garden was laid on 15 September 2010. As of October 2012, 80 percent of the civil work has been completed and work is in progress to construct a food court, ticket counters and a compound wall. A small bridge has been built to attract birds from where visitors will get a view of the lake. The garden will have nearly 400 species of plants. A glasshouse similar to the one in the garden at Udhagamandalam will also be created, with different types of gardens, including herbal, flowers, bonsai and trellis gardens, in addition to mazes, a play area for children, cascades and many fountains. The garden will also have an open-air theatre with a capacity to seat nearly 150 people. There will also be a nursery outlet at the garden.
Chennai Metro Rail Limited – Phase II
In December-2016, it was announced that Chennai Metro Phase 2 would be for 104 km (65 mi) spreading across 104 stations. In July 2017, in a suo motu statement in the State Legislative Assembly, an extension in Phase II, involving an additional cost of ₹38,500 million to the original phase II cost of ₹850,470 million, was announced. Once Phase 1 draws to a close in 2019–20, construction on Phase 2 of Chennai Metros project will begin. This phase is currently in the proposal stage and in its latest avatar has been proposed to be 107.55 km long with another 25 km in the pipeline. After phase 2 is built and opened in 2028 (estimated), Chennai's metro network will become roughly 176.70 km long.
This phase involves the construction of 2 out of 3 new lines on standard gauge tracks:
• Line-3 – Purple Line – Madhavaram – SIPCOT (45.77 km) with 50 stations
Stations: Madhavaram Milk Colony (interchange with Line-5), Thapal Petti, Murari Hospitial, Moolakadai, Sembiyam, Perambur Market, Perambus Metro, Ayanavaram, Otteri, Pattalam, Perambur Barracks Road, Purasaiwakkam High Road, Kelley's, KMC, Chetpet Metro, Sterling Road Junction, Nungambakkam, Gemini, A Thousand Lights (interchange with Line-1), Royapettah Govt Hospital, Radhakrishnan Salai Junction, Thirumayilai Metro (interchange with Line-4), Madaiveli, Greenways Road Metro, Adyar Junction, Adyar Depot, Indira Nagar, Thiruvanmiyur, Taramani Link Road, Nehru Nagar, Kandhanchavadi, Perungudi, Thoralpakkam, Mettukuppam, PTC Colony, Okkiyampet, Karapakkam, Okkiyam Thoralpakkam, Sholinganallur (interchange with Line-5), Sholinganallur Lake, Sri Ponniamman Temple, Sathyabama University, St Joseph College, Seemancheri, Gandhi Nagar, Nayalur, Siruseri, Sipcot 1 and Sipcot 2
• Line-5 – Red Line – Madhavaram – Sholinganallur (44.66 km) with 46 stations
Stations: Madhavaram Milk Colony (interchange with Line-3), Venugopal Nagar, Assissi Nagar, Manjambakkam, Velmurugan Nagar, MMBT, Shastri Nagar, Terreri, Kolathur, Srinivasa Nagar, Villivakkam Metro, Villivakkam Bus Terminus, Nadhamuni, Anna Nagar Depot, Thirumangalam, Kendriya Vidyalaya Anna Nagar, Kallamman Koli Street, CMBT (interchange with Line-2, Line-4), Kannlamman Nagar, Nerkundram, Madhuravoyal, Ganga Nagar, Valasaravakkam, Alwarthirunagar, Suresh Nagar, Ramapuram, Sathya Nagar, Chennai Trade Centre, Butt Road, Alandur (interchange with Line-1 and Line-2), St Thomas Mount (interchange with Line-2), Adambakkam MRTS, Vanuvampet, Puzhuthivakkam, Madipakkam Koot Road, Kilkattalai, Echangadu, Kovilabakkam, Vellakkal, Medavakkam Koot Road, Medavakkam Junction, Perumbakkam, Global Hospitals, Elcot and Sholinganallur (interchange with Line-3).
History
The Madhavaram Milk Colony was established by Karmaverar K. Kamaraj, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu in 1965 as a region for milk and milk-producing people. It was under the period of whom a field called jersey field was established as a cow field with at least 200 license holders. Then they built a residential area for those people and the area was named as Madhavaram Paalpannai. Veterinary buildings and institutions include:
The central fisheries and aquaculture research center
The horticulture research and training institute
The Tamil Nadu Animal Science and veterinary University (TANUVAS)
The chemicals and pesticide safety laboratory'''
The central Palmgur research institute (under CSIR, Neither a Palm nor a Gur)
The parmocovigilance laboratory for animal feed and food safety
The Central Fertilizers Chemical Laboratory
References
Economy of Chennai
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Suburbs of Chennai
Janee is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Janée Bennett (born circa 1986), English musician
Janee Michelle (born 1947), American actor
Janee Munroe (1923–2006), American violinist
English feminine given names
Feminine given names
Benjamin Clapp (born October 13, 1977) is an American musician from Boise, Idaho. They have performed, composed, and recorded music with numerous artists, most notably Erik Sanko (The Lounge Lizards) and Skeleton Key, Tom Marshall (Phish) and Amfibian, Anthony Krizan (Spin Doctors), Jim Breuer, Kronos Quartet, Jesse Blaze Snider and Baptized By Fire, Dee Snider (Twisted Sister), Billy Martin (Medeski Martin and Wood), David Peel (The Lower East Side), and White Trash.
Early life and education
At the age of eleven, Clapp began studying trombone in Idaho public schools. They studied privately under bass trombonist Mark Sellman for a number of years, and was awarded the Louis Armstrong Award in 1995, as well as performance awards at Boise State University and the Lionel Hampton International Jazz Festival. Meanwhile, they were self-learning to play drums; influenced early on by drummers Stewart Copeland, Lars Ulrich, and Dale Crover.
Career
1993-2000
In 1993, Clapp joined Boise punk band, Haggis, following ex-Septic Death drummer Paul Birnbaum's departure from the band. The band went on to tour the West Coast, and release a number of singles and compilation tracks internationally, including the vinyl only 1995 release Step Into It, on German record label, Bilharziose. Through the next several years, Clapp was involved with a number of independent music projects in Boise, and went on to collaborate again with members of Haggis - this time with inclusion of Birnbaum. Clapp was a founding member of the Adversives and the Mosquitones, and performed on all of their recorded releases and national tours.
Clapp formed independent record label Spudtown Records in 1995, and released the vinyl only compilation 12 Songs You Won't Like By 12 Bands You've Never Heard of From Boise, Idaho. The label continued working with regional bands to release their EPs and albums under the moniker STMC (Spudtown Music Collective) until Clapp relocated to the East Coast.
2001-present
In early 2001, Clapp moved to New York City, and within months was hired on as drummer for a Warsaw Poland Brothers US tour, performing for the first time with the band in New Orleans with no audition or rehearsal. Later the same year they moved to New Jersey and became active in the music scene fostered by legendary promoter/performer Jack Monahan, at the Brighton Bar. They were invited to join the Do Dads, who would then go on to 3 Asbury Park Music Award nominations.
By recommendation from rock photographer Mark Weiss to Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider, Clapp was introduced to Snider's eldest son Jesse Blaze Snider in 2004, and they went on to perform together as Blazed, and from 2006 to 2008 as Baptized By Fire. Clapp also joined Erik Sanko's band Skeleton Key in 2004 as their "junk percussionist", and became further recognized for their use of non-traditional percussion: "...the real dirty work's done by brutish showman Benjamin Clapp. They chuck broken cymbals up into the air and slugs them on their way down. They have the worlds [sic] most dangerous tambourine: A rectangular frame, I'm guessing 36" x 24", with CIRCULAR SAW BLADES strung on it." Skeleton Key continued to tour the United States and Canada with Clapp in the band, and recorded songs which would eventually go on to limited release as The Lyons Quintette EP.
Among a number of studio projects and touring artists that hire Clapp to perform on stage and in the studio, Phish lyricist Tom Marshall and their band Amfibian feature Clapp's trombone playing on their studio albums From the Ether and Skip the Goodbyes. Clapp's trombone playing is also a fixture in the current line-up for Elektra Records recording artists: White Trash, and is heard on their 2009 release 3-D Monkeys In Space.
Discography
1994 - Bitter (with Haggis) credit: drums
1994 - Encyclopedia of Post Punk Hits (with Haggis) credit: drums
1995 - 20 Bands Trash 20 Songs to Find The Way to Sesame Street v/a compilation (with Haggis) credit: drums
1995 - Toiletbowl Epiphonies (with The Mosquitones) credit: trombone
1995 - Wade Free Wherever v/a compilation (with Haggis) credit: drums
1995 - Step Into It (with Haggis) credit: drums
1995 - Drunk and Disorderly (with Haggis) credit: drums
1995 - 12 Songs You Won't Like by 12 Bands You've Never Heard Of v/a compilation (with Haggis) credit: drums
1995 - 12 Songs You Won't Like by 12 Bands You've Never Heard Of v/a compilation (with the Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
1996 - The Search For Roger Ferris (with Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
1996 - The Dread/The Adversives Split 10" (with the Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
1996 - Wood Panel Pacer Wagon With Mags v/a compilation (with Haggis) credit: drums
1997 - Liverache: Tales From the Liver's Edge v/a compilation (with Haggis) credit: drums
1997 - Cause/The Adversives Split 7" (with the Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
1997 - Making Human Junk v/a compilation (with the Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
1997 - Mosquitones (with Mosquitones) credit: trombone
1998 - Coolidge 50 v/a compilation (with Haggis) credit: drums
1999 - Smile Upon The Children (with Diseased Media Society) credit: trombone
1999 - Dance of the Dishwasher (with Los Mosquitones) credit: trombone
1999 - Shotgun Response - Alliance In Defiance/The Adversives (with the Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
2000 - Adversives (with the Adversives) credit: vocals, guitar
2001 - I Can't Sleep and I'm Never Awake (with The Unit Breed) credit: drums
2001 - Boise, Idaho v/a compilation (with Mosquitones) credit: drums
2004 - Live 1997-2003 (with Warsaw Poland Brothers) credit: drums
2004 - From the Ether (with Amfibian) credit: trombone
2004 - Highland at Euclid (with Mosquitones) credit: drums
2004 - Live at the Metro (with Skeleton Key) credit: trombone, junk percussion
2005 - Mermaid Parade (with the DoDads) credit: trombone
2005 - Now The Party Starts (with Blazed) credit: drums
2005 - The Lyons Quintette EP (with Skeleton Key) credit: trombone, junk percussion
2006 - Butterbrain (with Butterbrain) credit: trombone
2006 - Best of Ska and Rocksteady (with Warsaw Poland Brothers) credit: drums
2006 - Juggernaut EP (with Baptized By Fire) credit: drums
2007 - Flesheaters v/a compilation (with Baptized By Fire) credit: drums
2007 - Eclectric (with Sunny Daze) credit: trombone
2007 - Skip The Goodbyes (with Amfibian) credit: trombone
2007 - First To Fight (with Warsaw Poland Brothers) credit: drums
2008 - Code Red (with J-Henry) credit: trombone
2009 - Jayder (with Jayder) credit: drums
2009 - 3D Monkeys In Space (with White Trash) credit: trombone
2009 - Tales From Dirty Jersey (with Barry and the Penetrators) credit: trombone
2009 - The Long Evening (with Keith Monacchio) credit: trombone
2010 - Tropism (with Jesse Urmey) credit: trombone
2010 - Speak Softly and Carry a Big Stick (Vol. 1) (with Steve Honoshowsky) credit: drums
2012 - Gravity is the Enemy (with Skeleton Key) credit: trombone, junk percussion
2012 - Full Fathom 5 (with Tony Todesco & Full Fathom 5) credit: trombone
2015 - Suburban Purgatory (with White Trash) credit: trombone
2015 - Together at Last (with The Shady Street Show Band and Hot Blood) credit: trombone
2018 - The In Part of the Out Crowd (with Acid) credit: drums
2019 - Butterbrain - The EP (with Butterbrain) credit: trombone
2020 - West Coast vs. East Coast: Public Serpents/Upper Downer split (with Public Serpents) credit: trombone
2020 - Public Serpents / Escape From The Zoo split (with Public Serpents) credit: trombone
2021 - Glamdemic! (with Space Panther) credit: drums
References
External links
Ben Clapp's official website
American male composers
20th-century American composers
American rock drummers
1977 births
Living people
Musicians from Boise, Idaho
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
21st-century American drummers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
"Never Too Late to Love You" is a song by English band Kissing the Pink, released as both a 7" and 12" single from their third studio album, Certain Things Are Likely (1986). Produced by Peter Walsh, "Never Too Late to Love You" was released as the second single from the album, peaking at No. 87 on the UK Singles Chart, and No. 32 on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart. The single features the non-album track, "Michael", a song about a sailor, as its B-side.
It was their last single to chart in the UK.
Track listing
7" single
"Never Too Late to Love You"
"Michael"
12" single
"Never Too Late to Love You (Kissing The Mix)"
"Never Too Late to Love You (Extended Mix)"
"Never Too Late to Love You (Instrumental Dub)"
"Michael"
Charts
References
External links
Kissing the Pink songs
1986 singles
1986 songs
Karampon (also known as Karampan) () is a village located in Kayts, Velanai Island, off the Jaffna Peninsula, Northern Sri Lanka.
The majority of the people are Hindus along with a minority of Christians. There are a number of Hindu Temples along with a few churches. The village is also served by a dozen of schools.
External links
References
Villages in Jaffna District
Island North DS Division
Maindample is a former railway station in Maindample, Victoria, Australia. The tracks have been removed.
References
External links
Victorian Railway Stations - Maindample
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1891
Railway stations closed in 1978
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Mansfield railway line
Microcystis aeruginosa is a species of freshwater cyanobacteria that can form harmful algal blooms of economic and ecological importance. They are the most common toxic cyanobacterial bloom in eutrophic fresh water. Cyanobacteria produce neurotoxins and peptide hepatotoxins, such as microcystin and cyanopeptolin. Microcystis aeruginosa produces numerous congeners of microcystin, with microcystin-LR being the most common. Microcystis blooms have been reported in at least 108 countries, with the production of microcystin noted in at least 79.
Characteristics
As the etymological derivation implies, Microcystis is characterized by small cells (of only a few micrometers diameter), which lack individual sheaths.
Cells usually are organized into colonies (large colonies of which may be viewed with the naked eye) that begin in a spherical shape, but lose their coherence to become perforated or irregularly shaped over time in culture. Recent evidence suggests one of the drivers of colony formation is disturbance / water column mixing.
The protoplast is a light blue-green color, appearing dark or brown due to optical effects of gas-filled vesicles; this can be useful as a distinguishing characteristic when using light microscopy. These vesicles provide the buoyancy necessary for M. aeruginosa to stay at a level within the water column at which they can obtain optimum light and carbon dioxide levels for rapid growth.
Ecology
M. aeruginosa is favored by warm temperatures, but toxicity and maximal growth rates are not totally coupled, as the cyanobacterium has the highest laboratory growth rates at 32 °C, while toxicity is highest at 20 °C, lowering in toxicity as a function of increasing temperatures in excess of 28 °C. Growth has been found to be limited below 15 °C.
The aquatic plant Myriophyllum spicatum produces ellagic, gallic, and pyrogallic acids and (+)-catechin, allelopathic polyphenols inhibiting the growth of M. aeruginosa.
Toxins
M. aeruginosa can produce both neurotoxins (lipopolysaccharides-LPSs) and hepatotoxins (microcystins).
Economic importance
Because of M. aeruginosa´s microcystin toxin production under the right environmental conditions, it can be a source of drinking water pollution. Water quality mitigation measures in the form of water filtration facilities can lead to increased economic costs, as well as damage to local tourism caused by lake or other waterway closures. In recent years major incidents have occurred in both China and the United States / Canada
M. aeruginosa is the subject of research into the natural production of butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT), an antioxidant, food additive, and industrial chemical.
Bio-active peptides called aerucyclamides can be isolated from M. aeruginosa.
Ecological importance
In 2009, unprecedented mammal mortality in the southern part of the Kruger National Park led to an investigation which implicated M. aeruginosa. The dead animals included grazers and browsers, which preferred drinking from the leeward side of two dams, a natural point of accumulation for drifting Microcystis blooms. Mammals such as elephants and buffalo that usually wade into water before drinking, were unaffected, as were the resident crocodiles. The source of nutrients that supported the Microcystis growth was narrowed down to the dung and urine voided in the water by a large resident hippo population, unaffected by the bloom. The immediate problem was solved by breaching of the dam walls and draining of the water. M. aeruginosa is the most abundant cyanobacterial genus in South Africa, with both toxic and harmless strains. Some South African water bodies are now highly contaminated, mostly from return flows out of dysfunctional wastewater treatment works that discharge over of untreated, or at best partially treated sewage into receiving rivers every day, with Hartebeestpoort Dam being among the worst.
Microcystin has been linked to the death of sea otters in 2010, a threatened species in the US. The poisoning probably resulted from eating contaminated bivalves often consumed by sea otters and humans. Such bivalves in the area exhibited significant biomagnification (to 107 times ambient water levels) of microcystin.
Glyphosate metabolism
Algal blooms of cyanobacteria thrive in the large phosphorus content of agricultural runoff. Besides consuming phosphorus, M. aeruginosa thrives on glyphosate, although high concentrations may inhibit it.
M. aeruginosa has shown glyphosate resistance as result of preselective mutations, and glyphosate presence serves as an advantage to this and other microbes that are able to tolerate its effects, while killing those less tolerant. In contrast research in Lake Erie has suggested that glyphosate may lead to blooms of another cyanobacterium - Planktothrix - in place of Microcystis.
References
Chroococcales
Bacteria described in 1846
Magnus Larsson was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Ivan Lendl won the title, defeating Michael Stich 7–6(7–2), 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Petr Korda (second round)
Ivan Lendl (champion)
Michael Stich (final)
Andrei Medvedev (first round)
Thomas Muster (second round)
Karel Nováček (quarterfinals)
Henrik Holm (first round)
Arnaud Boetsch (quarterfinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Singles
Johannes Vorstermans (John Vosterman; ca.1643, Zaltbommel – ca.1699/1719, Zaltbommel), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter. Considered superior to all of their contemporaries, they created works for Charles II. The Scottish artist, T. Graham referred to them as F. de Vosterman.
Early years
Born at Zaltbommel circa 1643, they learned the rudiments of the art from their father, who was a portrait painter. According to Houbraken they were the son of Otto Vorsterman (a probable relation of Lucas Vorsterman, since Houbraken claims they were from a good portrait painting family) who travelled to Utrecht to become a pupil of Herman Saftleven. Otto Vorsterman had married the widow of the mayor of Zaltbommel, so young Vorstermans travelled to France with their inheritance money. When they returned, they lived with their sister in Zaltbommel, according to Gerard Hoet, who told this story to Houbraken. Vorstermans studied at Utrecht under Herman Sachtleven, to whom they became superior in landscape.
Career
A vain man, instead of following their profession, they assumed the rank of a baron in Paris, maintaining a suite of servants. When they were under the greatest pressure from a large debt, they would pretend illness, seclude himself, and work industriously. In order to prove that they were not in want of money, they gave away some of their best pictures to persons of high rank. This extravagance did not last long, and in 1672, they were obliged to return to Utrecht. They were at their sister's from 1672-1674, before leaving for England. They left England after encountering financial difficulties, and accompanied the marquis de Béthune to France. In Nijmegen, the marquis employed them in painting several views on the Rhine. As the marquis' major-domo, Vorstermans purchased pictures for the marquis and carried them to France on their behalf.
After Vorstermans returned to England, they worked at the court of Charles II. Their paintings include a chimney-piece at Whitehall, a view of the promenade in St. James's Park, a view of Stirling Castle, and particularly one of Windsor, for which Vorstermans demanded two hundred pounds. This was deemed exorbitant, and they did not receive even half the amount. The high prices which they put upon their works, and the bad use they made of their money, threw them into difficulties, and they were confined in prison for debt. Some of the English artists, however, who admired their talents, liberated him, and they resumed their work, though with little advantage, on account of the extravagant price which they demanded for their pictures. At the accession of James II, Sir William Soames being appointed ambassador to Constantinople, took Vosterman in their train, with a view to employ them in sketching views in the east, but the ambassador died during the trip. What became of Vorstermans after this is not known, but it is conjectured that they went to Poland, where they had been previously invited by their first patron, the marquis de Bethune. Vorstermans died in 1699. Their pupil was Jan Soukens.
Style
They surpassed, by many degrees, all the landscape painters of their time, in neatness of touch and delicacy of finishing. Their taste was Flemish, but they worked up their pictures in an exquisite manner, and enriched them with small figures, which had exactness. Their scenes were well chosen, and generally are views of the Rhine, designed with accuracy. In these views they constantly represent a large extent of country, diversified with hills, lawns, groves, and windings of the river, and comprised the most extensive scenes in a small compass. Their tone of colouring is considering pleasing, and their touch is described as "tender, yet full of spirit".
References
External links
Johannes Vorsterman on Artnet
1643 births
1699 deaths
People from Zaltbommel
Dutch landscape painters
Flemish Baroque painters
The city of Hobart, Tasmania is served by a wide variety of transport. While the city's main form of transport is private transport on the road network, transport is also available by bus, ferry and aircraft. A suburban train service operated between Hobart and Brighton from the 1870s until 31 December 1974. There has been, however, talk in recent years of reinstating a train service in the northern suburbs.
Public transport
Public transport in Hobart has been provided exclusively by buses since 1968. Trams ran in Hobart from 1893 to 1960 and were briefly replaced by trolleybuses, from 1960 to 1968.
The low population density of Hobart has resulted in the creation of bus routes which cover a wide area and operate at a low frequency. The consequence is that bus travel is not competitive with travel by car, because routes are often lengthy and indirect, meaning that passengers can take a long time to reach their final destination. This has contributed to Hobart having the second-lowest public transport patronage in Australia.
Since the completion of the Brighton Transport Hub, the former rail line through inner Hobart has fallen into disuse. Serious constraints in the road network, along with low-frequency bus services, have led to ongoing discussion of introducing light rail to Hobart. It would make use of the rail corridor, creating a new express route to Hobart. The proposed light rail system is known as Riverline or the Northern Suburbs Railway.
Taxis and limousines operate with no ties to Metro. Taxi Combined and Yellow Cabs run the large fleets of taxicabs in Hobart.
Bicycle
There are many bike tracks in the greater Hobart area, one of the most notable being the intercity bike track which runs from Hobart 12 km north to Glenorchy along an unused rail line of the Hobart–Bridgewater rail corridor. Other bike routes travel through Mount Wellington and the waterfront of the River Derwent at various locations.
Road
The release of the Hobart Area Transportation Study in 1964 has influenced the use of cars as the dominant mode of transport in Hobart. The Davey/Macquarie couplet expand east-west along the southern fringe of the city centre connecting the three major highways; the Southern Outlet, the Tasman Highway and the Brooker Highway which expand out to the outer suburbs. These highways are in turn supported by secondary arterial roads; Goodwood, Sandy Bay and Main Roads as well as the East Derwent and South Arm Highways.
Water
Several private ferry operators run are based in Sullivans Cove for commuter, tourist and leisure purposes. Destinations include Port Arthur on the Tasman Peninsula, Peppermint Bay at Woodbridge, the eastern shore town centre of Bellerive, Wrest Point Casino in Sandy Bay, and Museum of Old and New Art in Berriedale.
Hobart has the second deepest natural port in the world, second to only Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. As a result, it sees an extensive cruise ship calendar, with approximately 30 ships berthing at Sullivans Cove between October and April each summer. Hobart has also hosted visiting US Navy ships.
Hobart serves as Australia's main sea link to Antarctica for the Australian Antarctic Division, headquartered in Kingston. Hobart is the home port to the Australian Icebreaker the Aurora Australis which serves the Australian Antarctic Territory during the summer months. Hobart is also home to the French ship L'Astrolabe, which makes regular supply runs to the French Southern Territories located around Antarctica.
Airports
Hobart International Airport, located in the eastern satellite suburb of Cambridge, Tasmania, is Tasmania's busiest airport. 3 airlines and approaching 2 million domestic passengers utilize the airport each year. The airport is a hub for Skytraders, which operates chartered flights to Antarctica.
Cambridge Aerodrome is situated in the same suburb and caters exclusively for general aviation and charter flights.
See also
Transport in Australia
References
The women's high jump event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 28 February.
Results
References
Final results
High jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
High
1998 in women's athletics
OK Motor Services was a bus company, which operated local and regional bus services in County Durham and Tyne and Wear, England. The company was purchased by the Go-Ahead Group in March 1995. Following rationalisation and rebranding, the OK Motor Services livery disappeared from the roads, as services were integrated with Go North East.
History
The company was founded on 6 April 1912 in Evenwood, near Bishop Auckland in County Durham, England, by Wade Emmerson. The first route ran from Bishop Auckland to Evenwood.
The original name was Gaunless Valley Motor Services, with the name OK Motor Services coming from a consortium of operators who started to run from the area to the Great North Exhibition in Newcastle, in the late-1920s. The name OK was used and means as it suggests – the service was "OK".
The first garage was located in Evenwood, near Bishop Auckland, with an office being opened within Bishop Auckland Town Hall during the early 1930s. The site of the main garage was acquired and developed during the 1930s in North Bondgate.
A further depot was opened at Heaton, with further depots at St Helen Auckland and Shotton Colliery acquired, along with the business of F Lockey & Sons.
During the early 1980s, the company replaced OK Motor Services name with OK Travel, and introduced a simplified version of the eye-catching livery of dark red, light red and cream.
After deregulation, the company acquired two further depots. A depot at Team Valley was acquired to replace Heaton, with a further depot constructed in Peterlee, as a replacement for that at Shotton Colliery.
Takeover by Go-Ahead Group
Go-Ahead Group had already made approaches to Wade Emmerson Sr., who ran the business, but the shareholders had no interest in selling it. However, Go-Ahead was advised that if the business did become available for sale, they would be given the first refusal.
Wade Emmerson Sr. died unexpectedly in August 1994. Wade Emmerson Jr., the company's majority shareholder, was approached by Go-Ahead, which expressed its continued interest in acquiring the business. They were also approached by other operators, including Northumbria Motor Services, but decided to enter detailed negotiations only with Go-Ahead. In March 1995, Go-Ahead Group acquired OK Motor Services for £5.4 million.
Following the acquisition, many of OK's staff, including the general manager, Charles Marshall, became employees of Go-Ahead. OK initially became one of Go-Ahead's locally managed subsidiaries, with Marshall remaining in charge. Go-Ahead later took steps to streamline the business, with several of the group's earlier acquisitions transferred to OK. However, the local identities were soon abandoned, and the OK name disappeared.
The garage at Bishop Auckland was demolished, following closed by Go North East in March 2006, with a limited number of services transferred to Go North East's depot at Chester-le-Street, with most local services transferring to Arriva North East.
A brief revival
On 23 January 2012, the OK Motor Services brand was briefly revived by Go North East, following the introduction of new services OK Way 18, which ran between Coundon and Tindale Crescent, and OK Expressway OK1, which ran between Crook, Bishop Auckland and Darlington.
On 10 August 2013, Go North East withdrew service OK1, as a result of a fall in passenger numbers towards the end of its 18-month trial. Service 18 was withdrawn in May 2019, with the route subsequently covered by an extension of service X21 from Newcastle, Chester-le-Street and Durham.
Preservation
In November 2007, a new OK Motor Services Ltd was formed at Companies House. The company remained dormant under the original owner but was acquired on 21 October 2014 by Tim Phillips, who had also previously formed a new OK Travel Ltd on 30 October 2012, under a different company number. Tim Phillips had acquired for restoration a Leyland Tiger (LFT 5X), originally purchased by OK Motor Services, with the company awarded an operator's license on 25 May 2016.
Operations
Depots
The company formerly operated from the following depots across the region: Bishop Auckland, Heaton, Peterlee, Shotton Colliery and Team Valley.
Fleet
By 1994, the company operated 212 vehicles, with an average fleet age of about 11 years. In the preceding year, the company had bought a total of 47 brand-new vehicles.
Notes
References
External links
1912 establishments in England
Former bus operators in Tyne and Wear
Michel-Maurice-Augustin-Marie Darmancier (born in 1918 in Izieux) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wallis et Futuna. They were appointed bishop in 1961. They died in 1984.
References
1918 births
1984 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Wallis et Futuna
Michele Camporese (; born 19 May 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for club Reggina.
Club career
Born in Pisa, Tuscany, Camporese is a product of Fiorentina's youth system. They made their debut for the Viola in the Coppa Italia tie against Empoli on 26 October 2010, replacing Alessandro Gamberini in the 66th minute and played the whole extra time. Fiorentina won the match 1–0 assuring qualification to the successive round; Camporese was cautioned in the added time of second half. On 20 November 2010, they made their Serie A debut, replacing the injured Cesare Natali at half time in the match against Milan in San Siro. In the next match they replaced suspended Per Krøldrup as starting centre back, partnered with Alessandro Gamberini against Juventus. On 13 February 2011 they scored their first goal in Serie A in a match won 4–2 against Palermo.
In November 2011 they signed a new 5-year contract with La Viola.
On 13 July 2013, Fiorentina confirmed on their website that Michele Camporese had joined Cesena on a season-long loan.
On 25 July 2015, Camporese departed Fiorentina for Empoli after spending five seasons in Florence. It was confirmed by Empoli that they had agreed a contract until 30 June 2018.
On 18 July 2019, they signed a 2-year contract with Pordenone.
On 31 January 2022, Camporese moved on loan to Cosenza.
On 20 July 2022, they signed a three-year contract with Reggina.
International career
Camporese has played for every Italy's youth team level, except for the U-20. With the Italy U-17 team they capped twice at the 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship qualifying round and another two times in the elite round. In the final tournament, their only appearance arrived as a second half cameo in the semi-final defeat against Germany U-17. They then started all four matches in 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup, in which the Azzurrini bowed out from the competition after defeat against Switzerland in the quarter finals. With Italy U-19 they played all three matches of the 2011 UEFA U-19 Championship qualifiers.
Under the new regime of Ciro Ferrara, they received their first call-up for Italy U-21 in November 2010. They made their debut on 17 November 2010, replacing Riccardo Brosco in the first half of the friendly match, winning Turkey 2–1.
References
External links
FIGC National Teams Archive
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pisa
Association football central defenders
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
ACF Fiorentina players
A.C. Cesena players
S.S.C. Bari players
Empoli F.C. players
Benevento Calcio players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
Pordenone Calcio players
Cosenza Calcio players
Reggina 1914 players
Italy youth international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Footballers from Tuscany
McLuney is an unincorporated community in Perry County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
McLuney was founded in 1855, and named after nearby McLuney Creek. A post office called McLuney was established in 1887, and remained in operation until 1941.
Notable person
John Wesley Iliff, a Colorado rancher, was born at McLuney in 1831.
References
Unincorporated communities in Perry County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
1855 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1855
Serenje District is a district of Zambia, located in Central Province. The capital lies at Serenje. As of the 2010 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 158,255 people. The district contains Lake Lusiwasi.
Serenje Solar Power Station, the largest solar power station in Zambia, as of July 2021 is under development in the district, by Ultra Green Corporation Zambia Limited, a 100 percent subsidiary of Ultra Green Corporation Inc., an independent power producer, based in the United States.
References
Districts of Central Province, Zambia
Proletarskyi District () is an urban district of the city of Donetsk, Ukraine.
Created in 1937 as Budonivskyi District, in 1958 it was renamed into the Proletarskyi District. In 1980 some of its territories were transferred to another Budonivskyi District. "Proletarskyi" means "proletarian".
External links
Proletarskyi District at the Mayor of Donetsk website
Proletarskyi District at the Uzovka website
Urban districts of Donetsk
Richard Pendlebury (1847, Liverpool – 1902) was a British mathematician, musician, bibliophile and mountaineer.
Educated at Liverpool College, they went up to St John's College, Cambridge in 1866 and graduated senior wrangler in 1870: they were then elected to a college fellowship. They were appointed University Lecturer in Mathematics in 1888. They collected early mathematical books and printed music, donating their collections to their college and university. Their presentation of a collection of music books and manuscripts to the Fitzwilliam Museum stimulated the formation of the Music Faculty at Cambridge University.
In 1872, along with the guide Ferdinand Imseng and other climbers, they made the first ascent of the Monte Rosa east face from Macugnaga.
References
Anna Pensaert, "The Pendlebury Library of Music", Cambridge University Libraries Information Bulletin (n.s.) 51 (Lent 2006)
External links
Richard Pendelbury at St John's College Library
1847 births
1902 deaths
19th-century English mathematicians
People educated at Liverpool College
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
English book and manuscript collectors
Senior Wranglers
The blue-whiskered tanager (Tangara johannae) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the Chocó of Colombia and Ecuador.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
blue-whiskered tanager
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
blue-whiskered tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
OPS 5114, also known as Navstar 4, GPS I-4 and GPS SVN-4, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1978 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme. It was the fourth of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
OPS 5114 was launched at 03:59 UTC on 11 December 1978, atop an Atlas F launch vehicle with an SGS-1 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 39F, and was originally built as an Atlas F. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3E at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Mission
OPS 5114 was placed into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor.
By 8 January 1979, OPS 5114 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.96 minutes, and 63.20° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 08 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 14 October 1989. On 20 February 1990, it was reactivated for further testing, before being deactivated again in May 1990.
See also
1978 in spaceflight
References
1978 in spaceflight
Spacecraft launched in 1978
GPS satellites
Gonogenia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Gonogenia atrata (Boheman, 1848)
Gonogenia endroedyi Basilewsky, 1980
Gonogenia immerita (Boheman, 1860)
Gonogenia oxygona (Chaudoir, 1844)
Gonogenia rugosopunctata (Thunberg, 1806)
Gonogenia spinipennis (Chaudoir, 1850)
Gonogenia tabida (Fabricius, 1793)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
HSI an initialism for Hudson Smith International, is an elite track and field training group and team centered on former UCLA coach John Walton Smith and sports agent/attorney Emanuel Hudson. The group was formed in 1996 after the former 1972 Olympian had led Quincy Watts and Kevin Young to 1992 Olympic gold medals.
Among the members of the group are Olympic medalists Maurice Greene, Ato Boldon, Allen Johnson, Tasha Danvers, Inger Miller, Jon Drummond and Dawn Harper. From its inception, the team dominated global sprinting events for a decade. Members of the team have combined to run world class relay marks under the HSI banner. Team members were known for their braggadocio or trash talking, but their accomplishments backed up their words.
As world record holder in the prestigious 100 metres, Greene was the most publicized of the athletes. Greene virtually ran the table of World Athletics Championships and Olympics in that event from 1997 to 2001, their closest competitor at that level frequently being Boldon. Johnson had a similar winning streak in the 110 metres hurdles between 1995 and 2003. The two combined for what might have been the greatest post race celebration stunt in 2004 at the Adidas Track Classic when Greene, coming back from injuries won their 100 metres race then took off their shoes as if they were on fire. With a national TV audience watching, Larry Wade then ran onto the track and put them out with a real fire extinguisher.
American members
Christian Coleman 2 World Championship Silver Medals, World Indoor Championship Gold Medal, World Indoor Record Holder for the 60 meter dash
Dalilah Muhammad Olympic Gold Medal, 2 World Championship Silver Medals
English Gardner 1 Olympic Gold Medal, 2 World Championship Silver Medals
Dawn Harper 2 Olympic medals, 1 gold, 2 World Championship Medals
Kristi Castlin 1 Olympic Bronze Medal
Michael Norman 2 World Junior Championship Gold Medals, World Indoor 400m Record Holder
Dezerea Bryant 1 World Championship Silver Medal
Jon Drummond 2 Olympic medals, 1 gold, 2 World Championship gold medals
Torri Edwards 1 Olympic medal disqualified due to Marion Jones, 4 World Championship medals, 2 gold
Kenneth Ferguson
Maurice Greene 4 Olympic medals, 2 gold, 5 World Championship gold medals, World record 100 metres
Regina Jacobs 2 World Championship silver medals
Allen Johnson Olympic gold medal, 5 World Championship medals, 4 gold
Lawrence Johnson Olympic silver medal
Inger Miller 1 Olympic gold medal, 5 World Championship medals, 3 gold but 1 disqualified due to Marion Jones
David Neville 2 Olympic medals, 1 gold
Jason Pyrah
Jason Richardson Olympic silver medal, World Championship gold medal
Quincy Watts 2 Olympic gold medals, 2 World Championship medals, 1 gold
Kevin Young Olympic gold medal while setting current World Record 400 metres hurdles, 1 World Championship gold medal
Leonard Scott World Indoor Championship Gold Medal
International members
The members of the training group were not limited to American athletes. Athletes from several countries trained together in Los Angeles.
Hussein Taher Al-Sabee
Hadi Soua'an Al-Somaily Olympic silver medal
Ato Boldon 4 Olympic medals, 4 World Championship medals, 1 gold
Emmanuel Callender 2 Olympic medals, 1 World Championship medal
Tasha Danvers 1 Olympic medal
Cathy Freeman trained with the group for a short period of time. 2 Olympic medals, 1 gold, 2 World Championship gold medals
Anju Bobby George first World Championship medal for India
Jehue Gordon 1 World Championship Gold Medal
Khalifa St. Fort 1 World Championship Bronze Medal
Martial Mbandjock
Pilar McShine
Jaysuma Saidy Ndure
Marie-José Pérec 3 Olympic gold medals, 2 World Championship gold medals
Mohammed Shaween
Richard Thompson 3 Olympic medals, 1 World Championship medal
Teddy Venel
Rhonda Watkins
External links
HSI promo video
French video report
Training demonstration
References
Running clubs in the United States
Track and field clubs in the United States
Sports teams in Los Angeles
Clubs and societies in the United States
Athletics clubs in the United States
Track and field in California
1996 establishments in the United States
Ethel Isabel Armitage (21 June 1873 – 17 October 1957) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. They were born in Salford, Greater Manchester. Armitage competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 6th place in the event with 582 points.
References
External links
Ethel Armitage's profile at Sports Reference.com
1873 births
1957 deaths
People from Salford
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
English female archers
Events from the 1520s in England.
Incumbents
Monarch – Henry VIII
Regent – Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk (starting 31 May, until 16 July 1520)
Parliament – Black (starting 15 April, until 13 August 1523), Reformation (starting 3 November 1529)
Events
1520
26–31 May – Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor visits King Henry VIII at Dover and Canterbury.
7–24 June – King Henry VIII and King Francis I of France meet at the Field of the Cloth of Gold.
1521
17 May – Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham, is executed for treason.
25 September – secret Treaty of Bruges signed by Emperor Charles V and Cardinal Wolsey agreeing to declare war on France in 1523.
11 October – Pope Leo X bestows Henry VIII with the title Defender of the Faith for their work Assertio Septem Sacramentorum (The Assertion of the Seven Sacraments) attacking the teachings of Martin Luther.
1522
Late May – England presents an ultimatum to France and Scotland.
19 June – Charles V visits England for six weeks and signs the Treaty of Windsor pledging a joint invasion of France, bringing England into the Italian War of 1521–1526. Henry VIII has the Round Table at Winchester Castle repainted with their own image for the visit.
July – the English army attacks Brittany and Picardy from Calais, burning and looting the countryside.
Muster rolls are compiled in the counties.
1523
April – Thomas More elected Speaker of the House of Commons.
Thomas Howard raids Scotland, sacking Kelso and Jedburgh.
Anthony Fitzherbert publishes , The Boke of Surveyinge and Improvements and The Boke of Husbandrie (the first work on agriculture published in England).
1524
25 May – Henry VIII and Charles V form an alliance to support Charles III, Duke of Bourbon in their dispute with Francis I of France.
Henry VIII receives a "box of marmalade" from Mr Hull of Exeter.
1525
June – the Amicable Grant, a form of poll tax imposed without the consent of Parliament, abandoned.
16 June – Henry VIII creates their 6-year old illegitimate son Henry Fitzroy Duke of Richmond and Somerset.
July – Wolsey founds Cardinal College, Oxford.
14 August – peace is agreed between England and France.
24–25 December – English Reformation: Robert Barnes preaches an openly evangelical sermon at the church of St Edward King and Martyr, Cambridge, accusing the Catholic Church of heresy.
William Tyndale's New Testament Bible translation into English is made but printing in Cologne is interrupted by anti-Lutheran forces.
Hops first cultivated in Kent.
1526
Spring – William Tyndale's English translation of the Bible reaches England, printing having been completed in Worms, Germany (with other copies being printed in Amsterdam). In October, Cuthbert Tunstall, Bishop of London, attempts to collect all the copies in their diocese and burn them.
August–November – The first of several debasements of coinage, reducing the size of silver coins, and raising the value of the gold sovereign.
c. September – German artist Hans Holbein the Younger begins a two-year stay in England.
1527
30 April – by the Treaty of Westminster, Cardinal Wolsey signs an alliance between England and France.
17 May – Archbishop William Warham holds a secret inquiry into the legality of Henry's marriage to Catherine of Aragon.
Bishop Vesey's Grammar School, Sutton Coldfield, is founded by John Vesey, Bishop of Exeter; and Sir George Monoux College, Walthamstow, is founded as a grammar school by Sir George Monoux, draper and Lord Mayor of London.
1528
22 January – Henry VIII and Francis I of France declare war on Emperor Charles V.
March – trade suspended between England and the Netherlands because of the war with the Holy Roman Empire.
end May – the fourth major outbreak of the sweating sickness appears in London, rapidly spreading to the rest of England.
June – unrest in England caused by economic difficulties due to the war forces the government to seek a truce with the Empire.
June? – Cardinal Wolsey gives Henry the lease of Hampton Court Palace.
2 October – William Tyndale's The Obedience of a Christian Man (The Obedience of a Christen man, and how Christen rulers ought to govern) is printed in Antwerp for clandestine distribution in England.
St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, completed.
The King's School, Ipswich, is founded by Cardinal Wolsey.
1529
May–July – Wolsey presides over a legatine court at Blackfriars, London to rule on the legality of Henry's marriage to Catherine of Aragon.
27 August – Henry VIII accedes to the Treaty of Cambrai.
26 October – Cardinal Wolsey falls from power due to their failure to prevent Habsburg expansion in Europe and obtain a divorce for Henry VIII. Thomas More succeeds them as Lord Chancellor.
4 November–17 December – first sitting of the Reformation Parliament.
Aylesbury is made the county town of Buckinghamshire by the King.
Births
1520
13 September – William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley, statesman (died 1598)
1521
Anne Askew, Protestant martyr (died 1546)
John Aylmer, divine (died 1594)
Thomas Chaloner, statesman and poet (died 1565)
Philippe de Monte, composer (died 1603)
Thomas Wyatt the younger, rebel (died 1554)
1522
24 May – John Jewel, bishop (died 1571)
1524
Thomas Tusser, poet and farmer (died 1580)
1525
25 March – Richard Edwardes, choral musician, playwright and poet (died 1566)
25 September – Steven Borough, explorer (died 1584)
Edward Sutton, 4th Baron Dudley (died 1586)
1526
4 March – Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon (died 1596)
23 September – Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland, Lord Lieutenant of Nottinghamshire (died 1563)
1527
28 March – Isabella Markham, courtier (died 1579)
13 July – John Dee, mathematician, astronomer, and geographer (died 1608)
Lawrence Humphrey, clergyman and educator (died 1590)
1528
George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury, statesman (died 1590)
John Dudley, 2nd Earl of Warwick (died 1554)
1529
Henry Sidney, lord deputy of Ireland (died 1586)
Deaths
1521
17 May – Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham (executed) (born 1478)
22 October – Edward Poyning, Lord Deputy to King Henry VII of England (born 1459)
1522
25 February – William Lilye, classical scholar (born c. 1468)
6 April – Henry Stafford, 1st Earl of Wiltshire, nobleman (born 1479)
1523
24 May – Henry Marney, 1st Baron Marney, politician (born 1447)
October – William Cornysh, composer (born 1465)
Stephen Hawes, poet (born 1502)
1524
21 May – Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk, soldier and statesman (born 1443)
24 August – William Scott of Scott's Hall, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports (year of birth unknown)
20 December – Thomas Linacre, humanist and physician (born 1460)
1525
24 February – Richard de la Pole, last Yorkist claimant to the throne (killed in battle) (year of birth unknown)
22 July – Richard Wingfield, diplomat (born c. 1456)
1526
1 February – Charles Somerset, 1st Earl of Worcester (born 1460)
1527
May – Thomas Docwra, Grand Prior of the Knights Hospitaller (born 1458)
15 November – Catherine of York, aunt of Henry VIII (born 1479)
Jane Shore, mistress of King Edward IV of England (born c. 1445)
1528
5 October – Richard Foxe, churchman (born c. 1448)
1529
21 June – John Skelton, English poet (born c. 1460)
c. December – Richard Pynson, printer (born c. 1449 in Normandy)
References
Griffith may refer to:
People
Griffith (name)
Griffith (surname)
Griffith (given name)
Places
Antarctica
Mount Griffith, Ross Dependency
Griffith Peak (Antarctica), Marie Byrd Land
Griffith Glacier, Marie Byrd Land
Griffith Ridge, Victoria Land
Griffith Nunataks, Victoria Land
Griffith Island
Australia
Griffith, New South Wales, a city
City of Griffith, a local government area which includes Griffith, New South Wales
Griffith, Australian Capital Territory, a suburb of Canberra
Division of Griffith, a parliamentary electorate in Queensland
Canada
Griffith Island (Georgian Bay), Ontario
Griffith Island (Nunavut)
United States
Griffith Park, a public park in Los Angeles, California
Griffith, Indiana, a town and suburb of Chicago
Griffith Lake, Vermont
Griffith, Virginia, an unincorporated community
Griffith Peak, Nevada
Griffith Quarry, near Penryn, California
Education
Griffith Institute, Oxford, Great Britain
Griffith University, Queensland, Australia
Griffith College Dublin, a private college
Griffith College Cork, a private institution
Griffith College Limerick, a private school
Griffith High School, Griffith, New South Wales, Australia
Buildings
Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, California
Griffith Mansion, Cacheville, California
Griffith House (Aberdeen, Maryland)
Griffith Building, Newark, New Jersey
Griffith Stadium, sports stadium that once stood in Washington, D.C.
Griffith Barracks, Dublin, Ireland, a former military barracks
Other uses
Griffith baronets, two extinct titles
TVR Griffith, TVR Griffith 200, and TVR Griffith 400 sports cars
Griffith Laboratories, a manufacturer of food products based in Alsip, Illinois
Griffith (Berserk), one of main antagonists of the manga and anime Berserk
See also
Griffiths, a surname
Justice Griffith (disambiguation)
The 2003 Upper Austrian state election was held on 28 September 2003 to elect the members of the Landtag of Upper Austria.
The governing Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) remained the largest party in the face of a strong performance from the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ). The Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ), which had won over 20% in the previous election, lost more than half its vote share and fell to 8%; most of this flowed to the SPÖ. The FPÖ also lost both its state councillors. The Greens became the third largest party and won their first state councillor in Upper Austria. As the ÖVP and SPÖ won four each, the Greens held balance of power in the state government.
The ÖVP under Governor Josef Pühringer signed a working agreement with the Greens. This was the first ever ÖVP–Green coalition formed on a state level.
Background
The Upper Austrian constitution mandates that cabinet positions in the state government (state councillors, ) be allocated between parties proportionally in accordance with the share of votes won by each; this is known as Proporz. As such, the government is a perpetual coalition of all parties that qualify for at least one state councillor. Despite this, parties still establish formal coalitions to organise cabinet positions and ensure a Landtag majority for legislative purposes.
In the 1997 state election, the ÖVP and SPÖ suffered minor losses to the FPÖ and Greens, the latter of which entered the Landtag for the first time. The ÖVP won four state councillors, the SPÖ three, and the FPÖ two.
Electoral system
The 56 seats of the Landtag of Upper Austria are elected via open list proportional representation in a two-step process. The seats are distributed between five multi-member constituencies. For parties to receive any representation in the Landtag, they must either win at least one seat in a constituency directly, or clear a 4 percent state-wide electoral threshold. Seats are distributed in constituencies according to the Hare quota, with any remaining seats allocated using the D'Hondt method at the state level, to ensure overall proportionality between a party's vote share and its share of seats.
Contesting parties
The table below lists parties represented in the previous Landtag.
In addition to the parties already represented in the Landtag, one party collected enough signatures to be placed on the ballot.
Communist Party of Austria (KPÖ)
Results
Results by constituency
References
2003 elections in Austria
State elections in Austria
September 2003 events in Europe
Upper Austria
San Vidal (San Vitale) is a former church, and now an event and concert hall located at one end of the Campo Santo Stefano in the Sestiere of San Marco, where it leads into the campiello San Vidal, and from there to the Ponte dell'Accademia that spans the Grand Canal and connects to the Sestiere of Dorsoduro, Venice, Italy.
History
A church at the site was erected in the year 1084 by Doge Vitale Falier. This church was destroyed in 1105 by a major city fire. Reconstruction continued for centuries and was finished by the 16th century. But poor foundations led to a renewed reconstruction in the 17th century, using designs Antonio Gaspari. It was rebuilt in 1696 to honor the former Doge Francesco Morosini. On the facade (1734–37), designed by Andrea Tirali, are sculpted portraits of the Doge Carlo Contarini and their wife Paolina.
At present in 2022, the church is deconsecrated, and the chamber music group Interpreti Veneziani performs concerts at the church.
Interior
The main altarpiece is a San Vidal on Horseback with eight saints (1514) by Vittore Carpaccio; in the painting, four of the saints flank the saint on a white horse, while four are in the balconies above. The altar is flanked by two marble statues of the allegories of Faith (veiled) and Fortitude by Antonio Gai. The interior also houses an Immaculate Conception by Sebastiano Ricci, a Crucifixion and Apostles by Giulia Lama, a Trinity with Saints Peter and Francesco di Paola by Giovanni Antonio Pellegrini, and a Guardian Angel with St Anthony of Padua and St Cajetan of Thiene by Giovanni Battista Piazzetta.
Although there is no gravestone, the famous composer Baldassarre Galuppi is buried here. Their funeral was held in the nearby church of Santo Stefano.
Restoration
San Vidal has a 29m (94ft) church bell tower, or campanile. It was a part of the original 1084 design and was rebuilt, as was the entire church, after a fire in 1105. It was restored again in 1347 and again in 1680. Evidence of these redesigns can be seen in the inclusion of a 12th Century cornice piece and a stone relief of St Gregory installed above a side door. Additional restoration work was done in 1902 and 2000.
Sources
Churches of Venice entry
Roman Catholic churches in Venice
Baroque architecture in Venice
11th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1696
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
1079 establishments in Europe
11th-century establishments in Italy
Samuel Robinson (1794–1884) was an English industrialist and scholar of Persian who founded the Dukinfield Village Library in 1833.
Robinson was a Unitarian, and is often called the "foremost promoter of education in the district" by the people of Dukinfield.
References
External links
1794 births
1884 deaths
19th-century English educators
English philanthropists
People from Dukinfield
19th-century British philanthropists
19th-century English businesspeople
Bonnie Mary is a 1918 British silent romance film directed by A. V. Bramble and starring Miriam Ferris, Lionel Belcher, and Arthur M. Cullin.
Premise
Two feuding Scottish families are united when their children fall in love.
Cast
Miriam Ferris - Mary Douglas
Lionel Belcher - Rob McAllister
Arthur M. Cullin - Andrew Douglas
Jeff Barlow - James McAllister
Elaine Madison - Jeannie Douglas
References
External links
1918 films
1910s romance films
Films set in Scotland
British silent feature films
Films directed by A. V. Bramble
British black-and-white films
British romance films
1910s English-language films
1910s British films
Yoshi's Island is a 1995 SNES video game by Nintendo. It may also refer to:
Yoshi's Island DS, a sequel to Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island developed by Artoon
Yoshi's New Island, a 2014 Nintendo 3DS video game developed by Arzest
1807 was the 21st season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). John Willes of Kent first tried to revive the idea of "straight-armed" (i.e., roundarm) bowling, which had originated with Tom Walker in the 1790s.
Honours
Most runs – William Lambert 355 (HS 110)
Most wickets – John Wells 24
Events
John Willes of Kent first tried to revive the idea of "straight-armed" (i.e., roundarm) bowling, which had originated with Tom Walker in the 1790s.
With the Napoleonic War continuing, loss of investment and manpower impacted cricket and only 7 first-class matches have been recorded in 1807:
18–19 May: MCC v Middlesex @ Lord's Old Ground
25–26 May: All-England v Hampshire @ Lord's Old Ground
2–3 June: MCC v All-England @ Lord's Old Ground
15–16 June: All-England v Hampshire @ Lord's Old Ground
22–24 June: Lord F Beauclerk's XI v T Mellish's XI @ Lord's Old Ground
29–30 June: All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
13 July: All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
Debutants
1807 debutants included:
John Bentley (Middlesex)
Noah Mann junior (MCC)
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1807 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
Ypsolopha elongata is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America, including Utah.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Norwegian Floorball Eliteserie is a Floorball championships.
History
The Norwegian Eliteserie League was founded in 1994 under the name Eliteserien ("The Elite Series").
Season structure
The season starts with a regular season with 22 matches per team, one home and one away against all teams. In the spring a play-off starts with the eight best teams from the regular season. The final is played in a random arena together with the women's Eliteserien final.
Current clubs
Sarpsborg
Greåker
Fjerdingby
Sveiva
Slevik
Gjelleråsen
Sagene
Nor 92
Harstad
Tunet
Kverneland
Fredrikstad
External links
Floorball in Norway
Sports leagues in Norway
1994 establishments in Norway
Sport leagues established in 1994
The 2012 United States House of Representatives elections in Ohio were held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012 to elect the 16 U.S. representatives from the state of Ohio, a loss of two seats following the 2010 United States Census. The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election and an election to the U.S. Senate.
Overview
Redistricting
The redistricting process was formally begun by a legislative panel on June 16, 2011. A proposal released in September 2011 would create 12 districts favoring Republicans and four which favored Democrats. In the proposal, one district which favored Republicans would be effectively eliminated, and the homes of six of the state's incumbents would be drawn into districts also containing the homes of other incumbents. The map was passed by the Ohio House of Representatives on September 15 and by the Ohio Senate on September 21. The bill passed by the Senate included an appropriations provision intended to prevent the bill from being placed on the 2012 ballot by petition and was passed again by the House the same day. Governor John Kasich signed the bill into law on September 26.
On September 28, the Ohio Democratic Party had filed suit in the Ohio Supreme Court, seeking a ruling on the legality of the Senate's addition of an appropriations provision. On October 14, the Supreme Court ruled that a referendum on the map could go ahead. Ohioans for Fair Districts, the group calling for a referendum, asked the court to restart the 90-day time limit for the collection of signatures; a request the court declined, meaning the 90-day period would begin on September 26 rather than October 14. Chris Redfern, the chair of the Ohio Democratic Party, vowed to collect enough signatures to place the map on the ballot.
If the map had received 66 votes in the House of Representatives, an emergency clause preventing a referendum from being held would have been invoked. As a result, in October 2011 Republicans sought the support of African American Democrats for an alternative map. Later that month members of the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus met with Redfern, indicating they would not immediately seek to compromise with Republicans; however on October 31 Bob Bennett, the former chair of the Ohio Republican Party appointed by House Speaker William G. Batchelder to negotiate an alternative map, said they thought the two parties were close to reaching an agreement.
On November 3, Batchelder brought a slightly modified map to the floor of the House of Representatives. However, the House fell eight votes short of the 66 needed to bring the map up for a vote without a committee hearing having been held.
Later in November, Ohio Democratic Party communications director Seth Bringman said the referendum effort had surpassed 100,000 signatures and aimed to have collected the over 230,000 signatures necessary by December 23. However, a lack of funds prevented Ohioans for Fair Districts from hiring professional signature gatherers and necessitated the exclusive use of volunteers. Redfern said in December 2011 that Democrats might return to the Supreme Court to request that it reconsider its decision on the 90-day time limit. If the signature-gathering effort had failed, an amendment to the Ohio Constitution requiring compact and competitive districts could have been sought. If the Democratic Party failed to collect enough signatures, the original map would have taken effect on Christmas Day 2011.
On December 14, 2011, the House of Representatives and Senate both passed a new map, effectively resolving the situation.
District 1
Ohio's 1st congressional district has been represented by Republican Steve Chabot, who previously served from 1995 until 2009, since January 2011. Chabot sought and won re-election in 2012.
Jeff Sinnard defeated Malcolm Kantzler by a scant 56 votes for the Democratic nomination (the reference footnote 19 provides only the unofficial, election night final tally). This was Kantzler's first run for public office, while Sinnard unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination in the 2nd district in 2005 and 2006. State representative Connie Pillich, who had considered seeking the Democratic nomination in either the 1st or 2nd district, did not run.
Rich Stevenson ran as the Green Party nominee. Jim Berns defeated Queen Noble for the Libertarian Party nomination.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 2
Republican Jean Schmidt represented Ohio's 2nd congressional district from 2005 until January 3, 2013. Brad Wenstrup, a podiatrist and U.S. Army veteran who unsuccessfully ran for mayor of Cincinnati in 2009; Tony Brush; Joe Green, who ran as a write-in candidate; Fred Kundrata; and Schmidt sought the Republican nomination. Wenstrup upset Schmidt to win the nomination.
William R. Smith won the Democratic primary against David Krikorian, who challenged Schmidt in 2008 and 2010. Krikorian said in October 2011 that if they did not receive the support of the Democratic Party they would run as an independent candidate but did not. State representative Connie Pillich, who had considered seeking the Democratic nomination in either the 1st or 2nd district, did not run.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 3
The new 3rd district is based in Columbus. Joyce Beatty, a vice president of the Ohio State University and former minority leader of the Ohio House of Representatives, won the Democratic nomination. They defeated state representative Ted Celeste; former U.S. Representative Mary Jo Kilroy, who represented the 15th district from 2009 until January 2011; and Columbus city council member Priscilla R. Tyson Michael Coleman, the mayor of Columbus, did not run.
Chris Long, a member of the Reynoldsburg city council, won the Republican nomination.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 4
Republican Jim Jordan has represented Ohio's 4th congressional district since 2007. Jordan sought re-election in 2012.
Jim Slone, a former General Motors employee, won the Democratic nomination without opposition.
Chris Kalla ran as the Libertarian Party nominee.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 5
Republican Bob Latta, who has represented Ohio's 5th congressional district since 2007, sought re-election in 2012. They defeated Robert Wallis in the Republican primary.
Angela Zimmann won the Democratic nomination without opposition.
Eric Eberly ran as the Libertarian Party nominee.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 6
Republican Bill Johnson, who has represented Ohio's 6th congressional district since January 2011, sought re-election in 2012. They defeated Victor Smith in the Republican primary.
Former U.S. Representative Charlie Wilson won the Democratic nomination. They previously represented the 6th district from 2007 until 2011. Wilson defeated Cas Adulewicz. John Boccieri, who represented the 16th district from 2009 until 2011, did not run.
Primary results
General election
Polling
Results
District 7
Republican Bob Gibbs, who has represented Ohio's 18th congressional district since January 2011, won the Republican nomination in the new 7th district. They defeated pastor Hombre Liggett.
Joyce R. Healy-Abrams, the sister of Canton mayor William J. Healy II, won the Democratic nomination. Joseph Liolios had also planned to run, but failed to refile after the Ohio General Assembly modified some districts' boundaries and moved the date of the primary. John Boccieri, who represented the 16th district from 2009 until 2011, will not run. Political consultant Bill Burges suggested in September 2011 that Democratic U.S. Representative Betty Sutton, who has represented the 13th district since 2007, may seek re-election in the 7th district; however in December 2011 they announced plans to run in the 16th district.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 8
Ohio's 8th congressional district has been represented by Republican John Boehner, the Speaker of the House, since 1991. Boehner sought re-election in 2012. David Lewis, a pro-life and Tea Party activist, unsuccessfully challenged Boehner in the Republican primary.
No Democrat filed to challenge Boehner.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 9
Democratic U.S. Representatives Marcy Kaptur, who has represented Ohio's 9th congressional district since 1983; and Dennis Kucinich, who represented Ohio's 10th congressional district from 1997 until January 3, 2013 and had considered seeking re-election in Washington or in the 11th district, sought re-election in the 9th district. Graham Veysey, who runs a video production company, also sought the Democratic nomination. Kaptur defeated Kucinich and Veysey in the primary.
Steven Kraus, an auctioneer, and Samuel "Joe the Plumber" Wurzelbacher both sought the Republican nomination; Wurzelbacher won. Both Democratic and Republican primaries were held on March 6, 2012.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 10
Republican U.S. Representative Mike Turner, who has represented Ohio's 3rd congressional district since 2003, sought re-election in the new 10th district in 2012. John D. Anderson and Edward Breen also unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination. Steve Austria, who is also a Republican and has represented the 7th district since 2009, had also been expected to run, but announced in December 2011 that they would retire rather than seek re-election.
Six candidates qualified for the ballot in the Democratic primary. Sharen Neuhardt won the March primary with a plurality of 36% of the vote.  They are an attorney and was the 2008 nominee for congress in Ohio's 7th congressional district, held by Republican Steve Austria. They defeated their 58%-42% in a district McCain won 54%-45%. They underperformed Obama three points. However, this district McCain won 50%-49%.
David Harlow is the Libertarian nominee.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 11
Ohio's 11th congressional district has been represented by Democrat Marcia Fudge since 2008. Fudge sought re-election in 2012. Gerald Henley, a former member of the Cleveland school board who unsuccessfully ran for the Cuyahoga County Council as an independent in 2010; Marie Jefferson; and Isaac Powell, who unsuccessfully challenged Fudge in the 2008 and 2010 Democratic primaries, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination. U.S. Representative Dennis Kucinich, who has represented the 10th district since 1997 and had considered seeking re-election in the 11th district, instead ran in the 9th district; while state senator Nina Turner, who had planned to challenge Fudge in the Democratic primary, announced in December 2011 that they would not run. Turner considered run as an independent candidate, but instead elected to remain in the State Senate.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 12
Ohio's 12th congressional district has been represented by Republican Pat Tiberi since 2001. Tiberi sought re-election in 2012. They defeated William Yarbrough to win the Republican nomination.
Doug Litt, who is employed by Spherion Staffing at Gorman-Rupp and unsuccessfully ran for Congress in the 4th district in 2010; and James Reese sought the Democratic nomination. Reese won the nomination with nearly 70% of the vote.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 13
Democrat Betty Sutton, who has represented Ohio's 13th congressional district since 2007, sought re-election in the new 16th district in 2012. Tim Ryan, who has represented the now-defunct 17th district since 2003, ran unopposed for the Democratic nomination in the new 13th district. John Stephen Luchansky and Lisa Regula Meyer had also filed to seek the Democratic nomination, however both failed to refile after the Ohio General Assembly modified some districts' boundaries and moved the date of the primary.
Pediatrician Marisha Agana ran unopposed for the Republican nomination.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 14
Republican Steve LaTourette, who had represented Ohio's 14th congressional district since 1995, was expected to seek re-election (and ran unopposed in the party primary), but announced on July 31, 2012 that they were retiring at the end of the term. They officially withdrew from the ballot on August 8, allowing the party chairpeople from the seven counties in the district to select a replacement nominee.
Geauga County Prosecutor David Joyce was chosen as the Republican nominee. Other possible replacements that had been mentioned include Willoughby-Eastlake School Board member Paul Brickner; former state Senator Kevin Coughlin; Lake County Judge Vince Culotta; former state Representative Matt Dolan; former state Senator Tim Grendell; state Senator Frank LaRose; Cuyahoga County Councilman Jack Schron; and, state Representative Ron Young.
Dale Virgil Blanchard, an accountant and perennial candidate, received the Democratic nomination unopposed.
Elaine Mastromatteo ran as the Green Party nominee. David Macko ran as the Libertarian Party nominee.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 15
Republican Steve Stivers, who has represented Ohio's 15th congressional district since January 2011, sought re-election in 2012. Ralph Applegate and Charles Chope also unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination.
Pat Lang, the Athens city law director, defeated Scott Wharton, a farmer and pilot to win the Democratic nomination.
Primary results
General election
Results
District 16
Ohio's 16th congressional district has been represented by Republican Jim Renacci since January 2011. Renacci sought re-election 2012.
Democratic U.S. Representative Betty Sutton, who had represented the 13th district since 2007, ran in the new 16th district in 2012. Former U.S. Representative John Boccieri, a Democrat who represented the district from 2009 until 2011, did not run.
Jeffrey Blevins, a restaurant manager who unsuccessfully ran as the Libertarian Party nominee in 2010, ran again but withdrew on August 23, 2012.
Primary results
General election
Polling
Results
References
External links
Elections from the Ohio Secretary of State
United States House of Representatives elections in Ohio, 2012 at Ballotpedia
Ohio U.S. House at OurCampaigns.com
Campaign contributions for U.S. Congressional races in Ohio at OpenSecrets
Outside spending at the Sunlight Foundation
Ohio
2012
2012 Ohio elections
Lorck is a Norwegian and Danish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anna Lorck, New Zealand politician
Carl Lorck (1829–1882), Norwegian painter
Melchior Lorck (c.1526–c.1583), Danish-German painter, draughtsman, and printmaker
See also
Lorch (disambiguation)
Norwegian-language surnames
Danish-language surnames
Stephanie Eggink (born July 12, 1988) is an American mixed martial artist, who currently competes in the Strawweight division of the all-female promotion Invicta FC. A professional competitor since 2011, Eggink holds a record of 4–3, and is the former XFC Strawweight Champion.
Mixed martial arts career
Amateur career
Eggink had their first amateur mixed martial arts bout on July 2, 2010, when they faced Jillian Lybarger at Tuff-N-Uff: Tough Girls. They won the bout via third round triangle choke. Following this, Eggink would go 3–1 as an amateur, and also unsuccessfully challenged for the Amateur Tuff-N-Uff Flyweight Championship, losing the championship bout against Jenny Yum via split decision. They would turn professional in early 2011. In March 2012, they suffered a humiliating loss to Kaline Medeiros after getting knocked out just seven seconds into the fight. Eggink suffered a Level 4 concussion and was unable to create new memories for a day.
Xtreme Fighting Championships
After a 1–1 stint on the regional circuit, Eggink signed with Florida based promotion Xtreme Fighting Championships. Eggink faced Heather Clark in their debut at XFC 21: Night of Champions 2 on December 7, 2012. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
In their second bout with the promotion, Eggink faced Brianna Van Buren at XFC 23: Louisville Slugfest on April 19, 2013. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
For their next bout in the promotion, they challenged Angela Magaña for the XFC Strawweight Championship at XFC 25: Boiling Point on September 6, 2013. They won the championship fight via second round triangle choke.
Invicta FC
Following their impressive championship win, Eggink would vacate the XFC Strawweight Championship and subsequently signed with the all-female promotion Invicta FC. They faced Katja Kankaanpää for the vacant Strawweight Championship at Invicta FC 8: Waterson vs. Tamada on September 6, 2014. Eggink lost the bout via fifth round D'Arce choke, and both fighters would earn Fight of the Night honors for their efforts.
Eggink was expected to face Alexa Grasso at Invicta FC 16: Hamasaki vs. Brown on March 11, 2016. Grasso withdrew with an injury on March 2 and was replaced by Angela Hill. They lost the fight by a second-round technical knockout.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Invicta Fighting Championships
Fight of the Night (One time) vs. Katja Kankaanpää
Xtreme Fighting Championships
XFC Strawweight Championship (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 4–3
|Angela Hill
|TKO (punch)
|Invicta FC 16: Hamasaki vs. Brown
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:36
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 4–2
|Katja Kankaanpää
|Submission (D'Arce choke)
|Invicta FC 8: Waterson vs. Tamada
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|2:03
|Kansas City, Missouri, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 4–1
|Angela Magaña
|Submission (triangle choke)
|XFC 25: Boiling Point
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:10
|Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 3–1
|Brianna Van Buren
|Decision (unanimous)
|XFC 23: Louisville Slugfest
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Louisville, Kentucky, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 2–1
|Heather Clark
|Decision (unanimous)
|XFC 21 - Night of Champions 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Nashville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 1–1
|Kaline Medeiros
|KO (punch)
|EB: Beatdown at 4 Bears 10
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:07
|New Town, North Dakota, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 1–0
|Trisha Clark
|Submission (armbar)
|Crowbar MMA: Rumble at the Fair
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:21
|Grand Forks, North Dakota, United States
|
|-
References
External links
1988 births
Sportspeople from Miami
Living people
American female mixed martial artists
Flyweight mixed martial artists
Strawweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from Florida
21st-century American women
Fay Foster (November 8, 1886 – April 17, 1960) was an American composer and teacher.
Biography
Foster was born in Leavenworth, Kansas on November 8, 1886. They studied under the W.H. Sherwood, Gleason, and Mme. Boitte at the Chicago Conservatory, then later under H. Schwartz at the Munich Conservatory, and finally under A. Reisenauer and S. Jadassohn at the Leipzig Conservatory.
Foster taught at the Ogontz School, Rydall, and in New York, San Francisco, and Berlin. They were a member of the Society of American Women Composers.
In 1910, their waltz "Prairie Flowers" won the International Waltz Competition in Berlin. They won first place in the American Composers Competition in 1913. Them song "Are You For Me or Against Me?" won a prize in 1919 from the New York American, a competition with over 10,000 applicants. Foster was the only woman composer to win a prize. Them song "The Americans Come (An Episode in France in the Year 1918)" was named "her greatest contribution" in the 1924 publication Biographical Cyclopedia of American Women. Author Richard Rubin wrote that Foster "was a musician of some repute".
Compositions
Below is a non-comprehensive list of Foster's compositions.
References
1886 births
1960 deaths
American women educators
American women composers
20th-century American composers
People from Leavenworth, Kansas
Musicians from Kansas
20th-century American women musicians
20th-century women composers
Air Juan Aviation, Inc., operating as Air Juan, (IATA Code: AO) is a registered scheduled and non-scheduled domestic airline operating in the Philippines with bases in Manila, Puerto Princesa and Cebu. It is the first commercial seaplane operator in the Philippines.
Air Juan is also the only airline company that offers flights to and from Manila outside the heavily congested Ninoy Aquino International Airport as all its seaplane flights arrive and depart from the Air Juan Seaplane Terminal located within the Cultural Center of the Philippines Complex in Pasay, Metro Manila. Aside from its seaplane operations, the company also has in its fleet helicopters, business jets, and propeller planes for commuter air services in Palawan, Caticlan, and Iloilo.
History
Air Juan started operating private charter services in 2012, and scheduled flight services from Puerto Princesa to Cuyo Island, Coron, and Caticlan in 2016. Most recently, Air Juan started operating scheduled seaplane services from Manila to Puerto Galera, Subic, Busuanga Bay, and Boracay without passing through domestic airports as the aircraft flies its passengers directly to the hotels or resorts.
Expansion
In 2017, Air Juan announced that it is expanding its seaplane operations and will soon offer flights from Manila to Marinduque, Baler, and Balesin Island resort, though it is uncertain whether it will be a regularly scheduled flight or just through charters. Its Palawan operations have expanded to include Iloilo and Caticlan services from Cuyo Island. In June 2017, Air Juan started operating land planes out of Mactan-Cebu International Airport offering services to Tagbilaran City of Bohol, Siquijor, Biliran, Maasin, Sipalay, and Bantayan Island. In March 2018, Air Juan began commercial flights between Cebu City and Catbalogan City, Samar's capital.
Cebu
In Cebu, the seaplane base has been set up within Pond F of SRP (South Road Properties).
At the start of 2018, the seaplane service starts operating from Cebu.
Fleet
AirJuan is the first Philippine carrier to operate a multi-aircraft system as well as seaplanes that allows the airline to offer a wide range of services from business to commuter purposes. The airline operates the following aircraft as of 2017:
Fixed wing aircraft:
Cessna Grand Caravan
EX
Amphibian
Helicopters:
Bell 429
Bell 407
References
Sources
External links
Official website
IATA code search
Airlines of the Philippines
Airlines established in 2012
Companies based in Bonifacio Global City
Seaplane operators
Philippine companies established in 2012
Jesús de Aragón (1893-1973) was a Spanish writer of works in the fantasy and science fiction genres, sometimes with a gothic flair.  They are often called the "Spanish Jules Verne" because of some thematic similarities they had with the French author, though Aragón's actual style was more heavily pulp-like, influenced by American pulps via Spanish-language translations of American series like The Shadow and Doc Savage books.
Early life
Aragón was born in 1893 in Valsain, Spain. When Aragón was six years old, their father died, after which the family moved to Madrid. As a young man, Aragón was known to have beautiful handwriting, and found work as a professional scribe, copying whole books by hand. They went to college and studied to be a railway engineer.
Writing career
In the 1920s, Aragón started writing articles for a small newspaper in Madrid, which were modestly successful.
In 1924, these articles brought them to the attention of a book editor who hired them to work on the manuscript for The Tower of the Seven Hunchbacks by Spanish novelist Emilio Carrere (which would later go on to become a film of the same name). The contract was ostensibly for error correction, though many believe that the novel had not been finished by Carrere -- especially as the novel is mostly a cobbling together of previously written short stories by Carrere -- and that substantial portions of it were in fact written by Aragón.
While Aragón wouldn't be credited for any creative work on the novel, this would still lead them to their own publishing contract, and in that same year they wrote two novels of their own in quick succession: Viaje al fondo del océano (Journey to the bottom of the ocean) and Cuarenta mil kilómetros a bordo del aeroplano "Fantasmo" (Forty Thousand Kilometers Aboard the Airplane Fantasma). As might be suggested by their titles, these works were somewhat derivative of two Jules Verne novels, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Seas and Around the World in Eighty Days, respectively, as well as other elements of Verne's Voyages extraordinaires.
They began working for the Spanish utility Fábrica de gas de Madrid (or "Gasómetro"), but still supplemented their income with writing work, sometimes publishing pulp stories under the pen name “Captain Sirius” -- with martial-sounding pen names being common under fascist Francoist Spain -- and sometimes writing academic textbooks on accounting under their own name.
Their next novel wouldn't be published until five years later, Los piratas del aire, a Yellow Peril novel in which a villainous man named Abdahalla-Fan, along with their gorilla henchman, pilots a dragon-shaped war zeppelin to threaten all of India.  They are defeated by the English hero Lord Ewerard Gleenmore.
They stopped writing in 1964, after which not much is known of them until their death in 1973. Several of their works were translated into French and Hungarian, but they have seldom, if ever, been translated into English.
Bibliography
1924: Cuarenta mil kilómetros a bordo del aeroplano "Fantasma".
1924: Viaje al fondo del océano.
1929: Los piratas del aire.
1929: Una extraña aventura de amor en la luna.
1929: Nuevos sistemas de partida doble.
1929: La ciudad sepultada.
1930: El continente aéreo.
1931: La sombra blanca de Casarás.
1931: De noche sobre la ciudad prohibida.
1933: La destrucción de la Atlántida.
1933: Los caballeros de la montaña.
1933: El demonio del Cáucaso.
1934: Los cuatro mosqueteros del Zar.
1934: Crepúsculo en la noche roja (continuación de Los cuatro mosqueteros del Zar).
1941: Contabilidad de los comerciantes y empresas individuales.
1942: Enciclopedia moderna de contabilidad.
1959: Enciclopedia de administración, contabilidad y organización de empresas.
1964: Tratado de contabilidad analítica: Teoría y práctica de los costes standard, adaptación a los sistemas de contabilidad español y americano.
References
1893 births
1973 deaths
20th-century Spanish writers
20th-century Spanish novelists
Spanish science fiction writers
Pseudonymous writers
Pulp fiction writers
Scythris hologramma is a moth in the family Scythrididae. It is found in Australia (including New South Wales).
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
hologramma
Coppers is a British fly-on-the-wall documentary television series broadcast on Channel 4, about policing in the United Kingdom. First broadcast on 1 November 2010, the series followed the day-to-day lives of police officers (colloquially known as 'coppers') from four territorial police forces around the country, covering various activities: custody suite operations, road unit policing, 999 response, night time policing and riot control.
A second and final series began on 9 January 2012 and ran for 8 episodes.
Concept
The premise of the series was presented by the producers as follows:
This referred to the impending cuts in police force budgets as a result of the 2010 Spending Review, the results of which were announced in October 2010, just before the show aired.
The series follows a reality television documentary style. Each episode features only a small amount of narration, and the majority of screen time is devoted to on location filming with interaction to camera from the police officers being filmed. This is supplemented with footage of officers talking to camera in a more formal setting, with minimal input by an interviewer. At the end of each episode, there is a summary of the outcome of the cases of many of the police officers and offenders featured.
Broadcast
The first series was broadcast as five one-hour episodes on Channel 4 on Monday nights in the 9 pm timeslot.
The second and final series was broadcast as eight one-hour episodes on Channel 4 on Monday nights in the 9 pm timeslot.
Episodes
Series 1
Series 2
See also
24 Hours in Police Custody
External links
Coppers at Channel 4
Coppers Series 1 at Blast! Films
Coppers Series 2 at Blast! Films
2010 British television series debuts
2012 British television series endings
2010s British documentary television series
2010s British crime television series
Channel 4 documentary series
Documentary television series about policing
English-language television shows
Law enforcement in England and Wales
John Gresham (1529 – c. 1586), of Mayfield, Sussex, North End, near Fulham, Middlesex and Bishopsgate Street, London, was an English Member of Parliament. They represented New Windsor in 1563, Horsham in 1571 and Newton in 1572.
References
1529 births
1586 deaths
People from Mayfield, East Sussex
People from Fulham
English MPs 1563–1567
English MPs 1571
English MPs 1572–1583
Taehŭng station is a railway station in Taehŭng 1-dong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened sometime after 1988 along with the rest of the Kŭmgol–Muhak section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Leslie Matthew "Matt" Heath is a New Zealand actor, producer, radio host, sports commentator, columnist and musician. They played Danny Parker on Back Of The Y Masterpiece Television and Dick Johansonson in the feature film The Devil Dared Me To. They were guitarist and singer for the 2000s band Deja Voodoo. They have worked on shows for MTV2 in the UK and appeared on Eating Media Lunch. Heath hosts the Matt and Jerry Breakfast Show with Jeremy Wells on Radio Hauraki. They have been a columnist for The New Zealand Herald since June 2014 and provides cricket commentary for The Alternative Commentary Collective. Matt runs the motion graphics company Vinewood Animation Studios with Philip Brough. In 2018, Heath co-hosted The Moment with Mike Lane on TVNZ Duke throughout the 2018 Commonwealth Games. Heath is the author of a cookbook titled "The Best of Leslie's Kitchen".
Personal life
Born on the 20th of April, they were given the first name Leslie as a tribute to their mother's favourite actor Leslie Nielsen. Co-host Jeremy Wells announced Heaths' legal name on the Hauraki Breakfast Show, prompting Heath to acknowledge while their birth certificate says Leslie, they go by the name Matt and would like an apology. As a result of this, several listeners of the breakfast show submitted parodied songs making fun of Heath's birth name.
In a Twelve Questions interview with the New Zealand Herald, Heath reveals their father Christopher Heath was in medicine, often referring to them as Doctor Heath during the Hauraki Breakfast radio show. Heath's mother taught languages at secondary level and they were the only boy in a family of 3 sisters.
Heath has two children with Lani Purkis (of the band Elemeno P), named Charlie and Barry Heath. They currently reside in the suburb of Mount Eden in Auckland. On 13 February 2018, Heath mentioned on the Matt and Jerry radio show that they had split from “the mother of their children”.
Television
Heath took part in series 2 of Taskmaster NZ. This had them again working with their radio colleague Wells.
References
External links
Vinewood Motion Graphics
The Alternative Commentary Collective
Matt Heath at NZ On Screen
Interview on Publicaddress.net
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand television personalities
New Zealand radio presenters
Radio Hauraki
Sabra is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Bill Mantlo and Sal Buscema, Sabra first appeared in Incredible Hulk #250 (August 1980) in a cameo, before making a full appearance in Incredible Hulk #256 (February 1981).
Sabra is the alter ego of the Israeli superhero Ruth Bat-Seraph (), a mutant who possesses superhuman abilities, and serves as an agent to the Israeli secret service known as the Mossad.
Sabra is slated to appear in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Captain America: New World Order (2024), portrayed by Shira Haas.
Publication history
Sabra made a cameo appearance in Incredible Hulk #250 (August 1980), but first fully appeared in Incredible Hulk #256 (February 1981). They were created by Bill Mantlo and Sal Buscema. Belinda Glass, a singer and the first wife of Marvel writer Mark Gruenwald, came up with the name and concept of the character. "Sabra" is a slang term for a native-born Israeli Jew; the name refers to the prickly pear cactus, which is tough on the outside but soft and sweet on the inside.
Fictional character biography
Ruth Bat-Seraph was born near Jerusalem, Israel. They were raised on a special kibbutz run by the Israeli government after their power manifested. Ruth was the first superhuman agent to serve with the Mossad (the Israeli secret service). They became a police officer in addition to serving as a government agent. Them first public act as Sabra was a battle with the Hulk, whom they mistakenly believed was working with terrorists. Not long after that, Sabra was chosen as a pawn of Death in the latter's game against the Grandmaster. There, they met Iron Man and the Arabian Knight, and battled She-Hulk and Captain Britain. They later appeared at the Hulk's amnesty ceremony in Washington, D.C. Some years later, Sabra's young son was killed in a terrorist attack. They disobeyed orders in order to bring their son's killers to justice.
Another dispute with the Hulk was intensified as Sabra's powers temporarily robbed them of their voice, making it seem as if they were still a near-mindless monster. They fought the Hulk, but the two worked through their differences and attempted to search for a child who was foretold to become a genocidal maniac, while contending with Achilles of the Pantheon, who was sent to kill the boy.
Later, during a peace process meeting, Sabra finds themselves fighting the New Warriors while under the mental influence of a mysterious, unexplained force. Some time after, Sabra finds themselves caught up in the events of the anti-mutant campaign known as "Operation: Zero Tolerance". It is at this time that Sabra fights alongside the X-Men and begins to subscribe to the philosophies of Charles Xavier. Sabra spends some time as a member of the X-Corporation's Paris branch. They accompany Xavier and other X-Men to Genosha after it was demolished by Sentinels.
During the JLA/Avengers crossover event they were seen holding the Wailing Wall together after Krona's attack cause earthquakes across the globe.
Sabra is one of a handful of mutants to have retained their powers after the effects of M-Day.  They are later seen, under request from the British government, aiding Union Jack against a terrorist attack on London. They come into conflict with the new Arabian Knight because of cultural differences, but they begrudgingly work together, paralleling their relationship with the first Arabian Knight during the Contest of Champions.
During the Civil War within the US superhero community over the Superhuman Registration Act, Sabra joins Bishop's government-sanctioned team that polices unruly mutants. Mossad assigns them to the force in exchange for intelligence and technology so Israel can enact its own registration program. Sabra is identified as pro-registration in the superhuman Civil War as one of the 142 registered superheroes under the Initiative.
During the events of Secret Invasion, Sabra is briefly seen fighting off Skrulls in Israel.
During the Ends of the Earth storyline, Sabra is one of the heroes that respond to Spider-Man's call for help against Doctor Octopus' satellite factories.  They are shown fighting through Octobots at a seemingly abandoned factory until being shot by Crossbones with a sniper rifle.
Sabra later represented the Israeli government when they attended Black Panther's meeting in the Eden Room of Avengers Mountain.
Powers and abilities
Sabra's mutant power has enhanced all of their body's physical abilities, such as strength, speed, agility, reflexes, endurance and stamina, to superhuman levels. They can withstand impacts up to high caliber rifle fire, though they have been wounded by fire from an MP-40 sub-machine gun. Sabra can heal regeneratively faster and more extensively than a regular human being.
 They are also able to charge other individuals by transferring to them their own life energy, and in the process, enhance their physical state of health (she has twice used this ability to save dying individuals) and granting them low-level super-powers, which are apparently at random and otherwise unrelated to Sabra's own mutant powers (such as the wind-generating powers given to a woman who took the costumed identity Windstorm). The recipient retains their new powers until Sabra themselves decides to withdraw them by retrieving their life energy. Them standard power levels drop when they give away their life energy (she has been shown losing up to half their natural physical power), but they return to normal once they take back their life energy.
Them various costumes, usually based on the design or colors of the Israeli flag, contain additional paraphernalia to enhance their combat capabilities. They wear a cape that contains a secret Israeli gravity-polarization device, which allows them to neutralize gravity's effect on their mass, and a tight array of four electric micro-turbines which impel air for sufficient thrust for inertia-less mass to fly at subsonic speeds. They wear special, pressure-reduction valve nose filters to allow them to breathe at high speeds and high altitudes. The cape also contains a wafer-thin computer system which processes their mental commands received by the circuitry in their tiara. The cape also has an optical navigation device which functions as an auto-pilot. Besides their cape, Sabra also has neuronic-frequency stunners built into their two wrist bracelets that shoot "energy quills", small bundles of low-density plasma (like balled lightning), that travel just below the speed of sound and paralyze the nervous system of any organic being almost instantaneously.
In addition to their superhuman abilities and equipment, Sabra possesses the standard weapons, and armed and unarmed-combat training given to members of the Israeli military.  They are trained in police methods and skills and in anti-terrorist techniques.
Reception
Critical reception
Brenton Stewart of CBR.com referred to Sabra as "one of Marvel's most prominent international heroes", while Nirit Anderman of Haaretz called Sabra "the first Israeli superhero".
Accolades
In 2019, Jewish Telegraphic Agency included Sabra in their "5 female Jewish superheroes everyone should know" list.
In 2019, The Times of Israel included Sabra in their "These 5 female Jewish superheroes are busting villains in a universe near you" list.
In 2021, CBR.com ranked Sabra 7th in their "10 Strongest Female Marvel Protagonists" list.
In 2022, CBR.com ranked Sabra 6th in their "Marvel's 10 Most Powerful Healers" list.
Other versions
House of M: Masters of Evil
In the "House of M" reality, Sabra is a member of the Red Guard and assists them in their fight against the Hood's Masters of Evil.
Ultimate Marvel
In the Ultimate Marvel reality, Sabra (under their real name) appears as a severed head on the wall of a hideout of the supervillain Doctor Faustus, along with the heads of agents from other intelligence agencies who were sent after him.
In other media
Sabra makes a cameo appearance in the Fantastic Four episode "Doomsday".
Sabra will appear in the upcoming Marvel Cinematic Universe film Captain America: New World Order, portrayed by Shira Haas.
References
External links
Characters created by Bill Mantlo
Characters created by Sal Buscema
Comics characters introduced in 1981
Fictional Israeli Jews
Fictional Jewish women
Fictional Jews in comics
Fictional Mossad agents
Fictional police officers in comics
Israeli superheroes
Jewish superheroes
Marvel Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics mutants
Marvel Comics female superheroes
Cognitive theory may refer to:
Cognitive psychology, the study of mental processes
Cognitive science
Theory of cognitive development, Jean Piaget's theory of development and the theories which spawned from it
Two-factor theory of emotion, another cognitive theory
The National Tsunami Warning Center (NTWC) forms part of an international tsunami warning system (TWS). It serves as the operations center for all coastal regions of Canada and the United States, except Hawaii, the Caribbean, and the Gulf of Mexico. Headquartered in Palmer, Alaska, it is operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
The NTWC detects and analyzes earthquakes worldwide, issuing warnings to local officials in the hazard zones about the advisability of evacuating low-lying coastal areas and moving ships to deep water.
History
Following the March 27, 1964 Alaska earthquake and tsunami, the NTWC (formerly known as The Palmer Observatory) was established in 1967 in Palmer, Alaska, under the auspices of the Coast and Geodetic Survey. This earthquake alerted State and Federal officials that a facility was necessary to provide timely and effective tsunami warnings and earthquake information to the coastal areas of Alaska. Congress provided funds in 1965 to construct two new observatories and establish a tsunami warning system in Alaska. The first observatory constructed was at the U.S. Naval Station on Adak Island in the Andreanof Islands in the Central Aleutians. The City of Palmer, in the Matanuska Valley 42 miles northeast of Anchorage, was selected as the site for the primary observatory due to its proximity to bedrock for instrumentation and to communications facilities. Construction of the observatory installations, the task of engineering and assembling the data systems, and the hookup of the extensive telecommunications and data telemetry network was completed in the summer of 1967. With the dedication of the Palmer Observatory on September 2, 1967, the Alaska Regional Tsunami Warning System (ARTWS) became operational.
Originally, the tsunami warning responsibility for Alaska was shared by the three observatories located at Palmer, Adak and Sitka. Sitka, a seismological observatory since 1904, and Fairbanks were the only two seismic stations operating in Alaska in 1964. The responsibilities of Adak and Sitka were limited to issuing a tsunami warning for events occurring within 300 miles of their location. In later years, the responsibility to provide tsunami warning services for Alaska was transferred from the Adak and Sitka observatories to the Palmer Observatory. Sitka and Adak Observatories were eventually closed in the early 1990s, although the seismic instrumentation is still maintained.
In 1973, the Palmer Observatory was transferred to the National Weather Service's Alaska Region and changed its name to Alaska Tsunami Warning Center (ATWC). In 1982, its area of responsibility (AOR) was enlarged to include the issuing of tsunami warnings to California, Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia for potential tsunamigenic earthquakes occurring in their coastal areas. In 1996, the responsibility was again expanded to include all Pacific-wide tsunamigenic sources that could affect the California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia and Alaska coasts, and the name was changed to the West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center (WC/ATWC) to reflect those new responsibilities.
In 2003, a new Tsunami Warning Center building was constructed in the yard of the original building. This new facility was the first LEED certified building in the state of Alaska, and within the U.S. Department of Commerce. LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certification is granted by the U.S. Green Building Council, and awards environmentally sensitive construction practices. This new facility provides upgraded power and communications capability, as well as office space for the expanded staff, assuring that the center will continue to provide quality products to the public well into the future.
Following the devastating Indian Ocean tsunami in late 2004, the WC/ATWC expanded its scope to the U.S. Atlantic coast, and the Atlantic coast of Canada. On 1 October 2013, the name was changed to the National Tsunami Warning Center (NTWC) to reflect this expanded geographical zone of responsibility.
Overview of operations
To accomplish its mission of providing accurate and timely tsunami bulletins to its area-of-responsibility (AOR) – which includes Canadian coastal regions, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and the ocean coasts of all U.S. States except Hawaii – the NTWC detects, locates, sizes, and analyzes earthquakes worldwide. Earthquakes that activate the Center's alarm system initiate an earthquake and tsunami investigation which includes the following four basic steps: automatic locating and sizing the earthquake; earthquake analysis and review; sea level data analysis to verify the existence of a tsunami and to calibrate models; and disseminating information to the appropriate emergency management officials.
Tsunami bulletins are issued to state/province departments of emergency services; federal disaster preparedness agencies; National Weather Service offices; Canada's Atlantic Storm Prediction Center; Federal Aviation Administration offices; the U.S. Coast Guard; military bases; local emergency managers; United States Geological Survey offices; and many other recipients located in the U.S. and Canada. Earthquakes large enough to be felt near the coast, but below the tsunami warning/watch/advisory threshold size, prompt informational statements to the same recipients as warnings to help prevent needless evacuations.
In addition to its basic functions, the Center conducts a community preparedness program intended to increase public awareness of the tsunami hazard and improve tsunami planning at the community level. The Center also actively pursues developmental projects which enhance tsunami warning operations.
The Center operates 24 hours every day with two watchstanders on duty. Center personnel are notified of activity by an alarm system which is activated by several methods:
Sustained, strong oscillatory motion at individual seismometers.
Activation by multiple earthquake arrivals observed in sectors of the globe within a specified time interval.
Activation by a real-time seismic processing system when an earthquake exceeds a predetermined magnitude threshold for various regions throughout the world.
Deep ocean tsunami sensor detection of an event.
Bulletins
Depending on the seismic data (Message Definitions), NTWC will issue the following types of bulletins:
Warning
A tsunami warning is issued when a tsunami with the potential to generate widespread inundation is imminent, expected, or occurring. Warnings alert the public that dangerous coastal flooding accompanied by powerful currents is possible and may continue for several hours after initial arrival. Warnings alert emergency management officials to take action for the entire tsunami hazard zone. Appropriate actions to be taken by local officials may include evacuating low-lying coastal areas, and moving ships to deep water when there is time to safely do so. Warnings may be updated, adjusted geographically, downgraded, or canceled. To provide the earliest possible alert, initial warnings are normally based only on seismic information.
Advisory
A tsunami advisory is issued when a tsunami with the potential to generate strong currents or waves dangerous to those in or very near the water is imminent, expected, or occurring. The threat may continue for several hours after initial arrival, but significant inundation is not expected for areas under an advisory. Appropriate actions to be taken by local officials may include closing beaches, evacuating harbors and marinas, and moving ships to deep water when there is time to safely do so. Advisories are normally updated to continue the advisory, expand/contract affected areas, upgrade to a warning, or cancel the advisory.
Watch
A tsunami watch is issued to alert emergency management officials and the public of an event which may later impact the watch area. The watch may be upgraded to a warning or advisory – or canceled – based on updated information and analysis. Therefore, emergency management officials and the public should prepare to take action. Watches are normally issued based on seismic information without confirmation that a destructive tsunami is underway.
Information statement
A tsunami information statement is issued to inform emergency management officials and the public that an earthquake has occurred, or that a tsunami warning, watch or advisory has been issued for another section of the ocean. In most cases, information statements are issued to indicate there is no threat of a destructive tsunami and to prevent unnecessary evacuations as the earthquake may have been felt in coastal areas. An information statement may, in appropriate situations, caution about the possibility of destructive local tsunamis. Information statements may be re-issued with additional information, though normally these messages are not updated. However, a watch, advisory or warning may be issued for the area, if necessary, after analysis and/or updated information becomes available.
This definition applies to Mass News Dissemination Product Types, Tsunami Information Statements, and Tsunami Seismic Information Statements.
Cancellation
A final product indicating the end of the damaging tsunami threat. A cancellation is usually issued after an evaluation of sea level data confirms that a destructive tsunami will not impact the warning, advisory, or watch area.
Deep-ocean tsunami detection
In 1995, NOAA began developing the Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis (DART) system. By 2001, an array of six stations had been deployed in the Pacific Ocean.
Beginning in 2005, as a result of the tsunami caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, plans were announced to add 32 more DART buoys to be operational by mid-2007.
These stations give detailed information about tsunamis while they are still far off shore. Each station consists of a sea-bed bottom pressure recorder (at a depth of 1000–6000 m) which detects the passage of a tsunami and transmits the data to a surface buoy via acoustic modem. The surface buoy then radios the information to the NTWC via the GOES satellite system. The bottom pressure recorder lasts for two years while the surface buoy is replaced every year. The system has considerably improved the forecasting and warning of tsunamis in the Pacific Ocean.
References
External links
Operation manual
Pacific Tsunami Warning Center
Pacific Tsunami Warning System webpage
DART system homepage
1967 establishments in Alaska
Buildings and structures completed in 1967
Buildings and structures completed in 2003
Buildings and structures in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska
Disaster preparedness in the United States
Government agencies established in 1967
Science and technology in Alaska
Scientific organizations established in 1967
Seismological observatories, organisations and projects
Tsunami
Warning systems
Water in Alaska
The Lafnitz () is a river in southeastern Austria and (briefly) western Hungary.
The Lafnitz is long, and has a basin area of . It rises near the border of Styria and Lower Austria, and flows in a generally southeastern direction through the towns of Rohrbach an der Lafnitz, Lafnitz, Markt Allhau, Wolfau, Wörth an der Lafnitz, Neudau, Deutsch Kaltenbrunn, Rudersdorf, Königsdorf, and Heiligenkreuz im Lafnitztal, and it empties into the Rába less than a kilometer inside Hungary, in the town of Szentgotthárd. For much of its length it forms the border between Styria and Burgenland. Its largest tributary is the .
References
External links
Lafnitz - habitat cross-linking on an Alpine pannonical river, European Commission
Rivers of Styria
Rivers of Burgenland
Rivers of Hungary
Ramsar sites in Austria
Rivers of Austria
International rivers of Europe
The 2022 Judo Grand Slam Ulaanbaatar was held at the Steppe Arena in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, from 24–26 June 2022 at Steppe Arena. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, all of the other 31 Summer Olympic sports organizations other than the IJF have suspended Russian and Belarusian athletes from their competitions. But IJF President Marius Vizer, a long-time close friend of Russian President Vladimir Putin, wanted instead to let Russians and Belarusians continue to compete as neutral athletes. Ukraine boycotted the event because the Russian team was allowed to compete; Russia entered 24 competitors in the competition. Allowing Russians to compete went against the recommendation of the International Olympic Committee.
Event videos
The event aired on the IJF YouTube channel.
Medal summary
Men's events
Women's events
Medal table
Prize money
The sums written are per medalist, bringing the total prizes awarded to €154,000. (retrieved from: )
References
External links
2022 IJF World Tour
2022 Judo Grand Slam
IJF World Tour Ulaanbaatar
Judo
Judo competitions in Mongolia
Judo
Judo
Judo
Robert Benjamin Cohen (May 26, 1925 – February 1, 2012) was an American business person and founder of Hudson News, a chain of Newsstands and stores located primarily in American airports and train stations. Cohen grew the Hudson News into the world's largest airport newsstand retailer from a single location they opened in LaGuardia Airport in 1987. The Hudson News chain is now part of the larger Hudson Group retailer. There are approximately 600 Hudson News locations throughout the United States, as of 2012. Most are located in transportation hubs, including a 1,000-square-foot store in Grand Central Terminal in Manhattan.
Biography
Early life
Cohen was born in Bayonne, New Jersey, to Isaac and Lillian Goodman Cohen on May 26, 1925. Their father had previously run a newspaper delivery route and newsstand in Brooklyn, New York. In the early 1920s, Isaac Cohen founded a newspaper distributor, the Bayonne News Company. Robert Cohen earned their bachelor's degree from New York University (NYU) in 1947. Cohen played on the NYU Violets basketball team in college and their teammates included Dolph Schayes. In 1947, the same year that they earned their bachelor's degree, Cohen married their wife, the former Harriet Brandwein.
Newspaper and magazine distributorship
Cohen took control of their father's newspaper and magazine distribution company, the Hudson County News Company, shortly after graduation from NYU.
Cohen focused much of their career (prior to founding Hudson News) on the expansion of their newspaper distribution business, Hudson County News Company, into one of the largest of its kind in the United States. They served as president of Hudson County News Company. By the 1970s and 1980s, Cohen had grown the business into one of the largest magazine distributorships and wholesalers in the United States, focusing on the Boston and New York City metropolitan areas.
Cohen found themselves in legal trouble for business practices during the early 1980s. In 1981, Cohen pleaded guilty in federal court to paying Newspaper and Mail Deliverers Union officials $37,000 in exchange for favorable treatment in dealings between the union and their companies. They were fined $150,000 as part of the guilty plea.
Cohen acquired the Metropolitan News Company, the regional distributor of The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal in 1985 in a partnership with The New York Times. Cohen also acquired Newark Newsdealers which, again, was part of a partnership with The New York Times Company. Robert Cohen sold their interest of the distributorship and their companies to the New York Times Company in 1994.
Cohen owned Worldwide Media Service Inc., which is the largest newsstand distributor of American magazines outside of the United States, from 1985 until 2003.
Hudson News
During the mid-1970s, Robert Cohen's Hudson County News Company acquired a bankrupt newsstand at Newark International Airport, which marked their entrance into the retail sector. The newsstand had purchased magazines from Cohen's Hudson County News Company before it went into bankruptcy. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates Newark International Airport and other transit hubs in the New York City area, asked Cohen to take control of the airport newsstand when it closed.
At the time of the purchase in the 1970s, airport newsstands were described as very small, usually carrying only a limited selection of newspapers, magazines and other periodicals. Cohen envisioned a larger, more modern, well lit news stores to replace the tiny, dim newsstands and kiosks. In 1987, Cohen opened the first Hudson News store in LaGuardia Airport in New York City. Hudson News stores featured a wide selection of hundreds of domestic and foreign publications, whose covers were fully displayed, allowing customers to easily browse the selection. The stores featured bright, inviting lighting and wide aisles, in contrast to other, cramped airport newsstands. Cohen called the layout for their new Hudson News store a "new-concept newsstand." The La Guardia location became the model for future Hudson News locations.
Robert Cohen's son, James Cohen, succeeded their father as the president of the Hudson Group, which operates Hudson News. In 2008, Robert Cohen sold their majority stake in Hudson News to Dufry of Switzerland, one of the largest operators of duty-free stores in the world.
Personal life
Outside of business, Cohen took a keen interest in racehorses. Their best known horse, Hudson County, finished second in the Kentucky Derby in 1974, just behind race winner, Cannonade. Cohen had paid $6,700 for Hudson County before the Derby.
Robert Cohen died at the age of 86 at their home in Palm Beach, Florida, on February 1, 2012, of progressive supranuclear palsy, a neurological disorder. They were survived by their wife, Harriet; son, James; six grandchildren; and their sister, Rosalind Stone. They were predeceased by two children, gossip columnist Claudia Cohen and Michael Cohen, who died in 1997. A memorial service was held at the Bergen Performing Arts Center in Englewood, New Jersey, where they and their family were longtime residents.
References
1925 births
2012 deaths
American businesspeople
Basketball players from New Jersey
NYU Violets men's basketball players
People from Bayonne, New Jersey
People from Englewood, New Jersey
People from Palm Beach, Florida
Sportspeople from Hudson County, New Jersey
American men's basketball players
SS1, Petaling Jaya is an inner suburb in Petaling Jaya, one of the biggest cities in Malaysia's most developed state of Selangor.
Also known as Kampung Tunku, it is about 5 km west of the city's central business district. Its local government is the Petaling Jaya City Council (MBPJ; Malay: Majlis Bandaraya Petaling Jaya).
The neighbourhood also shares its alternative name with Kampung Tunku, the Selangor state legislative assembly of the same name.
Location
SS1 is located south of the Damansara–Puchong Expressway, past its larger inner suburb neighbour SS2. It borders SS3 to the west, SS9A to the south, with Section 22 and Section 51A to the east.
The SS in the neighborhood's name stands for Sungai Way-Subang. Addresses in PJ are standardized. The town is divided into numbered sections (seksyen), which are denoted with just S (eastern PJ), SS (central and western PJ), PJU (northern PJ), and PJS (southern PJ). The northern chunk is also known as Damansara.
Education
One primary school operates in the area: the SK Kampung Tunku, a national school, is located on Jalan SS1/11.
Representation
The current Member of Parliament is Petaling Jaya Utara's Tony Pua from the Democratic Action Party (DAP). SS1 is also served by Kampung Tunku state assemblywoman Lim Yi Wei, from the DAP.
SS1's Councilor is Ong Yew Thai.
Religion
The Masjid Kampung Tunku mosque is in the northeastern side of SS 1, on Jalan SS1/31. Completed on January 15, 2002, it can house some 2,500 Muslim devotees with a compound area of 1.729 hectares.
Economy
A small residential area, SS1 has few commercial options to boast of, aside from a shoplot block with five shops consisting of mostly restaurants, a few houses-turned-offices and a petrol station on the same street along Jalan Baiduri (or Jalan SS 1/22).
It is also home to the local post office and a 7-Eleven convenience store just next to it.
SS1 also borders the city council's public crematorium and a Chinese cemetery, both located in Section 51A to the east.
Transport
Though quiet, SS1 residents enjoy some direct access to main road and public transport services, with the inner suburb bordering the Damansara–Puchong Expressway via SS2, which acts a link to Subang Jaya and Puchong to the west and Kuala Lumpur to the east.
Motorists also commonly use SS1 as a means to access the adjacent busier inner suburbs of SS2, SS3 and Section 51A.
Residents in this neighbourhood can also find two Kelana Jaya Line LRT stations within a few minutes' walking distance north of the inner suburb, namely the Taman Bahagia LRT Station and Taman Paramount LRT Station
Rapid KL and the free-to-use Petaling Jaya City buses also pass through the neighbourhood's main streets on their way to other districts.
References
Petaling Jaya
Robert Joseph Vitillo (New Jersey, 1946) is the Secretary General of the International Catholic Migration Commission (ICMC). Prior to that, Vitillo has served in various high level functions in Catholic charitable agencies, including Caritas Internationalis and the Catholic Campaign for Human Development. A trained social worker, they are known for their broad expertise on human migration and refugee services, child protection, social services, human rights, HIV/AIDS and global health.
Early years and education
Born in New Jersey (United States of America) in 1946, Vitillo completed undergraduate studies at Marquette University (Milwaukee, Wisconsin) and then pursued graduate studies in theology and psychology at Catholic University of America (Washington D.C.). In 1976, they received a Master of Social Work degree from Rutgers University, New Jersey, with concentrations in clinical social work and management.
Career
During the 1980s, Vitillo served as Director of the multi-service Catholic Charities agency in the Diocese of Paterson, New Jersey, where they also coordinated the resettlement of Southeast Asian, Ethiopian, Eritrean, Haitian and Cuban refugees to the United States. Between 1986 and 1995, Vitillo held different positions with Caritas Internationalis, the Vatican-based Confederation of 165 national Catholic humanitarian assistance, social and health service, and development programs in all regions of the world. There they first served as Head of Service for North America and Europe; during that time, they helped to establish many new Caritas organizations in Eastern and Central Europe. They later served as Director of Programs and then as International Delegate to the United Nations Headquarters in New York and to the World Bank in Washington, D.C..
From 1997 to 2005, they were a Executive Director of the Catholic Campaign for Human Development of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, the largest private funding source for organizations working to eradicate poverty and social injustice in the USA
Between 2005 and 2016, Vitillo had also served as Head of the Caritas Internationalis Delegation to the UN in Geneva and as its Special Advisor on Health and HIV/AIDS.
In June 2016, Vitillo was appointed as Secretary General of the International Catholic Migration Commission (ICMC), an international Catholic Church-inspired and non-governmental organization working in the area of migration and refugee assistance. Founded in 1951, in the wake of the massive human displacement caused by the Second World War, ICMC provides assistance and protection to uprooted people in more than 50 countries worldwide. The organization was granted public juridical status by the Holy See in 2008.
During their career, Vitillo has taken up various special assignments. In 1980, they helped to design the ICMC Cultural Orientation Program for Southeast Asian refugees being processed in Bataan, Philippines, for eventual resettlement in the USA and other countries. They provided technical and pastoral advice to several organizations on appropriate church-based responses to HIV and facilitated training programs in child welfare, adoption services, and outreach education programs on HIV/ AIDS.  They are also the author of a number of publications on human rights, HIV/AIDS and global health, migration and refugee resettlement, child welfare, and social services.
Publications
Books
The Pandemic of AIDS: A Response by the Confederation of Caritas Internationalis ed. by R. Vitillo. Rome, Italy: Caritas Internationalis (1988)
Caritas Training Manual on HIV/AIDS by R. Vitillo and M. O'Donohue, Nairobi, Kenya: Paulines Publications Africa (1997)
Training Manual and Resource Guide for HIV/AIDS Trainers/Service Providers by Robert J. Vitillo, ACSW and Mimi Blum, MPH(c). The University of Texas AIDS Regional Education and Training Center (Houston) and Catholic Charities USA (1997)
Curriculum d'Instruction en Education Sur la Vie, la Famille, la Sexualité pour les Ecoles Secondaires Catholiques de Haiti co-published by Caritas Haiti, Commission Episcopale pour l'Education Catholique (CEEC), USAID, Health Communication Partnership, Office of the United States Global AIDS Coordinator (2006)
A Faith-Based Response to HIV in Southern Africa: To Choose to Care Initiative, Best Practice Collection ed. by R. Vitillo. Rome, Italy: Caritas Internationalis (2006)
Pastoral Training for Responding to HIV-AIDS ed. by R. Vitillo. Rome, Italy: Caritas Internationalis, Nairobi: Paulines Publications Africa (2007)
Best Practice Report on a Concerted, Faith-Based Initiative: Scaling up Toward Universal Access to HIV Prevention, Care, Support, and Treatment: The Catholic Church Response to HIV in India New Delhi: Commission for Health, Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (2008)
Guía de Formación Pastoral en Respuesta al VIH/SIDA desarollado por Robert J. Vitillo, publicado por Caritas Hondureña, Caritas Zona Camexpa y Caritas Noruega, 2010.
Articles
Reference List
1946 births
Living people
HIV/AIDS activists
American Roman Catholic priests
Marquette University alumni
Maurice Richard "Pro" Lerner (December 20, 1935 – September 5, 2013) was a Mafia hit man connected with the Patriarca crime family who was convicted of murder in 1970. Their conviction was overturned due to unethical behavior by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and its chief witness.
Early life
Lerner was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts on December 20, 1935 to Samuel and Doris Lerner. Their father was a small-time bookie. They played baseball for their high school in Brookline, Massachusetts batting .364 in their senior year. After they graduated, Lerner served two years in the US Marines, before signing on with the Erie Senators, and played minor league baseball through 1963.
Lerner compiled a career batting average of .308 with 24 home runs and 225 RBI in their 482-game career with the Erie Senators, Boise Braves, Yakima Bears, Topeka Hawks, Wilson Tobs, Jacksonville Braves, Atlanta Crackers, Savannah Pirates, Charlotte Hornets, Macon Peaches, Raleigh Capitals and York White Roses.
Lerner also played for the Winter League in Nicaragua during the 59-60 season
Johnny Pesky told reporters:"[Lerner] must have hit .800 against us in the playoffs. We only got them out three times and twice online drives. He's a tall, rangy boy with great determination. They hit about .360 in the regular season. They tried playing Lerner at third and at second and finally shifted them to the outfield. If I had him, I might use them in right field because they can run and has a real good arm.
"In some ways they remind you of George Kell. He's that kind of hitter. They wear glasses, and while they don't look like Dom DiMaggio, they can cover more ground and can run faster. They stole six bases in the play-offs. They stole second and third against us on consecutive pitches."
Criminal activities
Lerner became acquainted with mobster John "Red" Kelley in late 1962. The two men were seen frequently together. On June 9, 1965, Lerner was arrested on an outstanding fugitive from justice charge while sitting in Kelley's car. The warrant had been issued in December 1962 in Knox County, Tennessee charging Lerner with three counts of forging and uttering checks amounting to $140.
Patriarca Family murder trial
Lerner, Patriarca family boss Raymond Patriarca and three other members of the family, Robert Fairbrothers, John Rossi, and Rudolph Sciarra, were tried in 1970 for murder and conspiracy to commit murder. Irish Mafia mobster John "Red" Kelley, a sometime associate of the family, gave testimony as a cooperating witness linking Lerner, Patriarca and other family members to the 1968 murder of Rudolph "Rudy" Marfeo and Anthony Melei. Kelley testified they had been contracted by Lerner to help plan the hit on Marfeo and Melei, whom Lerner allegedly murdered with a shotgun. After the trial, Kelley went into the federal witness protection program.
Lerner and Patriarca were convicted of conspiracy to commit murder and were sentenced to 10 years in prison. Lerner also was convicted of two counts of murder for which they were sentenced to two life terms in addition to the ten years for conspiracy, all of the sentences to be served consecutively. The jury was unable to reach a verdict for the other defendants.
Lerner's conviction subsequently was overturned by the Rhode Island Supreme Court in 1988. It had been established that Kelley had perjured themselves at the trial, as had F.B.I. Special Agent H. Paul Rico, who had collaborated Kelley's testimony. The Court ruled, in the case Lerner v. Moran 542 A.2d 1089 (1988):
...that Kelley's perjury, elicited by the FBI, constituted material exculpatory evidence withheld in violation of the applicant's due-process rights. We also hold that the trial justice correctly denied the applicant's motion to dismiss their indictment.
The court vacated their conviction and ordered a new trial. They pleaded no contest and was released due to time served.
Personal life
Lerner and their wife, Arrene, had a son and a daughter. They died in 2013.
References
External links
1936 births
Patriarca crime family
Mafia hitmen
Sportspeople from Brookline, Massachusetts
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Erie Senators players
Boise Braves players
Topeka Hawks players
Yakima Braves players
Wilson Tobs players
Jacksonville Braves players
Atlanta Crackers players
Savannah Pirates players
Charlotte Hornets (baseball) players
Macon Peaches players
Raleigh Capitals players
York White Roses players
2013 deaths
The Journal of Contingencies and Crisis Management (JCCM) is a multi-disciplinary, peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all theoretical and practical aspects relating to crisis management.
JCCM is the leading journal on the subject of crisis management. It was founded in 1993 by Prof. Uriel Rosenthal and Prof. Alexander Kouzmin (University of Plymouth). The current editor is Prof. Ira Helsloot (Radboud Universiteit Nijmegen).
Subject areas include: emergency management, risk management, contingency plans, foreign policies, ecological crisis, financial crisis, international relations, security policies, and conflict resolution.
JCCM is published by Wiley-Blackwell. Reviews from older issues are regularly re-published in the Political ReviewNet database.
References
External links
Journal of Contingencies and Crisis Management homepage
International relations journals
Political science journals
Strategic management
Security
Crisis
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
The Braille pattern dots-2345 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top right, both middle, and bottom left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top right, both upper-middle, and the lower-middle left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+281e, and in Braille ASCII with T.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-2345 is used to represent an unvoiced dental or alveolar plosive, such as /t/ or /t̪/, and otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-2345 are Braille patterns 23457, 23458, and 234578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner–Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 3567, 13567, 34567, and 134567 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-2345, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 02345, 23457, and 023457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 3567, 13567, 34567, or 134567
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-2345 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 戸
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + と/戸 = 髟
- selector 2 + と/戸 = 卜
- selector 3 + と/戸 = 并
- selector 4 + と/戸 = 長
- selector 5 + と/戸 = 豆
- selector 6 + と/戸 = 廾
- と/戸 + selector 1 = 居
- と/戸 + selector 2 = 老
- と/戸 + selector 5 = 考
- と/戸 + selector 6 = 尸
- 数 + と/戸 = 廿
- 比 + と/戸 = 斗
Compounds of 戸
- と/戸 + れ/口 = 啓
- と/戸 + け/犬 = 戻
- れ/口 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 唳
- て/扌 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 捩
- い/糹/#2 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 綟
- と/戸 + ほ/方 = 房
- と/戸 + を/貝 = 所
- と/戸 + む/車 = 扇
- 火 + と/戸 + む/車 = 煽
- と/戸 + 火 = 炉
- と/戸 + ⺼ = 肩
- と/戸 + い/糹/#2 = 雇
- と/戸 + お/頁 = 顧
- い/糹/#2 + と/戸 + れ/口 = 綮
- ふ/女 + と/戸 + れ/口 = 肇
- と/戸 + 宿 + へ/⺩ = 扁
- と/戸 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 扈
- と/戸 + selector 4 + 火 = 扉
- き/木 + 龸 + と/戸 = 枦
- の/禾 + 龸 + と/戸 = 粐
- ふ/女 + 宿 + と/戸 = 舮
- 心 + 宿 + と/戸 = 芦
- か/金 + 宿 + と/戸 = 鈩
Compounds of 髟
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 = 髪
- と/戸 + と/戸 + う/宀/#3 = 髮
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + ま/石 = 鬘
- と/戸 + 宿 = 髯
- と/戸 + 龸 = 鬢
- せ/食 + と/戸 + う/宀/#3 = 髦
- も/門 + と/戸 + う/宀/#3 = 髱
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ち/竹 = 髢
- と/戸 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 髣
- と/戸 + ぬ/力 + 囗 = 髫
- と/戸 + 宿 + れ/口 = 髭
- と/戸 + selector 6 + め/目 = 髴
- と/戸 + た/⽥ + selector 5 = 髷
- と/戸 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 髻
- と/戸 + 心 + こ/子 = 鬆
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + す/発 = 鬚
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + る/忄 = 鬟
- と/戸 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 鬣
Compounds of 卜
- 日 + と/戸 = 卓
- る/忄 + と/戸 = 悼
- な/亻 + 日 + と/戸 = 倬
- れ/口 + 日 + と/戸 = 啅
- て/扌 + 日 + と/戸 = 掉
- き/木 + 日 + と/戸 = 棹
- い/糹/#2 + 日 + と/戸 = 綽
- す/発 + 日 + と/戸 = 罩
- れ/口 + と/戸 = 占
- や/疒 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 岾
- て/扌 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 拈
- に/氵 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 沾
- ま/石 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 砧
- ち/竹 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 笘
- く/艹 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 苫
- せ/食 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 鮎
- の/禾 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 黏
- ほ/方 + と/戸 = 外
- ひ/辶 + ほ/方 + と/戸 = 迯
- を/貝 + と/戸 = 貞
- 仁/亻 + と/戸 = 偵
- し/巿 + を/貝 + と/戸 = 幀
- ま/石 + を/貝 + と/戸 = 碵
- ね/示 + を/貝 + と/戸 = 禎
- ひ/辶 + を/貝 + と/戸 = 遉
- え/訁 + と/戸 = 訃
- は/辶 + と/戸 = 赴
- な/亻 + 宿 + と/戸 = 仆
- つ/土 + 宿 + と/戸 = 卦
- き/木 + 宿 + と/戸 = 朴
- し/巿 + 宿 + と/戸 = 帖
- ま/石 + 宿 + と/戸 = 站
Compounds of 并
- な/亻 + と/戸 = 併
- い/糹/#2 + と/戸 = 絣
- せ/食 + と/戸 = 餅
- と/戸 + か/金 = 瓶
- と/戸 + 宿 + と/戸 = 屏
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 剏
- つ/土 + 龸 + と/戸 = 垪
- ⺼ + 宿 + と/戸 = 胼
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + と/戸 = 迸
- せ/食 + せ/食 + と/戸 = 餠
- そ/馬 + 龸 + と/戸 = 駢
Compounds of 長
- ゆ/彳 + と/戸 = 張
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + と/戸 = 漲
- し/巿 + と/戸 = 帳
- ら/月 + と/戸 = 脹
- る/忄 + selector 4 + と/戸 = 悵
- 心 + selector 4 + と/戸 = 萇
- け/犬 + 宿 + と/戸 = 套
- と/戸 + 宿 + ふ/女 = 肆
Compounds of 豆
- す/発 + と/戸 = 登
- に/氵 + と/戸 = 澄
- 火 + と/戸 = 燈
- や/疒 + す/発 + と/戸 = 嶝
- 心 + す/発 + と/戸 = 橙
- ま/石 + す/発 + と/戸 = 磴
- か/金 + す/発 + と/戸 = 鐙
- や/疒 + と/戸 = 痘
- た/⽥ + と/戸 = 豊
- た/⽥ + た/⽥ + と/戸 = 豐
- み/耳 + た/⽥ + と/戸 = 軆
- せ/食 + た/⽥ + と/戸 = 鱧
- お/頁 + と/戸 = 頭
- と/戸 + や/疒 = 短
- と/戸 + は/辶 = 鼓
- と/戸 + と/戸 + は/辶 = 皷
- よ/广 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 厨
- 心 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 荳
- う/宀/#3 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 豌
- ひ/辶 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 逗
- よ/广 + 宿 + と/戸 = 廚
- と/戸 + す/発 + selector 1 = 鼕
- と/戸 + 宿 + す/発 = 豎
Compounds of 廾
- け/犬 + と/戸 = 奔
- く/艹 + け/犬 + と/戸 = 莽
- む/車 + け/犬 + と/戸 = 蠎
- む/車 + と/戸 = 弁
- や/疒 + む/車 + と/戸 = 峅
- へ/⺩ + と/戸 = 弄
- れ/口 + へ/⺩ + と/戸 = 哢
- 氷/氵 + と/戸 = 弊
- と/戸 + 囗 = 戒
- え/訁 + と/戸 + 囗 = 誡
- き/木 + と/戸 = 械
- め/目 + と/戸 = 算
- く/艹 + と/戸 = 葬
- も/門 + と/戸 = 開
- と/戸 + へ/⺩ + つ/土 = 弉
- と/戸 + り/分 + の/禾 = 彜
- と/戸 + 龸 + の/禾 = 彝
- ち/竹 + 宿 + と/戸 = 笄
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + と/戸 = 舁
- む/車 + 宿 + と/戸 = 蟒
Compounds of 居
- な/亻 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 倨
- て/扌 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 据
- ね/示 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 裾
- み/耳 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 踞
- か/金 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 鋸
Compounds of 老
- ふ/女 + と/戸 = 姥
- れ/口 + と/戸 + selector 2 = 咾
- 心 + と/戸 + selector 2 = 蓍
- む/車 + と/戸 + selector 2 = 蛯
- と/戸 + 日 = 者
- と/戸 + ち/竹 = 箸
- と/戸 + く/艹 = 著
- つ/土 + と/戸 + く/艹 = 墸
- み/耳 + と/戸 + く/艹 = 躇
- な/亻 + と/戸 + 日 = 偖
- け/犬 + と/戸 + 日 = 奢
- 心 + と/戸 + 日 = 楮
- に/氵 + と/戸 + 日 = 渚
- 氷/氵 + と/戸 + 日 = 瀦
- め/目 + と/戸 + 日 = 睹
- か/金 + と/戸 + 日 = 赭
- も/門 + と/戸 + 日 = 闍
- と/戸 + こ/子 = 孝
- と/戸 + 氷/氵 = 教
- れ/口 + と/戸 + こ/子 = 哮
- と/戸 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 耄
- と/戸 + selector 4 + に/氵 = 耆
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 耋
- と/戸 + め/目 + 宿 = 覩
- せ/食 + 宿 + と/戸 = 鰭
Compounds of 考
- と/戸 + て/扌 = 拷
- き/木 + と/戸 + selector 5 = 栲
Compounds of 尸
- と/戸 + へ/⺩ = 屈
- つ/土 + と/戸 = 堀
- て/扌 + と/戸 = 掘
- な/亻 + と/戸 + へ/⺩ = 倔
- や/疒 + と/戸 + へ/⺩ = 崛
- う/宀/#3 + と/戸 + へ/⺩ = 窟
- と/戸 + と/戸 = 展
- ま/石 + と/戸 + と/戸 = 碾
- む/車 + と/戸 + と/戸 = 輾
- ひ/辶 + と/戸 = 遅
- と/戸 + ね/示 = 尉
- と/戸 + 心 = 慰
- 火 + と/戸 + ね/示 = 熨
- く/艹 + と/戸 + ね/示 = 蔚
- そ/馬 + と/戸 = 屑
- と/戸 + 数 = 尻
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 尼
- る/忄 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 怩
- 日 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 昵
- め/目 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 眤
- と/戸 + せ/食 = 尾
- き/木 + と/戸 + せ/食 = 梶
- と/戸 + に/氵 = 尿
- と/戸 + も/門 = 局
- み/耳 + と/戸 + も/門 = 跼
- と/戸 + 比 = 屁
- と/戸 + た/⽥ = 届
- と/戸 + と/戸 + た/⽥ = 屆
- と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 屋
- し/巿 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 幄
- に/氵 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 渥
- ん/止 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 齷
- と/戸 + し/巿 = 屍
- と/戸 + み/耳 = 属
- と/戸 + と/戸 + み/耳 = 屬
- め/目 + と/戸 + み/耳 = 矚
- と/戸 + る/忄 = 屡
- と/戸 + そ/馬 = 層
- と/戸 + す/発 = 履
- と/戸 + 宿 + こ/子 = 孱
- と/戸 + の/禾 + selector 1 = 屎
- と/戸 + 宿 + と/戸 = 屏
- と/戸 + 宿 + は/辶 = 屐
- と/戸 + 宿 + を/貝 = 屓
- そ/馬 + 宿 + と/戸 = 犀
- の/禾 + 宿 + と/戸 = 穉
- ひ/辶 + ひ/辶 + と/戸 = 遲
Compounds of 廿
- よ/广 + と/戸 = 庶
- 心 + よ/广 + と/戸 = 蔗
- み/耳 + よ/广 + と/戸 = 蹠
- と/戸 + ろ/十 = 革
- と/戸 + ぬ/力 = 靱
- と/戸 + ふ/女 = 鞍
- と/戸 + ら/月 = 覇
- 龸 + と/戸 + ろ/十 = 鞏
- え/訁 + と/戸 + ろ/十 = 鞫
- と/戸 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 勒
- と/戸 + selector 1 + ゑ/訁 = 靫
- と/戸 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 靭
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 + 比 = 靴
- と/戸 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 靹
- と/戸 + き/木 + selector 5 = 靺
- と/戸 + selector 4 + 日 = 靼
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 鞁
- と/戸 + も/門 + selector 2 = 鞄
- と/戸 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 鞅
- と/戸 + 数 + へ/⺩ = 鞆
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + 龸 = 鞐
- と/戸 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 鞘
- と/戸 + み/耳 + に/氵 = 鞜
- と/戸 + 心 + selector 2 = 鞠
- と/戸 + き/木 + よ/广 = 鞣
- と/戸 + の/禾 + 火 = 鞦
- と/戸 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 鞨
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 + な/亻 = 鞭
- と/戸 + り/分 + 囗 = 鞳
- と/戸 + 宿 + ひ/辶 = 鞴
- と/戸 + ひ/辶 + た/⽥ = 韃
- と/戸 + は/辶 + さ/阝 = 韆
- と/戸 + す/発 + ひ/辶 = 韈
- と/戸 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鷓
Compounds of 斗
- り/分 + と/戸 = 斜
- ろ/十 + と/戸 = 斡
- の/禾 + と/戸 = 科
- 心 + の/禾 + と/戸 = 萪
- む/車 + の/禾 + と/戸 = 蝌
- と/戸 + の/禾 = 料
- て/扌 + 比 + と/戸 = 抖
- 囗 + 比 + と/戸 = 斛
- も/門 + 比 + と/戸 = 斟
- む/車 + 比 + と/戸 = 蚪
- お/頁 + 宿 + と/戸 = 魁
Other compounds
- こ/子 + と/戸 = 事
- こ/子 + こ/子 + と/戸 = 亊
- さ/阝 + と/戸 = 陶
- ね/示 + と/戸 = 礼
- ね/示 + ね/示 + と/戸 = 禮
- 囗 + と/戸 = 同
- 心 + と/戸 = 桐
- ち/竹 + と/戸 = 筒
- ⺼ + と/戸 = 胴
- か/金 + と/戸 = 銅
- る/忄 + 囗 + と/戸 = 恫
- に/氵 + 囗 + と/戸 = 洞
- の/禾 + 囗 + と/戸 = 粡
- ぬ/力 + と/戸 + 宿 = 剳
- て/扌 + と/戸 + 宿 = 搭
- と/戸 + と/戸 + 火 = 爐
- お/頁 + お/頁 + と/戸 = 顱
- と/戸 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 丱
- て/扌 + 宿 + と/戸 = 掏
- に/氵 + 宿 + と/戸 = 淘
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + と/戸 = 綯
- 心 + 龸 + と/戸 = 萄
- selector 4 + む/車 + と/戸 = 辧
- む/車 + む/車 + と/戸 = 辨
- む/車 + 龸 + と/戸 = 辯
- と/戸 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鳶
Notes
Braille patterns
Liberty Hall is a comedy-drama play by the British writer R. C. Carton which premiered in London on 3 December 1892, at the St James's Theatre. It ran for 192 performances, until 20 May 1893. The cast was:
Mr Owen – George Alexander
William Todman – Edward Righton
Hon Gerald Harringay – Ben Webster
Mr Pedrick – Nutcombe Gould
J. Briginshaw – H. H. Vincent
Robert Binks – Richard Saker
Luscombe – Vernon Sansbury
Mr Hickson – Alfred Holles
Miss Hickson – Ailsa Craig
Crafer – Fanny Coleman
Amy Chilworth – Maude Millett
Blanche Chillcorth – Marion Terry
Source: The Era.
The play was revived at the St James's for a single matinée performance in March 1894 and 16 performances in November 1895.
Film adaptation
In 1914 the play was turned into a film of the same title directed by Harold M. Shaw.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
1892 plays
British plays adapted into films
Plays set in England
Plays by R. C. Carton
West End plays
Høgskavlnasen Point () is a point which forms the southern extremity of Høgskavlen Mountain in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–52) and named Høgskavlnasen (the high snowdrift point).
References
Headlands of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
De remediis utriusque fortunae ("Remedies for Fortunes") is a collection of 254 Latin dialogues written by the humanist Francesco Petrarca (1304–1374), commonly known as Petrarch.
The dialogues display remarkably lucid ideas that are cogently expressed. Drawing on classical sources, Petrarch expounded on refinement in taste and intellect, on finesse and propriety in speech and style.
The writing is a bouquet of moral philosophy, set out to show how thought and deed can generate happiness on the one hand, or sorrow and disillusionment on the other. In a recurring theme throughout the dialogues, Petrarch advises humility in prosperity and fortitude in adversity.
The dialogue is a development of a type seen in Seneca's De remediis fortuitorum.
The 254 woodcut illustrations by the anonymous Master of Petrarch for the 1532 German edition are considered masterpieces of the German Renaissance.
In 1579, the dialogues were translated into English by the Elizabethan physician Thomas Twyne (1543–1613) as Phisicke Against Fortune, and by Susannah Dobson in 1791 as Petrarch's View of Human Life.
References
External links
Petrarch's View of Human Life, Susannah Dobson's translation
De remediis utriusque fortunae, Cremonae, B. de Misintis ac Caesaris Parmensis, 1492. Online at Wikisource
„Von der Artzney bayder Glück / des guoten vnd widerwertigen. Vnnd weß sich ain yeder inn Gelück vnnd vnglück halten sol. Auß dem Lateinischen in das Teütsch gezogen. Mit künstlichen fyguren durchauß / gantz lustig vnd schön gezyeret.“ Augsburg: Heynrich Steyner 1532. Online at gallica
Catharina Ypes: Petrarca in de Nederlandse letterkunde. De Spieghel, Amsterdam 1934. Online at Digitale Bibliotheek voor de Nederlandse Letteren
Medieval literature
Petrarch
The chestnut-faced babbler (Zosterornis whiteheadi) is a species of bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the island of Luzon in the Philippines. There are two subspecies, Z. w. whiteheadi in northern and central Luzon, and Z. w. sorsogonensis in southeastern Luzon. The species is generally found in mountain forests, generally above 1000 m (although occasionally down to 100m). Within its range it is catholic in its choice of habitat, frequenting broadleaf forests, moist mossy forests, pine forest, open forest, scrub and human modified habitat as well.
The chestnut-faced babbler is a medium-sized babbler, 15 cm in length and weighing between 17–28 g. The plumage of this species is not sexually dimorphic, and that of juveniles has not been described. They have a chestnut face with a grey crown and nape, and an incomplete white eye ring. The wings and tail are olive-brown and the flanks paler olive, tending towards buff-yellow on the breast. The subspecies Z. w. sorsogonensis is similar, but the crown and nape are edged in black. The call is described as rapid, busy and metallic.
The species feeds on seeds, fruit, insects (particularly beetles) and spiders. Single birds, pairs or flocks of up to thirty will feed, usually in the lower growth of the forest, but occasionally up to the canopy. They will join mixed-species feeding flocks with other species. Water is obtained from pitcher plants.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) Pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
chestnut-faced babbler
Birds of Luzon
chestnut-faced babbler
chestnut-faced babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles Henry Whitchurch (29 October 1920 – July 1988) was an English professional footballer who played for Portsmouth, Tottenham Hotspur, Southend United, Folkestone Town and represented England at schoolboy level.
Playing career
Whitchurch began their career with Portsmouth as an amateur. They joined West Ham United in May 1945 and played in 34 wartime matches and scored 11 goals for the Hammers. The winger signed for Tottenham Hotspur in January 1946 and went on to feature in eight senior matches and netted two goals. Whitchurch left White Hart Lane in July 1947 to play for Southend United to notch up a further five goals in 18 appearances. They later had a spell with Folkestone Town in 1948 where they ended their competitive career.
Later life
In July 1988, Whitchurch died in Michigan, United States.
References
1920 births
1988 deaths
People from Grays, Essex
English footballers
English Football League players
Portsmouth F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Folkestone F.C. players
Association football wingers
Petrukhin is a surname of Russian origin. People with that name include:
Vladimir Petrukhin
Vyacheslav Petrukhin
Surnames of Russian origin
The Indian carplet (Amblypharyngodon microlepis) is a species of carplet in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in India and Bangladesh.
References
Amblypharyngodon
Fish described in 1854
Taxa named by Pieter Bleeker
Amaru Marka Wasi, Amarumarcahuasi or Amaromarcaguaci also known as (possibly from Quechua amaru snake, marka village, wasi house) hispanicized and mixed spellings , Amarumarkahuasi, Amaru Markahuasi), Salunniyuq (Salonniyoq, Salonniyuq), Salunpunku (Salonpunku), Laqu, Laq'u (Lacco, Lago), or Templo de la Luna (Temple of the Moon) is an archaeological site in Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Cusco Province, Cusco District, north of the city of Cusco. It lies east of the archaeological site of Sacsayhuamán and south of Tambomachay and Puka Pukara, near Qenko.
This site named Amaru Marka Wasi was possibly the former residence of Amaru Yupanqui, also known as Amaro Tupac, the eldest son of Pachakutiq Inka Yupanki.
See also
Qullqanpata
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Cusco Region
Louis-Zéphirin Moreau (1 April 1824 – 24 May 1901) was a Canadian Roman Catholic prelate who served as the fourth Bishop of Saint-Hyacinthe from 1875 until their death in 1901. They were also the cofounder of the Sisters of St. Joseph of St. Hyacinthe, an order they founded with Élisabeth Bergeron, and the founder of the Sisters of Sainte Martha. Moreau was a frail child due to being born premature and so could not help their farmer parents work on their land. They dedicated themselves to their studies and later their ecclesial studies despite the fact that illness forced them to slow down their studies which impeded on their progress to ordination. But a benefactor in the Coadjutor Bishop of Montreal saw them advance towards their ordination and they served as an aide to several bishops in the diocesan secretariat and later as a diocesan vicar general.
In their role as a bishop they revitalized their diocese and erected several new parishes to further bolster the diocese's strength. They were known for their piousness and for their dedication to the religious life as evident in the foundation of two religious congregations they set themselves on.
Moreau's beatification was celebrated in mid-1987.
Life
Louis-Zéphirin Moreau was born in Bécancour on 1 April 1824 to the farmers Louis-Zéphirin Moreau (26.8.1795–30.3.1871) and Marie–Marguerite Champoux (3.5.1798–25.12.1866) as the fifth of thirteen children with eleven of them having survived into adulthood; their brother was Sigefroi (17.10.1822–???) and they were baptized just after their birth. They were a descendant of Jean Moreau from Saintonge and was the great-great-great grandson of one who settled at Batiscan in the second half of the 1600s. Moreau was born premature and was often ill in their childhood leading their parents to believe that they were unsuited for farm work. Their parish priest Charles Dion suggested that they could be academic rather than work in farming and so their parents sent them to learn Latin in their hometown under the schoolteacher Jean Lacourse.
Moreau commenced their studies for the priesthood in the Séminaire de Nicolet in 1839 which would last until 1844. In 1844 they were introduced at that time to the Archbishop of Québec Joseph Signay who was making a pastoral visit to Nicolet. They were impressed with Moreau who accepted them as a candidate for the priesthood and provided them with the tonsure. That autumn they began their theological studies but in November 1845 was forced to slow their studies down due to feeling fatigued. Their health had not improved much and so in September 1846 met the Archbishop of Québec who advised them to return home and give up the priesthood since their health would just impede it. But Father Dion and the teachers at Nicolet encouraged them to go to Montreal to offer their services armed with their recommendation letters. They also had a secret meeting with the Bishop of Montreal Ignace Bourget who was leaving for Europe and so put them in the care of their coadjutor Bishop Jean-Charles Prince.
Bishop Prince accepted Moreau into the episcopal palace to finish their studies while keeping watch over their progress; Prince conferred minor orders on Moreau in October 1846 and later the subdiaconate on 6 December and then the diaconate on 13 December. Prince ordained them a week later on 19 December after an examination determined that Moreau had the adequate level of theological understanding to be ordained a priest. Despite this they did a further five months of additional studies. Bishop Bourget returned in 1847 and they became the cathedral's master of ceremonies while working in the diocesan secretariat; they also at this point served as a chaplain to a convent of Nuns. On 19 December 1847 they were made chaplain for the cathedral and preached once a week there while also having the power to hear confessions there. Moreau soon left to do other work and would work alongside Bishop Bourget in the diocesan secretariat where the bishop's intense meditative and contemplative life impacted on him. In 1852 they agreed to become the adviser to Bishop Prince who was appointed to lead a new diocese.
Moreau served Prince's successors Joseph La Rocque and Charles La Rocque and administered the diocese during periods when the diocese was vacant such as in 1860 and between 1865 and 1866; they also managed the diocese in 1875 and during the bishop's absence in both 1862 and 1870. Bishop Charles La Rocque entrusted routine administration to Moreau after La Rocque's predecessor left diocesan finances in poor shape. From 1853 to 1858 they served as the chaplain for the boarding school that the Congregation of Notre-Dame managed and then from 1859 to 1866 for the nuns at the Hôtel-Dieu. They also served as a chaplain to the Soeurs de la Présentation de Marie from 1867 to 1869. In 1869 they were appointed as vicar general serving La Rocque in administration for the diocese and later in 1874 founded the Union Saint-Joseph to provide protection for workers from accidents or negligence. La Rocque's death in 1875 saw the people and priests propose Moreau to succeed them as bishop. However, the late La Rocque had once warned Archbishop Elzéar-Alexandre Taschereau that Moreau had some weaknesses in administration and instead recommended that the Bishop of Sherbrooke Antoine Racine succeed him. But other bishops rejected this recommendation and listed Moreau far ahead of the other two candidates Joseph-Alphonse Gravel and Jean-Remi Ouellette. In their official role as vicar general they sent a letter to Roman officials informing them of the bishop's death in order to begin succession plans while a letter came to them on 22 October informing them that the pope decided to name them as La Rocque's successor.
Roman officials approved Moreau's appointment on 21 September 1875 and Pope Pius IX appointed them as bishop for the diocese in a papal bull issued two months later on 19 November; they were consecrated two months later and left external administration and tiring visits to their coadjutor Maxime Decelles who was appointed as such in 1893. The Archbishop of Québec conferred episcopal consecration upon them with Bishops Louis-François Richer dit Laflèche and Édouard-Charles Fabre serving as the principal co-consecrators. Moreau created a court for matrimonial cases and in 1877 founded the Soeurs de Saint-Joseph and later the Sisters of Sainte Martha in 1883. They also held annual pastoral retreats in their diocese and would go on to found thirteen parishes.
Moreau received the Anointing of the Sick and the Viaticum before they died on 24 May 1901 at 5:00 pm; their remains were entombed within the diocesan cathedral.
Beatification
The beatification process launched in the late bishop's diocese in an informative process that opened in 1929 and concluded later in 1934; this process was initiated to collect witness interrogatories and documentation that could attest to the late bishop's holiness. Theologians later confirmed their spiritual writings on 12 January 1950 as being in line with the Church's teachings and not in contradiction of it. The formal introduction to the cause came under Pope Pius XII on 21 June 1952 and they became titled as a Servant of God. It was after this that an apostolic process was launched in order to compile additional information on Moreau which spanned from 1953 until 1955. The Congregation for Rites validated these two processes in Rome on 31 January 1959 determining that the processes adhered to the rules the C.O.R. issued.
The Congregation for the Causes of Saints and their consultants met on 6 October 1970 and approved the cause while the cardinal and bishop members comprising the C.C.S. affirmed the cause as well on 31 October 1972. Moreau became titled as Venerable on 10 May 1973 after Pope Paul VI confirmed that the late bishop had lived a life of heroic virtue.
Moreau's beatification depended upon the papal confirmation of a healing deemed to be a miracle; a case that neither science nor medicine could explain. The case that would be acknowledged as a miracle for them to be beatified was investigated in Sault Sainte Marie in 1983 while the investigation itself received C.C.S. validation on 13 July 1984. Medical experts confirmed there was no possible medical or scientific explanation to the healing at their meeting on 22 January 1986 while theologians some months later on 13 June confirmed the healing came after requests for Moreau's intercession. Just a few weeks later on 8 July 1986 the C.C.S. members confirmed the case – based on the findings of the two previous boards – was indeed a miracle and that it would be submitted to the pope for final approval.
This approval came from Pope John Paul II on 10 November 1986 in a decree; the pope had approved the complete and rapid cure of Colleen Margaritae O'Brien – aged eight – who suffered from cancer in June 1978 while in remission and still undergoing treatment. John Paul II beatified Moreau on 10 May 1987.
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy
Saints SQPN
Hagiography Circle
1824 births
1901 deaths
19th-century venerated Christians
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Canadian beatified people
Roman Catholic bishops of Saint-Hyacinthe
People from Centre-du-Québec
Venerated Catholics by Pope Paul VI
The King's Road drill hall, sometimes referred to as the Old Cavalry Barracks, is a former military installation in King's Road (formerly Cemetery Road) in Bury St Edmunds. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The building was designed by Richard Phipson as the headquarters of the West Suffolk Militia Regiment and was completed in 1857. It became the headquarters of the Suffolk Yeomanry in the early 20th century. The regiment was mobilised at the drill hall in August 1914 before being deployed to Gallipoli and, ultimately, to the Western Front. After the war the regiment converted to become 411 (Suffolk Yeomanry) Battery, 108th (Suffolk and Norfolk Yeomanry) Brigade, Royal Field Artillery and then evolved to become 217 (Suffolk Yeomanry) Battery, 55th (Suffolk and Norfolk Yeomanry) Anti-Tank Regiment, Royal Field Artillery in 1939.
After the Second World War, the regiment was re-constituted as 308th (Suffolk Yeomanry) Anti-Tank Regiment, RA with headquarters at Bury St Edmunds. It amalgamated with 358th (Suffolk) Medium Regiment, RA to form 358th (Suffolk Yeomanry) Medium Regiment, RA in 1958 and it amalgamated with 284th (King's Own Royal Regiment, Norfolk Yeomanry) Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment, RA to form 308th (Suffolk and Norfolk Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA in 1961. During the major reorganisation of the Territorial Army that took place in 1967, the unit was reduced to battery size as 202 (The Suffolk and Norfolk Yeomanry) Battery, RA, part of 100 (Medium) Regiment Royal Artillery (Volunteers). After the regiment left King's Road in 1977, the building was decommissioned and the site was developed for residential use in 1991.
References
Drill halls in England
Buildings and structures in Suffolk
Visaji Krushna Chinchalkar, popularly known as Visaji Pant Biniwale, was one of the leading Generals of Peshwas in Northern India during 1759 to 1772. Peshwa Madhavrao I mainly sought their assistance in their attempt to restore Maratha Empire in the North after the defeat in the Battle of Panipat (1761).
Early life
Visaji Krushna was born in a Karhade Brahmin family having surname ‘Chinchalkar'. There is no mention as to their year of birth, however, it must be around 1730. They got the title ‘Biniwale' (which means a person at the front) during their career as a Military General since their troops would remain at the front of the Maratha army during battles.
Military career
On 10 October 1759, Visaji Krushna defeated Nizam's troops and conquered the fort of Ahmednagar. In 1760–1761, they fought in the Panipat war under the leadership of Sadashivrao Bhau. In 1769, they marched towards Udaipur along with their senior Ramchandra Ganesh Kanade. The Rajputs there agreed to pay them Rs.60 lakhs in the tribute. On 5 April 1770, they defeated Jats of Haryana. On October 1770 they vanquished Najib Khan Rohilla, the main opponent of the Battle of Panipat (1761). In November 1771, they were appointed ‘In Charge of the Northern front of Marathas' by Peshwa Madhavrao I. In February 1772, along with Mahadji Shinde, they overpowered the Rohilkhand at Shukratal by defeating Zabita Khan. They took severe revenge of the defeat of Panipat by breaking the tomb of Najib Khan, by looting the artillery and wealth of the Rohillas and by recovering from them an additional tribute of Rs.40 lakhs.
Honor by Peshwa Madhavrao
Peshwa Madhavrao I was so delighted with Visaji Krushna's grand victory in the Rohilkhand that they specifically mentioned in their written Will to shower golden flowers on them during their arrival at the border of Pune.
Later life and death
When Visaji Krushna arrived to Pune from North, they brought with them huge jewelry and cash of not less than Rs.22 lakhs. Meanwhile, Peshwa Madhavrao I had died and Peshwa Narayanrao was murdered. Hence, Visaji Krushna was welcomed by Peshwa Raghunath Rao and they were showered with the golden flowers as wished by Peshwa Madhavrao I in their Will.
When came to know about Raghunath Rao's involvement in Narayanrao's murder, Visaji Krushna joined hands with ‘Nana Phadnis' to restore Peshwa Sawai Madhavrao on the Peshwa throne.
There is no reference found as to their date of death and cause thereof, however, it must not have taken place on the battlefield.
References
‘Marathi Riyasat Volume V' (Marathi) by Govind Sakharam Sardesai
‘Marathi Riyasat Volume VI' (Marathi) by Govind Sakharam Sardesai
‘Peshvyanchi Bakhar' (Marathi) Editorial notes by R.V.Herwadkar
Indian military leaders
People from Maharashtra
Carsten Thomas Ball (born 20 June 1987) is an American-Australian retired professional tennis player. Although born and based in the United States, Carsten has represented Australia on tour.
Tennis career
Carsten Ball was born in Newport Beach, California. Their father, Syd Ball, was also a tour tennis player. As a junior tennis player they reached a career high of number 9 in the world. They continue to be based in Newport Beach, with their father as their coach.
Ball has five Futures titles to their credit. Their best singles results previously consisted of three runner-up appearances in American Challengers in 2008 and 2009. In August 2009, Ball reached the final of the LA Tennis Open. They lost to sixth-seeded Sam Querrey. Later in August they qualified for the US Open, where they reached the second round, losing to Novak Djokovic in straight sets.
Ball enjoyed considerable success as a doubles player, often partnering with fellow Australian Chris Guccione. Ball and Guccione won back-to-back doubles titles in the 2011 Sacramento Challenger and Tiburon ATP Challenger Tour events, both $100,000 tournaments.  They are now serving as the coach of American tennis player Tennys Sandgren.
ATP career finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles: 1 (1–0)
Performance timelines
Singles
Current as far as the 2012 US Open (tennis).
DoublesCurrent as far as the 2012 US Open (tennis).
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
American people of Australian descent
Australian male tennis players
Australian people of American descent
Sportspeople from Newport Beach, California
Tennis people from California
Epichloë amarillans is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1994, Epichloë amarillans is a sister lineage to Epichloë baconii, Epichloë festucae, Epichloë mollis and Epichloë stromatolonga.
Epichloë amarillans is found in North America, where it has been identified in many species of grasses, including Agrostis hyemalis, Agrostis perennans, Calamagrostis canadensis, Elymus virginicus, Sphenopholis nitida, Sphenopholis obtusata, Sphenopholis × pallens and Ammophila breviligulata.
References
amarillans
Fungi described in 1994
Fungi of North America
Krishnadhan Das is a member of 12th Tripura Legislative Assembly. They belong to Bharatiya Janata Party and represented Bamutia (Tripura Vidhan Sabha constituency).
Criminal Case
Charges were pressed against Krishnadhan for voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from their duty under IPC section 332, punishment of criminal conspiracy under IPC section 120B, assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of their duty under IPC section 353 and mischief causing damage to amount of fifty rupees under IPC section 427.
In February 2020, a non-bailable warrant was issued against BJP MLA Krishnadhan Das.
Contoversy
In May 2022, BJP MLA from Tripura's Bamutia district, Krishnadhan Das had their dancing video become popular on social media. They were seen in the video enjoying the event and showing off their moves to the audience.
References
Tripura MLAs 2018–2023
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Tripura
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Southeast Missouri State Redhawks baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau, Missouri, United States. The team is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. The team plays its home games at Capaha Field in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. The Redhawks are coached by Andy Sawyers.
History
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball programs
References
External links
Baseball teams established in 1959
1959 establishments in Missouri
The Chieftains Live! is the first album by the Chieftains which was recorded live. It was recorded on tour in December 1976 at Symphony Hall in Boston and Massey Hall in Toronto.
Although the album sold well, it is Paddy Moloney's least favorite album. Moloney was quoted as saying, "I don't know what they did to it technically, but I know it plays too fast!"
Track listing
"The Morning Dew" - 3:32
"George Brabazon" - 2:56
"Kerry Slides" - 3:52
"Carrickfergus" - 3:49
"Carolan's Concerto" - 3:09
"The Foxhunt" - 4:42
"Round the House and Mind the Dresser" - 2:54
"Solos: Caitlin Trail / For The Sakes Of Old Decency / Carolan's Farewell To Music / Banish Misfortune / The Tarbolton / The Pinch Of Snuff / The Star Of Munster / The Flogging Reel" - 13:51
"Limerick's Lamentation" - 3:54
"O'Neill's March" - 3:37
"Ril Mhor" - 3:23
Personnel
Paddy Moloney - uillean pipes, tin whistle
Seán Potts - tin whistle, bodhrán, bones
Seán Keane - fiddle, tin whistle
Martin Fay - fiddle, bones
Michael Tubridy - flute, concertina and tin whistle
Derek Bell - neo-Irish harp, medieval harps, tiompán, oboe
Kevin Conneff - bodhrán
References
The Chieftains albums
1977 live albums
Claddagh Records albums
Albums recorded at Massey Hall
Balsam Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in south-central Ontario on Balsam Lake. The park is situated along the Trent-Severn Waterway, a few kilometres southwest of Coboconk. It is an all-seasons recreation area offering camping, boating and fishing, and while closed in winter it is also used for skiing and snowshoeing.
Environment
Balsam Lake is part of a waterway that extends 389 kilometers across Ontario. The waterway, entitled Trent-Severn Waterway, allows lakes and rivers throughout Ontario to be connected through canals. These canals allow individuals to travel by boat from one lake to another. For example, one can travel from Georgian Bay to Lake Ontario in addition to other regions. In the vicinity of the park are the Haliburton Highlands, the Muskoka Lakes, and the Precambrian wilderness. The wildlife consists of animals such as deer, fox, raccoons, skunks, squirrels, chipmunks, beavers, coyotes, a wide variety of birds and definitely North American black bears.
Facilities and Services
Camping: Balsam Lake Provincial Park has 506 campsites distributed throughout the region. Of these campsites, 206 have electricity. The park also contains 3 groups camping sites accompanied by vault privies and drinking water. These sites must be reserved in advance through an application form and are only offered to non-profit youth groups. Alcohol and trailers are prohibited, while tents are permitted in any of the camping sites. Some of the other services in the campsites include: showers, toilets, Laundromats as well as a playground for children.
Shopping: The Park Store (formerly known as the Gift Shop) is located at the entrance of the park and carries park souvenirs. Firewood is made available at the Park Store and can also be found at the main office. In addition, there is a snack bar located on the beach. More stores are accessible in the local town of Coboconk.
Rentals: Balsam Lake Provincial Park offers kayaks, canoes, and paddle boats for rent. These rentals can be obtained from the Water Craft Rental Centre on the south side of the beach. Campers can rent equipment in 2 hour increments or overnight.
Activities
Hiking: There are two trails that are situated in the Balsam Lake Provincial Park. They are the Lookout trail which is 2.6 km and the Plantation trail which is 4.2 km. The Lookout trail begins on an esker and goes through different landscapes such as a cedar swamp, a deciduous forest, and a meadow. The Plantation trail identifies the impact man has made on the land over the past 150 years. The trail travels through logging sites, farm fields, as well as reforestation plantations.
Park Activities: Balsam Lake Provincial Park has a beach close to most campsites where campers can perform water-based activities during spring and summer. Several fish including Bass, walleye, muskie, and panfish are found in the lake for when campers go fishing. Other beach activities include canoeing, boating, and swimming. Aside from water-based activities, cycling is also an option as there are paved roads distributed amongst the park. In the autumn season, visitors tend to observe the trees as the leaves are changing colours. During the winter campers come to snowboard, ski, or hike.
References
External links
Provincial parks of Ontario
Protected areas established in 1968
1968 establishments in Ontario
Campsites in Canada
Protected areas of Kawartha Lakes
The opening ceremony of the 2016 Summer Paralympics took place on the evening of 7 September 2016 at the Maracanã Stadium, Rio de Janeiro, starting at 18:30 BRT (21:30 UTC).
Preparations
The theme of the ceremony was "To-do Mundo tem um Coração" ("Everybody Has a Heart"); writer and director Marcelo Rubens Paiva stated that the ceremony would focus upon "humanity, on the human condition, on feelings, difficulties, solidarity, love, heart" and "evoke emotion, laughs and tears". At least 2,500 people were involved in the ceremony, including 500 creative professionals and 2,000 volunteers.
On 2 September 2016, director Fred Gelli revealed that the ceremony would feature U.S. Paralympic snowboarder and Dancing with the Stars contestant Amy Purdy performing a contemporary, Samba-inspired dance routine with a "surprise partner". Amidst larger financial concerns surrounding the Games, fellow director Flávio Machado affirmed that the ceremony's budget was fiscally responsible and was "enough to do what we wanted to create", adding that "It wasn't a problem and it's not going to be an excuse".
International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach was absent from the opening ceremony, as they had prior obligations to attend the state funeral of former West German president Walter Scheel. This marked the first time since 1984 that the current president of the IOC did not attend the opening ceremonies of a Paralympic Games. IOC delegate to disability sports Sam Ramsamy attended the ceremony in place of Bach.
Synopsis
Pre-show entertainment
Prior to the ceremony, the Rio 2016 mascots Vinicius and Tom were seen participating in a parody of Gisele Bündchen's runway walk segment from the Olympics' opening ceremony, with Vinicius dressed similarly to Bündchen.
Prologue
The ceremony opened with a pre-recorded segment, featuring Philip Craven, president of the International Paralympic Committee. After their direct flight to Rio was cancelled, Craven instead flies to Belém, travelling on their wheelchair through various Brazilian cities en route to Rio de Janeiro, and visiting the Christ the Redeemer statue before entering the stadium. A countdown from 10 was conducted using numbers unfolded from the upper deck of the stadium. For the conclusion of the countdown, wheelchair stunt performer Aaron "Wheelz" Fotheringham rode down a ramp, jumping through a large numeral "0" and landing a backflip into an air cushion, which is a reference to Canadian snowboarder Johnny Lyall sliding down a ramp and leaping through a set of Olympic rings in the Vancouver 2010 Olympics opening ceremony. The first segment of the cultural portion of the ceremony paid tribute to the invention of the wheel, featuring samba circles and performers riding the stage in wheelchairs.
The next segment paid tribute to Rio's beaches, including performers "surfing" on skateboards on the projection floor. Appearing in the segment was Brazilian Paralympic swimmer Daniel Dias. It was followed by a segment honouring African influence on Brazilian culture. The Hino Nacional Brasileiro was performed on piano by João Carlos Martins, while performers arranged themselves on the stadium floor to form the flag of Brazil.
Parade of Nations
Delegations representing 161 National Paralympic Committees marched into the stadium, led by the Independent athletes. Each team was accompanied by a woman carrying a puzzle piece-shaped sign with the country's name written on in Brazilian Portuguese; the other side of each piece contained photos of the athletes participating in the Games. In protest of the banning of Russia from the Games over a doping scandal, Belarusian Ministry of Sport official Andrey Fomochkin was seen carrying the flag of Russia while entering the stadium; the flag was confiscated, and Fomochkin's credentials were revoked by the IPC for violating the policy forbidding political protests and gestures. As countries entered, the puzzle pieces were assembled on the stadium floor to create a mosaic of the human heart using the photos.
Opening
The entry of athletes was followed by opening remarks by Rio 2016 Organizing Committee head Carlos Arthur Nuzman, who invited athletes to "play fair, abide by the rules and, most of all, have fun doing what you do best". The crowd booed at Nuzman after they thanked local governments for their contributions to the Games. Nuzman's speech was followed by a speech by IPC president Philip Craven, in which they called upon spectators to "see the true meaning of sport and the true definition of ability", explaining that "in a country which has faced major challenges of late, Paralympians will switch your focus from perceived limitations, to a world full of possibility and endless opportunity. They will surprise you, inspire and excite you, but most of all they will change you." The Games were officially opened by President of Brazil Michel Temer; in the wake of the formal impeachment of Dilma Rousseff, Temer was also booed at.
Cultural segments
A segment called "Beyond Vision" by computation artist and designer Marcelo Coelho, with projections by Muti Randolph, featured dancers dressed in black while carrying white light sticks, followed by a routine by a pair of partially-sighted dancers aided by a tactile floor. This was followed by segments paying tribute to the sports that would be featured during the Games. The Paralympic emblem was formed on the arena floor, followed by the entry and raising of the Paralympic flag; the flag was brought in by members of the Associação de Assistência à Criança Deficiente (an organization for disabled youth), and a montage of Paralympic athletes was played while the flag was raised. Following the taking of oaths, dancer and Paralympic snowboarder Amy Purdy, dressed in a 3D Printed Dress designed by fashion designer Danit Peleg, performed a dance routine with a KUKA robotic arm, which symbolized the co-existence of humans and technology.
Lighting of the cauldron
As rain fell over the Maracanã, the Paralympic flame was brought into the stadium by the Brazilian pioneers in the Parasports. Firstly, sprinter Antônio Delfino who has won 2 gold medals in the 2004 Summer Paralympics, passed the torch to Márcia Malsar—the first Brazilian gold medalist at the Paralympics in 1984 Summer Paralympics in New York City. Malsar slipped and fell on the rain-soaked ground, dropping the torch. After successfully recovering from the fall, Malsar passed the torch to Brazilian paralympic legend Ádria Santos, who has won 13 paralympic medals. Santos then passed the flame to the final torchbearer, Brazilian paralympic legend Clodoaldo Silva. The cauldron was located at the top of a flight of stairs, which slid apart to reveal a series of ramps for Silva's wheelchair. Silva ascended the ramps and lit the Paralympic cauldron, which was the same as that of the 2016 Olympics, but adapted in a lower module. The lighting was followed by a musical performance by singer Seu Jorge.
See also
2016 Summer Olympics opening ceremony
References
External links
Opening ceremony
Ceremonies in Brazil
Paralympics opening ceremonies
Siricilla Rajaiah (born 9 Aug 1954) is an Indian politician and a former member of Lok Sabha, Lower House of the Parliament of India.
Early life
Rajaiah was born in Lingapur village Manakondur Mandal in Karimnagar district to Bakkaiah and Shanthamma. They did their B.Sc.(Agriculture) from N.G.Ranga Agricultural University.
Career
Siricilla Rajaiah is an Indian National Congress party politician and represented Warangal parliamentary constituency during 2009-2014. They lost their MP seat in 2014 General elections to Kadiyam Srihari. After Kadiyam Srihari resigned, Sircilla Rajaiah was selected by the Congress to contest in the by-elections. Rajaiah did not contest after the death of their grand children and daughter in law.
Personal life
Rajaiah is married to Madhavi. They have a son and a daughter.
Controversies
Rajaiah's daughter-in-law and three grand children died in a suicidal fire accident in their residence. Rajaiah's son Anil had an extramarital affair which was supported by Rajaiah & their wife. As per the emails and letters revealed after the death of Sarika, it was confirmed that their husband and inlaws harassed them to the core which is widely believed to be cause of the fire suicide. Congress party suspended Rajaiah immediately. As per the sources, Rajaiah & Sarika had a very big fight the night when the incident happened, which provoked Sarika to take this extreme step. Sarika had earlier filed a harassment case against their husband which was in pending. Rajaiah along with their wife and son were arrested by the police in connection with the case....
References
External links
Official profile
Indian National Congress politicians
Living people
People from Telangana
Telangana politicians
People from Warangal
India MPs 2009–2014
1953 births
Lok Sabha members from Andhra Pradesh
Indira Miri (1910–2004), popularly known as Mereng, was an Indian educationist from Assam, known for their efforts in promoting education in the North East Frontier Agency. They were a recipient of the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri.
Biography
Indira Senapati alias Indira Miri was born to Brittial_Bania/ Bania, an indigenous schedule caste community of Assam. Born in 1910 in Shillong, Miri lost their mother at an early age and was brought up by their father, Sonadhar Senapati, who sent them to Kolkata for school and college studies which they started at Bethune School and completed with a BA from Scottish Church College. Later they obtained a degree in education (BT) from St. Mary's College of Teacher Education, Guwahati and did advance training course in Montessori system in Ahmedabad on a government scholarship where they were trained by Maria Montessori. Another government scholarship helped them to travel to the UK to secure a master's degree from the University of Edinburgh and a three-month training at Oxford University.
On their return to India in 1947, Miri was appointed as the Chief Education Officer of NEFA with their base at Sadiya, a small Assamese town and worked among the tribals for ten years. During the earthquake of 1950, Miri and their fellow teachers were known to have worked for bringing relief to the people of the region. They resigned from NEFA service in 1957 to join the Jorhat BT College as it principal and worked there till their retirement in 1969. They also served the Guwahati University as a member of its executive council.
<u>During the late 1880s', '</u>'Sjt. Sonadhar Senapati who was a well educated Assamese man and was working in a good position at the Assam Secretariat at Shillong represented the problems of the oppressed castes and tribes of Assam in front of the British. During the meeting they met Mr. Mohi Chandra Miri who represented the Mising Tribe in the meeting. Sonadhar Senapati was impressed with the Charming personality of Mr. Miri. Sonadhar Senapati breaking all the stereotypes of the society during that time, arranged their daughter's (Indira Senapati's) marriage with Mr. Mahi Miri who later became the Chief Conservator of Kaziranga National Park.Sonadhar Senapati was also the founder of [Asom Bania Sabha] , a dalit organization of Assam during the early period of 19th Century.
Miri died on 5 September 2004 at the age of 94, at their ancestral home in Silpukhuri. They had had three children. One of their sons, Mrinal Miri, is an educationist, writer and a member of Rajya Sabha.
The Government of India awarded the civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1977 and they received the Sankardev Award in 2004. Them life has been documented in two biographies, one a fictionalized biography, Mereng, written by Anuradha Sharma Pujari, published in 2010 and the other, Bisishta sikshabida Indira Miri, by Hiranmayi Dewi, published in 2001.
Publications
Mahendramohana Caudhurī, 1984
Mahatma Gandhi's educational theory''
See also
Anuradha Sharma Pujari
Maria Montessori
References
1910 births
2004 deaths
Recipients of the Padma Shri in literature & education
People from Shillong
Scholars from Assam
Indian women educational theorists
Scottish Church College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Oxford
20th-century Indian women scientists
Montessori teachers
Indian schoolteachers
20th-century Indian educational theorists
Women scientists from Assam
Women educators from Assam
Educators from Assam
20th-century women educators
The men's 100 metre butterfly competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 23 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Michael Phelps of US.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, all in butterfly.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 23, at 10:28.
B Final
The B final was held on August 23, at 19:47.
A Final
The final was held on August 23, at 19:47.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
"Mystery of Love" is a 1985 house music song created by Larry Heard under the alias of Mr. Fingers. It was released by Heard's label Alleviated Records in 1985. The track was developed in 1984 after Heard felt their creative input was not being incorporated into the rock music cover bands they had been drumming in. This led to Heard buying a Roland Jupiter-6 and developing two tracks in one night: "Washing Machine" and "Mystery of Love" which they recorded to via tape cassettes. Cassette tapes of these tracks were given to musicians local Chicago DJs and became popular at dance clubs in Chicago.
The track was re-recorded by Heard in a studio with their friend Robert Owens adding vocals to the track and was credited to Fingers Inc. This version was released in 1986 on DJ International Records and became a top ten hit on the Hot Dance/Disco 12 Inch Singles charts in 1986. In the United Kingdom, initial reception to the Fingers Inc. was not enthusiastic, until the song was included on the compilation The House Sound of Chicago which increased its popularity dramatically in the United Kingdom.
Production
Background
When Larry Heard was growing up they had a piano in their house and as a child would try to emulate television show theme songs. Heard would later learn to play guitar and quickly moved on to the bass, and then to drums, where they felt most comfortable.
Heard initially was interested in pursuing a career as either a teacher, a lawyer, or an architect but moved on to playing drums in local groups. Later Heard became interested in starting to put some distance in between them and some of the groups, stating that in their last group they found themselves "having to buy [his] own synthesizer, and then buy a drum machine to keep the time since I wasn't gonna be able to hold the sticks and do the keyboard part." Heard's first synthesizer purchased was a Roland Jupiter-6.
Production
On the first night of purchasing the synthesizer in 1984, Heard created "Mystery of Love" and "Washing Machine", which they described as "my first drafts ever. I was lucky enough to catch it on a cassette tape, which has been lost since then, of course." Heard described the influence to make these tracks, as they "always had ideas when I was behind the drums, but the other band members weren't really receptive, again, to the drummer having ideas, and I think there's pretty much rich history of drummers, like Phil Collins, and Narada Michael Walden, and people like that, that step out. But you have to express your ideas, or it's not fulfilling." The tracks were recorded to two cassette decks with one pass on one cassette, and then, once Heard decided what they wanted over the top, they ran the next pass, and played the parts live. Heard reflected on these recordings in 2016, describing both "Mystery of Love" and "Washing Machine" as a "happy accident, a product of youthful excitement" due to their excitement to work on new equipment and the lessons learned from listening to their parents play the piano.
There are multiple iterations of "Mystery of Love". The first was an original version, which Heard described as their "personal prototype" which they made three acetate copies of, one copy owned by Heard, and others given to Chicago DJs Frankie Knuckles, Ron Hardy. According to Heard, these acetates have changed hands several times. The 1985 version of the track is at a slow tempo, at about 110 beats per minute. A second version was credited to Fingers Inc. and made for the label DJ International Records. This version was re-recorded in a studio with vocals by Heard's friend Robert Owens. This version is credited to Fingers Inc. Heard felt that " the first one is just special for me, it just holds the essence of what I was doing, what just naturally flowed out of me. The next ones ended up being more rehearsed, so I don't really feel the same intensity in those versions, but that's showbiz, I guess."
Release
Heard sent out the tape to some music labels with no response and was suggested by a friend to release the record on their own. The original releases of Heard's first track did not have a label attached to them, with Heard recalling that they "didn't know how you go about establishing a name, and that kind of thing. But I did start my publishing off, so I ended up deciding to use the publishing name as the label name since I got clearance for the name." Heard has declared the first version as being attached to their own label Alleviated Records, despite any credit on the label. The track was officially released in 1985. Heard would then soon hear the track on the radio, and recalled hearing "Mystery of Love" on the radio while driving on Lakeshore Drive and they nearly drove themselves off the road they were so excited.
The Mr.Fingers version on "Mystery of Love" released by D.J. International entered the Billboards Hot Dance/Disco 12 Inch Singles sales charts on April 19, 1986 and peaked at number 10 on the charts.
Reception
Heard stated that the reception of "Mystery of Love" was so great that Ron Hardy and Frankie Knuckles were claiming that they had made the song. Heard joked that they had "kind of foil everything for both of them, when people who knew me saying this was the guy who made the "Mystery of Love" track. So, that kind of put a little tension in the relationship between myself and Frankie and Ron Hardy. Not from my perspective, but I think they maybe always felt like I would harbour some resentment for that, but to me it was more of a compliment. I mean, who would claim something that they feel is crap? So it confirmed for me that I was at something, that I was onto something that people could relate to."
Jon Savage commented on the song's initial reception in the United Kingdom, stating that the track at first "seemed wrong" with its slower tempo, noting the audiences expectations for the "cranked up nature of the Go-Go scene or new-breed rappers like Schoolly D. It wasn't a brash assertion of ego or a frantic call to the dancefloor, a more ecstatic (in the old sense) vision couched in a radical, fluid sound world." Savage continued that it took a little while for the song to become part of what would later be known as house music, specifically noting that after Farley "Jackmaster" Funk's record with Darryl Pandy "Love Can't Turn Around" entered the top ten in the United Kingdom, London Records released the compilation The House Sound of Chicago in October 1986 which included the Fingers Inc. version of "Mystery of Love" along with Daryl Pandy's hit.
Track listing
12" single (ML-2201)
"Mystery of Love" 6:54
"Mystery of Love" 7:07
12" single (DJ 892)
"Mystery of Love (Club Mix)"
"Mystery of Love (Mystery of Dub)"
"Mystery of Love (Instrumental Mix)"
"Mystery of Love (Original Basement Mix)"
Credits
Credits adapted from the vinyl sticker of the "Mr. Fingers" version of Mystery of Love.
Larry Heard producer, composer
Donnie Heard producer
Joseph McNeil recording and mixing
Bud Pressner mastering
Credits adapted from the vinyl sticker of the "Fingers Inc." version of Mystery of Love.
Larry Heard producer, composer, mixing
Robert Owens vocals
Rocky Jones executive producer, mixing
Verne Lindsey executive producer
Larry Strum engineer
References
Sources
1985 debut singles
Mr. Fingers songs
Fingers Inc. songs
Song recordings produced by Larry Heard
A banyan, also spelled "banian", is a fig that develops accessory trunks from adventitious prop roots, allowing the tree to spread outwards indefinitely. This distinguishes banyans from other trees with a strangler habit that begin life as an epiphyte, i.e. a plant that grows on another plant, when its seed germinates in a crack or crevice of a host tree or edifice. "Banyan" often specifically denotes Ficus benghalensis (the "Indian banyan"), which is the national tree of India, though the name has also been generalized to denominate all figs that share a common life cycle and used systematically in taxonomy to denominate the subgenus Urostigma.
Characteristics
Like other fig species, banyans bear their fruit in the form of a structure called a "syconium". The syconium of Ficus species supply shelter and food for fig wasps and the trees depend on the fig wasps for pollination.
Frugivore birds disperse the seeds of banyans. The seeds are small, and because most banyans grow in woodlands, a seedling that germinates on the ground is unlikely to survive. However, many seeds fall on the branches and stems of other trees or on human edifices, and when they germinate they grow roots down toward the ground and consequently may envelop part of the host tree or edifice.
This is colloquially known as a "strangler" habit, which banyans share with a number of other tropical Ficus species, as well as some other unrelated genera such as Clusia and Metrosideros.
The leaves of the banyan tree are large, leathery, glossy, green, and elliptical. Like most figs, the leaf bud is covered by two large scales. As the leaf develops the scales abscise. Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge.
Older banyan trees are characterized by aerial prop roots that mature into thick, woody trunks, which can become indistinguishable from the primary trunk with age. Old trees can spread laterally by using these prop roots to grow over a wide area. In some species, the prop roots develop over a considerable area that resembles a grove of trees, with every trunk connected directly or indirectly to the primary trunk. The topology of this massive root system inspired the name of the hierarchical computer network operating system "Banyan VINES".
In a banyan that envelops its host tree, the mesh of roots growing around the latter eventually applies considerable pressure to and commonly kills it. Such an enveloped, dead tree eventually decomposes, so that the banyan becomes a "columnar tree" with a hollow, central core. In jungles, such hollows are very desirable shelters to many animals.
Etymology
The name was originally given to F. benghalensis and comes from India, where early European travelers observed that the shade of the tree was frequented by Banyans (a corruption of Baniyas, a community of Indian traders).
Classification
The original banyan, F. benghalensis, can grow into a giant tree covering several hectares. Over time, the name became generalized to all strangler figs of the Urostigma subgenus. The many banyan species also include:
Ficus microcarpa, which is native to Pakistan, India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, China, Taiwan, the Malay Archipelago, Mainland Southeast Asia, New Guinea, Australia, Ryukyu Islands and New Caledonia, is a significant invasive species elsewhere.
The Central American banyan (Ficus pertusa) is native to Central America and northern South America, from southern Mexico south to Paraguay.
The shortleaf fig (Ficus citrifolia) is native to South Florida, the Caribbean islands, Central America, and South America south to Paraguay. One theory is that the Portuguese name for F. citrofolia, os barbados, gave Barbados its name.
The Florida strangler fig (Ficus aurea) is also native to South Florida and the Caribbean islands, and distinguished from the above by its coarser leaf venation.
The Moreton Bay fig (Ficus macrophylla) and Port Jackson fig (Ficus rubiginosa) are other related species.
In horticulture
Due to the complex structure of the roots and extensive branching, the banyan is used as a subject specimen in penjing and bonsai. The oldest living bonsai in Taiwan is a 240-year-old banyan tree housed in Tainan.
In culture
Religion and mythology
Banyan trees figure prominently in several Asian and Pacific religions and myths, including:
In Hinduism, the leaf of the banyan tree is said to be the resting place for the god Krishna.
In the Bhagavat Gita, Krishna said, "There is a banyan tree which has its roots upward and its branches down, and the Vedic hymns are its leaves. One who knows this tree is the knower of the Vedas." (Bg 15.1) Here the material world is described as a tree whose roots are upwards and branches are below. We have experience of a tree whose roots are upward: if one stands on the bank of a river or any reservoir of water, they can see that the trees reflected in the water are upside down. The branches go downward and the roots upward. Similarly, this material world is a reflection of the spiritual world. The material world is but a shadow of reality. In the shadow there is no reality or substantiality, but from the shadow we can understand that there is substance and reality.
Vat Purnima is a Hindu festival related to the banyan tree. Vat Purnima is observed by married women in North India and in the Western Indian states of Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat. During the three days of the month of Jyeshtha in the Hindu calendar (which falls in May–June in the Gregorian calendar) married women observe a fast and tie threads around a banyan tree and pray for the well-being of their husbands.
In Buddhism's Pali canon, the banyan (Pali: nigrodha) is referenced numerous times. Typical metaphors allude to the banyan's epiphytic nature, likening the banyan's supplanting of a host tree as comparable to the way sensual desire (kāma) overcomes humans.
In Guam, the Chamorro people believe in tales of taotaomona, duendes, and other spirits. Taotaomona are spirits of the ancient Chamorro that act as guardians to banyan trees.
In Vietnamese mythology of the Mid-Autumn Festival, the dark markings on the Moon are a banyan, a magical tree originally planted by a man named Cuội on Earth. When their wife watered it with unclean water, the tree uprooted itself with the man hanging on it and flew to the Moon, where they eternally accompanied the Moon Lady and the Jade Rabbit.
In the Philippines, they are usually referred to as balete trees, which are home to certain deities and spirits.
In Okinawa, the tree is referred to as gajumaru, which, according to traditional folklore, is the home for the mythical Kijimuna.
List of historical banyan trees
Thimmamma Marrimanu is a banyan tree in Anantapur, located circa 35 km from the town of Kadiri in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is present in the Indian Botanical Gardens and is more than 550 years old & its canopy covers
One of the largest trees, the Great Banyan is found in Kolkata, India. It is said to be more than 250 years old and covers 4.67 acres.
Another such tree, Dodda Aalada Mara as in "Big Banyan Tree", is found in the village of Ramohalli, on the outskirts of Bangalore, India; it has a spread of circa 2.5 acres.
The Iolani Palace banyans in Honolulu, Hawaii. In the 1880s Queen Kapiolani planted two banyan trees within the Iolani Palace grounds. These trees have since grown into large groupings of trees on the old historic palace grounds.
Maui, Hawaii has the Banyan Tree in Lahaina planted by William Owen Smith in 1873 in Lahaina's Courthouse Square. It has grown to cover two-thirds of an acre.
One large banyan tree, Kalpabata, is inside the premises of Jagannath Temple in Puri. It is considered sacred by the devotees and is supposed to be more than 500 years old.
A large banyan tree lives in Cypress Gardens, at the Legoland theme park located in Winter Haven, Florida. It was planted in 1939 in a 5-gallon bucket.
Other
The banyan tree is depicted in the coat of arms of Indonesia as a manifestation of the third principle of Pancasila (the unity of all of Indonesia). It is also used in the emblem of Golkar.
The Economist magazine features an opinion column covering topics pertaining to Asia named "Banyan".
In southern Vanuatu, the clearings under banyan trees are used as traditional meeting places. The quarterly newsletter of the British Friends of Vanuatu Society is named Nabanga, after the local word for banyan.
The Banyan Tree is a notoriously difficult room in the 1984 ZX Spectrum platform game Jet Set Willy.
Vadodara, a city in Gujarat, India, is literally named after Banyan trees. Banyan, locally known as Vad were found in abundance here.
The Foggy Swamp in Avatar: The Last Airbender consists of a single banyan grove tree.
On 13 December 2021, Chinese Communist Party (CCP) general secretary Xi Jinping personally intervened to punish and demote 10 CCP officials in Guangzhou after they cut down or uprooted thousands of banyan trees.
Gallery
See also
Bodhi Tree
Midh Ranjha tree
The Great Banyan
References
External links
Stranglers and Banyans, palomar.edu
Plant Cultures: Banyan tree history and botany, plantcultures.org.uk
Sacred trees in Hinduism
Trees in Buddhism
Epiphytes
National symbols of India
Plant common names
Sheikh Hassan Haroon (died 6 May 2021) was an Indian politician from the state of Goa. They were a five term member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Mormugao constituency.
Political career
Haroon was the Industry minister of Goa from 1999 to 2002 and Speaker of the Goa Legislative Assembly from 1991 to 1995. They were also the Law and Revenue Minister of Goa from 1984 to 1989.
Mormugao Assembly Constituency
Haroon was a five term member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Mormugao constituency, four terms from 1977 to 1994 and 1999 to 2002.
Indian National Congress (Sheik Hassan)
After leaving the Indian National Congress Haroon floated their own political party called Indian National Congress (Sheik Hassan) in 2002. Later this party merged with Bharatiya Janata Party.
References
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
2021 deaths
People from South Goa district
Speakers of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Indian National Congress politicians from Goa
Year of birth missing
Indian National Congress (U) politicians
Indian Muslims
John Pettigrew "Ian" MacFarlane (born 5 December 1968) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Hamilton Academical, Dumbarton and Clydebank.
References
1968 births
Scottish footballers
Dumbarton F.C. players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Clydebank F.C. (1965) players
Scottish Football League players
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Bellshill
Bellshill Athletic F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Ingeborg Beugel (born 1960) is a Dutch freelance correspondent. Based in Greece, they had to temporarily leave the country in November 2021 after publicly questioning the Greek Prime Minister about pushbacks in Greece.
Early life
Beugel was born in 1960 to an educated family with left-wing political inclinations. They spent their early childhood in the Hague, but the family moved to Brussels, Belgium at the age of 11 as their father, a stockbroker, had taken up a job there. They then moved to Amsterdam at the age of 18 to study history. In their final year of university, Beugel went to Athens to interview a Greek minister for NRC Handelsblad. During this time, they fell in love with an official from the ministry and ended up moving to Greece before their graduation. They then married and had two children.
Career
Following their relocation to Greece, Beugel started working as a freelance journalist. They resided on the island of Hydra "for almost 40 years". In 1994, reporting for Elsevier, they travelled with a Greek humanitarian aid convoy during the Bosnian War. This convoy, which was sent for the Bosnian Serbs, passed through areas where Bosnian Muslims had been targeted by the Serb forces in their acts of ethnic cleansing. Beugel reported being "physically prevented" from speaking to Muslims by the Greek authorities in charge of the convoy.
They worked as a documentary producer for the Dutch public broadcaster IKON. They produced the film Geloof, seks en wanhoof about love and sexuality in an increasingly multicultural Netherlands. In 2014, they made the documentary film Uitgebloe(i)d? about menopause, aimed at "breaking the taboo" around the issue, inspired by their own experiences.
They also reported for KRO.
Incidents in 2021
In June 2021, Beugel was arrested on the charge of "facilitating the illegal stay of a foreigner in Greece". This was based on the fact that they had hosted an Afghan asylum seeker in their house in Hydra, whilst they were in the process of appealing the rejection of their request for asylum. Beugel had previously reported on this individual's story and said that it was "not a secret" that they had been residing with them After being charged, they were released. They said that their arrest was in line with other complaints of harassments of journalists by Greek police.
In November 2021, at the joint press conference of Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis with the Dutch PM Mark Rutte, Beugel asked Mitsotakis when they would "stop lying" about pushbacks in Greece. Mitsotakis responded angrily, as they considered the question to be insulting. They stated that Greece deserved praise for saving lives at sea and told Beugel to blame "those who have been instrumentalising migration systematically". Their exchange of words went viral in Greece and the next days, Beugel faced online harassment, received death threats and had details of their personal life reported in the media. They also reported that a man threw a stone at them that hit them in the face, and called them a "Turkish spy". After taking advice from the Dutch Embassy in Athens, they left the country. Beugel's treatment was condemned by The Coalition For Women In Journalism. Pavol Szalai, the head of the European Union and Balkans desk of Reporters Without Borders, stated that Beugel had been the target of "a well-orchestrated discreditation campaign on social networks and in pro-government media, but also a physical attack that forced them to plan leaving the country" and considered this to be a part of a trend of journalists working on migration being targeted in Greece, pointing out the recent surveillance of Stavros Malichudis.
In January 2022, Beugel attended a demonstration in Athens.
References
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Dutch journalists
21st-century Dutch journalists
Dutch documentary filmmakers
Dutch expatriates in Greece
Valvettithurai (; ), sometimes shortened as VVT or Valvai, is a coastal town of Jaffna District on the northeast coast of the Jaffna Peninsula in Northern Province, Sri Lanka governed by an Urban Council of the same name. Valvettithurai was historically known for its seafaring traditions and olden transnational shipping trade.
The town is popularly known for being the birthplace of Velupillai Prabhakaran, the head of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam or the Tamil Tigers, a Tamil nationalist militant group that waged a war for an independent state in the North and East. Valvettithurai is also the place of birth, of the leaders of the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization, Kuttimani and Nadarajah Thangathurai.
Etymology
Valvettithurai in Tamil could mean "The port of the expanse of forest land/scrub jungle" or "The port of the raised stretch of open land". The word Valvettithurai seems to have been derived from the combination of Tamil words Vallai meaning a big forest or a raised stretch of land, Vedi which means expanse or open space, and Thurai which refers to seaport.
History
According to folk etymology, was the foundation of the village laid by a Maravar chieftain known as Valliathevan, who was given the land by the founder of the Jaffna Kingdom. The clans of the Maravars of southern Tamil Nadu and the Karaiyars of Valvetthithurai have long had coastal military alliances through trade and marriage. Both clans have long engaged in seatrade, with Valvettithurai being a prominent seaport in the northern Jaffna region.
The coastal clans of Valvettithurai were involved in warfare. The coastal chiefs of Valvettithurai fought under the leadership of Migapulle Arachchi and fought on the side of Jaffna king Cankili II in the Portuguese conquest of the Jaffna kingdom.
The population of the coastal town are predominantly Shaivites. The Kadalodiekal own the major temples such as the famous Vaitheeswaran Sivan kovil. The Kadalodikal (Tamil name for mariners) of Valvettithurai, the wealthier clan of the Karaiyars were specifically involved in the seatrade between Jaffna region and the Coromandel Coast, including up to the coasts of Myanmar. The Japanese occupation of Burma, hindered the seatrade of the Kadalodiekal. Their situation was deteriorated with the colonial independence of Sri Lanka, and many of the Kadalodiekal got engaged in large-scale smuggling between Sri Lanka and India. The town also produced the renowned brigantine known locally as Annapoorani Ammal. This native vessel known as thoni, built with a blend of Jaffna and European tradition, sailed from Valvettithurai to Gloucester in Massachusetts of the United States in 1937. Built in 1930 by native traditional shipwrighters for the purpose of serving as a cargo ship in the Indian rice trade, the vessel was bought by an american known as William C. Robinson. Robinson, changing the name of the ship to Florence C. Robinson (after their wife), sailed to the U.S with a crew of six natives from Valvettithurai including their Thandayal (Tamil for sea captain) known as Kanagaratnam Thambapillai.
As an effect of the 1958 anti-Tamil pogroms, severals students from Valvettithurai formed organisations based on Sri Lankan Tamil nationalism, such as the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization (TELO), founded by Kuttimani and Thangadurai of Valvettithurai. One of the earliest members of this organisation was Velupillai Prabhakaran of Valvettithurai, who later became the leader and founder of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE). Several chief commanders of the LTTE, such as Colonel Kittu, were natives of Valvettithurai.
Geography
Valvettithuri is a coastal town bounded by the Indian Ocean to its north. It is situated at the tip of the northern province and is considered as a place of strategic importance due to the presence of the Palk Strait and its close proximity to the coast of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The northern coast of the island was severely impacted by the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami which claimed several thousand lives.
It is also flourished by the Thondamannar lagoon which meets the sea through a long, narrow channel to the west of the town. The lagoon's water is brackish to saline. The lagoon has extensive mudflats, seagrass beds and mangrove swamps, particularly Avicennia. The lagoon attracts a wide variety of water birds including American Flamingoes, ducks, gulls, terns and other shorebirds.
There exists a barrage and bridge on the Highway preventing seawater from entering into the Thondamannar lagoon which is a primary source of drinking water for the locals. Across the bridge, to the west of the town, lie the towns of Paalai and Kankesanturai, much of whose lands have been seized under the Sri Lankan military's High Security Zone(HSZ). To the eastern end of the town, is the town of Paruthithurai or Point Pedro, the northernmost point of the island.
Climate
The temperature varies from 26-34 °C. The town experiences a moderate climate in September–January. It receives much of its rainfall during the North East monsoon between October to December. Being a coastal town, the weather is also influenced by cyclones and tropical currents.
Demographics
The population is mainly Sri Lankan Tamils of Hindu or Catholic faith. The main industry is farming, fishing and trading. The mouth of the Thondamannar lagoon has the popular Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Murugan called Selva Sannithy. The town had been severely affected by the country's civil war with a number of forced disappearances and attacks against local civilians by the Sri Lankan military. It was the site of two brutal massacres of local Tamil civilians by occupying armies. In 1985 the Sri Lankan military rounded local people up into the library and blew up the building. In 1989 the Indian army rounded up people into the village square and opened fire on them, as well as people in shops and their homes.
The population of the town, as of 2007 stood at 18,000 and bears a high population density of 3711 persons per square km.
Education
The Valvai Chithamabara College is the major higher educational institution in Valvettithurai. The town is the home to several primary schools:
The town also houses a good number of public libraries.
Notable Personalities
Velupillai Prabhakaran, founder and head of the separatist group Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE)
Kuttimani, a member of the parliament, founder and leader of Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization (TELO)
Nadarajah Thangathurai, co-founder and leader of the TELO.
Gnanamoorthy, co-founder of the Tamil United Liberation Front, a Tamil political party in the island.
Navaratnaswamy, the first person ever to swim across the Palk Strait, to Point Calimere in the Tamil Nadu coast from Valvettithurai.
V. S. Kumar Anandan, the first person ever to swim from Valvettithurai - Sri Lanka to India and back. A Guinness World Records holder who held the maximum number of Individual Guinness Records at a point.
M. K. Shivajilingam, former member of parliament in Sri Lanka
See also
1985 Valvettithurai massacre
1989 Valvettithurai massacre
VVT (gang)
References
External links
Valvettithurai Urban Council Website Link
www.vvtaustralia.com Link
Populated places in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
The Treaty of Fort St. Stephens or Treaty of Choctaw Trading House was signed between the United States and the Choctaws. The treaty was signed at the Choctaw trading house on October 24, 1816. It ceded of Choctaw land east of the Tombigbee River. The land was exchanged for 6,000 US dollars annually for twenty years. In 2008 dollars that would be nearly $80,000.
Terms
The preamble begins with,
1. Lands to be ceded.
2. Pay the Choctaw $6000 US dollars annually for 20 years and $10000 worth of merchandise.
Signatories
John Coffee, John Rhea, John McKee, Mushoolatubbee, Pooshamallaha, Pukshunnubbu, General Terror, Choctaw Eestannokee, General Humming Bird, Talking warrior, David Folsom, Bob Cole, Oofuppa, Hoopoieeskitteenee, Hoopoieemiko, and Hoopoieethoma.
Witness: Tho. H. Williams, secretary to the commission; John Pitchlynn, interpreter; Turner Broshear, interpreter; M. Mackey, interpreter; Silas Dinsmoor; and R. Chamberlin.
See also
List of Choctaw Treaties
Treaty of Hopewell
Treaty of Fort Adams
Treaty of Fort Confederation
Treaty of Hoe Buckintoopa
Treaty of Mount Dexter
Treaty of Doak's Stand
Treaty of Washington City
Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
List of treaties
Citations
External links
Indian Affairs: Laws and Treaties (Treaty with the Choctaw, 1816)
CPI Calculator
Fort St. Stephens
1816 treaties
1816 in the United States
Oreste Arpè (18 June 1889 – July 1977) was an Italian wrestler. They competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1889 births
1977 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Italy
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Italian male sport wrestlers
People from La Spezia
Sportspeople from the Province of La Spezia
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen – The Album is a compilation album of various artists' music from the 2009 live-action Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The official single is "New Divide" by Linkin Park. It was rumored that Dead by Sunrise would be releasing a track called "Crawl Back In" for the soundtrack. However, Chester Bennington said they decided not to include it. Similarly, Tyrese Gibson, who plays Sgt. Epps in the movie, said that they would be in a duet track with Jewel (produced by Babyface), titled "Make It Last", which they had hoped would appear in the film's soundtrack, but ultimately did not. The album charted at #7 on the US Billboard 200 album chart.
Track listing
Not included in the Soundtrack
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
Revenge of the Fallen – The Album
2009 soundtrack albums
2000s film soundtrack albums
Tyra Calderwood (born 19 September 1990) is a former professional Australian tennis player. Them highest WTA singles ranking is 607, which they reached on 6 October 2008. Them career high in doubles is 190, set on 10 September 2012.
Early life and junior career
Calderwood was born in Sydney, New South Wales and started playing tennis at the age of three.
They have had limited success on the circuit, though their junior ranking did peak at 33 in 2007.
Career
In 2008, they made their WTA doubles debut after being given a wild card with Alenka Hubacek into the Australian Open. However, they lost first round in straight sets. in December of that year they won the Sorrento ITF doubles title with Shannon Golds.
In 2009, they received wildcards into the doubles tournaments at both the Medibank International and the Australian Open, losing first round in both tournaments.
ITF Circuit finals
Doubles: 14 (6–8)
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Tennis players from Sydney
Old Paint is the seventh studio album by Australian country singer Gina Jeffreys. It was released on the Independent label Ocean Road Music and distributed by Sony Music Australia in September 2010.
The album is a tribute to their early influences, aspirations and much loved childhood memories. The album was recorded in one week. Them husband, Rod McCormack, produced and plays each and every instrument heard on the album.
Jeffreys said "Mum would always cry when I sang "Crazy" live" (and) ""Blue Bayou" was the first song I sang publicly at age 14 to audition for a band."
Reception
Susan Jarvis of Country Music Capital News said; "..Just a few minutes in, I was completely captivated. Instead of simply re-hashing songs performed a million times before, Gina and Rod McCormack have breathed new life into these classic songs. With the focus is on a real, organic recording, all the warmth, familiarity and love present in Gina and Rod's home studio comes through. The performances on songs like "You Don't Know Me", "Dream a Little Dream", "When You Wish Upon a Star" and "Smile" are simply exquisite, and you'll hear these songs as if for the first time. A highlight is their rendition of "Old Paint". Old Paint is an album to be treasured and savoured by country fans everywhere."
Track listing
Standard Edition (ORMGJA04)
"It Doesn't Matter Anymore" (Paul Anka)
"Blue Bayou" (Roy Orbison, Joe Melson) - 4:11
"Dream a Little Dream of Me" (Fabian Andre, Wilbur Schwandt, Gus Kahn) - 3:29
"I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry" (Hank Williams) - 3:08
"Crazy" (Willie Nelson)- 4:51
"Here, There & Everywhere" (Lennon–McCartney) - 3:07
"You Don't Know Me" (Eddy Arnold, Cindy Walker) - 3:54
"He Thinks I Still Care" (Dickey Lee, Steve Duffy) - 3:22
"When You Wish Upon a Star" (Leigh Harline, Ned Washington) - 3:28
"Old Paint" (Traditional, Linda Ronstadt) - 2:36
"Smile" (Charlie Chaplin, John Turner, Geoffrey Parsons) - 4:08
References
2010 albums
Covers albums
Albums produced by Rod McCormack
Gina Jeffreys albums
Rip'a station is a railway station in Rip'a-ri, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 4 December 1943 along with the rest of the Tongam–Paekkŭmsan section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
General Fischer may refer to:
Adolf Fischer (officer) (1893–1947), German Wehrmacht major general
Gotthard Fischer (1891–1969), German Wehrmacht lieutenant general
Hermann Fischer (general) (1894–1968), German Wehrmacht lieutenant general
Jean Chrétien Fischer (1713–1762), German-born French Army general
Wolfgang Fischer (1888–1943), German Wehrmacht general
See also
General Fisher (disambiguation)
Richard William Hills (born 8 January 1951) is a former English professional cricketer. They were born in Borough Green in Kent and played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1973 and 1980.
Hills first played for Kent's Second XI in 1968 before going on to make their senior debut for the side in the 1973 Benson & Hedges Cup against Sussex. They made their first-class cricket debut later the same season, playing against the touring West Indians in July at Canterbury. They went on to appear in over 180 first team matches for Kent as a bowler, playing regularly between 1975 and 1980 when they left the club.
A medium-pace bowler, Hills took two five wicket hauls during their first-class career. Their best first-class bowling figures of 6/64 were taken against Gloucestershire at Folkestone in 1978. They were awarded their county cap in 1977 and was part of the Kent teams which won the County Championship in 1977 and 1978 and six one-day trophies from 1973 to 1978.
After retiring from cricket at the end of the 1980 season, Hills became a teacher. They coached cricket at Eltham College and Sevenoaks School.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Tonbridge and Malling (district)
Sculli is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Giuseppe Sculli (born 1981), Italian footballer
Luigi Sculli (1921–1959), Italian footballer
The Swedish Civil Protection Association Medal of Merit (, SCFGM/SM) is a Swedish medal awarded by the Swedish Civil Protection Association (Sveriges Civilförsvarsförbund, SCF) for meritorious service.
History
The medal was established on 25 August 1941 as the National Aerial Protection Association Medal of Merit (, RLSFM). On 17 July 1951, the medal change name to Swedish Civil Protection Association Medal of Merit ().
Appearance
Medal
The medal is on the obverse fitted with the King's portrait and the inscription CARL XVI GUSTAF SVERIGES KONUNG ("CARL XVI GUSTAF KING OF SWEDEN")( (since 1973). On the reverse, its fitted is the association's emblem, a winged grenade with Three Crowns, and the inscription SVERIGES CIVILFÖRSVARSFÖRBUND ("SWEDISH CIVIL PROTECTION ASSOCIATION") as well as a plate for engraving the recipient's name and year of awarding. The medal is crowned with a royal crown.
Ribbon
The medal is attached to a 35 mm wide dark blue ribbon with moiré pattern.
Criteria
Gold
The gold medal is usually awarded for at least 10 years of particularly meritorious service at national or district level and for exceptional contributions at association level. As a rule, the gold medal should only be awarded to those who have previously received the silver medal.
Silver
The silver medal is usually awarded for at least 5 years of meritorious service at national or district level and for exceptional contributions at association level. As a rule, the silver medal should not be awarded before the person in question has previously received the Swedish Civil Protection Association Merit Badge (, SCFGFt) in gold.
Presenting
Awards are presented in solemn forms, usually at a district or association meeting or at another solemn occasion. The medal of merit is usually handed over at the Swedish Civil Protection Association's national assembly. As a rule, the quota of ten gold medals and thirty silver medals should not be exceeded at each meeting. If there are special reasons, the number may be exceeded following a decision by the national board and can also be awarded on other occasions than the national assembly. The right to propose the award of medals of merit belongs to a member of the national board, district board or association board. The national board decides on the awarding of medals of merit. Awards are accompanied by diplomas issued by the Swedish Civil Protection Association.
Wearing
Medals of merit and merit badges may be worn at the same time, but only the highest denomination within each award. Miniature medals for the medal of merit can be ordered through the national association's office.
Footnotes
References
Notes
Print
Orders, decorations, and medals of Sweden
Awards established in 1941
1941 establishments in Sweden
The Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's basketball team is the intercollegiate women's basketball program representing University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana. The program currently competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference of NCAA Division I. The Fighting Irish play their home games in the Purcell Pavilion at the Edmund P. Joyce Center, and are currently coached by Niele Ivey.
History
Former coach Muffet McGraw was the women's head coach from 1987 to 2020 and led the Irish to two National Championships in 2001 and 2018. The Irish's first national championship team in 2001 was led by 6-foot-5 center and future WNBA star Ruth Riley, who led the Irish past Purdue 68–66.
Under McGraw's flight attendantship, Notre Dame has reached the Final Four nine times (1997, 2001, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2018 and 2019), which currently ranks 5th all time in NCAA history. Notre Dame has made it to the Sweet Sixteen in each of the last ten seasons (2010–19), has won 20 or more games in 24 of the past 25 seasons, and has won 30 or more games in eight consecutive seasons (2011–19). The Irish have made 26 NCAA tournament appearances as of the end of the 2018–19 season, including a current streak of 24 appearances. In the current streak, Notre Dame has made it to the second round in all but one of the appearances.
McGraw would take the Fighting Irish back to the Final Four in 2011 under the play of star point guard Skylar Diggins, beating Pat Summitt's Tennessee Lady Volunteers; the program's first win against the Lady Vols in 21 tries. That win was followed by an upset of the number one-ranked UConn Huskies (making Notre Dame the first team ever to beat both Tennessee and UConn in the same tournament) to advance the Fighting Irish to the 2011 championship game, where it lost to Texas A&M. The Irish would return to the championship game in 2012, losing to unbeaten Baylor after winning the Big East regular season title and beating UConn again to reach the final.
In the 2012–2013 season, the Irish, led by Diggins and shooting guard Kayla McBride, posted their best regular season record in school history (31–1), despite losing Big East defensive player of the year Devereaux Peters and two other starters to graduation. Their only regular season loss was to Baylor, and the team posted wins over #9 Tennessee in Knoxville and a narrow 1 point at #1 Connecticut. The Irish completed an undefeated 16–0 Big East regular season championship vs #3 Connecticut in the final game of the season, winning a triple overtime thriller to close out Diggins' career in South Bend. UConn and Notre Dame would again meet in the Big East Tournament final, with Notre Dame winning narrowly 61–59 to claim their first ever Big East tournament championship. Notre Dame had lost to UConn in the finale 6 previous times.
Notre Dame made it to the national championship game in 2014 and 2015, twice losing to Connecticut.
After an injury plagued start to the 2017–18 season, which saw four Irish players lost to injury, Notre Dame won its second National Championship by beating Mississippi State 61–58. Junior guard Arike Ogunbowale scored the game winning three point shot with 1/10th of a second left, two days after scoring a similar buzzer beater to knock out Connecticut in the semifinal game. The win was coach McGraw's second national championship and 800th win at Notre Dame. Four of the returning five starters, including Ogunbowle, Jackie Young, Marina Mabry and Jessica Shepard, returned to the Final Four the following year. The Irish would beat Uconn 81–76 before falling by 1 point to Baylor, 82–81.
Current roster
Awards and honors
National Awards
Players
Naismith College Player of the Year
Ruth Riley – 2001
AP National Player of the Year
Ruth Riley – 2001
Sports Illustrated National Player of the Year
Ruth Riley – 2001
NCAA basketball tournament Most Outstanding Player
Ruth Riley – 2001
Arike Ogunbowale – 2018
Nancy Lieberman Award
Skylar Diggins – 2012, 2013
Elite 90 Award
Nicole Benz – 2019
Coaches
Naismith College Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 2001, 2013, 2014
AP Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 2001, 2013, 2014, 2018
WBCA Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 2001, 2013, 2014
USBWA Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 2001, 2013, 2014
Conference Awards
Players
ACC Athlete of the Year
Arike Ogunbowale – 2018
ACC Player of the Year
Kayla McBride – 2014
Jewell Loyd – 2015
Brianna Turner – 2016
ACC Defensive Player of the Year
Brianna Turner – 2016, 2017, 2019
ACC Freshman of the Year
Brianna Turner – 2015
Big East Player of the Year
Ruth Riley – 2001
Jacqueline Batteast – 2005
Skylar Diggins – 2012, 2013
Big East Freshman of the Year
Alicia Ratay – 2000
Jacqueline Batteast – 2002
Jewell Loyd – 2013
Big East Defensive Player of the Year
Ruth Riley – 1999, 2000, 2001
Devereaux Peters – 2011, 2012
Midwestern Collegiate Conference/Horizon League Player of the Year
Karen Robinson – 1990, 1991
North Star Conference Player of the Year
Trena Keys – 1985, 1986
Coaches
ACC Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 2014, 2016
Big East Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 2001, 2013
Midwestern Collegiate Conference/Horizon League Coach of the Year
Muffet McGraw – 1991
North Star Conference Coach of the Year
Mary DiStanislao – 1985, 1986
Muffet McGraw – 1988
Season-by-Season Results
NCAA Tournament History
Notre Dame has played in 27 NCAA Tournaments with a record of 69–25.
References
External links
Haskin is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located Southwest of the Hevesy crater and the Plaskett crater; the latter of which is located directly adjacent to the large Rozhdestvenskiy crater. The crater was adopted and named after American chemist Larry Haskin by the IAU in 2009.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Eublemma viettei is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in Ethiopia, Madagascar, Mauritius, Zimbabwe and in Réunion.
Its length is about 7–8 mm, with a wingspan of approx. 14–16 mm.
References
Moths described in 1954
Boletobiinae
Moths of Madagascar
Insects of Réunion
Moths of Africa
Nicolas Bokov (7 July 1945 – 2 December 2019) was a Russian writer, who emigrated to France in 1975.
Biography
In 1969, Bokov received a degree in philosophy from Moscow State University. They worked at Moscow State for the next three years, but was fired from their position by request of the KGB. They were then often harassed and interrogated by the Soviet government for their involvement in dissent. They published numerous books criticizing the Soviet government written under a pseudonym, which were sold in Western Europe.
On 25 April 1975, Bokov emigrated to Austria, then to France. They wrote books and worked for news agencies. Bokov converted to Christianity in 1982 and took a break from writing. They began to travel throughout the world, residing briefly in the United States, Europe, Greece, and Israel.
In 1988, Bokov returned to France, and began practicing asceticism, residing in the streets of Paris rather than living in a permanent home. They returned to writing in 1998, with the book Dans la rue, à Paris, which was prefaced by Abbé Pierre.
They received The Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation's prize of the Institut de France in 2001.
Bokov had a column in La Vie russe until 2002.
They were also a member of the PEN Club français.
Works
Nobody (1975)
La Tête de Lénine (1982)
Der Fremdling (1982)
Dans la rue, à Paris (1998)
Déjeuner au bord de la Baltique (1999)
La Conversion (2002)
La Zone de réponse (2003)
Or d'automne et pointe d'argent. Conversations avec Victor Koulbak. (2005)
De tout un peu (2005)
Liquidation (2008)
Où va la Russie, et la France avec elle ? (2008)
Fragmentarium (2008)
Envie de miracle (2009)
Opération Betterave (2010)
Le Pic Dorothée (2010)
La Bavure (2010)
Loin de la Tour Eiffel (2015)
References
1945 births
2019 deaths
Russian emigrants to France
20th-century Russian writers
21st-century Russian writers
Writers from Moscow
Converts to Christianity
Ascetics
Al Binaa () is a Lebanese daily newspaper published in Arabic in Beirut, Lebanon. Founded in 1958, it is published by the National Media Company (Arabic الشركة القومية للإعلام, pronounced Al-Sharika Al-Qawmiya lil-I'lam), which is aligned with the Syrian Social Nationalist Party in Lebanon. The editor-in-chief is the Lebanese politician and former member of Parliament, Nasser Qandil.
References
External links
Official website
1958 establishments in Lebanon
Arabic-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Beirut
Publications established in 1958
Daily newspapers published in Lebanon
Syrian Social Nationalist Party
Daniel Charles Williams (born March 8, 1989) is a professional soccer player who last played for Pafos in the Cypriot First Division, and the United States national team.
Early life
Born in Karlsruhe, West Germany, Williams is the son of an African American father and German mother. Their father is originally from North Carolina, and was stationed in Heidelberg while serving in the United States military. Williams is a citizen of both Germany and the United States.
Club career
SC Freiburg
Williams began their career in 1998 with the Karlsruher SC youth setup and played from July 2004 for the SC Freiburg youth and reserve sides.
They made their Bundesliga debut for the Freibrug first team on January 22, 2010 against Stuttgart. They would go on to make nine appearances for Freiburg in 2010, two of them being starts.
1899 Hoffenheim
Williams joined the Bundesliga club Hoffenheim on August 31, 2011. During their first appearance for the club on September 10, 2011, they made an assist in a 4–0 Hoffenheim victory over Mainz.
Reading
On June 25, 2013, it was confirmed that Williams joined Reading in the English Championship on a four-year contract. On August 3, Williams made their debut in the season opener against Ipswich Town. They came on as a sub in the second half as Reading won the game 2–1. They scored their first goal for the club on February 1, 2014, in a 3–0 win against Millwall.
Huddersfield Town
On July 4, 2017, Williams signed a two-year contract with newly promoted Premier League side Huddersfield Town after rejecting a new contract with Reading. They made their league debut against Crystal Palace in a 3–0 win. They scored their first goal for Huddersfield in an FA Cup tie against Bolton Wanderers on 6 January 2018. On May 17, 2019, Huddersfield announced that they were releasing Williams at the end of the season.
Pafos
On September 6, 2019, Williams signed for Pafos of the Cypriot First Division. On May 18, 2020, Pafos announced that Williams had left the club by mutual termination of their contract.
International career
Williams represented the Germany under-15 team. However, due to FIFA regulations concerning dual citizenship, they remained eligible to play at the senior level for either Germany or the United States.
On September 30, 2011, Williams obtained an American passport, making them eligible to play for the United States national team. They were called up by the United States team for two friendlies in October 2011, and made their first appearance for the U.S. on October 8, 2011 in a 1–0 victory against Honduras. Williams was the first player to earn their first national team cap under the Americans' new head coach Jürgen Klinsmann. On June 5, 2015 Williams scored their first international goal in Amsterdam in a friendly against the Netherlands. The goal was an equalizer for the United States who had been trailing 3–1 against the Dutch. The United States went on to win the game 4–3. On September 8, 2015, they scored a goal in a friendly against Brazil which ended in a 4–1 defeat.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list United States' goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Williams goal.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Karlsruhe
German people of African-American descent
Citizens of the United States through descent
German emigrants to the United States
German footballers
Germany youth international footballers
African-American soccer players
American soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
German expatriate footballers
American expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in England
Association football midfielders
SC Freiburg players
Karlsruher SC players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II players
Reading F.C. players
Bundesliga players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Pafos FC players
Premier League players
English Football League players
Cypriot First Division players
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
In enzymology, a mannose isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-mannose D-fructose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-mannose, and one product, D-fructose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-mannose aldose-ketose-isomerase. Other names in common use include D-mannose isomerase, and D-mannose ketol-isomerase. This enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism.
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Epoxy putty refers to a group of room-temperature-hardening substances used as space-filling adhesives. Exact compositions vary according to manufacturer and application. They are stored until use as two components of clay-like consistency. Kneading the two components into each other creates an exothermic chemical reaction that activates the substance for use by catalyzing an epoxide polymerisation reaction. Unlike many other types of glues, an epoxy adhesive can fill gaps and even be molded into a structural part. Some makers claim in advertising that one can drill and tap their cured products, and that they quickly cure "hard as steel" (as measured by Shore rating), though they are much weaker than steel in tensile strength and shear strength.
Epoxy putty is often used by miniature modelers and sculptors. Modelers use it to join disparate parts into a whole with the joins covered by molded putty, often shaped into protrusions or textures to match its surroundings. The most common variety of epoxy putty used in modeling has its component clays colored yellow and blue, respectively, and the mixed, hardened end product is green. This has given rise to the colloquial name green stuff for epoxy putty.
See also
Putty
Milliput
Pratley Putty
External links
Megastick Epoxy Putty
How to Glue Styrofoam to Various Surfaces
Adhesives
it:Colla epossidica
| module2 = Martial Arts
, was a Japanese actor and martial artist. Ishibashi had a extensive career in Japanese television, where was famous as portraying villains in historical dramas, in roles such as bad lieutenants, shifty merchants, yakuza, bandits, and corrupt priests.
Ishibashi had significant presence in television productions like NHK's Taiga drama series, The Unfettered Shogun, Hissatsu series and . They also had frequent roles in various 1970s and 1980s Tokusatsu TV series, most notably in Super Sentai series. Their movie career was mostly specialized in martial arts movies and crime dramas. One of their best known starring roles in the west is the role of the villain Tateki Shikenbaru, a.k.a. "Junjo", in the Sonny Chiba vehicle The Street Fighter.
Biography
Born in Hualien City, in Taiwan during the Japanese rule
Their father is a professional soldier and they have two younger brothers. At the end of the war, they repatriated to Yanagawa, Fukuoka, and lived there until they graduated from . Later, they graduated from Nihon University College of Art, Department of Drama.
In 1956, at the same time as graduating from university, they joined a Bungakuza-affiliated Theater Institute and went on to become an actor. Eventually, they became a member of the Bungakuza theater company proper, but they also worked as greengrocer, a pachinko parlor clerk, and a laborer on the side. As Ishibashi had been practicing Goju-Ryu style of Karate since they were a school student, they were hired by Mas Oyama as a Karate Instructor for their Oyama Dojo and the Kyokushin Kaikan, earning their living expenses that way as well.
On the stage, they had roles in the plays Sono hito o shirazu (その人を知らず) (1957) and honō no hito (炎の人) (1958). After leaving Bungakuza in 1964, they became active in TV dramas and movies.
Most of Ishibashi's acting career is focused on Television work. Their first movie role was in the 1970 Toho film Yajūtoshi (野獣都市), based on the 1961 novel by . They had their career breakthrough in the 1973 action film Bodigaado Kiba: Hissatsu sankaku tobi starring Sonny Chiba, playing an antagonist role against the main character.
They had a starring role in the 1974 Sonny Chiba vehicle The Street Fighter. They had been chosen to play the role of "Tateki Shikenbaru", by the recommendation of Sonny Chiba, based of the experiences in the prior movie. They were also stunt coordinator directing all the fighting scenes at the request of the leading Chiba and director Shigehiro Ozawa.
Since then, Ishibashi was active in Toei Company's Martial arts films and action dramas during the 1970s. Ishibashi was also Sonny Chiba's Kyokushin instructor at the Oyama Dojo. Ishibashi also taught karate at the founded by Chiba.
Ishibashi had appeared in the TBS jidaigeki period drama Mito Kōmon 46 times in guest roles. They had also acted in multiple roles in Tokusatsu action series Super Sentai, having had roles in J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai, Battle Fever J, Kagaku Sentai Dynaman, Kousoku Sentai Turboranger, Chōjin Sentai Jetman and Juken Sentai Gekiranger: Nei-Nei! Hou-Hou! Hong Kong Decisive Battle.
In 1978, Ishibashi appeared in Fuji TV's , where their personality was evaluated by Kinichi Hagimoto, who also hosted the show. In 1979, they made a regular appearance in the TV Asashi's variety show , where they played the role of a neighbor of the house where Kinichi Hagimoto's character lives.
They died on December 19, 2018 at the age of 85.
Martial arts
Ishibashi learned judo and kendo from their father from an early age.
While attending Denshukan High School, they practiced judo, and after entering the theater department of Nihon University College of Art, they began attending the Goju-ryu dojo in Asakusa. Eventually, Ishibashi became the captain of the Goju-ryu Karatedo club at the university. and after graduating, they were a martial arts teacher of the same institution.
At the request of Mas Oyama, who is also a senior in Goju-ryu Karate, Ishibashi worked as a instructor at the Oyama Dojo and Kyokushin Kaikan during their early days as an actor. At the time, their Goju-Ryu community disallowed them from teaching Karate at the Oyama's Dojo, because they taught a style independent of Goju-Ryu. But due to Oyama persistently asking Ishibashi, they relented and agreed to teach at Oyama Dojo.
Ishibashi is one of Oyama's so-called legends and was often asked to show the "10-yen coin bending" at Oyama's Karate demonstrations. Ishibashi was also present in witnessing Mas Oyama fighting the 550 kg bull at the Denen Coliseum in November 1956.  They are also a "kotei" of Oyama. Many of Oyama's students under the guidance of Ishibashi later played the role furthering the International Karate Organization.
Ishibashi had coached Terutomo Yamazaki, whom Ishibashi expected to be talented when Yamazaki was still a white belt, and taught them one-on-one after the joint training. In their blog, Ishibashi recounts how Yamazaki, who had won the 1st Open Tournament All Japan Karatedo Championships held by the International Karate Organization for the first time, would first tell this to Ishibashi to their joy. Their master-student relationship continued, with Yamazaki, who was adviser to a wine company, often gifting wine to Ishibashi.
According to Hatsuo Royama; "[Ishibashi] was tall and very flexible, slim and not a [typical karateka], but could easily lift 70-80kg on a bench press." They recounted how Ishibashi managed to completely swarm them in training. Royama also tells that Ishibashi would instruct errors in approach to Kumite.
Shigeru Oyama said of Ishibashi that "There were three great seniors at the time [of the conception of Kyokushin]. Mr. Ishibashi was the kindest of [Mas Oyama's] seniors."
Other students include Hirofumi Okada, Kazuhisa Watanabe, Jun Fujimaki, Yasuhiko Oyama, Jon Bluming, Shinichi Chiba (alias Sonny Chiba), Yuzo Goda, Tadashi Nakamura, Shigeo Kato, Hideyuki Ashihara, Yoshiji Soeno and others.
Personal life
They married in 1963 and has a son. Their own blog states that they are practicing their karate while also training their juniors, and often posted their own haikus.
Filmography
Theater
Sono hito o shirazu (その人を知らず) (1957, Theater Company Bungakuza)
Honō no hito (炎の人) (1958, Theater Company Bungakuza)
Udzuki koi monogatari (雨月恋物語) (1991, Shinbashi Enbujo)
Television
NHK Taiga drama series:
Akō Rōshi (1964)
Kunitori Monogatari (1973)
Katsu Kaishū (1974)
(1977) - as "Kijima Matabei"
Dokuganryū Masamune (1987)
(1995) - as "Masatake Inao"
Aoi (2000) - as "Hirohashi Kanekatsu"
- as "Tadashi Okubo"
(1964-1965, NTV / Shimadzu Pro)
(CX / P Productions) - 2 episodes (10 and 44)
- (NET / Toei Company) - 12 episode appearances (1967-1976)
Key Hunter (TBS / Toei) - 3 appearances (1968, 1971)
Daichūshingura - Episode 7 "The Great Decision" (1971, NET / Mifune Productions) - as Sanroku Mishima
Ōedo Sōsamō (12ch / Nikkatsu → Mifune Productions) - 6 appearances between 1971 to 1991
Kamen Rider series (MBS / Toei)
Kamen Rider - Episode 4 "Man-Eating Sarracenian" (1971) --Combatant No.3
Kamen Rider Super-1 - Episode 1 "The Transformation of a Remodeled Human for the Planet", Episode 2 "The Time for Fighting Comes! The Technique is Akashin Kobayashiken" (1980) -- Gosuke Saruwatari (Fire Kong Humanoid)
Kamen Rider BLACK - Episode 40 "Secret of the Karate Master" (1988) --Saburo Takasugi
Return of Ultraman - Episode 9 "Monster Island SOS" (1971, TBS / Tsuburaya Productions) --Kondo Team Leader
Ronin of the Wilderness (NET / Mifune Productions) - 1st Series Episode 42 (1972) and 2nd Series Episode 32 (1974)
Hissatsu series (ABC / Shochiku)
Hissatsu Shiokiya Kagyō - Episode 19 "I saw the hardships of one-stroke enlightenment" (1975)
Hissatsu Shigotonin (1980)
Episode 39 "Comb Technique Slash! Lullaby"—Genjuro Hashizume
Episode 73 "Disruption Technique Gekijou! Straight Stab"—Tamura Kakunosuke
Shin Hissatsu Shigotonin
Episode 5 "Main Water Part-time Job" (1981) --A Buddhist Monk
Episode 33 "Patience with the Main Water Coarse Food" (1982) -- Norizen Okuhira
Shin hissatsushimainin Episode 7 "Shell Bushi is a Child Abandoned Song" (1982) --Ben
Hissatsu Watashinin Episode 9 "I will hand it over at an unrelated graveyard" (1983) --Genba Akamatsu
Hissatsu Shigoton V Episode 12 "Fighting the Dragon Ninja of the Braid Shop" (1985)-Hajime Tsukumo
Hissastu Hashikaketo Episode 7 "Exploring the Red Plum of Yushima Tenjin" (1985)
Hissatsu Shigoto V. Fierce Fighting Episode 32 "Blacksmith's Government, Fighting Underwater" (1986) --Katsuzo
Hissatsu Shigoton V. Fengyun Ryutora Hen Episode 15 "Edo Daibutsu Karakuri Open Eyes" (1987) --Genda
Hissatsu Shigoton Clash! Episode 19 "Hide, Become a Model for a Female Painter" (1992) --Mamoru Takizawa
Super Sentai series:
J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai (1977) - Iron Claw
Battle Fever J (1979) - Bengal Tiger / Nenriki Phantom Voice (Episode 4), 2nd Commander Hedder/ Header Phantom Voice (Episode 51)
Kagaku Sentai Dynaman (1983) - General Kar
Kousoku Sentai Turboranger (1989) - Dr. Rehda
Chojin Sentai Jetman - Episode 27 "The Great Escape from Makai" (1991) --Yasumoto Shonin
The Unfettered Shogun series: (ANB / Toei)
Series 1 - 5 appearances
Series 2 - 7 appearances
Series 3 - 5 appearances
Series 4 - 2 appearances
Series 5 - Episode 37 "My Love" (1994) --Sotayu Shibanuma
Series 6 - Episode 42 "Mother with Golden Jizo" (1995) --Anzai Hyogo Head
Momotarō-zamurai (NTV / Toei) - 7 appearances between 1979 and 1981
The Super Girl - Episode 13 "Female Dragon, Crimson's Deadly Fist" (1979, 12ch / Toei) -- as Masaru Tendo
G-Men '75 (TBS / Toei) - 2 appearances in 1979 and 1980
- various appearances between 1979 to 2000
Miracle Girl (1980, 12ch / Toei) - two appearances
Shin Edo no Kaze - Episode 24 "Hagure Yado Hostage Incident" (1980, CX / Toho)
Shadow Warriors (KTV / Toei)
Shadow Warriors II - Episode 7 "Phantom! Scorpion Raid" (1981) --Rando Sakai
Shadow Warriors IV - Episode 8 "A Flock of Prostitutes Glittering in the Darkness" (1985) --Tokubei Matsunoya
Tokusō Saizensen - Episode 230 "Strip Scandal!" (1981, ANB / Toei) --Genji Yamamoto
Metal Hero Series (ANB / Toei)
Space Sheriff Gavan - Episode 3 "It's hard! Stop Dr. Kuroboshi's Bem project" (1982) --Dr. Kuroboshi
Super Rescue Solbrain - Episode 25 "Respond to the Giant Mothership" (1991) --Professor Shimano
Seibu Keisatsu (ANB / Ishihara Pro)
Part 2 - 2 appearances
Part 3 - 3 appearances
- multiple appearances
Choshichiro Edo Nikki - Series 1 Episode 23 "Dawn Song" (1984, NTV / Union Motion Picture) -- as "Toda"
Nebula Mask Machineman - Episode 24 "Confrontation! Ninja Thief" (1984, NTV / Toei) --Hantayu Hyakuchi
Taiyō ni Hoero! - Episode 695 "Woman in a Red Dress" (1986, NTV / Toho) --Numata
Sukeban Deka III - Shoujo Ninpocho Denki - Episode 5 "Defeat! Devil's Kendama Killing Method" (1986, CX / Toei) --Tengu Shihan
Zoku Sanbiki ga Kiru! - Episode 13 "Mother's Love's Successor and Shura's Journey" (1989, ANB / Toei)
Onihei Hankachō - Episode 8 "Thief Nisujimichi" (1990, CX / Shochiku) --Tajiro Kadaki
Shogun Iemitsu Shinobi Tabi (ANB / Toei)
1st Series, Episode 14 "Hamamatsu, the murder of a girl" (1991) --Bicchu Saegusa
2nd Series, Episode 16 "Karuizawa, a Woman Aiming at Hatamoto Gosengoku as an Enemy" (1993) --Shigezaemon Kajimoto
Ue o Muite Arukō: Sakamoto Kyu Monogatari (2005) - as Kiyoshi Oshima
Film
- as Gonda (first movie role)
Belladonna of Sadness (1973, Mushi Production / Nippon Herald Films) - Walla (Voice)
Bodigaado Kiba: Hissatsu sankaku tobi - Kazuki Samejima
The Street Fighter and Sister Street Fighter series
The Street Fighter (1974) - Tateki Shikenbaru (aka "Junjo")
Return of the Street Fighter (1974) - Tateki Shikenbaru (aka "Junjo")
Sister Street Fighter (1974) - Kazunao Inubashiri (aka "Hammerhead")
Sister Street Fighter: Hanging by a Thread (1974) - Inoichiro Honiden
The Return of the Sister Street Fighter (1975)
Dragon Princess (1976) - Shiroge Oni
Black Panther Bitch M (1974) - Nakata
Champion of Death (1975) - Nanba
Karate for Life (1977) - Gōzō Yonashima
G.I. Samurai (1979) - as Hosokawa Fujitaka
Shogun's Ninja (1980) - as Momochi Sandayū
Roaring Fire (1981) - as Hibiki
Orochi, the Eight-Headed Dragon (1994)
Juken Sentai Gekiranger: Nei-Nei! Hou-Hou! Hong Kong Decisive Battle (2007) - as Yang
Notes
References
External links
1933 births
2018 deaths
Japanese male karateka
Kyokushin kaikan practitioners
Gōjū-ryū practitioners
Japanese male film actors
Japanese male stage actors
Japanese male television actors
20th-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
Spirit\Light\Speed is a studio album by The Cult's singer Ian Astbury. It was recorded in the late 1990s but sat unreleased until summer of 2000, when it was ultimately released to little fanfare. It included a re-recording of The Cult's song "The Witch".
Track listing
"Back On Earth" - 5.00
"High Time Amplifier" - 4.23
"Devil's Mouth" - 5.51
"Tonight (Illuminated)" - 5.47
"Metaphysical Pistol" - 4.56
"The Witch (Slt Return)" - 4.58
"It's Over" - 5.23
"El Che / Wild Like a Horse" - 4.59
"Tyger" - 5.01
"Shambala (R.F.L)" - 5.43
Single
The album spawned the single "High Time Amplifier".
"High Time Amplifier" - 3.36
"Tyger (Demo Version)" - 6.34
"High Time Amplifier (Witchman Mix)" - 4.38
A 12-inch promo version came with four versions of High Time Amplifier, Witchman Mix, Album Version, One True Parker Mix and Mental Defectives League Mix.
Personnel
Arranged by, Producer, Written-By, Acoustic Guitar, Electric Guitar, Bass, Keyboards, Backing Vocals, Synthesizer – Chris Goss
Compiled by, Edited by, Producer – PK, Steve Feldman
Executive Producer – Victor Murgatroyd
Producer , Programmed by (additional) – Witchman
Recorded by – Martin Schmelzle
Strings – Novi Novog, Stefanie Fifie
Written-By, Arranged By, Producer, Vocals, Electric Guitar, Guitar, Percussion – Ian Astbury
Notes
Recorded and mixed at Monkey Studios
℗ 1973 Electronic University (Alan Watts) Electric University Publishing
'Metaphysical Pistol' contains spoken-word samples from 'Myth and Religion' and 'Democracy In Heaven' by philosopher Alan Watts.
'Tyger' contains a sample of 'Countdown to Nowhere' composed & arranged by Manfred Hübler & Siegfried Schwab.
See also
Ian Astbury
The Cult
2000 debut albums
Ian Astbury albums
Beggars Banquet Records albums
The Emblem of Israel (; ) depicts a temple menorah surrounded by an olive branch on each side, with the word "Israel" written in Hebrew () below it. While it is commonly displayed in blue and white, the emblem has appeared in alternative colour combinations depending on the use, such as on the Israeli Presidential Standard (see below).
History
The State of Israel adopted the symbol after a design competition held in 1948. The design is based on the winning entry submitted by Gabriel and Maxim Shamir's proposal, with elements taken from other submissions, including entries from Oteh Walisch, W. Struski, Itamar David, Yerachmiel Schechter, and Willie Wind, whose entry won the first design competition. The emblem was officially adopted on February 10, 1949.
Symbolism
The image used on the emblem is based on a depiction of the menorah on the Arch of Titus. The menorah was used in the ancient Temple in Jerusalem and has been a symbol of Judaism since ancient times. It symbolizes universal enlightenment, based on what is written in Isaiah 60: "Nations will come to your light, and kings to the brightness of your dawn".
The emblem may also be based on the vision of the biblical prophet Zechariah, chapter 4, where they describe seeing a menorah flanked by two olive trees, one on each side.
Usage
The following gallery shows various contexts in which the emblem is used:
See also
National symbols of Israel
Arch of Titus
Menorah (Temple)
References
External links
State of Israel Emblem page in Shamir Brothers works collection web-site - Designers of the emblem in 1949
Israel
Israel
Israel
National symbols of Israel
Israel
Minuscule 755 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε606 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament written on paper. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 16th century. The manuscript has complex contents. Scrivener labelled it as 771e.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 332 paper leaves (size ).
The text is written in one column per page, in 20 lines per page.
It contains pictures. The manuscript is ornamented.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
History
Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 14th century; Gregory dated it to the 16th century. The manuscript is currently dated by the INTF to the 16th century.
The manuscript was brought from Janina.
It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (771) and Gregory (755).
The manuscript is now housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Suppl. Gr. 1080) in Paris.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 754
References
Further reading
Greek New Testament minuscules
16th-century biblical manuscripts
Bibliothèque nationale de France collections
