Little Moon Moon (Xiao Yue Yue) was a Chinese internet celebrity in 2010; however they were suspected to be a fake person and part of a Chinese internet publicity stunt organized by Tianya Forum. As the main character of a post named “I thank this obnoxious friend for bringing me such a dismal National Day” composed by Chinese netizen Rong Rong on Tianya, "Little Moon Moon went from the Internet into reality, becoming famous all over."  They are described as fat, crazy and obnoxious by the author. Since Little Moon Moon was portrayed as an unbelievable, shocking, annoying and obnoxious woman, and the posts were written during the seven-day National Day vacation in China, they became an overnight sensation. Nevertheless, after investigation, Little Moon Moon turned out to be a fake person composed by writer Xu Jiayi to maintain the shrinking influence of Tianya forum.
Event overview
11:45 on the morning on October 5, 2010, a netizen started to post diaries on the Tianya forum with the ID "Rong Rong". The series of live updates recorded an astonishing story of Little Moon Moon (Rong Rong's high school classmate) and their boyfriend's visit to Shanghai Expo during the National Day holiday, with Rong Rong being their host showing them around, and along the journey, endless miserable and crazy things happened (such as Little Moon Moon's self-suicide farce, singing weird poetry, etc.). The writer used tons of words to describe how they were completely "astounded/superfied" by Little Moon Moon during the two days and one night. Rong Rong stopped posting on October 13 with sentences like “I went out to deal with some things”, and “I don't know if this post will reach an ending on this day.”
The humorous and absurd story quickly drew numerous attention. Within two days, the post had over 17 million views and over 57 thousand comments over 564 pages. As for Weibo (the Chinese version of Twitter), the topic of Little Moon Moon was already ranked number 3, with 17293 tweets in that day, more than any other hot topic of the week. At first, netizens thought the incident and the people described in the posts were real, however they came to suggest that there must be a publicity team behind the scenes to stir such a huge wave on the Internet.
Netizens even created pages for Little Moon Moon at the Baidu Encyclopedia and the Baidu Post Bar as well as study group, human flesh search/cyber hunting group, and a comic version.
Reflection and introspection
In apparent contrast with Little Moon Moon's profile, which was portrayed as an ugly kindergarten teacher who is 150 cm tall and 80 kilograms in weight, the real writer behind the whole event was a sophomore student at Shanghai Normal University. Although they claimed that every word they wrote was real, it was revealed as a publicity stunt. "Insiders disclosed that Tianya is currently preparing to go public on the stock market, and is under pressure for its declining influence, and thus urgently needed a major incident to raise its influence, which is how “Little Moon Moon” happened. Since this was a topic the forum Tianya itself launched, one where there is no obvious commercial goal, where the language matched the tastes of the netizen masses, successfully attracting netizen eyeballs, having achieved a large effect with little effort." The live broadcast posts were designed to be the warming-up phase of the publicity stunt, with the climax point uncovering a real life version of “Little Moon Moon”, who is a writer. By using this huge contrast, Tianya planned to arouse a bigger controversy, thus allowing netizens to participate and making the Little Moon Moon to become a continuing internet topic.
References
Chinese Internet celebrities
Publicity stunts
2010s hoaxes
The following is a list of bands from British Columbia.
By city
Abbotsford
Hedley
You Say Party
Burnaby
The Skulls
Chilliwack
The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets
Mystery Machine
Pardon My Striptease
These Kids Wear Crowns
Coquitlam
Clumsy Lovers
Matthew Good Band
Ten Ways
Cranbrook
Lillix
Delta
54-40
The Higgins
Theory of a Deadman
Kelowna
Bend Sinister
Cry of the Afflicted
Empyria
Ginger
The Grapes of Wrath
Ladyhawk
Secret and Whisper
Stutterfly
We Are the City
Yukon Blonde
Langley
Fake Shark - Real Zombie!
Gob
Maple Ridge
Stabilo
Mission
Faber Drive
New Westminster
The Devin Townsend Band
Douse
North Vancouver
D.b.s.
Spirit of the West
Soul Decision
Richmond
In Medias Res
Surrey
Good for Grapes
Vancouver
3 Inches of Blood
Archspire
Art of Dying
The Awkward Stage
Baptists
The Be Good Tanyas
Bear Mountain
The Belle Game
Big John Bates
Bison B.C.
The Black Halos
Black Mountain
Blasphemy
Blue Monday
The Blue Shadows
Bob's Your Uncle
Brand New Unit
The Brass Action
Brasstronaut
The Buttless Chaps
Calpurnia
Chilliwack
The Choir Practice
Conjure One
Copyright (Circle C)
Cub
Cyberaktif
Dear Rouge
Default
Delerium
Destroyer
D.O.A.
Doug and the Slugs
Download
The Dreadnoughts
Econoline Crush
The Evaporators
Forty Foot Echo
Front Line Assembly
Los Furios
Headpins
Hey Ocean!
Hinterland
Idle Eyes
Images in Vogue
Japandroids
The Jolts
Kill Matilda
The Kings
Ladyhawk
Lava Hay
Limblifter
LiveonRelease
Loverboy
Left Spine Down
The Manvils
Maow
Marianas Trench
Mecca Normal
Moev
Mother Mother
The New Pornographers
Nickelback
No Kids
Numb
Odds
ohGr
The Organ
Ox
P:ano
The Pack A.D.
The Paperboys
Payolas
Peach Pit
Pink Mountaintops
The Poppy Family
Pointed Sticks
The Powder Blues Band
Pride Tiger
Prism
Pure
Rascalz
The Real McKenzies
Rose Chronicles
Rymes with Orange
Said the Whale
The Salteens
Sandalspring
Skinny Puppy
Slow
Snowbeast
Social Deviantz
Soul Decision
Straight Lines
Strapping Young Lad
Strange Advance
The Subhumans
Sumac
Superconductor
Sweatshop Union
Sweeney Todd
Swollen Members
Synæsthesia
The Tear Garden
The Tourist Company
Trooper
The Veer Union
The Washboard Union
West End Girls
White Lung
Young and Sexy
Young Canadians
Young Saints
Zimmers Hole
The Zolas
Zolty Cracker
Zumpano
Victoria
Acres Of Lions
Armchair Cynics
Current Swell
Dayglo Abortions
Frog Eyes
The Hanson Brothers
Hot Hot Heat
Immaculate Machine
Jets Overhead
Jon and Roy
The Laundronauts
Mythos
Nomeansno
Shapes and Sizes
Showbusiness Giants
Spiritbox
Unleash the Archers
Zerbin
White Rock
Hawking
See also
Music of Vancouver
List of bands from Canada
List of Canadian musicians
List of musicians from British Columbia
References
British Columbia bands
British Columbia
British Columbia-related lists
British Columbia
Aprophata vigintiquatuormaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bernhard Schwarzer in 1931. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1931
Edward Dowson (17 February 1838 – 29 April 1922) was an English cricketer who played for Surrey between 1856 and 1870 as a gentleman cricketer. They also captained Surrey in 1866. A right-hand bat, they scored 1,927 runs at a batting average of 16.90. Their son, Edward Maurice Dowson, played over one hundred matches for Surrey and also Cambridge University cricket team, and their great-great-grandson Ed Carpenter played briefly for Durham MCC University.
References
Notes
Sources
1838 births
1922 deaths
People from Camberwell
Surrey cricketers
Surrey cricket captains
Gentlemen of the South cricketers
Surrey Club cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
Southgate cricketers
English cricketers
The 2022–23 Melbourne City FC season will be the club's thirteenth season since its inception, and its thirteenth season in the A-League. In addition to the domestic league, Melbourne City will also participate in the Australia Cup. They will be managed by Patrick Kisnorbo and captained by Scott Jamieson.
Players
First-team squad
Transfers in
From youth squad
Transfers out
Contract extensions
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
A-League Men
Results summary
Results by round
League table
Matches
Australia Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Players with no appearances not included in the list.
Goalscorers
Disciplinary record
Clean sheets
References
External links
Melbourne City official website
Melbourne City FC seasons
2022–23 A-League Men season by team
Tyson Helton (born June 20, 1977) is an American football coach and former player.  They are currently the head coach at Western Kentucky University. They previously served as the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Tennessee (2018), quarterbacks coach and passing game coordinator at USC (2016–2017), offensive coordinator at Western Kentucky (2014–2015), and as an assistant at Cincinnati, UAB, Memphis, and Hawaii. They played college football at Houston.
Helton is the younger brother of former USC and current Georgia Southern head coach Clay Helton, and the son of long-time NFL and collegiate coach, Kim Helton.
Playing career
A native of Gainesville, Florida, Helton played quarterback at Clements High School in Sugar Land, Texas. They played college football at Houston from 1996 to 1999, during their father's tenure as the Cougars' head coach. As a backup quarterback, Helton completed 44 of 109 passes for 454 yards, 1 touchdown and 6 INTs during their career. They graduated with a bachelor's degree in business in 1999.
Coaching career
Helton began coaching as a graduate assistant at Hawaii under head coach June Jones in 2000, working primarily with special teams. The following season, they were hired as the Warriors' special teams coach. During this season, Hawaii led the nation in kickoff return yardage, averaging an NCAA record 30.3 yards per return. Chad Owens, who was among the players Helton coached on special teams, set school records for all-purpose yardage.
From 2004 to 2006, Helton coached tight ends and special teams on the staff of Coach Tommy West at Memphis. Players they coached during this period included future New England Patriots kicker Stephen Gostkowski, who became the school's all-time career scoring leader, and was named Conference USA Special Teams Player of the Year in 2005.
In 2007, Helton joined the UAB Blazers staff as quarterbacks coach under head coach Neil Callaway. Their father, Kim, had been hired as the Blazers' offensive coordinator. Under Helton's tutelage, UAB quarterback Joe Webb became the first player in NCAA history to pass for over 2,000 yards and rush for over 1,000 yards in consecutive seasons. After Callaway was fired in 2011, Helton switched to running backs coach on the staff of newly-hired head coach Garrick McGee. During Helton's only season on McGee's staff, Blazers running back Darrin Reaves rushed for over a thousand yards and was awarded all-conference honors.
After spending the 2013 season on the Cincinnati Bearcats staff, Helton was hired as the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach under head coach Jeff Brohm at Western Kentucky. During their first season in 2014, the Hilltoppers' offense set several dozen school records, and finished fourth in the nation in total offense. Quarterback Brandon Doughty passed for 4,830 yards and 49 touchdowns, and was awarded the Sammy Baugh Trophy at the end of the season. Helton's 2015 offense finished in the top 10 nationally in total yards per game, passing yards per game, scoring, and passing efficiency, and they were among the finalists for the FootballScoop Offensive Coordinator of the Year award. That year, Doughty led the nation in completion percentage, passing yards, and passing touchdowns.
In 2016, Helton, was hired as the quarterbacks coach and passing game coordinator at USC, where their brother, Clay Helton, was serving as head coach. Under Tyson Helton's guidance in 2016, USC quarterback Sam Darnold completed 67.2% of their passes, won the Archie Griffin Award, and was named Rose Bowl MVP. Helton was named the FootballScoop Quarterbacks Coach of the Year.
In December 2017, Helton was hired as the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Tennessee, joining the staff of newly hired head coach Jeremy Pruitt.
In November 2018, Helton was hired as the head football coach at Western Kentucky University.
Personal
Helton and their wife, April, have four children: Shelby, Presley, and twins, Cole and Clay.
Head coaching record
References
1977 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Cincinnati Bearcats football coaches
Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football coaches
Houston Cougars football players
Memphis Tigers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
UAB Blazers football coaches
USC Trojans football coaches
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football coaches
People from Gainesville, Florida
People from Sugar Land, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Jake Luton (born April 11, 1996) is an American football quarterback for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL). They were selected by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the sixth round of the 2020 NFL Draft.
Early years
Born and raised in Marysville, Washington, Luton played football and baseball at Marysville-Pilchuck High school and graduated in 2014. They were a two-star recruit and committed to the University of Idaho in Moscow. At the time, the Vandals were an FBS program in the Sun Belt Conference under second-year head coach Paul Petrino.
College career
Idaho
Redshirted as a true first-year student in 2014, Luton played in eight games in 2015, threw for 408 yards, and ran for five touchdowns. In June 2016, they announced their departure from Idaho.
Ventura College
Luton transferred to two-year Ventura College in Southern California for their redshirt sophomore season in 2016. In eleven games, they threw for 3,551 yards and forty touchdowns.
Oregon State
Luton transferred to Oregon State University in Corvallis, led by third-year head coach Gary Andersen, and won the starting quarterback job in 2017. They suffered a back injury, which ended their season after starting just four games. Luton was granted a sixth year of eligibility after their fifth-year senior season in 2018. They started eleven games in 2019, throwing for 28 touchdowns with just three interceptions.
Statistics
Professional career
Jacksonville Jaguars
Luton was selected by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the sixth round with the 189th overall pick in the 2020 NFL Draft.
On November 2, 2020, it was announced that Luton would make their first career start in Week 9 against the Houston Texans due to starter Gardner Minshew being out with a thumb injury. They completed 26 of 38 passes for 304 yards with one touchdown and one interception, as well as a 13-yard rushing score, in the Jaguars' 27–25 loss. A day after the Texans game it was announced that Luton would fill in for Minshew again in Week 10 against the Green Bay Packers. They completed 18 of 35 passes for 169 yards with one touchdown and one interception in the Jaguars' 24–20 loss. Luton was named the starter again in Week 11 against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Luton had their worst performance yet against the Steelers, completing 16 of 37 passes for 151 yards with no touchdowns and four interceptions in the Jaguars' 27–3 loss. On November 25, 2020, the Jaguars announced they benched Luton for Mike Glennon due to their recent struggles.
On August 31, 2021, Luton was waived as part of the final roster cuts.
Seattle Seahawks
On September 2, 2021, Luton signed with the Seattle Seahawks. They were waived on September 28, 2021 and re-signed to the practice squad. Luton was activated on October 10 following an injury to Russell Wilson. They were released and resigned to the practice squad after the Seahawks signed Jacob Eason on October 21. They were released on November 15.
Miami Dolphins
On November 17, 2021, Luton was signed to the Miami Dolphins practice squad.
Jacksonville Jaguars (second stint)
On February 11, 2022, Luton signed a reserve/future contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars. They were waived on August 15, but re-signed eight days later. They were waived again on August 26, 2022.
New Orleans Saints
On September 6, 2022, Luton signed with the practice squad of the New Orleans Saints.
NFL statistics
References
External links
Jacksonville Jaguars bio
Oregon State Beavers bio
1996 births
American football quarterbacks
Idaho Vandals football players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Living people
Miami Dolphins players
New Orleans Saints players
Oregon State Beavers football players
People from Marysville, Washington
Players of American football from Washington (state)
Seattle Seahawks players
Sportspeople from the Seattle metropolitan area
Ventura Pirates football players
Rosolio is a type of Italian liqueur made from a base of alcohol, sugar, and water in the same proportion, which is flavored by adding an essence of any of various types.
Despite a common misconception based on the name, rosolio has no direct connection with roses or rose petals. (Rose essence is, however, one option for addition to the base; other options include citrus, coffee, aniseed, and mint.) In fact, the name comes from the Latin , which means "dew of the sun": Drosera rotundifolia.
The liqueur is common in Piedmont and in Southern Italy. It enjoys a special popularity in Sicily, where it has been prepared since the sixteenth century and was offered to house guests as a sign of good luck.
Сharacterization
It is widespread above all in Piedmont, Campania, Sicily and particularly in Umbria. In Italy it has been used since ancient times to offer to guests and in confectionery preparations. The oldest is the Franciscan rosolio prepared in the Assisi area with rose petals. On the Sicilian island, where since the sixteenth century it was produced at home and offered to guests as a sign of good luck, various recipes of rosolio were tested, including those with citrus fruits, coffee, anise, mint, cinnamon and pistachio.
Zingarelli's Vocabulary of the Italian Language (Vocabolario della Lingua Italiana) defines rosolio as “liqueur prepared with alcohol, sugar and water in the same proportion, plus an essence that gives it its name”: therefore, rose rosolio, mint rosolio, etc. The etymology that they attribute to it is that of ros solis; that is, dew of sunshine. Drosera and rosolida come from the Greek meaning covered with dew, in fact the sundews seem to be covered with dew. With Drosera rotundifolia L. the pharmacopoeia made an elixir called ros solis, originally from Dalmatia. The word ros solis developed into rosolio, interpreted as a liqueur made with roses. Consequently, the petals of roses are of little use in defining the name.
In Ficarra, in the province of Messina, a particular recipe recommended preparing it by keeping alcohol (to which the peel of three oranges macerated for forty days and vanilla had been previously added) and a syrup made simply with sugar and water.
Concerto liqueur is a type of rosolio produced on the Amalfi Coast, precisely in the city of Tramonti.
See also
Italicus (liqueur)
List of liqueurs
References
Italian liqueurs
WKRK (1320 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a southern gospel format and is affiliated with Singing News Radio. Licensed to Murphy, North Carolina; it has been owned by the Radford family since July 20, 1995, and features a popular tradio show called PartyLine as well as hourly SRN News.
WKRK's daytime signal reaches Western North Carolina, North Georgia, and East Tennessee. WKRK is found at 1320 AM and as of Easter weekend 2016, WKRK began broadcasting at 105.5 FM. The station is simulcast on Channel 25 through The Cable Company serving Cherokee County, North Carolina.
References
External links
KRK
KRK
Southern Gospel radio stations in the United States
Functional analytic psychotherapy (FAP) is a psychotherapeutic approach based on clinical behavior analysis (CBA) that focuses on the therapeutic relationship as a means to maximize client change. Specifically, FAP suggests that in-session contingent responding to client target behaviors leads to significant therapeutic improvements.
FAP was first conceptualized in the 1980s by psychologists Robert Kohlenberg and Mavis Tsai who, after noticing a clinically significant association between client outcomes and the quality of the therapeutic relationship, set out to develop a theoretical and psychodynamic model of behavioral psychotherapy based on these concepts. Behavioral principles (e.g., reinforcement, generalization) form the basis of FAP. (See below.)
FAP is an idiographic (as opposed to nomothetic) approach to psychotherapy. This means that FAP therapists focus on the function of a client's behavior instead of the form. The aim is to change a broad class of behaviors that might look different on the surface but all serve the same function. It is idiographic in that the client and therapist work together to form a unique clinical formulation of the client's therapeutic goals, rather than one therapeutic target for every client who enters therapy.
Basics
FAP posits that client behaviors that occur in their out-of-session interpersonal relationships (i.e. in the "real world") will, if clients are given a therapeutic relationship of sufficiently high quality, occur in the therapy session as well. Based on these in-session behaviors, FAP therapists, in collaboration with their client, develop a case formulation that includes classes of behaviors (based on their function not their form) that the client wishes to increase and decrease.
In-session occurrence of a client's problematic behavior is called clinically relevant behavior 1 (CRB1). In-session occurrence of improvements is called clinically relevant behavior 2 (CRB2). The goal of FAP therapy is to decrease the frequency of CRB1s and increase the frequency of CRB2s.
The FAP therapist evokes (i.e. sets the context for) CRB1s and in response gradually shapes CRB2s.
The five rules
"The five rules" operationalize the FAP therapist's behavior with respect to this goal. It is important to note that the five rules are not rules in the traditional sense of the word, but instead a set of guidelines for the FAP therapist.
Rule 1: Watch for CRBs – Therapists focus their attention on the occurrence of CRBs that are in-session problems (CRB1s) and improvements (CRB2s).
Rule 2: Evoke CRBs – Therapists set a context which evoke the client's CRBs.
Rule 3: Reinforce CRB2s naturally – Therapists reinforce the occurrence of CRB2s (in-session improvements), increasing the probability that these behaviors will occur more frequently.
Rule 4: Observe therapist impact in relation to client CRBs – Therapists assess the degree to which they actually reinforced behavioral improvements by noting the client's behavior subsequent behavior after Rule 3. This is similar to the behavior analytic concept of performing a functional analysis.
Rule 5: Provide functional interpretations and generalize – Therapists work with the client to generalize in-session behavioral improvements to the client's out-of-session relationships. This can include, but is not limited to, providing homework assignments.
The ACL model
Researchers at the Center for the Science of Social Connection at the University of Washington are developing a model of social connection that they believe is relevant to FAP. This model – called the ACL model – delineates behaviors relevant to social connection based on decades of scientific research.
Awareness (A) behaviors include paying attention to your own and the other's needs and values within an interpersonal relationship.
Courage (C) behaviors include experiencing emotion in the presence of another person, asking for what you need, and sharing deep, vulnerable experiences with another person in the service of improving the relationship.
Love (L) behaviors involve responding to another's courage behaviors with attunement to what that person needs in the moment. These include providing safety and acceptance in response to a client's vulnerability.
FAP has the potential to target awareness, courage, and love behaviors as they occur in session as described by the five rules above. More research is needed to confirm the utility of the ACL model.
Research support
Radical behaviorism and the field of clinical behavior analysis have strong scientific support. Additionally, researchers have conducted a number of case studies, component process analyses, a study with non-randomized design on FAP-enhanced cognitive therapy for depression, and a randomized controlled trial on FAP-enhanced acceptance and commitment therapy for smoking cessation.
Third generation behavior therapy
FAP belongs to a group of therapies referred to as third-generation behavior therapies (or third-wave behavior therapies) that includes dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), behavioral activation (BA), and integrative behavioral couples therapy (IBCT).
Criticism
FAP has been criticized for "being ahead of the data", i.e. having not enough empirical support to justify its widespread use. Challenges encountered by FAP researchers are widely discussed
There is also criticism of using the ACL model as it detracts from the idiographic nature of FAP.
Professional organizations
Association for Contextual Behavioral Science (ACBS) – Founded in 2005 (incorporated in 2006), the Association for Contextual Behavioral Science (ACBS) is dedicated to the advancement of functional contextual cognitive and behavioral science and practice so as to alleviate human suffering and advance human well being.
The Association for Behavior Analysis International (ABAI) has a special interest group for practitioner issues, behavioral counseling, and clinical behavior analysis. ABAI has larger special interest groups for behavioral medicine. ABAI serves as the core intellectual home for behavior analysts.
The Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies (ABCT) also has an interest group in behavior analysis, which focuses on clinical behavior analysis. In addition, the Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies has a special interest group in addictions.
Doctoral level behavior analysts who are psychologists belong to the American Psychological Association's Division 25 (behavior analysis). APA offers a diplomate in behavioral psychology.
The World Association for Behavior Analysis offers a certification for clinical behavior analysis which covers functional analytic psychotherapy.
References
External links
Kohlenberg & Tsai's FAP website
Center for the Science of Social Connection
Cognitive behavioral therapy
Behaviorism
Qach Kanlu (, also Romanized as Qāch Kānlū) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,076, in 257 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Zal and Rudaba () are the fate of two lovers in Shahnameh. Zāl's love for Rudaba begins when they enter the suburbs of Kabul under the rule of the governor and hears Mehrab, the ruler of Kabul, have a daughter in the palace. Zal was ruling as a teenager in Zabol and was ordered by King Manuchehr of Iran. It was likely that the tax collection of the countries under the command of Iran was with Zal, and they camped with their battalion on the outskirts of Kabol.
Dating Zal and Mehrab
Mehrab was the ruler of Kabul and the father of Rudaba. Mehrab paid their taxes to Sām as usual, but now their successor is Zal. Mehrab found that Zal had camped on the outskirts of the city, visiting in the morning but with an annual ransom. When Zal was aware of Mehrab's arrival, they accepted them and welcomed them into the Zuboliani tradition and placed them in a high position in parliament. When the party ended and a farewell to Mehrab, one of Zal's commanders told them that Mehrab had a beautiful daughter in the palace. And Zal fell in love with Mehrab's daughter.
Zal was upset at night, but the next day Mehrab went to Zal's tent again for lunch. Zal was very happy about the arrival of Mehrab. They asked Mehrab what they wanted to express, the throne, the royal seal, the sword or the crown. These compliments indicated a lover. And while they had not yet seen the Rudaba. In response, Mehrab said, "I only have one wish to be my guest. Despite the esoteric desire, Zal said Sam would not allow me to do so, and Mehrab left hi tent discomfort.
Zal and white hair
Mehrab returned to the palace and praised Zal's glamorous qualities for their wife Sindukht, but said the gladiator had only one flaw and that they had white hair. Rudaba heard the talk but fell in love with Zal's character and wished they could understand them better. Rudaba was restless like Zal and sent five of their slaves to Zal's tent to get to know each other. Eventually, one night Zal climbed the wall of the palace with Rudaba's escort, and the two lovers' wishes came true. But an acute problem later emerged, and it was the Iran king's opposition to their marriage.
References
Sources
Ferdowsi Shahnameh. From the Moscow version. Mohammed Publishing.
External links
Shahnameh characters
Women in Shahnameh
Shahnameh stories
Dalippur is a large village in the southwestern part of Jagdishpur block in Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 8,921, in 1,483 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Batrachorhina albostrigosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1893, originally under the genus Madecops. It is known from the Comoros.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1893
Rachel Ashegbofe Ikemeh is a Nigerian conservationist who won a Whitley award in 2020.  They are the director
of South West and Niger Delta Forest Project, a conservation program for endangered primates as the Nigeria-Cameroon chimpanzee, Red colobus monkey(Piliocolobus epieni) and Benin potto in the respective regions. They have actively been in Nigeria conservation for the past 15 years.
Ikemeh has been involved in the establishment of two protected areas in Nigeria: a IUCN category II PA in Ekiti State and a community conservation area in Bayelsa State, Niger Delta, Nigeria.
References
Alumni of the University of Kent
Ahmadu Bello University alumni
Nigerian biologists
Primatologists
Living people
Women conservationists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Norah Casey (born 28 May 1960) is an Irish business person, magazine publisher, television personality and broadcaster from Dublin, Ireland.
Early life
Norah Casey grew up in a lodge in the Phoenix Park, their father and grandfather were park rangers.
Growing up, Norah worked for a period of time in the quarantine section of Dublin Zoo helping to raise gorillas. Norah cites this early experience with animals as the foundation for their love of animals. Norah works with a number of animal conservation charities globally and with the ISPCA to encourage people to adopt animals.
At 17, Norah moved from Dublin to Loch Lomand in Scotland to study nursing. At 23, Norah decided they needed a career change and undertook a postgrad in journalism and television production at Harlow College and Ealing College, respectively. Norah went on to work for several well known broadcasters including the BBC, Sky and LBC and publications, including The Irish Post, before moving back to Ireland where they did an MBO (management buy out) in 2004 of a number of companies owned by Smurfit Kappa.
Business career
Norah's business expertise includes acquiring and launching multiple enterprises as well as a wide range of SME investments in Ireland and internationally. They studied strategic management for a number of years at Ashridge Management College. Norah began their publishing career at the age of 26, after five years as a registered general nurse and a professional officer for the Royal College of Nursing in London.  They are the founder of the award-winning company, Harmonia. An Irish publishing house behind such titles including, FOOD&WINE Magazine, Irish Tatler, Tatler Man, Woman's Way, Ireland of the Welcomes and U Magazine.
In November 2017, it was announced that Norah had closed a deal with US-based publishing company Irish Studio (also an investor in Irish Central) to sell six of Harmonia's titles to the company. Norah would remain on the board of each of the titles in an executive role.
Norah still publishes Ireland's best selling women's magazine, 'Woman's Way,' along with several other contracted magazine publications.
Media career
Dragon's Den
Norah joined the panel of Dragons' Den (Irish TV series) in 2011 for two series.
Today
Norah became the Friday host, alongside Bláthnaid Ní Chofaigh, of Today with Maura and Daithi. They left the show after one series.
The Takeover
Casey participated in The Takeover by RTÉ.
Norah's Traveller Academy
Norah's Traveller Academy was an RTÉ2 show where Casey advised young ambitious Irish Traveller women who all wanted to go down certain career paths. They helped them on their journey to creating and sustaining jobs in a country where they deal with prejudice on a regular basis.
Newstalk
In September 2012, Norah began presenting Newstalk's breakfast radio show. They left the station the following Summer to spend more time with their son.
Home of the Year
In 2016, Norah Casey took part in a Celebrity special of RTÉ's Home of the Year. Them home was voted the winner of the episode. They were awarded a €5,000 prize for a charity of their choice.
Dancing with the Stars
On 8 December 2017, in an appearance on The Late Late Show, Norah announced they were joining the cast of the second series of Dancing with the Stars (Irish series 2). They were partnered with professional dancer, Curtis Pritchard. They were the first couple eliminated from the competition.
Personal life
Casey married broadcaster Richard Hannaford on New Year's Eve 1996. They had one child together, a son, Dara, in 1998. After a short battle with cancer, Richard died on 12 October 2011.
Casey was a guest on the Late Late Show on 26 May 2017, during which Norah discussed the abuse they suffered from their first husband. Since this announcement, Norah has worked closely with domestic violence charities, including Women's Aid, most notably on their campaign #TooIntoYou.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Irish business persons
21st-century Irish business persons
Anne Jackson (1926–2016) was an American actor.
Anne or Ann Jackson may also refer to:
Anne Constance Jackson (1889–1928), British amateur ornithologist
Anne Cluysenaar (1936–2014), Belgian-born poet with married name Anne Jackson
Anne Jackson (author) (born 1980), American author
Ann Fletcher Jackson (1833–1903), New Zealand quaker evangelist
Ann Maria Jackson (1810–1880), enslaved woman who escaped along the Underground Railroad for Canada
See also
Annie Jackson (disambiguation)
Jackson (name)
Patrice Gagnon (born May 12, 1963) is a Canadian slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. They finished 21st in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Gagnon was born in Lévis, Quebec.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1963 births
Canadian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
French Quebecers
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Canada
People from Lévis, Quebec
A bad men clause is a clause in treaties signed between the United States and participating Native American tribes that states, if "bad men among the whites, or among other people subject to the authority of the United States" committed crimes against the tribes, that the United States would arrest and punish bad men involved while also reimbursing individuals affected by bad men. Though the clause has rarely been enforced, it remains an applicable way for tribes that signed treaties to seek justice for crimes committed against them by citizens of the United States.
History
Bad men provisions would appear in nine such treaties with various tribes between 1867 and 1868. The Treaty of Fort Laramie of 1868 was an agreement between the United States and the Oglala, Miniconjou, and Brulé bands of Lakota people, Yanktonai Dakota and Arapaho Nation, following the failure of the first Fort Laramie treaty, signed in 1851. The first of seventeen articles in the treaty holds a clause that has been described as the "bad men clause" that requires the US to prosecute and punish white settlers who commit crimes against the Sioux. In practice, the "bad men among the whites" clause was seldom enforced.
Legal usage
The first plaintiff to win a trial case on the provision did so in 2009, based on the 1868 Fort Laramie treaty. The plaintiff was a female Native American woman who was sexually assaulted by an Army recruiter. In 2008, a police officer of the Rosebud Sioux Indian Reservation arrested a female minor accused of underaged drinking; the officer reportedly sexually assaulted and took compromising photos of the girl. The officer plead guilty and was sentenced to two years in jail, though a lawsuit against the United States government by the minor's family, which was seeking "future medical, rehabilitative, and psychological counseling, treatment, and therapy", was thrown out since the girl lived "outside the boundaries of the reservation recognized by the Treaty".
In 2015, the Lower Brule Indian Reservation invoked the Treaty of Fort Laramie of 1868 against TransCanada Corp. for its construction of the Keystone XL, with the tribe stating "presence of the Keystone XL Pipeline is hazardous to both the land and its inhabitants". With the expansion of man camps in Canada and the United States, some have suggested the use of bad men clauses to be invoked when sexual violence is used against Native American victims.
References
United States and Native American treaties
Treaties
Violence against indigenous peoples
Law enforcement in the United States
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akihiko Higuchi. It has been serialized in Kodansha's Shōnen Magazine Edge since June 2019, with its chapters collected into six tankōbon volumes as of June 2022. An anime television series adaptation by C2C has been announced.
Characters
Media
Manga
Written and illustrated by Akihiko Higuchi, Otaku Elf began serialization in Kodansha's Shōnen Magazine Edge on June 17, 2019. As of June 2022, six tankōbon volumes have been published. In North America, Seven Seas Entertainment has licensed the series in print and digital formats.
Volume list
Anime
An anime television series adaptation was announced in June 2022. It will be produced by C2C and directed by Takebumi Anzai, with scripts written by Shōgo Yasukawa, character designs handled by Takeshi Oda, who will also serve as chief animation director, and music composed by Akito Matsuda.
References
External links
Anime series based on manga
C2C (studio)
Comedy anime and manga
Elves in popular culture
Fantasy anime and manga
Kodansha manga
Nikkatsu
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
Shōnen manga
Upcoming anime television series
Ustoma (pronounced: Us'-to-ma; variants: Oostomas, Ustu) is a former Maidu village in Nevada County, California, that was located near Nevada City.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Maidu villages
Direct Chill casting is a method for the fabrication of cylindrical or rectangular solid ingots from non-ferrous metals, especially Aluminum, Copper, Magnesium and their alloys. The original ingots are usually further processed by other methods (rolling, forging, etc.). More than half of global aluminum production uses the Direct Chill casting process.
Direct Chill casting operates by pouring liquid metal continuously into a short mold (7.5–15 cm deep) that is open at the bottom. Only an outer layer of metal solidifies within the water-cooled mold. After leaving the closed mold at its bottom (e.g. with 5–15 cm/min), water is directly sprayed on the new ingot, continuing the solidification until complete. Only about 20% of the heat of the molten metal is removed through the mold wall, the secondary cooling (Direct Chill) contributing the majority of cooling. Typically the process is started with a starter-dummy block at the bottom of the mold, and runs until the maximum length possible in the machine is reached (up to 10 m).
The casting method reduces the internal stress in the cooled material by allowing contractions on all sides, as opposed to only on the top of the ingot in a traditional trough mold.
References
Casting (manufacturing)
Jalagam Vengal Rao Park (also known as JVR Park) is a park located in Banjara Hills in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. The park was named after the 5th Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh – Jalagam Vengala Rao.
The park maintenance has been handed over to a private contractor, by the GHMC. Park now also hosts parties and musical soirees.
References
Parks in Hyderabad, India
Geography of Hyderabad, India
Tourist attractions in Hyderabad, India
Amīn al-Dawla ("Trusted Supporter of the Dynasty/State") is an Arabic honorific title. It may refer to:
al-Hasan ibn Ammar ( 962–997), Fatimid commander and chief minister
Ibn al-Tilmīdh (1073–1165), Syriac Christian physician and scholar in the Abbasid court
Farrokh Khan (1812–1871), Persian official and ambassador to Napoleon III and Queen Victoria
Arabic honorifics
Ryszard Morawski (born 2 March 1933 in Warsaw) is a Polish artist.  They are a painter (battle painting, historical uniforms and equipment), illustrator, toy designer and sculptor of tin figures.
They studied painting under Michał Bylina and Antoni Trzeszczkowski at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw.
Publications
Books
Ryszard Morawski, Henryk Wielecki: Wojsko Księstwa Warszawskiego. Kawaleria (1992, )
Ryszard Morawski, Henryk Wielecki: Wojsko Księstwa Warszawskiego. Generalicja, sztaby (1996, )
Ryszard Morawski, Andrzej Nieuważny: Wojsko Księstwa Warszawskiego. Artyleria, inżynierowie, saperzy (2004, ; 2011, )
Ryszard Morawski, Adam Paczuski: Wojsko Księstwa Warszawskiego. Ułani, gwardie honorowe, pospolite ruszenie, żandarmeria konna. Tom I-II (2009, )
Ryszard Morawski, Adam Paczuski: Wojsko Księstwa Warszawskiego. Piechota, gwardie narodowe, weterani. Tom I-II (2014, )
Ryszard Morawski, Sławomir Leśniewski: Wojsko polskie w służbie Napoleona. Legia Nadwiślańska. Lansjerzy Nadwiślańscy. (2008, )
Ryszard Morawski, Andrzej Nieuważny: Wojsko polskie w służbie Napoleona. Gwardia: szwoleżerowie, Tatarzy, eklererzy, grenadierzy. (2008, )
Ryszard Morawski, Andrzej Dusiewicz: Wojsko polskie w służbie Napoleona. Legiony Polskie we Włoszech. Legia Naddunajska. Legia Polsko-Włoska. Legia Północna. (2010, )
Postcards
Ryszard Morawski. Mundur polski 1797–1815. Warsaw 2010 (90 postcards in 10 separate cases, 14,8 x 10,4 cm)
Ryszard Morawski: Józef Antoni Poniatowski 1763–1813; publikacja pamiątkowa z okazji 200-lecia śmierci księcia Józefa A. Poniatowskiego. Warsaw 2012 (12 postcards, 21 x 14,8 cm)
Ryszard Morawski. Napoleon Bonaparte i jego dzielni dowódcy. Warsaw 2016 (9 postcards, 14,8 x 10,4 cm)
Calendars
Ryszard Morawski. Wojsko Księstwa Warszawskiego. Kawaleria [calendar] 1992
Ryszard Morawski. Poniatowski i inni [calendar] 2013
Reviews
Maciej Rosalak: Śladem ułanów i szwoleżerów. Uważam Rze HISTORIA, nr 9 December 2012 p. 92-93
Michał Karpowicz: Karabela w mundurze. Za mundurem panny sznurem – może to znowu ma sens. W sieci Historii, no. 4 (11) April 2014
Allan Chappet: L'armée du duché de Varsovie. RSN Reuve du Souvenir Napoléonien no. 490 p. 63
Allan Chappet: La Légion Polonaise. RSN Reuve du Souvenir Napoléonien no. 491 p. 68
Allan Chappet: L'armée du duché de Varsovie. RSN Reuve du Souvenir Napoléonien no. 499 p. 59
Markus Stein: Rezension: Polnische Truppen der Napoleonischen Zeit
References
1933 births
Polish painters
Polish male painters
Living people
Artists from Warsaw
C.I.D. In Jungle is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by G. P. Kammath. The film stars Sathyan, T. S. Muthaiah, Abbas and Devika in thelead roles. The film had musical score by Bhagyanath.
Cast
Sathyan
T. S. Muthaiah
Abbas
Devika
Madhumathi
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Bhagyanath and the lyrics were written by Kedamangalam Sadanandan.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
The Wet Tropics Management Authority (WTMA) is an Australian environmental body. Formed in 1992, the organisation is "charged with managing the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area according to Australia's obligations under the World Heritage Convention." The Authority is based in Cairns, Queensland.
It is jointly funded by the Australian Federal, and Queensland State governments. As of 2017 the WTMA employed about 52 staff.
The WTMA operates under the Wet Tropics World Heritage Protection and Management Act 1993.
Governance
The WTMA has a board of six part-time directors, serving for up to three years, plus a full-time non-voting executive director. The Federal and Queensland governments each nominate two directors. At least one Federal nominee must be an Aboriginal Australian. The Wet Tropics Ministerial Forum, comprising the Federal and Queensland State Ministers with environmental portfolios, nominate the boards chair, and an Aboriginal director. The board usually meets quarterly. The organisation is led by Executive Director Scott Buchanan.
Science Advisory Committee
The WTMA board appoints suitably qualified people to its Scientific Advisory Committee. The committee advises the board on "scientific research that contributes to the protection, conservation and scientific developments relevant to the Wet Tropics of Queensland World Heritage Area."
References
Environmental protection agencies
The institution now known as the University of Pennsylvania was founded as a secondary school in 1740 and by the time of the American Revolution had grown to include a college and medical school called the College of Philadelphia. While it operated under a state charter, it was a private institution with its own board of trustees. Many were Loyalists, and when the revolutionary government of Pennsylvania regained control of the city of Philadelphia after the British occupation of 1777-8, it rechartered the institution as the "University of the State of Pennsylvania," appointed new trustees, and dismissed Provost William Smith. Following repeated lawsuits by Smith and the original trustees, the state restored the College's charter in 1789, but the University continued to operate on the original campus. The two competing institutions merged in 1791, forming the University of Pennsylvania.
References
Penn in the 18th Century - at Penn's archives
at "The University of Pennsylvania" by Francis N. Thorpe
State of Pennsylvania
Defunct universities and colleges in Philadelphia
1779 establishments in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1779
Margaret Pearse (; 12 February 1857 – 22 April 1932) was an Irish politician. They were the mother of Patrick Pearse and Willie Pearse, who were both executed after the 1916 Easter Rising. They were later elected to Dáil Éireann.
Early life
Margaret Brady was born on 12 February 1857 in Dublin and was baptised in St. Lawrence O'Toole's parish. At that time, their parents were living at 1, Clarence Street. Them father was Patrick Brady, a coal merchant, whose family were from County Meath and their mother was Brigid Brady (née Savage) of Oldtown, County Dublin. Margaret had three known siblings, and was educated by the Sisters of St Vincent de Paul. They were employed as a stationery shop assistant where they met their future husband, James Pearse.
Marriage and children
In 1877 they married James Pearse (his second marriage) at St. Agatha's church, off the North Strand. James was born in Bloomsbury, Middlesex, on 8 December 1839, and later lived in Birmingham. They came to Ireland to work as a sculptor in the late 1850s with their first wife, Emily Susanna Fox, who later died in 1876.
Margaret and James had four children together. The first three children are Margaret Mary born 4 August 1878, Patrick born 10 November 1879 and William born 15 November 1881. All three children were born while the family lived in 27 Great Brunswick St. Their youngest child, Mary Brigid, was born 29 September 1888, by which time the family had moved to Newbridge Avenue, Sandymount. Margaret's aunt, Margaret Brady, an Irish speaker, was a frequent visitor to the family home and encouraged the children's interest in the Irish language and culture. Them husband James Pearse died in 1900. Margaret Pearse did not permit their children to play with other children, however, they supported their children in all their aspirations. They had a very strong relationship and consequent effect on their eldest son, Patrick. They took over the responsibility of Housekeeper at the school at St. Enda's.
Political career
Margaret supported their sons' political beliefs. After their execution, they wished to maintain their legacy and became involved in political life. They joined Sinn Féin after the Rising and gave support and endorsement to candidates during the 1918 Westminster election. During the 1920 Poor Law Elections for the Rathmines area of Dublin, Margaret stood as a Sinn Féin candidate and was elected on the first count. They were elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the 1921 elections.
They strongly opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty, as did all the female TDs. They stated during the Treaty debate that:
Following the ratification of the Treaty they left the Dáil with the other anti-Treaty deputies. They were defeated at the 1922 general election. They supported those who opposed the Treaty during the Irish Civil War and continued to be a member of Sinn Féin until 1926. In 1926 they left the party conference with Éamon de Valera and became a founder member of Fianna Fáil. They never stood for election again.
Them daughter Margaret Mary Pearse also joined Fianna Fáil, and served as a TD from 1933 to 1937 and later served in Seanad Éireann as a Senator from 1938 until their death in 1968.
Later life and legacy
At the launch of The Irish Press newspaper Margaret was asked to press the button to start the printers rolling. At many public occasions they stated that were their sons alive they too would have joined Fianna Fáil. Accordingly, Patrick Pearse is recognised as the spiritual figurehead of the party to this day.
Patrick Pearse founded St. Enda's in 1908 and was the principal up until the time of their execution. After Patrick's death, the responsibility for running the school fell to Margaret Pearse and their two daughters, Mary Margaret Pearse and Mary Brigid Pearse. As Patrick Pearse had died without a will, the school was left in a precarious financial position. In May 1924, when Margaret Pearse was aged 70, they undertook a trip to America to raise funds for the school, alongside showing support for Éamon de Valera and the Irish Republic. At an event in Brooklyn on 19 May 1924, when referencing the execution of their two sons, Margaret declared themselves the "proudest mother in Ireland". They also stated that Michael Collins had attempted to "bribe" them with an offer to subsidise the school, which they refused. During a meeting in Seattle on 11 August 1924, they again discussed their sons and how they believed "the best way to honour their memory was to carry on their work for Ireland". Margaret raised over $10,000 in donations for the school during the trip. Notwithstanding Margaret's fundraising activities, St. Enda's continued to decline and eventually closed in 1935.
Great Brunswick Street, where Margaret and the Pearse family originally lived, was renamed Pearse Street in 1920 by a resolution passed at the Dublin City Council meeting.
Death
Margaret Pearse died in 1932. They were honoured with a large state funeral and a motion was passed at the meeting of Dublin City Council expressing sympathy with the Pearse family. On 26 April 1932 sizeable crowds paid their respects as their funeral procession made its way through the streets of Dublin. At the General Post Office, where Patrick and William fought during the Easter Rising, the funeral cortege paused for a minute's silence before proceeding to Glasnevin Cemetery. Éamon de Valera gave an oration as they were laid to rest, which praised their inspiring courage, charity and cheerfulness during the years after their son's death.
After Margaret's death, their daughter, Mary Margaret, continued to reside at St. Enda's. Upon Mary Margaret's death in 1968, as per their mother's request, they passed the house on to the people of Ireland.
Further reading
References
1857 births
1932 deaths
Early Sinn Féin TDs
People of the Easter Rising
Fianna Fáil
Members of the 2nd Dáil
20th-century women Teachtaí Dála
Margaret
Politicians from Dublin (city)
Dorcadion semiargentatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1905. It is known from Iran.
Subspecies
Dorcadion semiargentatum burdzushense Danilevsky & Murzin, 2009
Dorcadion semiargentatum ortrudheinzae Danilevsky, 1998
Dorcadion semiargentatum sarabense Holzschuh, 1993
Dorcadion semiargentatum sementivum Danilevsky & Murzin, 2009
Dorcadion semiargentatum semiargentatum Pic, 1905
References
semiargentatum
Beetles described in 1905
Calochilus grandiflorus, commonly known as the giant beard orchid or golden beard orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Australia. It has a single leaf with a reddish base and up to fifteen relatively large golden bronze-coloured flowers with a red or coppery red "beard".
Description
Calochilus grandiflorus is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single linear leaf, long and wide, usually with a reddish base. The leaf is fully developed when the first flower opens. Up to fifteen golden bronze-coloured flowers long and wide are borne on a wiry flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is long and wide. The lateral sepals are a similar length but narrower. The petals are long and about wide. The labellum is flat, long and wide with thin red calli near its base. The middle section of the labellum has coarse coppery red or yellowish hairs up to and the tip has a glandular "tail" up to long. The column has two purple coloured "eyes" but there is no ridge between the eyes. Flowering occurs from September to December.
Taxonomy
The giant beard orchid was first formally described in 1873 by George Bentham who gave it the name Calochilus campestris var. grandiflorus and published the description in Flora Australiensis. In 1915 Karel Domin raised the variety to species status.<ref name=APNI>{{cite web|title=Calochilus grandiflorus|url= https://id.biodiversity.org.au/instance/apni/525355|publisher=APNI|accessdate=28 June 2018}}</ref> The specific epithet (grandiflorus) is derived from the Latin words grandis meaning "large", "great", "noble", "sublime" or "magnificent" and flos meaning "flower".
Distribution and habitatCalochilus grandiflorus'' grows in near-coastal heath, sometimes on nearby mountains in New South Wales north from Bulahdelah and in southeastern Queensland.
References
grandiflorus
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1873
Arnulfo Pozo (born 27 November 1945) is an Ecuadorian former cyclist. They competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Ecuadorian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Ecuador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Tulcán
Ontotext is a software company with offices in Europe and USA. It is the semantic technology branch of Sirma Group. Its main domain of activity is the development of software based on the Semantic Web languages and standards, in particular RDF, OWL and SPARQL. Ontotext is best known for the Ontotext GraphDB semantic graph database engine. Another major business line is the development of enterprise knowledge management and analytics systems that involve big knowledge graphs. Those systems are developed on top of the Ontotext Platform that builds on top of GraphDB capabilities for text mining using big knowledge graphs.
Together with BBC, Ontotext developed one of the early large-scale industrial semantic applications, Dynamic Semantic Publishing, starting in 2010.
Ontotext content management systems deliver semantic tagging, classification, recommendation, search and discovery services. Typically they involve semantic data integration that results in a big knowledge graph, which combines proprietary master data with open data and commercially available datasets. These big knowledge graphs are used to provide context about the corresponding domain and semantic profiles of the key concepts and entities in it.
Products
Ontotext GraphDB (formerly OWLIM) – a RDF triplestore available in three versions – Free, Standard and Enterprise. GraphDB is optimized for metadata and master data management, graph analytics and data publishing. Since version 8.0 GraphDB integrates OpenRefine to allow for easy ingestion and reconciliation of tabular data
Ontotext Platform – providing an enrichment suite for text mining and semantic annotation, data integration tools that can transform data into RDF, and tools for semantic curation allowing users to search the knowledge base and curate content at the same time
Demonstrators
Ontotext runs several public demonstration services:
NOW – News On the Web shows how a news feed can be categorized and enriched, implementing semantic faceted search. It demonstrates the capabilities of semantic technology for publishing purposes
Rank – news popularity ranking of companies. Supports rankings by industry sectors and countries, including subsidiaries. Based on semantic tags that link news articles to big knowledge graph of linked open data
Fact Forge – hub for open Linked data and news about people, organizations and locations. It includes more than 1 billion facts from popular datasets such as DBpedia, Geonames, Wordnet, the Panama Papers, etc., as well as ontologies such as the Financial Industry Business Ontology (FIBO)
Linked Life Data – a data-as-a-service platform that provides access to 25 public biomedical databases through a single access point. The service allows writing of complex data analytical queries and answering complex bioinformatics questions. Simply navigate through the information, or export subsets such as 'all approved drugs and their brand names'
Linked Leaks – Panama Papers leak linked to additional knowledge about the world
Elections – tracking of detailed behaviors in Bulgarian elections, e.g., indicating possible election irregularities
Open source software
Ontotext has supported the development of the following open source software, starting with EC research projects since 2001:
RDF4J (formerly Sesame) – an RDF framework for Java, started in On-To-Knowledge
General Architecture for Text Engineering (GATE) – a NLP framework, developed in SEKT, TAO, MediaCampaign, PrestoSpace.
Research projects
The company has been involved in over 30 research projects in the European Commission Framework Programmes in the domains of
Semantic Web, Linked Data, Open Data and Text mining. An interactive project timeline is available.
References
Companies based in Sofia
Companies established in 2000
Bulgarian brands
Software companies of Bulgaria
Semantic Web companies
The enzyme cytochrome c oxidase or Complex IV, , is a large transmembrane protein complex found in bacteria, archaea, and mitochondria of eukaryotes.
It is the last enzyme in the respiratory electron transport chain of cells located in the membrane. It receives an electron from each of four cytochrome c molecules and transfers them to one oxygen molecule and four protons, producing two molecules of water. In addition to binding the four protons from the inner aqueous phase, it translocates another four protons across the membrane, increasing the transmembrane difference of proton electrochemical potential, which the ATP synthase then uses to synthesize ATP.
Structure
The complex
The complex is a large integral membrane protein composed of several metal prosthetic sites and 14 protein subunits in mammals. In mammals, eleven subunits are nuclear in origin, and three are synthesized in the mitochondria. The complex contains two hemes, a cytochrome a and cytochrome a, and two copper centers, the Cu and Cu centers. In fact, the cytochrome a and Cu form a binuclear center that is the site of oxygen reduction. Cytochrome c, which is reduced by the preceding component of the respiratory chain (cytochrome bc1 complex, Complex III), docks near the Cu binuclear center and passes an electron to it, being oxidized back to cytochrome c containing Fe. The reduced Cu binuclear center now passes an electron on to cytochrome a, which in turn passes an electron on to the cytochrome a>-Cu binuclear center. The two metal ions in this binuclear center are 4.5 Å apart and coordinate a hydroxide ion in the fully oxidized state.
Crystallographic studies of cytochrome c oxidase show an unusual post-translational modification, linking C6 of Tyr(244) and the ε-N of His(240) (bovine enzyme numbering). It plays a vital role in enabling the cytochrome a- Cu binuclear center to accept four electrons in reducing molecular oxygen and four protons to water. The mechanism of reduction was formerly thought to involve a peroxide intermediate, which was believed to lead to superoxide production. However, the currently accepted mechanism involves a rapid four-electron reduction involving immediate oxygen-oxygen bond cleavage, avoiding any intermediate likely to form superoxide.
The conserved subunits
Assembly
COX assembly in yeast is a complex process that is not entirely understood due to the rapid and irreversible aggregation of hydrophobic subunits that form the holoenzyme complex, as well as aggregation of mutant subunits with exposed hydrophobic patches. COX subunits are encoded in both the nuclear and mitochondrial genomes. The three subunits that form the COX catalytic core are encoded in the mitochondrial genome.
Hemes and cofactors are inserted into subunits I & II. The two heme molecules reside in subunit I, helping with transport to subunit II where two copper molecules aid with the continued transfer of electrons. Subunits I and IV initiate assembly. Different subunits may associate to form sub-complex intermediates that later bind to other subunits to form the COX complex. In post-assembly modifications, COX will form a homodimer. This is required for activity. Dimers are connected by a cardiolipin molecule, which has been found to play a key role in stabilization of the holoenzyme complex. The dissociation of subunits VIIa and III in conjunction with the removal of cardiolipin results in total loss of enzyme activity. Subunits encoded in the nuclear genome are known to play a role in enzyme dimerization and stability. Mutations to these subunits eliminate COX function.
Assembly is known to occur in at least three distinct rate-determining steps. The products of these steps have been found, though specific subunit compositions have not been determined.
Synthesis and assembly of COX subunits I, II, and III are facilitated by translational activators, which interact with the 5' untranslated regions of mitochondrial mRNA transcripts. Translational activators are encoded in the nucleus. They can operate through either direct or indirect interaction with other components of translation machinery, but exact molecular mechanisms are unclear due to difficulties associated with synthesizing translation machinery in-vitro. Though the interactions between subunits I, II, and III encoded within the mitochondrial genome make a lesser contribution to enzyme stability than interactions between bigenomic subunits, these subunits are more conserved, indicating potential unexplored roles for enzyme activity.
Biochemistry
The overall reaction is
4 Fe – cytochrome c + 4 H + O → 4 Fe – cytochrome c + 2 HO ΔG' = - 218 kJ/mol
Two electrons are passed from two cytochrome c's, through the Cu and cytochrome a site to the cytochrome a–Cu binuclear center, reducing the metals to the Fe form and Cu. The hydroxide ligand is protonated and lost as water, creating a void between the metals that is filled by O. The oxygen is rapidly reduced, with two electrons coming from the Fe-cytochrome a, which is converted to the ferryl oxo form (Fe=O). The oxygen atom close to Cu picks up one electron from Cu, and a second electron and a proton from the hydroxyl of Tyr(244), which becomes a tyrosyl radical. The second oxygen is converted to a hydroxide ion by picking up two electrons and a proton. A third electron from another cytochrome c is passed through the first two electron carriers to the cytochrome a–Cu binuclear center, and this electron and two protons convert the tyrosyl radical back to Tyr, and the hydroxide bound to Cu to a water molecule. The fourth electron from another cytochrome c flows through Cu and cytochrome a to the cytochrome a–Cu binuclear center, reducing the Fe=O to Fe, with the oxygen atom picking up a proton simultaneously, regenerating this oxygen as a hydroxide ion coordinated in the middle of the cytochrome a–Cu center as it was at the start of this cycle. Overall, four reduced cytochrome c's are oxidized while O and four protons are reduced to two water molecules.
Inhibition
COX exists in three conformational states: fully oxidized (pulsed), partially reduced, and fully reduced. Each inhibitor has a high affinity to a different state. In the pulsed state, both the heme a and the Cu nuclear centers are oxidized; this is the conformation of the enzyme that has the highest activity. A two-electron reduction initiates a conformational change that allows oxygen to bind at the active site to the partially-reduced enzyme. Four electrons bind to COX to fully reduce the enzyme. Its fully reduced state, which consists of a reduced Fe at the cytochrome a heme group and a reduced Cu binuclear center, is considered the inactive or resting state of the enzyme.
Cyanide, azide, and carbon monoxide all bind to cytochrome c oxidase, inhibiting the protein from functioning and leading to the chemical asphyxiation of cells. Higher concentrations of molecular oxygen are needed to compensate for increasing inhibitor concentrations, leading to an overall reduction in metabolic activity in the cell in the presence of an inhibitor. Other ligands, such as nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide, can also inhibit COX by binding to regulatory sites on the enzyme, reducing the rate of cellular respiration.
Cyanide is a non-competitive inhibitor for COX, binding with high affinity to the partially-reduced state of the enzyme and hindering further reduction of the enzyme. In the pulsed state, cyanide binds slowly, but with high affinity. The ligand is posited to electrostatically stabilize both metals at once by positioning itself between them. A high nitric oxide concentration, such as one added exogenously to the enzyme, reverses cyanide inhibition of COX.
Nitric oxide can reversibly bind to either metal ion in the binuclear center to be oxidized to nitrite. NO and CN will compete with oxygen to bind at the site, reducing the rate of cellular respiration. Endogenous NO, however, which is produced at lower levels, augments CN inhibition. Higher levels of NO, which correlate with the existence of more enzyme in the reduced state, lead to a greater inhibition of cyanide. At these basal concentrations, NO inhibition of Complex IV is known to have beneficial effects, such as increasing oxygen levels in blood vessel tissues. The inability of the enzyme to reduce oxygen to water results in a buildup of oxygen, which can diffuse deeper into surrounding tissues. NO inhibition of Complex IV has a larger effect at lower oxygen concentrations, increasing its utility as a vasodilator in tissues of need.
Hydrogen sulfide will bind COX in a noncompetitive fashion at a regulatory site on the enzyme, similar to carbon monoxide. Sulfide has the highest affinity to either the pulsed or partially reduced states of the enzyme, and is capable of partially reducing the enzyme at the heme a center. It is unclear whether endogenous HS levels are sufficient to inhibit the enzyme. There is no interaction between hydrogen sulfide and the fully reduced conformation of COX.
Methanol in methylated spirits is converted into formic acid, which also inhibits the same oxidase system. High levels of ATP can allosterically inhibit cytochrome c oxidase, binding from within the mitochondrial matrix.
Extramitochondrial and subcellular localizations
Cytochrome c oxidase has 3 subunits which are encoded by mitochondrial DNA (cytochrome c oxidase subunit I, subunit II, and subunit III). Of these 3 subunits encoded by mitochondrial DNA, two have been identified in extramitochondrial locations. In pancreatic acinar tissue, these subunits were found in zymogen granules. Additionally, in the anterior pituitary, relatively high amounts of these subunits were found in growth hormone secretory granules. The extramitochondrial function of these cytochrome c oxidase subunits has not yet been characterized. Besides cytochrome c oxidase subunits, extramitochondrial localization has also been observed for large numbers of other mitochondrial proteins. This raises the possibility about existence of yet unidentified specific mechanisms for protein translocation from mitochondria to other cellular destinations.
Genetic defects and disorders
Defects involving genetic mutations altering cytochrome c oxidase (COX) functionality or structure can result in severe, often fatal metabolic disorders. Such disorders usually manifest in early childhood and affect predominantly tissues with high energy demands (brain, heart, muscle). Among the many classified mitochondrial diseases, those involving dysfunctional COX assembly are thought to be the most severe.
The vast majority of COX disorders are linked to mutations in nuclear-encoded proteins referred to as assembly factors, or assembly proteins. These assembly factors contribute to COX structure and functionality, and are involved in several essential processes, including transcription and translation of mitochondrion-encoded subunits, processing of preproteins and membrane insertion, and cofactor biosynthesis and incorporation.
Currently, mutations have been identified in seven COX assembly factors: SURF1, SCO1, SCO2, COX10, COX15, COX20, COA5 and LRPPRC. Mutations in these proteins can result in altered functionality of sub-complex assembly, copper transport, or translational regulation. Each gene mutation is associated with the etiology of a specific disease, with some having implications in multiple disorders. Disorders involving dysfunctional COX assembly via gene mutations include Leigh syndrome, cardiomyopathy, leukodystrophy, anemia, and sensorineural deafness.
Histochemistry
The increased reliance of neurons on oxidative phosphorylation for energy facilitates the use of COX histochemistry in mapping regional brain metabolism in animals, since it establishes a direct and positive correlation between enzyme activity and neuronal activity. This can be seen in the correlation between COX enzyme amount and activity, which indicates the regulation of COX at the level of gene expression. COX distribution is inconsistent across different regions of the animal brain, but its pattern of its distribution is consistent across animals. This pattern has been observed in the monkey, mouse, and calf brain. One isozyme of COX has been consistently detected in histochemical analysis of the brain. Such brain mapping has been accomplished in spontaneous mutant mice with cerebellar disease such as reeler and a transgenic model of Alzheimer's disease. This technique has also been used to map learning activity in the animal brain.
Additional images
See also
Cytochrome c oxidase subunit I
Cytochrome c oxidase subunit II
Cytochrome c oxidase subunit III
Heme a
References
External links
The Cytochrome Oxidase home page at Rice University
Interactive Molecular model of cytochrome c oxidase (Requires MDL Chime)
Cellular respiration
EC 1.9.3
Hemoproteins
Integral membrane proteins
Copper enzymes
George Edward Wakefield was an English professional footballer. After an unsuccessful spell with Bradford City, where they failed to make the first team, they moved to Gillingham and made ten Football League appearances in the 1921–22 season before apparently dropping out of the professional game.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
English footballers
Gillingham F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Footballers from Bradford
Association footballers not categorized by position
Vertical electrical sounding (VES) is a geophysical method for investigation of a geological medium. The method is based on the estimation of the electrical conductivity or resistivity of the medium. The estimation is performed based on the measurement of voltage of electrical field induced by the distant grounded electrodes (current electrodes).
Measurements
Figures 1–4 show the possible configuration of the measurement setup. The electrodes A and B are current electrodes which are connected to a current source; N and M are potential electrodes which are used for the voltage measurements. As source, the direct current or low frequency alternating current is used.
The interpretation of the measurements can be performed based on the apparent resistivity values. The depth of investigation depends on the distance between the current electrodes. In order to obtain the apparent resistivity as the function of depth, the measurements for each position are performed with several different distances between current electrodes. The apparent resistivity is calculated as
here, k is a geometric factor, — voltage between electrodes М and N, — current in the line AB. The geometric factor is defined by
here r is the distance between electrodes.
Interpretation of gathered data is performed based on the dependency ρk(AB/2).
The application of large electrode arrays allows for reconstructing complex 3D structure of geological media (see Electrical resistivity tomography). However, the interpretation of such measurement is rather difficult.
In this case, advanced interpretation techniques based on numerical methods can be applied.
Numerical calculation freeware
Solution of inverse problem
Solution of forward problem
See also
Electrical resistivity tomography (ERT)
Magnetotellurics
Seismo-electromagnetics
Telluric current
References
Geophysical imaging
Inverse problems
La poliziotta a New York (internationally released as A Policewoman in New York) is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. It is the final chapter in the "poliziotta" trilogy directed by Tarantini and starred by Edwige Fenech, with the first two films being Confessions of a Lady Cop (La poliziotta fa carriera, 1976) and A Policewoman on the Porno Squad (La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume, 1979).
Cast
Edwige Fenech: Gianna Amicucci/La Pupa
Alvaro Vitali: Alvaro Tarallo/Joe Dodiciomicidi
Aldo Maccione: Big John
Renzo Montagnani: Mac Caron
Giacomo Rizzo: Il Turco
Enzo Andronico: the teacher of dialect
Fidel Mbanga-Bauna: Gedeone
References
External links
1981 films
Commedia sexy all'italiana
Poliziotta films
1980s police comedy films
1980s sex comedy films
Films directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini
Films set in Italy
Films set in New York (state)
Films scored by Berto Pisano
1981 comedy films
1980s Italian-language films
1980s Italian films
Tourism in Benin is a small industry. In 1996, Benin had approximately 150,000 tourists. By 2014 number rose to 242,000. A small country with a high concentration of tourist attractions, Benin's national parks and culture are among its main tourist attractions. Abomey is one of Benin's main tourist attractions, with palaces that became a World Heritage Site in 1982. The capital city Porto Novo's attractions include its museums and architecture.
Cotonou is the only international airport in Benin. There are direct flights to Benin from Belgium, France, and a number of African countries. There are 578 kilometres of railroad in the country, which were developed under a joint effort with the Republic of Niger.
Benin's government regards tourism as a method of diversifying its economy, attracting more foreign investment, and decreasing Benin's dependence on its agricultural industry. Although the government has a National Policy of Tourism Development, it has not made a strong effort to improve tourist facilities or to market Benin as a tourist destination.
Some of the best wildlife areas in West Africa are found in north Benin, where Pendjari National Park and W National Park are located. The best time to see the Pendjari National Park's wildlife is towards the end of the dry season. The park is accessible to travellers and accommodation is available. W National Park is located in Benin's far north, and stretches across Burkina Faso and Niger. The park has a wealth of wildlife, but is difficult to access from Benin.
See also
Wildlife of Benin
Music of Benin
References
Benin
Coy Payne (May 22, 1929 – December 8, 2019) was an American politician who served as the first African-American mayor of Chandler, Arizona. They previously served on the Chandler City Council from 1983 to 1990.
Biography
Payne was born in Sulphur Springs, Texas, one of nine children born to Scott and Virgie Payne. Their family moved to Eloy, Arizona in the early 1940s where they picked cotton as a youth so their family could purchase a car. The family moved north to Chandler where there were no schools for Black students and they were forced to attend school in Mesa, Arizona. They were refused admission to the local high school and had to attend all-black Carver High School in Phoenix, Arizona. They briefly attended Arizona State University before dropping out and enlisting in the U.S. Army where they saw combat in the Korean War. They finished their education at ASU after leaving the army and took a job in Chandler as a third-grade teacher; they retired in 1989.
In 1983, they were elected the first African-American to the Chandler City Council. In 1990, they defeated city council member Jane DuComb by a margin of 2:1 to become mayor of Chandler, the first African-American elected mayor of any city in Arizona despite Chandler being only 3% African-American at the time. Their predecessor was Richard Dugan. While mayor, they presided over the rapid growth of the city which grew 96 percent between 1990 and 2000, helped create the city's housing authority, and oversaw the expansion of parks and recreation programs.
Personal life
They were married to Willie Woods, an accountant and civil rights activist; they had six children. They died on December 8, 2019.
References
1929 births
2019 deaths
21st-century American politicians
African-American mayors in Arizona
People from Chandler, Arizona
Mayors of places in Arizona
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
People from Sulphur Springs, Texas
Manjil (, also Romanized as Manjīl and Menjīl ; derived from Manzil) is a city in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16,028, in 4,447 families.
Geography
Manjil is known as the windy city of Iran, a reputation it owes to its geographical position in the Alborz mountain range at a small cleft in Alborz that funnels the wind through Manjil to the Qazvin plateau. The biggest wind farm of Iran, the Manjil and Rudbar Wind Farm, is located near Manjil.
Manjil is known for the river Sefīd-Rūd (or "Sepid Rood", "Sefid Rood", "white river"). It passes by the town and is formed in Manjil by two joining rivers. Since 1960 it has been the site of the Manjil Dam that significantly contributes to Gilan's agriculture, such as its olive groves, while generating electric power. The reservoir impounded by the Manjil Dam adds to the beauty of the area.
History
Throughout the history Manjil has been a gate to the southern Caspian Sea region. There are numerous archaeological site excavations (mostly illegal) in the Manjil area because of its rich cultural history. Some of these sites are related to the Ismaili era, i.e., Hassan Sabbah movement based in Alamoot forte (one may find artifacts from the 3rd-2nd millennia BC in some households).
Modern history
In the modern era, Manjil was the site of a historical battle between the nationalist revolutionary forces of Jangal (led by Mirza Koochak Khan) and the joint British and White Russian forces on June 12, 1918. The latter forces (led by General Dunsterville and Colonel Bicherakhov) willing to pass through Manjil as the only passage to the Caspian to reach Baku and overthrow the newly formed Baku Commune (led by Stepan Shahumian). General Dunsterville's private diaries and notes, including those kept during their command of the Dunsterforce Mission to North Persia and Baku, 1918 were transcribed from the original by General Dunsterville's great granddaughter, and are co-located on the Great War Primary Documents Archive.
Although devastated by a 1990 Manjil–Rudbar earthquake of magnitude 7.3, for the last few decades Manjil has enjoyed industrial and economic growth.
People
Manjil had a main Azerbaijani Turkish population from the ʿAmmārlu tribe, together with Tats and Kurds.
References
External links
General Dunsterville's diary - Great War Primary Documents Archive
Cities in Gilan Province
Populated places in Rudbar County
Settled areas of Elburz
Cities destroyed by earthquakes
Janez Skok (born June 18, 1963 in Ljubljana) is a Yugoslav-born, Slovenian slalom canoeist who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. They won two medals in K1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a silver in 1987 and a bronze in 1985. They also finished tenth in the K1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1963 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Slovenia
Slovenian male canoeists
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Antoine "Tony" Garceran (born 7 February 1950) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder.
Honours
Valenciennes
Division 2: 1971–72
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Béziers
French footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
AS Béziers Hérault (football) players
Valenciennes FC players
Stade de Reims players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Gazélec Ajaccio players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat de France Amateur (1935–1971) players
Ligue 1 players
French Division 3 (1971–1993) players
Footballers from Occitania (administrative region)
Wolfgang Stockmeier (13 December 1931 – 11 December 2015) was a German composer, church musician, concert organist and academic. From 1962, they were professor of music theory, organ playing and organ improvisation at the Musikhochschule Köln, and also lectured in Düsseldorf and Herford. They made more than 150 recordings of organ music.
Career
Born in Essen, Stockmeier studied from 1951 music pedagogy and church music at the Musikhochschule Köln. They also studied musicology, German and philosophy at the Cologne University, promoted to PhD in 1957. From 1960, they lectured at the Musikhochschule music theory, organ playing and organ improvisation. They were appointed professor in 1962, and Kirchenmusikdirektor (KMD, director of church music), in 1970. They were director of the department of Protestant church music from 1974, succeeding . They also lectured at the academies of church music in Düsseldorf and Herford.
Stockmeier played almost 3000 organ concerts and made around 150 recordings, including of the complete organ works by Johann Sebastian Bach. They were from 2008 president of the association Hallische Musiktage which organises the festival Hallische Musiktage of contemporary music.
Publications
Stockmeier's publications are held by the German National Library.
Die Programmmusik. 1970.
Musikalische Formprinzipien. 1976.
Die deutsche Orgelsonate der Gegenwart. 1958.
Compositions
Stockmeier composed around 400 works, both sacred and secular. Their work includes an opera on a libretto by Gabriele Wohmann), four oratorios, three symphonies, twelve organ sonatas, three piano sonatas, chamber music and motets.
Toccata VII für Orgel
Jauchzt, alle Lande, Gott zu Ehren, Partita, 1968
3 Stücke (3 Pieces) for flute, viola and organ, 1968
Die Versuchung Jesu gospel motet (on Matth. 4:1–11), 1968
Masse for organ and mixed choir, 1972
Die Erweckung der Tochter des Jairus, gospel motet (on Matth. 9:18–19 and 3–26), 1976
Litanei (Martin Luther), Kantionalmotette, 1979
Verwandlung einer Collage, 1992
Sechs Praeludien für Orgel, 2003
Nun komm, der Heiden Heiland, (Advent motet, on "Nun komm, der Heiden Heiland"), 2003
Sentiment, 2005
Recordings
Stockmeier made more than 150 recordings of organ music, including the complete organ works by Johann Sebastian Bach, and Charles Marie Widor's Eighth Symphony for organ. They received the award Deutscher Schallplattenpreis for two recordings.
References
External links
Wolfgang Stockmeier (Organ) Bach Cantatas Website 2007
Vollständiges Werkverzeichnis von Wolfgang Stockmeier
J. S. Bach – Pastorale, BWV 590 (Wolfgang Stockmeier) on YouTube
Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln faculty
German composers
Sacred music composers
German classical organists
German male organists
Musicians from Essen
1931 births
2015 deaths
Kirchenmusikdirektor
Male classical organists
Patrick Majewski (born December 23, 1979 in Radom, Poland) is a retired Polish Americanprofessional boxer who was the NABF Middleweight professional boxing champion. They were the highest world ranked Polish boxer based in the United States along with former Heavyweight contender Tomasz Adamek during their career, and among the best known along with Polish American heavyweight Andrew Golota. Nicknamed 'The Machine', Majewski was a wrestler in high school who also excelled in Karate. Majewski went to college to become a teacher in Poland, but later moved Atlantic City, New Jersey in the United States.
Amateur career
After coming to the United States on a student visa exchange visa, Majewski took up amateur boxing. As an amateur, Majewski won the Pennsylvania Golden Gloves title at 165 pounds twice.
Professional Boxing Career
Majewski began their pro career in 2006 late at age 26 with a 17 fight win streak, including a ten-round decision win over Marcus Upshaw to win the vacant WBO NABO Middleweight title in 2011.
On July 7, 2012, Majewski won the vacant NABF Middleweight title with a fifth round stoppage over Irish Chris Fitzpatrick at Bally's Atlantic City Hotel Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Training Background
Majewski's first trainer in Atlantic City was James 'Rocky' McRae. Currently, Majewski is trained by the Atlantic City-based trainers Arnold Robbins and Bill Johnson, father the late world lightweight titleholder Leavander Johnson. Majewski is promoted by Global Boxing Promotions, which promotes professional boxing and Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, as well as amateur boxing.
Acting career
Majewski knocks down their opponent, but subsequently gets knocked out in an imaginary middleweight title bout in season one, episode 8 of the 2012 Spanish television series Cloroformo
Professional Boxing Record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|21 Wins (13 knockouts), 3 Losses, 0 Draws
|-
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|Loss
|21–3
|align=left| Curtis Stevens
| TKO || 1
|2014-01-24 || align=left| Resorts International, Atlantic City, New Jersey, USA
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Loss
|21–2
|align=left| Patrick Nielsen
| UD || 12
|2013-09-08 || align=left| Frederikshavn
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|21–1
|align=left| Jamaal Davis
| UD || 10
|2013-02-23 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|20–1
|align=left| Latif Mundy
| MD || 10
|2012-09-29 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|19–1
|align=left| Chris Fitzpatrick
| RTD || 5
|2012-07-07 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|18–1
|align=left| Antwun Echols
| TKO || 3
|2012-04-07 || align=left| Southaven, Mississippi
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Loss
|17–1
|align=left| Jose Miguel Torres
| TKO || 6
|2011-11-05 || align=left| Uncasville, Connecticut
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|17–0
|align=left| Marcus Upshaw
| UD || 10
|2011-06-11 || align=left| Southaven, Mississippi
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|16–0
|align=left| Allen Medina
| TKO || 1
|2011-04-01 || align=left| Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|15–0
|align=left| Eddie Caminero
| TKO || 8
|2010-12-09 || align=left| Newark, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|14–0
|align=left| Joe Gomez
| TKO || 7
|2010-10-16 || align=left| Kissimmee, Florida
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|13–0
|align=left| Loren Myers
| TKO || 6
|2010-05-22 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|12–0
|align=left| Anthony Pietrantonio
| UD || 6
|2010-02-06 || align=left| Newark, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|11–0
|align=left| Latif Mundy
| UD || 8
|2009-06-06 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|10–0
|align=left| Jimmy Lubash
| TKO || 7
|2009-04-24 || align=left| Newark, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|9–0
|align=left| Danny Rivera
| RTD || 5
|2008-11-25 || align=left| Melville, New York
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|8–0
|align=left| Ariel Espinal
| UD || 4
|2008-05-09 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|7–0
|align=left| Victor Paz
| TKO || 2
|2008-02-15 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|6–0
|align=left| Nick Collins
| KO || 1
|2007-11-10 || align=left| Wildwood, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|5–0
|align=left| Maurice Williams
| UD || 4
|2007-08-31 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|4–0
|align=left| Vincent Irwin
| TKO || 3
|2007-06-02 || align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|3–0
|align=left| Esteban Cordova
| UD || 4
|2007-02-16 || align=left| Franklin Square, New York
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|2–0
|align=left| Ken Dunham
| TKO || 2
|2006-12-24 || align=left| New York, New York
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|1–0
|align=left| Terry Peacock
| TKO || 2
|2006-09-20 || align=left| New York, New York
|
|-align=center
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Radom
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Polish male boxers
Middleweight boxers
Electric Crayon was a digital coloring company founded by Steve Buccellato, Marc Siry and Douglas Rosen in 1992. Based in Santa Monica, California, Electric Crayon mainly served the US comic book industry, providing digital color separations for many popular Marvel, DC, and Image titles, including Generation X, Astro City, and the one-shot Batman/Punisher crossover.
Electric Crayon was notable for two reasons:
Although Image Comics and other independent companies (such as Steve Oliff's Olyoptics) had pioneered digital color separations, they were typically focused on special projects or boutique publishers. Electric Crayon attempted to bring the greater detail and color fidelity available through digital separations to mainstream comics, typically known for coarsely screened hand separations.
Electric Crayon was founded shortly after Richard Starking's Comicraft, and occupied the same office building for a time. This led to the creation of new efficiencies in the comic book production process, where the dialogue balloons containing the lettering were composed onto the finished color art. This allowed the lettering work to happen in parallel to the inking, rather than as a serial process, compressing the time necessary to produce a finished digital file for printing.
Electric Crayon operated for slightly over a year as a comic book coloring company. Eventually, the mounting costs of archival hard disk storage and the slow computers of the time made it impractical for the company to scale without either selling to a larger company or raising rates beyond what the market would pay. Buccellato and Siry sold their interest to Rosen and proceeded to form a creative studio, Mad Science Media, focused on content publishing.
References
Bringing culture to comics: Buccellato talks 'Comiculture'
The Truth Is Out There (Part 5): Lee Loughridge & Brian Bucellato talk "Fear Agent"
Comics: Meet the Artist
Notes
Comics studios
Mount Reid () is a prominent, mainly ice-free mountain, 3,315 m, standing just east of the head of Cleaves Glacier in the Holland Range. Discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) and named for Alfred Reid, manager of the expedition.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
is a Japanese manga artist.
Kashimoto is the creator of Tasuke, the Samurai Cop, Class King Yamazaki and Croket!. In 2003 they won the Shogakukan Manga Award for the children's category for Croket!.
Works
Tasuke, the Samurai Cop ( 江戸っ子ボーイがってん太助) (October 1990-March 1991)
Storm J Boy Buttobi Fighter (嵐のJボーイ ぶっとび闘人) (April 1992-June 1995)
Class King Yamazaki (学級王ヤマザキ) (September 1995-February 2001)
Aboveboard Crocodile (超番ワニ) (February 2000-July 2001)
Croket! (コロッケ) (April 2001-November 2006)
I'm Galileo (ぼくはガリレオ) (January 2007-September 2010)
Kimeru's Y O Y O ! (キメルのＹＯＹＯ！) (October 2010-March 2012)
Back Fist Tonma (手裏拳トンマ) (2016-2018)
References
1967 births
Living people
Manga artists
Manga artists from Ehime Prefecture
National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) is an alliance of 32 cancer centers in the United States, most of which are designated by the National Cancer Institute (one of the U.S. National Institutes of Health) as comprehensive cancer centers. It is a non-profit organization with offices in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania. John W. Sweetenham, MD, FRCP, FACP, FASCO, from UT Southwestern Simmons Comprehensive Cancer Center, is chairperson of the NCCN Board of Directors. It publishes the peer-reviewed medical journal Journal of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network.
NCCN Member Institutions
Experts from the 32 NCCN Member Institutions are recognized for dealing with complex, aggressive, or rare cancers.
The 32 NCCN Member Institutions are:
Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania
Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine
Case Comprehensive Cancer Center/University Hospitals Seidman Cancer Center and Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Institute
City of Hope National Medical Center
Dana-Farber/Brigham and Women's Cancer Center | Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center
Duke Cancer Institute
Fox Chase Cancer Center
Fred & Pamela Buffett Cancer Center at the University of Nebraska Medical Center
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center
Huntsman Cancer Institute at the University of Utah
Indiana University Melvin and Bren Simon Comprehensive Cancer Center
Mayo Clinic Cancer Center
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
Moffitt Cancer Center
O'Neal Comprehensive Cancer Center at University of Alabama at Birmingham
Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center
Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center
St. Jude Children's Research Hospital/The University of Tennessee Health Science Center
Stanford Cancer Institute
The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center - James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute
The Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins
University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center
UC Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center
UC San Diego Moores Cancer Center
UCLA Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center
UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center
University of Colorado Cancer Center
University of Michigan Rogel Cancer Center
University of Wisconsin Carbone Cancer Center
University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center
Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center
Yale Cancer Center/Smilow Cancer Hospital
See also
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network
American Cancer Society Center
Canadian Cancer Society
National Cancer Institute
Oncology
Programme of Action for Cancer Therapy
References
"New developments from National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) outlined recently" Physician Law Weekly August 1, 2007
"New Guidelines Updates from National Comprehensive Cancer Network" Cancerwatch Online (March 2004) 13(3)
"NCCN and ACS Team Up to Provide Easy to Understand Information on Cancer Treatment Options"
External links
National Comprehensive Cancer Network - Physician Website
National Comprehensive Cancer Network - Patient Website
Cancer organizations based in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Pennsylvania
Hong Kong Taoist Association () is a Taoist organisation in Hong Kong. It promotes Taoism in Hong Kong and provides a series of charity services in Hong Kong, including education, medical, child care, youth activities, elderly care.
In November 2017 it organised a Taoist Festival that took over most of a popular public space, Western District Public Cargo Area, when no clear process for the application was in place, but with the stated support of the Chinese Communist Party's United Front Work Department.
See also
Taoism in Hong Kong
Hong Kong Taoist Association Tang Hin Memorial Secondary School
Hong Kong Taoist Association The Yuen Yuen Institute No.2 Secondary School
Election Committee
References
External links
Official website
Charities based in Hong Kong
Taoism in Hong Kong
Taoist organizations
Brian Gerard Tickell (born 15 November 1939) is a former professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town, Carlisle United and Gateshead. They were born in Carlisle, Cumberland.
References
1939 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Carlisle, Cumbria
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Gateshead F.C. players
Xenerpestes is the genus of greytails, birds in the family Furnariidae. It contains the following species:
Equatorial greytail, Xenerpestes singularis
Double-banded greytail, Xenerpestes minlosi
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lyons Creek () is a meltwater stream, long, flowing northeast along the south side of Taylor Glacier into the west end of Lake Bonney in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1996 after geologist William Berry Lyons, of the University of Alabama, who studied the geochemistry and paleolimnology of the streams and lakes of the McMurdo Dry Valleys from 1985.
References
Rivers of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
The 2009–10 ASEAN Basketball League season was the first season of competition since its establishment. A total of six teams competed in the league. The regular season began on 10 October 2009 and ended on 24 January 2010, which was followed by a post-season involving the top four teams.
The Philippine Patriots of the Philippines had the #1 seed at the conclusion of the regular season.
Teams
Regular season
Standings
Results
Matches
October
November
December
January
Playoffs
Semi-finals
The semi-finals are a best-of-three series, with the higher seeded team hosting Game 1, and 3, if necessary.
|}
Finals
The Finals are a best-of-five series, with the higher seeded team hosting Game 1 and 2, and 5, if necessary.
|}
Statistics
Season leaders
Last update: End of Round 11
Season highs
Last update: End of Round 11
Teams
See 2009–2010 ABL team rosters.
References
External links
The official website of the Asean Basketball League
2009–10 in Asian basketball leagues
2009-10
2009–10 in Philippine basketball
2009–10 in Malaysian basketball
2009–10 in Indonesian basketball
2009–10 in Singaporean basketball
2009–10 in Thai basketball
basketball
basketball
The men's road race at the 1984 UCI Road World Championships was the 51st edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 2 September 1984 in Barcelona, Spain. The race was won by Claude Criquielion of Belgium.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
1984 Super Prestige Pernod International
Hans Karl Walter von Greyerz (7. February 1870 in Bern – 22. September 1949 in Bern) was a Swiss Reformed pastor, Christian socialist, and hymn writer.
Family
Karl von Gruyerz was the great-grandson of the naturalist Georg Forster, son of the pastor Otto Wilhelm Aimé von Greyerz (1829–1882) and their wife Pauline Luise Locher (1838–1873). The writer was their brother.
Life
After studying theology in Basel, Jena, Bern, Berlin and Paris, they became pastor in Bürglen (Aegerten near Biel) in 1895, in Winterthur in 1902, in Kandergrund in 1912 and in 1918 at the , where they stayed until 1935. After the First World War they advocated for Christian pacifism and the introduction of alternative civilian service.
Karl von Gruyerz created a pacifist version of the hymn "Holy God, We Praise Thy Name", which is number 518 in the hymn book of the Evangelical Reformed Churches in German-speaking Switzerland and number 729 in the prayer and hymn book of the Christian Catholic Church in Switzerland.
Published works
"Greyerz, Hans Karl Walter von". In: Deutsche Biographische Enzyklopädie. 2. Ausgabe. Bd. 4 (2006), S. 135 (online).
External links
1870 births
1949 deaths
19th-century Calvinist and Reformed ministers
20th-century Calvinist and Reformed ministers
20th-century Swiss writers
Calvinist and Reformed Christian socialists
Calvinist pacifists
Christian hymnwriters
German-language writers
Swiss Christian pacifists
Swiss Christian socialists
Falco, also spelled Falko, is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. The community lies entirely within the Conecuh National Forest.
History
The community's name is an acronym for the Florida-Alabama Land Company, which harvested timber in the area. Falco was founded by members of the Florida-Alabama Land Company in 1903. The community was home to a large sawmill, the Falco Bank, Falco Bottling Company, a 40-room hotel, a grist mill and general stores. A two-story railroad depot sat near the logging railroads, which connected to the Central of Georgia and L&N lines. The town began to decline after a fire destroyed the saw mill in 1925. The mill was then moved to Willow, Florida. A post office operated under the name Falco from 1903 to 1955.
Falco was photographed by John Collier Jr., who was working for the Farm Security Administration under Roy Stryker.
Demographics
Falco was listed as an incorporated community on the U.S. Census from 1920 to 1940.
Notable person
Emory Williams, business person and entrepreneur
References
External links
1942 photographs of Falco
Additional photographs of Falco, including railroad pictures
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Cecily Sash (1924/1925 – 2019) was a South African artist, designer, and teacher. They taught design at the University of the Witwatersrand for more than 20 years.
Early life and education
Cecily Sash was born in 1924 or 1925 in Delmas, a small town in Transvaal, Union of South Africa to parents Bessie (née Liverman) and Max Sash.
From 1943 to 1946, they studied art at Witwatersrand Technical College Art School in Johannesburg, studying under Maurice van Essche. Followed by study at Chelsea Polytechnic (now Chelsea College of Arts) in London, under Henry Moore; and Camberwell School of Art (now Camberwell College of Art) with Victor Pasmore. In 1954, Sash received their fine arts degree from University of Witwatersrand.
Career
After graduation they briefly taught at Jeppe Girls' High School in Johannesburg. Shortly after they started teaching at the University of the Witwatersrand, where they remained until the 1970s. In 1965, they were awarded an Oppenheimer grant in order to further study arts education in Britain and the United States. In 1974, they moved to Britain, where they settled in the Welsh Marches.
Sash was primarily a painter, but also worked in mosaic and tapestries. Them paintings had different focus periods including one of abstraction, and one of environmental focus. Sash painted many South African murals that were commissioned, including at the Transvaal provincial administration building in Pretoria; the University of the Witwatersrand; and the Transvaal Institute of Architects.
They were part of the Amadlozi Group founded in 1961, which included Cecil Skotnes, Edoardo Villa, Guiseppe Cattaneo, and Sydney Kumalo. The name “Amadlozi” () was used for a conscious appropriation of African sculptural traditions. In 1965, Sash was included in the seminal South Africa artists' exhibition at the Grosvenor Gallery in London.
Sash died in 2019, at the age of 94.
Bibliography
References
1924 births
2019 deaths
People from Johannesburg
South African painters
South African women academics
South African women painters
20th-century South African women artists
20th-century South African painters
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
University of the Witwatersrand academics
White South African people
The 2022–23 season is the 89th season in the history of RCD Mallorca and their second consecutive season in the top flight. The club is participating in La Liga and the Copa del Rey.
Players
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 23 June 2022.
Copa del Rey
References
RCD Mallorca seasons
Mallorca
"To Each Their Own" is a 1975 dance/R&B single by trio, Faith, Hope & Charity. The single was an early disco favorite, hitting the top 20 on the disco chart peaking at number fifteen. "To Each Their Own" was a number-one R&B hit for one week in late 1975 and also peaked at number fifty on the Billboard Hot 100 pop chart. It was composed by Van McCoy who arranged and conducted the original recording.
Chart history
Other versions
Enoch Light and The Light Brigade also recorded this song, which appears on their Big Hits of the 70s album.
Van McCoy, who composed the song, recorded it for their The Real McCoy album. The album also featured Faith Hope & Charity members Brenda Hillard, Albert Bailey, Diane Destry on background vocals well as Jocelyn Shaw, Lorraine Moore and Roberta Blassingame.
Discography
Faith Hope & Charity - "To Each Their Own" / "Find A Way" - RCA Victor - RCA 2599 - (1975)
Faith Hope & Charity - "To Each Their Own" / "Find A Way" - RCA Victor PB 10343, 26.11319 - (1975) - (Germany)
Van McCoy - Van McCoy - "To Each Their Own" (That's My Philosophy) / "The Walk" - H & L Records 17743 AT - (1977) - (Netherlands)
Appears On
Enoch Light - Big Hits of the 70s, Vol 2 - Project 3 PR 6016 SD - [1975] (LP)
Van McCoy - The Real McCoy - H & L Records HL-69012-698 - [1976] - (LP)
References
1975 songs
1975 singles
Songs written by Van McCoy
RCA Records singles
Ulytau District (, ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the Auyl of Ulytau. Population:
Geography
The Ulutau, a subrange of the Kazakh Uplands, is located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
World Heritage Tentative List
The Cordobés Formation is an Early Devonian (Pragian to Emsian) geologic formation of the Durazno Group in the Paraná Basin in the Durazno Department of central Uruguay. The shallow marine shales preserve trilobite, bivalve, gastropod and brachiopod fossils.
Description
The Cordobés Formation is characterized by reddish fine shale deposited in a shallow marine environment.
Fossil content
The following fossils have been reported from the formation:
Trilobites
Acaste sp.
Burmeisteria sp.
Metacryphaeus sp.
?Calmonia sp.
?Paracalmonia sp.
?Pennaia sp.
Lophophorata
Tentaculites sp.
Strophomenata
Australostrophia sp.
Notiochonetes sp.
Schuchertella sp.
Rhynchonellata
Derbyina sp.
Australospirifer sp.
Australocoelia sp.
Lingulata
Orbiculoidea sp.
"Lingula" sp.
Styliolina sp.
"Serpulites" sp.
Bivalves
Modiolus sp.
Modiomorpha sp.
Goniophora sp.
Pleurodapis sp.
Nuculites sp.
"Nuculana" sp.
Gastropods
Encrinaster sp.
Plectonotus sp.
See also
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Uruguay
References
Bibliography
Geologic formations of Uruguay
Devonian System of South America
Devonian Uruguay
Emsian Stage
Pragian Stage
Shale formations
Shallow marine deposits
Formations
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of South America
Paleontology in Uruguay
Formations
Lee County Courthouse may refer to:
Lee County Courthouse (Alabama), Opelika, Alabama
Lee County Courthouse (Arkansas), Marianna, Arkansas
Old Lee County Courthouse, Fort Myers, Florida
Lee County Courthouse (Georgia), Leesburg, Georgia
Lee County Courthouse (Illinois), Dixon, Illinois
Lee County Courthouse (Fort Madison, Iowa)
Lee County Courthouse (Keokuk, Iowa)
Lee County Courthouse (Mississippi), Tupelo, Mississippi, listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Lee County Courthouse (North Carolina), Sanford, North Carolina
Lee County Courthouse (South Carolina), Bishopville, South Carolina
Lee County Courthouse (Texas), Giddings, Texas
See also
Lea County Courthouse
The AIR Awards of 2009 is the fourth annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards (generally known as the AIR Awards and Jagermeister AIR Awards) and was an award ceremony at The Forum Theatre, in Melbourne, Australia on 23 November 2009 to recognise outstanding achievements of local artists who release their work through an Australian-owned independent record label and distribute their work through a locally-owned distribution firm.
The event was again sponsored by German liquor brand, Jägermeister and was filmed for a one-hour special on Australian pay-TV music broadcaster Channel V. The event was hosted by The Chaser's Julian Morrow.
AIR GM Nick O'Byrne told Billboard the awards are slowly attracting more corporate sponsorship, saying "As far as the awards themselves go, we're developing a history of recognising artists that are yet to hit widespread mainstream success - like Gotye and Hilltop Hoods did in 2006 - or are just starting to blossom like Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu and British India last year and Blue King Brown the year before."
Performers
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically.
See also
Music of Australia
References
2009 in Australian music
2009 music awards
AIR Awards
Maurice P. Terry Jr. (June 29, 1946 – December 10, 2015) was an American journalist associated with researching theories of the Son of Sam killings.
Early career
A graduate at Iona College, they worked as an in-house editor at IBM after their reports on the MLK assassination.
The Ultimate Evil
 They are known for writing the 1987 book The Ultimate Evil, positing an alternative theory for the Son of Sam murders, that it was a satanic cult of serial killers rather than only David Berkowitz.
Legacy
He, their preserved archives, audio tapes, and their book were used as the basis for the Netflix documentary series The Sons of Sam: A Descent Into Darkness.
References
See also
Satanic panic
Charles Manson
Conspiracy theory
1946 births
2015 deaths
American journalists
American conspiracy theorists
Cultural depictions of David Berkowitz
Cebolada is a Portuguese onion stew, onion sauce or paste that is prepared with onion as a primary ingredient. Versions prepared as a paste may be slow-cooked.
Dishes with cebolada
It may accompany various dishes, such as seafood dishes prepared with swordfish steak. Atum de cebolada is a dish prepared with tuna steak and cebolada that is prepared with caramelized onions.
Cebolada is used on beef dishes such as bifes de cebolada (also referred to as bife de cebolada), which uses thinly-sliced steak and cebolada. Additional ingredients in the dish's preparation include white wine, vinegar and butter. Bifes de cebolada is a frequent menu item in Portuguese restaurants, and traditionally it is served with Portuguese fried potatoes.
See also
List of onion dishes
List of Portuguese dishes
List of vegetable dishes
References
Portuguese cuisine
Onion-based foods
Calavorno is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Coreglia Antelminelli, province of Lucca.
Calavorno is about 26 km from Lucca and 10 km from Coreglia Antelminelli.
References
Bibliography
External links
Frazioni of the Province of Lucca
Niyazlar is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Leif Nilsson (born 10 July 1963) is a former Swedish footballer and coach. They made 124 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF between 1986 and 1992. After their active career, they were in the Djurgårdens IF organisation as youth coach.
Career
Nilsson joined Djurgårdens IF from Hudiksvalls ABK for the 1984 season and played with them until 1992. During their time in Djurgårdens IF, they were part of the 1989–90 Svenska Cupen winning team. They also played for Vasalunds IF and Gustavsbergs IF.
Honours
Club
Djurgårdens IF
Division 2 Norra (1): 1985
Svenska Cupen (1): 1989–90
References
Swedish footballers
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Vasalunds IF players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll non-playing staff
1963 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Carroll County is a county located in the northwestern part of the State of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, its population was approximately 110,527. Its county seat is the city of Carrollton. Carroll County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area and is also adjacent to Alabama on its western border.
History
The lands of Lee, Muscogee, Troup, Coweta, and Carroll counties were ceded by the Creek people in the Treaty of Indian Springs (1825). This was a huge amount of land in Georgia and Alabama, the last remaining portion of the Creeks' territory, and it was ceded by William McIntosh, the chief of the Lower Creek and a member of the National Council. This cession violated the Law, the Code of 1818 that protected communal tribal land. The Creek National Council ordered the execution of McIntosh and other signatories to the treaty for what it considered treason.
McIntosh was killed at their plantation home, at what has been preserved as the McIntosh Reserve. Menawa and a force of 100-150 Law Defenders from Upper Town lands ceded in this treaty carried out the executions of two other men, including Samuel Hawkins, one of McIntosh's sons-in-law. Benjamin Hawkins Jr., another son-in-law, was also named for execution but they escaped, and soon moved to East Texas with their wife and family. Both of the Hawkins brothers were sons of Benjamin Hawkins, the longstanding US Indian Supervisor of the Creek.
The boundaries of Carroll County were created by the Georgia General Assembly on June 9, 1826, but the county was not named until December 14, 1826. It was named for Charles Carroll of Carrollton, at that time the last surviving signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence, as was Carrollton, the county seat.
When the county was first organized, the legislature designated the county seat as Old Carrollton, Georgia, but in 1830 it was moved to Carrollton.
This county originally extended from the Chattahoochee River to the Alabama state line on the east and on the west, with its northern boundary at the Cherokee Nation, just north of present-day Interstate 20. As population increased, this land was divided into Carroll, Douglas, and Heard counties, and parts of Haralson and Troup counties. The portion that became Douglas County was once Campbell County which no longer exists (it was divided between Douglas and Fulton counties).
Because the county had few slaves compared to counties developed for cotton plantations, it was called the Free State of Carroll during the 1850s. Even before the cession of territory by the Cherokee in the late 1830s, some white settlers lived in the northern part of the county in the area of Villa Rica.
Carroll County was the site of Georgia's first Gold Rush.
For a time Carroll County was the home of Horace King (architect). King helped build Moore's Bridge over the Chattahoochee River at Whitesburg. Moores Bridge was burned by Union soldiers during the Civil War. During the American Civil War, the county provided the Bowdon Volunteers and the Carroll Boys, which were a part of Cobb's Legion.
On Aug. 21 1995, Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 529 crashed in a field near Carrollton, Georgia. Nine of the 29 passengers and crew were killed in the crash.
In February 2008 several tornadoes hit Carroll County, destroying several homes and damaging many more. On May 11, 2008 (Mother's Day) some of the same areas were hit by more tornadoes. The Mother's Day tornadoes destroyed and damaged many homes and businesses.
On September 21, 2009, portions of Carroll County were flooded after eight days of heavy rainfall, resulting in multiple death. The flooding initially closed more than 60 highways and roads, and it destroyed a number of bridges. Early estimates of the damage totaled $22 million.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
The western two-thirds of Carroll County, in a line from Roopville northeast to Villa Rica, is located in the Upper Tallapoosa River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin (Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), while the eastern third, east of that same line, is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Lake Harding sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Adjacent counties
Paulding County – north
Douglas County – east
Fulton County – east
Coweta County – southeast
Heard County – south
Randolph County, Alabama – southwest (Central Time border)
Cleburne County, Alabama – west (Central Time border)
Haralson County – northwest
Transportation
Major roads
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Alternate
U.S. Route 27 Business
U.S. Route 78
State Route 1
State Route 1 Business
State Route 5
State Route 8
State Route 16
State Route 61
State Route 100
State Route 101
State Route 113
State Route 166
State Route 166 Connector
State Route 274
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
Pedestrians and cycling
Carrollton Greenbelt
UWG Nature Trails
Railroads
The Southern Railway ran several daily passenger trains, including the Kansas City-Florida Special, the Sunnyland and an Atlanta-Birmingham section of the Piedmont Limited, making full stops in Bremen. These trains made flag or signal stops in Villa Rica as well. The last trains made stops in 1967.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 87,268 people, 31,568 households, and 23,013 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 34,067 housing units at an average density of 68 per square mile (26/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 80.5% White, 16.3% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.6% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.1% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. 2.6% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 31,568 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 12.9% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,799, and the median income for a family was $44,642. Males had a median income of $33,102 versus $22,538 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,656. About 10.0% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 110,527 people, 39,187 households, and 27,923 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 44,607 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 75.6% white, 18.2% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 2.8% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.0% were American, 11.2% were Irish, 8.7% were English, and 7.0% were German.
Of the 39,187 households, 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.7% were non-families, and 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.16. The median age was 33.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,559 and the median income for a family was $53,703. Males had a median income of $42,188 versus $32,043 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,523. About 12.5% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.3% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 119,148 people, 42,798 households, and 30,346 families residing in the county.
Education
Sports
Georgia Storm FC - National Premier Soccer League - Carrollton - Formed in 2020 and competes in the Southeast Region of the NPSL. Home games are played at University of West Georgia soccer field.
Communities
Cities
Bowdon
Carrollton (county seat)
Mount Zion
Temple
Villa Rica
Towns
Roopville
Whitesburg
Unincorporated community
Bowdon Junction
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Georgia
1987 Carroll County Cryptosporidiosis outbreak
References
Further reading
1826 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1826
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Carroll
Counties of Appalachia
The 61st Naval Infantry Brigade (Military Unit Number 38643) is a formation of the Russian Naval Infantry. It is part of the Northern Fleet Naval Infantry and Coastal Defence Force. The brigade is based in the Sputnik military settlement, located in Murmansk Oblast. Some sources consider it one of the best trained and most combat experienced units of the Russian military.
History
The brigade was established on 20 November 1979 from the 61st Separate Naval Infantry Regiment. The regiment was activated at Sputnik on 14May 1966 from the 61st Motor Rifle Regiment of the 131st Motor Rifle Division.
Soldiers of the 61st Naval Infantry Brigade fought in 1995 in First and in 1999–2000 in the Second Chechen War. On 1December 2009, the brigade was downsized to a regiment with the same designation. It became a brigade again on 15December 2014.
In 2014, according to an investigation published by Bellingcat, marines of the 61st Naval Infantry Brigade participated in the War in Donbass in the Luhansk region of Ukraine. Brigade personnel and vehicles, including the brigade's exotic 2S23 Nona-SVK, were spotted on the territory of the Ukrainian National Guard's military base (3035) in Luhansk. Evidences show the brigade's direct participation in combat near Vishnevy Dol village in the Luhansk region.
Upon returning home, the marines took a trophy BRDM armored vehicle back to Murmansk. At least 5 soldiers received decorations, which included the Zhukov Medal, the Order of Suvorov and the Order of Courage. Brigade Lieutenant Colonel Vitaly Trofimov was reportedly killed in Ukraine.
In March 2016, the 61st Marine Brigade conducted operations in which it aided the Syrian Army's liberation of the Syrian city of Palmyra. The 61st also participated in the storming of the city. Despite other Russian forces being more available for the operation the 61st was chosen for the operation because it was considered one of the best trained and most combat experienced units of the Russian military.
As of February 2022, elements of the Brigade were reported to have deployed to the Black Sea as part of an amphibious task force participating in the invasion of Ukraine. On 7 March the Ukrainian military claimed to have killed Lieutenant Colonel Dmitry Safronov, commander of the brigade's Marine Battalion, in action near Kharkiv.
Organisation and order of battle
Brigade Headquarters
874th Marine Battalion
876th Air-Assault (Desant) Battalion
886th Reconnaissance Battalion
125th Armored Battalion
1611th Self-propelled Artillery Battalion
1591st Self-propelled Artillery Battalion
1617th Anti-aircraft Missile and Artillery Battalion
Commanders
The following officers commanded this unit:
Commanders of the 61st Infantry Regiment:
Y. P. Pidust: 1944–1948;
I. S. Matveev : 1948–1950;
A. P. Vorobyov : 1950–1952;
M. P. Davydov : 1952–1954;
P. S. Lopatkin : 1954–1955;
V. G. Solovyov : 1955–1956;
B.C. Zatoka : 1956–1957.
Commanders of the 61st Motor Rifle Regiment:
M. I. Belov : 1957–1959;
V. I. Varennikov : 1959–1960;
A. A. Fomichev : 1960–1965.
Commanders of the 61st Marine Regiment:
V. A. Krukovsky : 1965–1967;
A. F. Pakhomov : 1967–1974;
N. B. Polyakov : 1974–1979;
Commanders of the 61st Marine Brigade:
A. E. Ermakov : 1979–1984;
A. S. Pustoutov : 1984–1988;
A. N. Borzenko : 1988–1990;
Y. M. Shakalov : 1990–1993;
B. F. Sokushev : 1993–1995;
G. S. Semyonov : 1995–1999;
A. V. Chernov : 1999–2002;
N. I. Klimov : 2002–2005;
A. V. Sorogin : 2005–2008;
M. K. Magomedzhanov : 2008–2010.
Commander of the 61st Marine Regiment:
A. V. Maslov : 2010-2014
Commanders of the 61st Marine Brigade:
A. V. Maslov : 2014-2016
V. V. Fedyanin† : 2016–30.09.2017 (died of wound in Syria)
K. N. Nikulin : 2018–present
Notes
Naval infantry brigades of Russia
Military units and formations of Russia in the war in Donbas
Military units and formations of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Mike Jetten (born 1962) is a Dutch professor of Microbiology at the Radboud University Nijmegen. They were a winner of the 2012 Spinoza Prize.
Jetten received two European Research Council Advanced grants. The first grant was awarded to them in 2008 for their research on Anammox bacteria. They received their second grant in 2013.
Since 2010 Jetten has been a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 2012 they were one of four winners of the Dutch Spinoza Prize and received a 2.5 million euro grant. The awarding organisation, the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research praised Jetten for providing new insights. Jetten has proven that several reactions that were considered impossible are used by bacteria to obtain energy, which plays an important role in the global cycles of nitrogen, methane and sulphur.
References
External links
Profile at Radboud University Nijmegen
1962 births
Living people
Dutch microbiologists
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
Radboud University Nijmegen faculty
Spinoza Prize winners
Chaudhary Tayyab Husain (September 7, 1936 – October 7, 2008) was an Indian politician from Mewat, Gurgaon.
Political career
Chaudhary Tayyab Husain was a career politician with deep ties to the Indian National Congress. They were a prominent political figure in Indian politics, even in the early years of their career. In 1962, they were elected to the Punjab Legislative Assembly, and became the youngest minister in Sardar Partap Singh Kairon's government at age 26. They remained a member of the Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan legislative assemblies for some time, and became Minister in the three states. They were a Member of Parliament, Lok Sabha for two terms, as well as the Gurgaon (Lok Sabha constituency) in 1971, and the Faridabad (Lok Sabha constituency) in 1980.
Education
After graduating in law from Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh, Husain served twice as the General Secretary of Aligarh Muslim University Old Boys Association, and was a founding member of the India Islamic Cultural Center at New Delhi.
Family-related achievements
Husain's father, Yasin Khan, died in 1970. Approximately one hundred thousand people assembled at Nuh to pay homage. There, they bestowed the "Pagri of Chaudhar" on Husain, who then became the Chaudhary (Social Head) of Mewat region, and representative of the Meo community worldwide. They have two sons, Ch. Zakir Hussain (MLA Nuh) and Ch. Fazal Hussain who contest from Tijara (Rajasthan) seat. They also have a daughter Zayda Khan (MLA Kaman).
Later life and death
Husain remained president of All India Mewati Panchayat, the Mewat Education Board and Governing Body, and the Yasin Meo Degree College until their death.
Husain died in Gurgaon, Haryana on 7 October 2008.
References
Indian National Congress politicians from Haryana
2008 deaths
1936 births
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
People from Mewat
Gerald Messlender (October 1, 1961 – June 20, 2019) was an Austrian football defender. During their club career, Messlender played for Admira Wacker Vienna, Tirol Innsbruck and SC Austria Lustenau. They also featured in the Austria squad for the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain.
References
External links
1961 births
2019 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association football defenders
1982 FIFA World Cup players
The Midwest Oil Company Hotel, at 136 East 6th Street in Casper, Wyoming, is an historic hotel building which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It has also served as the Casper Women's Club House. Originally built by the Midwest Oil Company to accommodate workers during the Casper oil boom, it was taken over by Standard Oil Company of Indiana when that company bought Midwest Oil. In the 1930s, in the waning days of oil production in Natrona County, a local women's organization bought the hotel for $8,000 and was renamed the Casper Women's Club House.
The Casper Women's Club House has been the home of several women's organizations during the 20th century. Notable clubs include the American Association of University Women, the Beta Sigma Phi Club, the Casper Fine Arts Club, the Casper Women's Club, and the Daughters of the American Revolution.
It was sold to a private individual in the 2000s.
Building
The Midwest Oil Company Hotel was designed by Garbutt, Weidner and Sweeney. It was built in 1924 in the Renaissance Revival-style.
It is a two-story red brick building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Hotels in Wyoming
Women's club buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Natrona County, Wyoming
Hotel buildings completed in 1924
Company housing
History of women in Wyoming
1924 establishments in Wyoming
The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival is presented by the Drama Desk, a committee of New York City theatre critics, writers, and editors. It honors the Broadway, off-Broadway, off-off-Broadway, or legitimate not-for-profit theater revival of a production previously staged in New York City.
It was not until the 22nd Annual Drama Desk Awards in 1988 that a specific category for Outstanding Revival was created. The first recipient was The Royal Family, a play by George S. Kaufman and Edna Ferber that originally was staged in 1937. The award was not presented again until 1982. In 1993, the category was divided to give separate awards for plays and musicals.
Additional winners
1970s
1976: The Royal Family
What Every Woman Knows
A Memory of Two Mondays / 27 Wagons Full of Cotton
They Knew What They Wanted
Trelawny of the 'Wells'
Very Good Eddie
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
1980s
1982: Entertaining Mr. Sloane
The Chalk Garden
Misalliance
1983: On Your Toes
Vieux Carré
The Cradle Will Rock
All's Well That Ends Well
Present Laughter
The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial
1984: Death of a Salesman
The Philanthropist
Serenading Louie
Heartbreak House
1985: A Day in the Death of Joe Egg
On Approval
Balm in Gilead
Pacific Overtures
Aren't We All?
1986: The House of Blue Leaves
Lemon Sky
Long Day's Journey Into Night
Loot
The Iceman Cometh
1988: Anything Goes
Flora the Red Menace
Lost in the Stars
Dreamgirls
Cabaret
1989: Our Town
Juno and the Paycock
Long Day's Journey Into Night
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street
1990s
1990: Gypsy
The Sound of Music
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
The Merchant of Venice
1991: A Little Night Music
Camille
Hamlet
Machinal
1992: Guys and Dolls
The Most Happy Fella
'Tis Pity She's a Whore
Falsettos
Revival
was a writer and Confucian scholar of early Edo period Japan popularly known as "the Sage of Ōmi".
Biography
Nakae was the eldest son of a farmer in Ōmi Province. When they were nine years old, they were adopted by their grandfather, Yoshinaga Tokuzaemon, who was a samurai with a stipend of 150 koku serving Yonago Domain in Hoki Province. In 1617, the daimyō of Yonago, Kato Sadayasu was transferred to Ōzu Domain in Iyo Province and Nakae relocated to Shikoku with their grandparents. In 1622, their grandfather died and Nakae inherited a position with a stipend of 100 koku. However, in 1634, at the age of 27, they left their position without officially resigning due to filial piety for their mother and health reasons. After hiding for a time in Kyoto, they returned to their home village of Ogawa in Ōmi (currently part of Takashima, Shiga, where they opened a private academy for Confucian studies. This was the . The Tōju Shoin takes its name from a giant wisteria which grew behind Nakae's house. Their students nicknamed them Mr Wisteria Tree, or "Tōju" in the kanbun pronunciation of its kanji.
In 1637, Nakae married Hisashi, the daughter of a retainer of Ise-Kameyama Domain. Nakae gradually became obsessed with the Cheng–Zhu school, but was also highly influenced by Yangmingism, which argued for the primacy of human intuition or conscience over intellect: moral improvement arises out of conscience-based action (similar to Aristotle's ethics). Nakae added a more religious aspect to Wang's "School of Intuition of Mind", calling the human conscience the "divine light of heaven". Nakae's works also supplied their followers (such as Kumazawa Banzan [1619–1691]) with "the moral foundation for political action". Their wife died in 1846 and the following year they remarried to Kuri, the daughter of a retainer of Ōmizo Domain. In early 1848, they rebuilt the Tōju Shoin on a larger scale; however, they died less than half a year later at the age of 41. Their grave is at the temple of Tamarin-ji in Takashima.
The Tōju Shoin building was destroyed by a large fire in 1880 along with 34 nearby farmhouses. The current structure is a reconstruction built in 1882, but on a smaller scale than the original. It was designated a National Historic Site in 1922, with the area under protection expanded in 2007. It is about a 15-minute walk from Adogawa Station on the JR Kosei Line.
Nakae was unusual in teaching that humanism transcended social status or gender, and that their teachings would be useful to women as well as men. While accepting the then standard view of women as usually lacking such virtues as compassion and honesty, they argued: "if a wife's disposition is healthy and pious, obedient, sympathetic and honest, then ... every member of their family will be at peace and the entire household in perfect order." Their teachings spread widely not only to samurai but also to farmers, merchants, and craftsmen, and has been spontaneously called "Ōmi saint" since the middle of the Edo period. Their later disciples included Yoshida Shoin.
Gallery
Selected works
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Nakae Tōju, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 130+ works in 200 publications in 5 languages and 740+ library holdings.
1650 -- Dialogue with the elder (Okina mondō).
藤樹遺稿 (1795)
翁問答 (1831)
藤樹全書: 中江藤樹先生遺稿 (1893)
中江藤樹文集 (1914)
孝經五種 (1925)
Nakae Tōju sensei zenshu (1928)
鑑草; 附・春風; 陰騭 (1939)
藤樹先生全集 (1940)
中江藤樹・熊沢蕃山集 (1966)
中江藤樹 (1974)
中江藤樹・熊沢蕃山 (1976)
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Shiga)
Notes
References
Bodart-Bailey, Beatrice. (1997). "Confucianism in Japan" in Companion Encyclopedia of Asian Philosophy (Brian Carr and Indira Mahalingam, eds). London: Routledge. ; OCLC 35049601
de Bary, William Theodore. (1981). Neo-Confucian Orthodoxy and the Learning of the Mind-and-Heart. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 7461831
Nauman, St. Elmo. (1979). Dictionary of Asian Philosophies. London: Routledge. ; OCLC 470939937
Shirane, Haruo. (2002). Early Modern Japanese Literature. New York: Columbia University Press. ; ; OCLC 48084101
Nakae Tōju Britannica Concise Encyclopedia 2006. Retrieved: March 26, 2006.
External links
Intellectual Currents in Tokugawa Japan — by Jason Chan; includes extracts from Toju's writings
Takashima City web site: Toju Nakae and Toju shoin national historical site
Toju's hometown in Japan — set of (stereo) photographs
East Asia Institute, University of Cambridge: Further reading/bibliography
1608 births
1648 deaths
17th-century Japanese philosophers
Confucianism in Japan
Japanese Confucianists
Japanese writers of the Edo period
People from Shiga Prefecture
Historic Sites of Japan
Miss Earth 2008, the 8th edition of the Miss Earth pageant, was held on November 9, 2008, at the Clark Expo Amphitheater in Angeles City, Philippines. Eighty-five delegates arrived from 19 October 2008 in the Philippines. The pageant was broadcast live via ABS-CBN and coverage since on Studio 23 in the Philippines and other stations throughout the world.
Jessica Trisko of Canada crowned their successor Karla Henry of the Philippines the end of the event. The pageant was hosted by Billy Crawford, international singer and actor from the film Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist, Miss Earth 2004 winner Priscilla Meirelles, and Miss Earth Canada 2006 Riza Santos.
Results
Placements
Special awards
Major awards
The following special awards were officially awarded during the grand coronation night:
Minor/Sponsor awards
Order of Announcements
Top 16
Top 8
Top 4
Winning answer
Final Question in Miss Earth 2008: "If you have the chance to speak to the newly-elected US President Barack Obama about the state of the global environment, what would you tell him?"
Answer of Miss Earth 2008: "What I would tell to the newly elected president of the USA, being one of the most powerful countries in the world, I would encourage them to implement environmental knowledge in the curriculum of all schools whether in the United States or in the Philippines. Environmental knowledge is something that all of us must share, but most importantly we must teach the youth that this is something that we should instill in them so that in the near future they will be the ones to take care of our mother Earth." – Karla Henry, represented Philippines.
Pageant
Format
Starting this year, the format of the finale has changed. In previous years, after the swimsuit competition, there will have only eight delegates. They will compete in the first question and answer section with different questions, then participate in the evening gown competition. After that, the top four was announced and participated in the final question. But from this year, the top eights will only participate in the evening gown competition. After that, the judges will select the final four. They only participated in one part of the only question and answer session before announcing three runners-up and Miss Earth.
Judges
Background music
Opening: Yves Larock – Rise Up, Pussycat Dolls – When I Grow Up
Swimsuit Competition: Enur feat. Natasha – Calabria
Evening Gown Competition: Coldplay – Viva la Vida
Preliminary events
Beauties for a Cause
The delegates of Miss Earth 2008 explored the different islands of the Philippines with the theme "Green Lifestyle" and promoted the use of recyclable materials as part of our collective lifestyle. In addition, they engaged on different environmental activities including the planting of trees in the provinces of Albay, Batangas, Pampanga, Pangasinan, Palawan, and Rizal. They also had school tours in Taytay, Rizal, and Metro Manila and taught the children the importance of protecting the environment.
Long gown
Miss Venezuela, Daniela Torrealba was named Best in Long Gown at the competition held at the PAGCOR, Grand Theatre in the city of Parañaque on 3 November 2008.
Swimsuit
On 25 October 2008, the delegates were divided into three groups which simultaneously competed in the swimsuit preliminary competition in three different locations:
Sabang Beach Resort in Puerto Princesa, Palawan
Golden Sunset Resort in Calatagan, Batangas
Manila
The 15 finalists in each group then competed in the Final Swimsuit Competition held on 2 November at the Fontana Leisure Park in the Clark Freeport Zone, Angeles, Pampanga. Abigail Elizalde of Mexico emerged as the winner of the Best in Swimsuit.
National costume
The National Costume competition of Miss Earth 2008 was held on 28 October 2008 at the PAGCOR Grand Theatre in the city of Parañaque. And again minor/sponsor awards were also given at that night.
All of 85 candidates participated in the competition, with Miss Panama winning the coveted Best in National Costume award. Miss Philippines, Karla Henry was unanimously chosen by the members of the press as Miss Photogenic. Minor/sponsor awards were also given at that night.
TV shows
The girls had their TV guesting on the different shows of ABS-CBN and Studio 23, the official media partner of Carousel Production for Miss Earth 2008. They had gone to Wowowee, ASAP, Kapamilya, Deal or No Deal, and The Singing Bee.
Mall tours
The delegates also had their mall tours and fashion shows in all Robinsons Malls nationwide in order to promote its cause which is to promote the protection of our environment.
Contestants
Notes
Debuts
Returns
Last competed in 2001:
Last competed in 2003:
Last competed in 2005:
Last competed in 2006:
Withdrawals
Did not compete
– Olha Bilousova
– Miss Tourism Vietnam 2008 Phan Thị Ngọc Diễm was invited by the Elite to participate in the contest and on the official fanpage also posted pictures with their personal information. However, they later said they did not officially participate in the competition. Explaining this, Ms. Nguyễn Thị Thúy Nga - CEO of Elite Company said their profile could not be completed in time to submit to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism has not found a truly suitable representative. Later, Carousel Productions removed their image and Vietnam officially withdrew from the competition this year.
Other notes
Harshita Saxena surrendered their Miss India Earth title, paving way for Tanvi Vyas, who became Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2008.
Debby Gommeren was a replacement of Barbara van den Bussche, the original winner for an unknown reason.
Akemi Fukumura (Japan) replaced Mayu Kato, the original contestant for unknown reason.
Karla Paula Henry (Philippines) gained too much weight during their reign, which concerned a lot of pageant fans.
Images
References
External links
Miss Earth official website
Miss Earth Foundation
Miss Earth Foundation Kids' I Love My Planet
2008
2008 in the Philippines
2008 beauty pageants
Beauty pageants in the Philippines
August Homburger (1873–1930) was a prominent German child psychiatrist, hailed as a "pioneer" in the field.
They taught as a professor at Heidelberg University, where they were the founder alongside Ernst Moro of the Children's Counselling Centre. They wrote extensively about Haltlose personality disorder in children.
Leon Eisenburg credited Homburger's 1926 magnum opus "Lectures on the Psychopathology of Childhood" as the first
comprehensive source on childhood psychiatry.
References
German psychiatrists
Child psychiatrists
1873 births
1930 deaths
The 1921–22 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 14th since its establishment.
Overview
HMS Curlew and HKFC both finished level atop the table on 29 points resulting in a play-off to determine the league champions on 22 April 1922. HMS Curiew won the match 1–0.
References
Hong Kong First Division League
1922 in Hong Kong
1921 in Hong Kong
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
The former colonial power, the Netherlands, left an extensive vocabulary. These Dutch loanwords, and also from other non Italo-Iberian, European languages loanwords which came via Dutch, cover all aspects of life. Some Dutch loanwords, having clusters of several consonants, pose difficulties to speakers of Indonesian. This problem is usually solved by insertion of the schwa. For example, Dutch schroef → sekrup . Many Indonesian vocabulary ending "-i" (e.g.:administras-i) also are known from the Dutch vocabulary influence "-ie" (e.g.:administrat-ie). All the months from January (Januari) to December (Desember) used in Indonesian are also derived from Dutch. It is estimated that 10,000 words in the Indonesian language can be traced to the Dutch language.
Rule
Examples
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
R
S
T
V
W
Y
References
External links
Indonesian Etymology Database
SEAlang Library Orthography search engine on Loan-Words in Indonesian and Malay
Indonesian words and phrases
Dutch loanwords in Indonesian
Dutch
Indonesian
The Corban C. Farwell Homestead is a historic house at the junction of Breed and Cricket Hill roads in Harrisville, New Hampshire, United States. Built in 1901 by a local farmer, it is an architecturally eclectic mix of Greek Revival, Colonial Revival and Queen Anne styling. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Description and history
The Corban Farwell Homestead is located in a rural setting west of the village center of Harrisville, at the junction of Breed and Cricket Hill roads in the town's Silver Lake area. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a gabled roof and clapboarded exterior. The house is distinctive as a late example of Greek Revival architecture, albeit with a number of Colonial Revival features added, as well as bands of scalloped wood shingles typical of the Queen Anne style. An enclosed porch runs across one facade and along part of another, and the main block is joined to a large carriage house.
Corban Farwell built this house in 1901 on land that had been held among interrelated families since the 18th century. They were a purveyor of farm supplies, selling fresh milk and eggs to the summer residents of the resort community that sprang up around nearby Silver Lake. They also sold land along the lakeshore for expanding that development.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1901
Houses in Harrisville, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Established as early as 1826, the Ministry of Human Rights, Justice, Governance and Decentralization of Honduras was created from the territorial division of Honduras and was initially composed of seven departments. The ministry is responsible for matters pertaining to the internal government, which include the following:
The coordination, liaison, supervision and evaluation of the departmental and municipal regimes
Monitoring political parties with regard to their relationship with the government
Publishing laws, regulations and general provisions
The extrajudicial solution of conflicts and the coordination and liaison with the organs of the Judicial Power, Public Ministry, Attorney General of the Republic, National Electoral Court and the State Controlling Institutions
The ministry has been called by different names over the course of its history. For instance, in 2014, President Juan Orlando Hernández announced plans to eliminate the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights and merge it with the Ministry of Interior. Certain sources refer to the Minister of Human Rights, Justice, Governance and Decentralization as the Secretariat.
List of ministers (1990–present)
Minister of Governance & Justice
Enrique Ortez Colindres (1989–1990)
Jose Francisco Cardona Arguelles (1991–1993)
Celin Discua (1993–1994)
Efrain Moncada Silva (1994–1998)
Delmer Urbizo Panting (1998–1999)
Enrique Flore Valeriano (2000–2001)
Minister of Interior & Justice
Vera Sofia Rubi (2001–2002)
Jorge Ramon Hernandez Alcerro (2002–2005)
Minister of Governance & Justice
Jose Roberto Pacheco Reyes (2005–2006)
Jorge Arturo Reina (2006–2008)
Victor Orlando Meza Lopez (2008–2010)
Africo Madrid (2010–2012)
Minister of Justice and Human Rights
Ana Pineda (2012–2014)
Minister of Human Rights, Justice, & Decentralization
Rigoberto Chang Castillo (2014–2016)
Minister of Human Rights, Justice, Governance and Decentralization
Héctor Leonel Ayala Alvarenga (2016–2018)
Karla Cuevas (2018–present)
See also
Justice ministry
Secretaría de Gobernación (Honduras) [Ministry of the Interior (Honduras)]
Politics of Honduras
References
Justice ministries
Government of Honduras
At the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, four events in rowing were contested, marking the introduction of the sport to the Olympic program. At the inaugural 1896 Games, the rowing competition was cancelled due to strong winds. The 1900 regatta was held on the Seine between the Courbevoie Bridge and the Asnières Bridge on 25 and 26 August. The length of the regatta course was . Two finals were held in the coxed four competition, with both finals being considered Olympic championships. Thus, there were a total of five rowing championships awarded.
Medal summary
Participating nations
A total of 108 rowers from 8 nations competed at the Paris Games:
Medal table
Coxswain mystery
In the coxed pair event, the names of the coxswains for six of the seven crews entered are not known. Most of these were young French boys weighing about 25 kg, which the French crews employed to their advantage. The winning Dutch crew decided, after losing their heat, that their own coxswain was too heavy, and they recruited a French boy to steer the boat for the finals. The lad, name unknown, is believed likely to be the youngest Olympic gold medalist ever (previously estimated as between 7 and 10 years of age). Some estimate the boy was likely 12 to 14 years old. One researcher has made a case that this unknown cox could have been Giorgi Nikoladze (1888-1931) of Georgia, a future scientist and promulgator of Georgian sport.
References
Further reading
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Rowing 1900". Accessed 26 February 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
1900 in rowing
Urban Bushmen is a live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Munich in 1980 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
In their review for AllMusic, Stephen Cook stated Urban Bushmen not only provides an excellent summation of the Art Ensemble of Chicago's work since 1966, but also substantiates the group's reputation for putting on intense and inspired shows".
Track listing
"Promenade: Cote Bamako I" (Don Moye) - 4:11
"Bush Magic" (Malachi Favors, Moye) - 5:05
"Urban Magic" (Art Ensemble of Chicago) - 15:45
"Sun Precondition Two/Theme for Sco" (Moye/Joseph Jarman) - 21:53
"New York Is Full of Lonely People" (Lester Bowie) - 7:37
"Ancestral Meditation" (Art Ensemble of Chicago) - 6:56
"Uncle" (Roscoe Mitchell) - 17:29
"Peter and Judith" (Mitchell) - 2:39
"Promenade: Cote Bamako II" (Moye) - 5:57
"Odwalla/Theme" (Mitchell) - 5:14
Personnel
Lester Bowie: trumpet, bass drum, long horn, vocals
Malachi Favors Maghostut: bass, percussion, melodica, vocals
Joseph Jarman: saxophones, vocals, clarinets, bassoon, flutes, percussion
Roscoe Mitchell: saxophones, flute, percussion, clarinet, vocals
Don Moye: sun percussion, vocals
References
Art Ensemble of Chicago live albums
1980 live albums
ECM Records live albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Galkynysh from Tukmen translated as Renaissance. May also refer to:
Galkynysh gas field, a gas field in Turkmenistan
Galkynyş yacht, a yacht of Turkmenistan Government
Galkynyş, a town in Turkmenistan
Galkynyş District, a district of Lebap Province in Turkmenistan.
Making News is a television drama set in the world of journalism produced by Thames Television for the ITV network.
A pilot episode, entitled 'Making News', was screened on 9 May 1989 as part of the Thames' anthology series Storyboard. The pilot was developed into a series of six episodes transmitted the following year.
Cast
Clive Arrindell – Alex Hendry
Tom Cotcher – Eddie Fraser
Bill Nighy – Sam Courtney
Gawn Grainger – Pelham Beecher
Paul Darrow – George Parnell
Nichola McAuliffe – Carrie Vernon
Annie Lambert – Jill Wycombe
Alphonsia Emmanuel – Anita Markham
Tony Osoba – Freddie
Ian Bleasdale – Ron
Charlotte Attenborough – Lucy Trent
Episode list
External links
ITV television dramas
1989 British television series debuts
1990 British television series endings
1990s British drama television series
Television series about journalism
Television shows produced by Thames Television
English-language television shows
Gubden (; Dargwa: Губдани) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Gubdensky Selsoviet, Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,798 as of 2010. There are 37 streets.
Demography
Dargins form the majority of the population of Gubden.
History
In the past Gubden was one of the most important settlements of Dagestan.
Geography
Gubden is located 18 km south of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gurbuki and Kadirkent are the nearest rural localities.
Famous residents
Yusuf Khadzhi al-Gubdani (scholar and physician)
Magomed Abdullayev (professor, orientalist, doctor of philosophy)
Abdulmalik Magomedov (Hero of Russia)
Nurmagomed Shanavazov (former boxer)
Abdulnasyr Medzhikov (world champion in muay thai)
Salimgerey Rasulov (mixed martial arts fighter)
Darsam Dzhaparov (International Master of Sports of Russia)
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Detective Chinatown () is a 2015 Chinese comedy-mystery buddy film directed by Chen Sicheng and starring Wang Baoqiang and Liu Haoran. It was released in China on 31 December 2015. A sequel, was released in February 2018, and a third film was released in February 2021.
Plot
After being rejected from a police college, Qin Feng (Liu Haoran) goes to Bangkok for a vacation. They plan to spend time with their "uncle" Tang Ren (Wang Baoqiang), who is reputed to be the number one detective of Chinatown in Bangkok. Tang Ren turns out to be a sleazy petty swindler who is an underling of incompetent police sergeant Kon Tai (Xiao Yang). Meanwhile, the main suspect in a gold robbery case, Sompat, is murdered and the gold goes missing. The gold belongs to prominent local gangster Mr. Yan (Chin Shih-chieh). Kon Tai and their ambitious rival Huang Landeng (Chen He), are put into competition by the police chief to solve the case and retrieve the gold in order to be appointed the next deputy chief.
After a series of mischievous adventures with Qin in Bangkok, Tang is pursued by police as they are the main suspect in Sompat's murder, being the last person to enter and leave Sompat's workshop where they were murdered. Tang seeks the help of Qin, who turns out to be a prodigy in solving crimes. During their exodus from the pursuit, Qin and Tang are captured by Sompat's cohorts who wish to locate the lost gold. Qin and Tang, now wanted criminals, are able to escape and hide in the home of Xiang (Tong Liya), Tang's beautiful landlady. However, they are followed by the gold robbers, who arrive just before Kon and then Huang, leading to an awkward confrontation between all parties.
Qin later finds out why Tang is implicated: on the day of the murder, Tang received a call asking them to deliver a boxed Buddha statue from Sompat's workshop at midnight. The pair, deciding to stay in Thailand rather than flee, goes to the parking lot where Tang delivered the box. Qin finds a trace of fish in the area, after which they go to a nearby seafood market and a junkyard. That night, Qin and Tang searches the workshop, narrowly avoiding an encounter with the robbers. Qin deduces that Huang Landeng's assistant, Tony, is part of the scheme.
To solve the murder, Qin and Tang must watch the surveillance footage of the workshop. As it is kept in Huang's computer, Tang lures the police force away while Qin and Kon retrieve the footage and other documents about Sompat. After translating the documents, Qin finds that Sompat's son went missing a year prior and that Sompat frequented a café. Following the trail, Qin and Tang are led to Snow (Zhang Zifeng), who was a school classmate of Sompat's son.
Qin and Tang are soon captured and led to Mr. Yan, who gives them 3 days to find the stolen gold. Qin and Tang split up, with Qin meeting Snow for a second time and Tang being pursued again by Huang. Qin discovers that Snow's stepfather works at the junkyard near the parking lot, making them a suspect.
Qin and Tang rejoin at the workshop, where they hypothesize that the murderer hid in the workshop for one week (As the surveillance footage overrides itself after a week), killed Sompat before Tang's delivery, and escaped the workshop by hiding in the box Tang delivered. They are suddenly ambushed by the masked murderer, who sets the workshop on fire. Qin and Tang narrowly escape.
After learning that Xiang is kidnapped by Tony, Qin and Tang confront and defeat him. The pair delivers Xiang to the hospital, where they witness a shootout between the police and the other three robbers. Qin and Tang return to Snow's home yet again, but find that they have overdosed and is on the verge of death. After delivering Snow to the hospital, Qin finds the story behind the murder in Snow's journal. Snow was raped by Sompat, which their stepfather found out, leading them to kill Sompat. The gold robbery and the murder are unrelated.
After a car chase around Bangkok, Qin and Tang finally reveal to the police that the lost gold was hidden in a statue at the workshop. At the hospital where Snow resides, Qin and Tang convey their findings to the police in the presence of Snow and their stepfather. After being exposed, the stepfather is killed by Kon's car when they jump out of the hospital window. Kon is subsequently promoted to deputy chief due to their prevention of the murderer's escape, to the annoyance of a severely injured Huang.
However, Qin soon realizes that Sompat was homosexual, meaning they did not rape Snow. They realize that Snow was stalked by Sompat because they suspected them of killing their missing son. Thus, Snow planned Sompat's murder, framed them for rape in their journal, and fabricated the evidence to get rid of both Sompat and their pervert stepfather, whom they loathed. Qin confronts Snow, but decides to leave them
In the credits, Qin and Tang are invited to an Intel centre where they are called to solve a new case in New York.
Cast
Wang Baoqiang as Tang Ren ()
Qin's Uncle, a swindler who lives in Bangkok and claims to be the best detective of Chinatown. Tang accepted an anonymous delivery job before Qin arrived and became the last person entered Sompat's murder scene. Therefore, both the police and the robbers consider them as the one who murdered Sompat and left with the gold.
Liu Haoran as Qin Feng ()
Tang's nephew, a talented teenager who has astonishing perception and memory yet was rejected from the police college for an presumably because they said they wanted to "commit the perfect crime" during the entry test. They went to Bangkok for a vacation, then gets involved in Sompat's case by accident.
Tong Liya as Xiang ()
Tang's love interest and landlady.
Chen They as Huang Landeng ()
Kon Tai's rival in the police department.  They are ambitious and eager to solve Sompat's murder case.
Xiao Yang as Kon Tai ()
A police sergeant of Chinatown police department.  They are Tang's close friend and rival to sergeant Huang.
Xiaoshenyang as Bei Ge ()
Pan Yueming as Lee ()
Marc Ma as Tony ()
Huang's deputy.
Zhang Zifeng as Snow ()
Zhao Yingjun as Vietnamese ()
One of the gold robbers.
Irfani Zhang as Ren Hui
Reception
The film grossed in previews at the Chinese box office.
It was the ninth highest grossing film in China in 2015, grossing $126 million.
Sequels
A sequel, Detective Chinatown 2, also written and directed by Chen Sicheng and set in New York City's Chinatown, was released on 16 February 2018 during the Chinese New Year holiday season. In addition of the two leads of Wang Baoqiang and Liu Haoran reprising their roles, new supporting cast members in Detective Chinatown 2 include Xiao Yang, Michael Pitt, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Yuen Wah, and Satoshi Tsumabuki. Another sequel, Detective Chinatown 3, was released on 12 February 2021.
Nomination
References
External links
2015 films
2010s Mandarin-language films
2010s buddy comedy films
2010s comedy mystery films
Chinese comedy mystery films
Chinese detective films
Films directed by Chen Sicheng
Films scored by Nathan Wang
Films set in Thailand
Wuzhou Film Distribution films
Wanda Pictures films
2015 comedy films
Andy Roddick was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Sam Querrey.
Sam Querrey won in the final 6–7(3–7), 7–6(7–5), 6–3, against John Isner.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
External links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
2010 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships - Singles
2010 in sports in Tennessee
Callisto elegantella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the Russian Far East.
References
Gracillariinae
Moths described in 1979
Sarah McInerney (born 2 April 1981) is an Irish radio and TV presenter and reporter, notable for their work with RTÉ, TV3 / Virgin Media One and Newstalk, and a print journalist, notably having worked with the Sunday Tribune and the Sunday Times. From County Galway and with a degree in journalism from Dublin City University, as of April 2021 they present RTÉ's main commute-time radio programme, Drivetime, and is a co-presenter of RTÉ's flagship current affairs TV programme, Prime Time.
Early life and education
Born to two school teachers, and growing up in Barna, County Galway, McInerney attended Salerno Girls Secondary School in Salthill, Galway. They then pursued a place at Dublin City University (DCU) for a four-year B.A. in Journalism - they have since said that this was by mistake, as they really wanted to learn how to write fiction. Them course did include a term at Boston University studying fiction writing but their lecturer did not recommend a career as a general creative writer but as a playwright or actor. They finished their course in summer 2003, graduating later that year.
Career
McInerney completed a DCU work placement at the Sunday Tribune in 2003, in the second week of which they co-wrote a front-page piece, appearing with their name in the by-line. They have since said that they found that they were both well-prepared for the work, and after a few weeks, loved it. They secured employment at the Tribune after graduation, initially on a temporary basis, then being made permanent, initially to produce a social diary, Sarah in the City, and then also as a news reporter. In August 2008 they took up a post as a political reporter with the Sunday Times,ø working there for 7 years.
After 15 years in print journalism, McInerney began to be invited to broadcast panel discussions, notably at TV3, and they were headhunted to join Newstalk as co-host of their main weekday "drive time" programme, going freelance. Despite a lack of resources, they won the News Broadcaster of the Year national award but after about a year the programme was abruptly moved to a one-hour weekend slot, and they and their co-host left the station within a few months. This episode was discussed by Fintan O'Toole in an Irish Times piece, which accused Newstalk of sexism.
McInerney joined the current affairs unit at TV3, a part of Virgin Media Ireland, sometimes substituting for leading presenters such as Vincent Browne, a mentor of hers, on television, and taking on their own current affairs programme on Sundays. They also wrote a book on the disappearances of women in the Wicklow Mountains, and worked on a documentary for the BBC.
McInerney moved to RTÉ Radio One, presenting a major daily current affairs show, Today with Sarah McInerney, from May to August 2020, and then moving to co-present the primary evening commute programme Drivetime from September 2020. In March 2021 it was announced that McInerney would additionally become co-presenter of RTÉ's flagship current affairs programme, Prime Time, along with Fran McNulty, joining veteran Miriam O'Callaghan, and they debuted in this role on 6 April 2021 with a well-rated performance.
Personal life
McInerney is married to Thomas, an actuary, and they have two boys; they live in Sutton, a northern suburb of Dublin.
McInerney was given an Alumni Award by their alma mater, DCU, in 2018.  They are a voluntary advisory board member at the Centre for the Talented Youth of Ireland.
References
External links
Extensive interview with Roisin Ingle of the Irish Times, April 2021
1981 births
People from County Galway
20th-century Irish people
Alumni of Dublin City University
Sunday Tribune people
20th-century Irish women writers
Irish columnists
Women columnists
Irish non-fiction writers
Irish women non-fiction writers
21st-century Irish people
Newstalk presenters
Virgin Media News newsreaders and journalists
RTÉ Radio 1 presenters
Irish broadcasters
Living people
Maribel Perez Wadsworth is the president of the USA Today Network and publisher of USA Today newspaper.
References
Living people
USA Today people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
American women editors
21st-century American newspaper editors
Women newspaper editors
21st-century American women
In logic and mathematics, the logical biconditional, sometimes known as the material biconditional, is the logical connective () used to conjoin two statements and to form the statement " if and only if ", where is known as the antecedent, and the consequent. This is often abbreviated as " iff ". Other ways of denoting this operator may be seen occasionally, as a double-headed arrow (↔ or ⇔ may be represented in Unicode in various ways), a prefixed E "Epq" (in Łukasiewicz notation or Bocheński notation), an equality sign (=), an equivalence sign (≡), or EQV. It is logically equivalent to both and , and the XNOR (exclusive nor) boolean operator, which means "both or neither".
Semantically, the only case where a logical biconditional is different from a material conditional is the case where the hypothesis is false but the conclusion is true. In this case, the result is true for the conditional, but false for the biconditional.
In the conceptual interpretation, means "All 's are 's and all 's are 's". In other words, the sets and coincide: they are identical. However, this does not mean that and need to have the same meaning (e.g., could be "equiangular trilateral" and could be "equilateral triangle"). When phrased as a sentence, the antecedent is the subject and the consequent is the predicate of a universal affirmative proposition (e.g., in the phrase "all men are mortal", "men" is the subject and "mortal" is the predicate).
In the propositional interpretation, means that implies and implies ; in other words, the propositions are logically equivalent, in the sense that both are either jointly true or jointly false. Again, this does not mean that they need to have the same meaning, as could be "the triangle ABC has two equal sides" and could be "the triangle ABC has two equal angles". In general, the antecedent is the premise, or the cause, and the consequent is the consequence. When an implication is translated by a hypothetical (or conditional) judgment, the antecedent is called the hypothesis (or the condition) and the consequent is called the thesis.
A common way of demonstrating a biconditional of the form is to demonstrate that and separately (due to its equivalence to the conjunction of the two converse conditionals). Yet another way of demonstrating the same biconditional is by demonstrating that and .
When both members of the biconditional are propositions, it can be separated into two conditionals, of which one is called a theorem and the other its reciprocal. Thus whenever a theorem and its reciprocal are true, we have a biconditional. A simple theorem gives rise to an implication, whose antecedent is the hypothesis and whose consequent is the thesis of the theorem.
It is often said that the hypothesis is the sufficient condition of the thesis, and that the thesis is the necessary condition of the hypothesis. That is, it is sufficient that the hypothesis be true for the thesis to be true, while it is necessary that the thesis be true if the hypothesis were true. When a theorem and its reciprocal are true, its hypothesis is said to be the necessary and sufficient condition of the thesis. That is, the hypothesis is both the cause and the consequence of the thesis at the same time.
Definition
Logical equality (also known as biconditional) is an operation on two logical values, typically the values of two propositions, that produces a value of true if and only if both operands are false or both operands are true.
Truth table
The following is truth table for (also written as , , or P EQ Q):
When more than two statements are involved, combining them with might be ambiguous. For example, the statement
may be interpreted as
,
or may be interpreted as saying that all are jointly true or jointly false:
As it turns out, these two statements are only the same—when zero or two arguments are involved. In fact, the following truth tables only show the same bit pattern in the line with no argument and in the lines with two arguments:
The left Venn diagram below, and the lines (AB ) in these matrices represent the same operation.
Venn diagrams
Red areas stand for true (as in for and).
Properties
Commutativity: Yes
Associativity: Yes
Distributivity: Biconditional doesn't distribute over any binary function (not even itself), but logical disjunction distributes over biconditional.
Idempotency: No
Monotonicity: No
Truth-preserving: Yes
When all inputs are true, the output is true.
Falsehood-preserving: No
When all inputs are false, the output is not false.
Walsh spectrum: (2,0,0,2)
Nonlinearity: 0 (the function is linear)
Rules of inference
Like all connectives in first-order logic, the biconditional has rules of inference that govern its use in formal proofs.
Biconditional introduction
Biconditional introduction allows one to infer that if B follows from A and A follows from B, then A if and only if B.
For example, from the statements "if I'm breathing, then I'm alive" and "if I'm alive, then I'm breathing", it can be inferred that "I'm breathing if and only if I'm alive" or equivalently, "I'm alive if and only if I'm breathing." Or more schematically:
B → A
A → B
∴ A ↔ B
B → A
A → B
∴ B ↔ A
Biconditional elimination
Biconditional elimination allows one to infer a conditional from a biconditional: if A ↔ B is true, then one may infer either A → B, or B → A.
For example, if it is true that I'm breathing if and only if I'm alive, then it's true that if I'm breathing, then I'm alive; likewise, it's true that if I'm alive, then I'm breathing. Or more schematically:
A ↔ B
∴ A → B
A ↔ B
∴ B → A
Colloquial usage
One unambiguous way of stating a biconditional in plain English is to adopt the form "b if a and a if b"—if the standard form "a if and only if b" is not used. Slightly more formally, one could also say that "b implies a and a implies b", or "a is necessary and sufficient for b". The plain English "if'" may sometimes be used as a biconditional (especially in the context of a mathematical definition). In which case, one must take into consideration the surrounding context when interpreting these words.
For example, the statement "I'll buy you a new wallet if you need one" may be interpreted as a biconditional, since the speaker doesn't intend a valid outcome to be buying the wallet whether or not the wallet is needed (as in a conditional). However, "it is cloudy if it is raining" is generally not meant as a biconditional, since it can still be cloudy even if it is not raining.
See also
If and only if
Logical equivalence
Logical equality
XNOR gate
Biconditional elimination
Biconditional introduction
References
External links
Biconditional
Equivalence (mathematics)
The Taiwan Textile Research Institute is a government funded research institute in Taiwan (ROC) which supports the textile industry.
History
TTRI was founded in 1959. After the normalization of relations with the People's Republic of China much of Taiwan's textile industry wither shifted production or went out of business. According to TTRI data in 1997 there were 7,752 textile companies in Taiwan, but by 2010 there were only 4,299.
In the 21st century the institute has supported the shift of Taiwan's textile industry towards technical textiles, a global market which Taiwan had captured 70% of by 2018. The institute has also supported the development of sustainable textiles. In 2019 TTRI employed 300 professionals, two thirds of whom hold advanced degrees.
Research
In 2019 the institute developed an air jet weaving machine. In partnership with National Taiwan University of Science and Technology (NTUS) and Taiwan Yingmi Technology TTRI has worked to develop gloves which can translate sign language. Taiwan Textile Research Institute (TTRI) is working with Taiwan based Niching to develop a range of abrasion-resistant fabrics for use in socks and workwear.
Notable researchers and staff
Peter Tsai, inventor of the N95 mask
See also
Industrial Technology Research Institute
Automotive Research & Testing Center
Institute for Information Industry
Ship and Ocean Industries R&D Center
References
1959 establishments in Taiwan
Non-profit organizations based in Taiwan
Research institutes established in 1959
Research institutes in Taiwan
Textile organizations
Textile industry of Taiwan
Phrealcia is a genus of moths of the family Ypsolophidae.
Species
Phrealcia brevipalpella Chrétien, 1900
Phrealcia eximiella (Rebel, 1899)
Phrealcia friesei Mey, 2012
Phrealcia steueri Mey, 2012
Phrealcia ussuriensis Rebel, 1901
References
, 2012: Phrealcia steueri n. sp. und P. friesei n. sp. - zwei neue Arten einer disjunkt verbreiteten Gattung (Lepidoptera, Ypsolophidae). Entomologische Nachrichten und Berichte 56:53- 57.
Ypsolophidae
Moth genera
Hassan Kachloul (; born 19 February 1973) is a Moroccan former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. They represented the Morocco national team and was a squad member at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
Career
Born in Agadir, Morocco, Kachloul was raised in Belleville in France and spent their early career in French football, with Nîmes Olympique, before signing for FC Metz, who loaned them to USL Dunkerque and AS Saint-Étienne respectively.
After being released by their parent club FC Metz at their own request, and not being part of the Morocco squad for the World Cup of 1998, they spent a spell searching for a new club before moving to England, joining top flight Southampton in October 1998. They remained at The Dell until June 2001 when they joined Aston Villa after their contract expired. They had originally made a verbal agreement to join Ipswich Town, and was celebrated as a crucial signing, but changed their mind at the last minute to head to Villa Park.
Kachloul was signed by John Gregory and played almost all their games for the club under him. After Gregory resigned in January 2002, they were frozen out by, firstly, Graham Taylor, and later David O'Leary.
The midfielder left Aston Villa in July 2004, after failing to appear for the club in the 2003–04 season. They had spent five months on loan at fellow Premier League side Wolves during the campaign, but had only managed four games, after suffering injury and illness.
After a spell as a free agent, they joined Livingston, where they helped the club avoid relegation. Their time at Livingston was somewhat overshadowed due to the suspicious circumstances of their transfer. As they had joined as a free agent, and was signed outside the transfer window, they played under 'amateur' status. However, this was found to be unsound as they were discovered to be receiving an income from Livingston. The SPL ruled that as the player could have been signed as a professional and there had been no need to sign them as an amateur on 31 March 2005. Livingston argued that they had gained no competitive advantage from this situation, and therefore a points deduction was not imposed. The club was fined £15,000.
After leaving Livingston, they had a trial at Derby County in late 2005, but was not signed and has since retired. They currently work as a property developer.
Career statistics
Honours
Aston Villa
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 2001
References
External links
Player's website at www.icons.com
1973 births
Living people
People from Agadir
Moroccan footballers
Association football midfielders
Morocco international footballers
2000 African Cup of Nations players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
Ligue 1 players
Premier League players
Scottish Premier League players
Nîmes Olympique players
FC Metz players
USL Dunkerque players
Southampton F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Livingston F.C. players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Maqsudabad (, also Romanized as Maqşūdābād; also known as Maqşūdābād-e Bālā, ‘Eşmatābād, ‘Ismatābād, and Maqşūdābād-e Bāla) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 903, in 210 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Arkyt may refer to the following places:
Arkyt, Altai Republic, a village in eastern Russia
Arkyt, Kyrgyzstan, a village in western Kyrgyzstan
Lenormand is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Henri-René Lenormand (1882–1951), French playwright
Louis-Sébastien Lenormand (1757–1837), French physicist, inventor and pioneer in parachuting
Marie Anne Lenormand (1772–1843), French professional fortune-teller for more than 40 years, famous during the Napoleonic era
Stéphane Lenormand, French politician
See also
Lenormant, a surname
Johann Kaspar Hechtel, who designed a deck of playing cards upon which Lenormand fortune-telling cards are modelled
John Davis (August 9, 1826 – August 1, 1901) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Early life
Born near Springfield, Illinois, Davis moved with their parents to Macon County in 1830.
They attended the country schools, Springfield Academy, and Illinois College, Jacksonville, Illinois. They engaged in agricultural and horticultural pursuits near Decatur, Illinois.
Career
Davis moved to Kansas in 1872 and located on a farm near Junction City. They were elected president of the first distinctive farmers' convention held in Kansas in 1873, out of which grew the Farmers' Cooperative Association, of which they were the first president.
They later served as president of the Grange convention in 1874 and became proprietor and editor of the Junction City Tribune in 1875. Davis also served as Secretary of the Central Kansas Horticultural Society for many years.
Politics
Davis was an anti-slave Republican and believed in the principle of government supported agricultural education. They were also "a neighbor and intimate acquaintance of Abraham
Lincoln".
Davis was an unsuccessful candidate of the Greenback Party for election in 1880 to the Forty-seventh Congress and in 1882 to the Forty-eighth Congress.
Davis was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Congresses (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1895). In congress, they made speeches on finance, tariff reform, transportation, the income tax, and was an advocate of women's suffrage.
Davis was unsuccessful in their bid for re-election in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth Congress.
Later life
After their political career Davis devoted their time to literary work until their death at the residence of their daughter in Topeka, Kansas, August 1, 1901. They were interred in Topeka Cemetery.
References
Notes
1826 births
1901 deaths
19th-century American politicians
American abolitionists
American women's rights activists
Illinois College alumni
Kansas Greenbacks
Kansas Populists
Kansas Republicans
People buried in Topeka Cemetery
People from Junction City, Kansas
People from Macon County, Illinois
People's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Politicians from Springfield, Illinois
Writers from Kansas
Writers from Springfield, Illinois
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Bukhar-Zhyrau District (, ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Botakara. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
Lucius Scribonius Libo was a Roman politician and military commander who was consul in 34 BC and brother-in-law to the future emperor Augustus. Libo rose to prominence through their connections with Pompey. When Julius Caesar rebelled against the Roman Senate in 49 BC, Libo sided with Pompey. They carried out a variety of military, diplomatic and naval roles, with mixed success.
After Pompey's death in 48 BC, Libo attached themselves to Pompey's son, Sextus Pompey, Libo's son-in-law due to their marriage to Libo's daughter Scribonia. Libo was involved in a variety of negotiations with Octavian. In 35 BC Libo abandoned Sextus and was rewarded by being appointed consul in 34 BC.
Early career and the Civil War
Libo's father of the same name was the praetor, or chief judicial officer, in 80 BC, and their mother was Cornelia Sulla - the daughter of Pompeia Magna (and so was the granddaughter of Pompey the Great) and their first husband Faustus Cornelius Sulla, the only son of the dictator Sulla.
Libo was a member of the Scribonia family, which was plebeian, not a member of the ruling elite. They were closely connected to the family of Pompey through their grandmother Pompeia Magna. Ties were strengthened in 55 BC after Pompey's son, Sextus Pompey, married Libo's daughter, Scribonia. It is assumed Libo reached the office of praetor by 50 BC.
In 50 BC the Senate, led by Pompey, ordered populist politician and general Julius Caesar to disband their army and return to Rome because their term as governor had ended. Caesar thought they would be prosecuted if they entered Rome without the immunity enjoyed by a magistrate. On 10 January 49 BC Caesar crossed the Rubicon river, and ignited Caesar's Civil War. They marched rapidly on Rome and captured it. Pompey and most of the Senate fled to Greece. Libo was appointed one of Pompey's legates, a high-ranking military position, and was given command of Etruria.
After Libo was driven from Etruria by Mark Antony, they took over command of the new recruits in Campania from Ampius Balbus. They then accompanied Pompey during their withdrawal to Brundisium, and there they acted as Pompey's intermediary with Gaius Caninius Rebilus, a close personal friend, who had been given the task by Julius Caesar of negotiating with Pompey. Rebilus advised Libo that if they could convince Pompey to reach an agreement with Caesar, Caesar would give credit to Libo for halting the civil war before it began in earnest. Although Libo reported Caesar's proposals, Pompey told Libo they could not agree to anything without the consuls being present.
Following Pompey to Macedonia, Libo was placed in charge of part of Pompey's fleet alongside Marcus Octavius, with instructions to prevent Caesar's forces crossing if possible. Off the Dalmatian coast they defeated a fleet under the command of Publius Cornelius Dolabella. They followed this up by defeating Gaius Antonius, who had attempted to assist Dolabella, and who was forced to flee to Corcyra Nigra. Short of supplies, they soon surrendered to Libo who took them and their troops to Pompey. By the time Caesar landed in Epirus and had taken Oricum, Pompey had sent Libo to join Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus, who was in charge of Pompey's fleet and was blockading Caesar at Oricum, but who was ill and unable to get fresh supplies. In order to break the stalemate, Bibulus and Libo sailed towards Oricum and requested a truce in order to negotiate with Caesar. Caesar agreed and Libo attempted to deceive Caesar into thinking that they were acting on Pompey's instructions. When Caesar was unable to make Libo agree to give safe conduct to Caesar's envoys, Caesar concluded that the negotiations were a sham designed to allow Bibulus to resupply their ships, and so refused to extend the truce and broke off negotiations.
With Bibulus's death in early 48 BC, Libo was given command of the Pompeian fleet, comprising some fifty galleys. They continued blockading Oricum, but came to the conclusion that, if they could close off Brundisium from the sea, they could cut Caesar off from reinforcements, and could redeploy the fleet elsewhere. Moving off to Brundisium, they caught the local commander, Mark Antony, unprepared. Libo burnt a number of storage ships, captured one full of grain, and landed troops on the island that commanded the entrance to the harbour, expelling a squad of Antony's troops in the process. Confident of success, they sent a letter to Pompey, advising them that they had secured the harbour and that the rest of the fleet should be repaired and rested. Antony, however, managed to trick Libo into pursuing some decoy ships, causing Libo's squadron to be attacked. Most of Libo's fleet managed to escape, but the troops they landed on the island were trapped and captured.
Later career
With the defeat and death of Pompey in 48 BC, Libo attached themselves to Pompey's son, Sextus Pompey. Sextus was Libo's son-in-law due to their marriage to Libo's daughter Scribonia. In 40 BC, Sextus sent them as an unofficial envoy to Mark Antony in Greece, seeking an alliance against Octavian (later known as Augustus), who had just defeated Antony's partisans in the Perusine War, and was instrumental in forming an alliance between the two. Octavian attempted to drive a wedge between Sextus Pompey and Mark Antony by marrying Libo's sister, Scribonia. In the subsequent Pact of Misenum, Libo acted as an important negotiator; in return for their support, Sextus managed to extract from Octavian the promise of a future consulate for Libo.
After Octavian renewed the war against Sextus Pompey in 36 BC, Libo initially supported him. By 35 BC Libo felt their son-in-law's cause was lost; they abandoned Sextus and joined Mark Antony. As a reward, Antony ensured that Libo was elected consul in 34 BC alongside himself. They left office on 1 July, and was replaced by Gaius Memmius. By the time they became a consul they had been appointed as one of the seven Septemviri epulones, the religious body responsible for organising feasts and public banquets for festivals and games in Rome. It is believed that they died shortly after stepping down from their consulship.
Family
Libo was the maternal uncle to consul Publius Cornelius Scipio, Cornelia Scipio and Julia the Elder. The name of their wife is not known, but they were a member of the gens Sulpicia, the family from which Roman emperor Galba would claim descent on their paternal side. Libo and wife had three children: two sons, Lucius Scribonius Libo, consul in 16; Marcus Scribonius Libo Drusus; and a daughter, Scribonia, who married Sextus Pompey.
References and sources
References
Sources
T. Robert S. Broughton, The Magistrates of the Roman Republic, Vol II (1952).
Holmes, T. Rice, The Roman Republic and the Founder of the Empire, Vol. III (1923)
Syme, Ronald, The Roman Revolution, Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1939.
Anthon, Charles & Smith, William, A New Classical Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography, Mythology and Geography (1860).
1st-century BC Roman consuls
1st-century BC Roman generals
Libo, Lucius consul 720 AUC
Elsbeth Plehn (7 March 1922 – 13 December 2001) was a German operatic contralto and voice teacher.
Life and career
Plehn studied school music and music education at the University of Königsberg. In Dresden, they took singing lessons with Herbert Winkler and Martin Flämig. They were successful as a concert and oratorium singer.
In 1959, they became a lecturer at the Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber and was appointed professor in 1975.
Among their students were the bass baritone Peter Olesch, the mezzo-soprano Annelott Damm, the soprano Carola Nossek, the voice teachers Christiane Junghanns and Christiane Bach-Röhr and the director .
Further reading
Prof. Elsbeth Plehn. In Eva Johne (ed.): Profile aus Dresden. Vol. 1. Johne, Dresden 1993, , .
References
External links
Plehn Elsbeth on Operissimo concertissimo.
1922 births
2001 deaths
German contraltos
The Hafeziyeh Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Shiraz, Iran. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Persian Gulf League side, Fajr Sepasi F.C. The stadium also is used for some matches of Bargh Shiraz F.C. in Azadegan League. The stadium holds 20,000 people and is all-seater. The stadium was the host venue of 2012 Hazfi Cup Final. The stadium is located in the Center of Shiraz in the Hafezieh district, near the Tomb of Hafez and is easily accessible for most people living in the city.
Background
In 1940, Iran's then Prime Minister Mohammad-Ali Foroughi visited Shiraz and proposed a project for Shiraz to make a bid for holding the 1976 AFC Asian Cup with Shiraz as second host city. The operation of the venue was officially begun on 1 March 1945 and after near ten months, the stadium was opened in January 1946. The opening match was between Bargh Shiraz and CD Castellón in a friendly match, held on 20 January 1946 which Bargh won 1-0.
Hafezieh stadium has been renovated twice, firstly in 1972 to make venue ready for the Asian Cup, which later was cancelled when Tabriz's Bagh Shomal Stadium was made second host because of its greater capacity. The second renovation began in 2009 and the capacity of the venue was upgraded from 20,000 to 22,000 seated.
Notable matches
The match between Fajr Sepasi and Bargh Shiraz in 2001–02 Iran Pro League was named the Shiraz's most attendance match with a 20,984 fans watching the match. It was the first Shiraz derby which was Fajr won. The stadium also held four Hazfi Cup finals. The first was during 2000–01 Hazfi Cup. Fajr faced Zob Ahan and won the first leg 1-0 in Isfahan. The second leg was held in Hafezieh and Fajr won 2-1, leading to winning the title for the first time. Fajr was also a finalist in the 2001–02 Hazfi Cup, faced Esteghlal in first leg in Shiraz. It ended with a 2-1 win for Esteghlal which helped them win the title with a 2-2 draw in second leg. Fajr also qualified to the final of 2002–03 Hazfi Cup, another final with Zob Ahan but it was a loss for Fajr. The first leg held in Isfahan & they draw(2-2),The second leg was in hafezie stadium & again they draw(2-2) but one of them should win that match so in penalties Zob Ahan won(6-5). The final of the 2011–12 Hazfi Cup was also held at this stadium but Fajr wasn't a finalist. Esteghlal beat Shahin Bushehr 4-1 on penalties on 15 March 2012 in a single match.
Balloon Festival
On the occasion of the Shiraz week, 12 hot air balloons flew at the same time across the city for the first time in Shiraz. The ceremony was held in two stages. First in sunset and other in night. After the end of the night ceremony, the floodlight was held in Hafezieh Stadium.
Renovation
After the criticisms about 2012 Hazfi Cup finals held in Hafezieh because of bad grass at winter, the grass of the stadium was improved for the start of the 2012 Iran Pro League season.
See also
List of association football stadia by capacity
Football in Iran
Azadi Stadium
Shiraz Stadium
References
External links
Fajr Sepasi F.C.
Buildings and structures completed in 1946
Sport in Shiraz
Football venues in Iran
Multi-purpose stadiums in Iran
Buildings and structures in Shiraz
Yangery is a small town located in the Western District, in Victoria, Australia. In the , Yangery had a population of 111.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Mirko Čikiriz () is a Serbian politician. At one time a prominent member of the Serbian Renewal Movement (Srpski pokret obnove, SPO), they joined the breakaway Movement for the Restoration of the Kingdom of Serbia (Pokret obnove Kraljevine Srbije, POKS) in 2017. That organization split in late 2021, and Čikiriz became a prominent figure in the party faction led by Žika Gojković.
Čikiriz has been an assistant mayor of Kragujevac since November 2020, with responsibility for co-operation with churches and religious communities.
Early life and career
Čikiriz was born in the small town of Guča, Lučani, in what was then the People's Republic of Serbia in the People's Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. They graduated from the University of Kragujevac Faculty of Law in 1988, passed the bar exam in 1995, and worked at law in Kragujevac. From 1998 to 2008, they were the legal representative and head of the legal service for Takovo osiguranje in the city.
Politician
Early years
Čikiriz's family has a long history of involvement in Serbian royalist politics. Their ancestors were supporters of the Karađorđević dynasty in the nineteenth century, and Draža Mihailović kept their military headquarters in the house of Čikiriz's grandmother for twenty days during World War II. Several members of their family were shot by German forces during the Axis occupation of Serbia.
Čikiriz joined the SPO on its formation in 1990. They were arrested with party leader Vuk Drašković following street protests against Slobodan Milošević's administration in June 1993; on their release, they organized further protests for the benefit of those party members still incarcerated. Čikiriz became a member of the SPO Kragujevac city board in 1996, and in 1997–98 they served as secretary of the municipal assembly and the municipal administration in the nearby municipality of Lapovo. They later became president of the SPO's Kragujevac board and a member of its presidency for the Šumadija District.
Parliamentarian
Čikiriz was a candidate in the Serbian parliamentary elections of 2000, 2003, and 2007, although they were not elected on any of these occasions. The SPO's electoral list did not cross the electoral threshold in 2000 or 2007. In 2003, the party ran a combined list with New Serbia (Nova Srbija, NS) that won twenty-two seats. Čikiriz appeared in the 114th position on the combined list of the parties and was not afterward included in the SPO's delegation. (From 2000 to 2011, assembly mandates were awarded to sponsoring parties or coalitions rather than to individual candidates, and it was common practice for the mandates to be assigned out of numerical order. Čikiriz could have been given a mandate despite their low position on the list, but they were not.)
The SPO contested the 2008 Serbian parliamentary election as part of the For a European Serbia (Za evropsku Srbiju, ZES) alliance led by the Democratic Party (Demokratska stranka, DS). Čikiriz was included on the alliance's (mostly alphabetical) list in the 242th position and was given a mandate when ZES won a plurality victory with 102 seats out of 250. The overall results of the election were inconclusive, but ZES ultimately formed a coalition government with the Socialist Party of Serbia (Socijalistička partija Srbije, SPS), and the SPO supported the administration. In their first assembly term, Čikiriz was a member of the legislative committee; a deputy member of the committee on youth and sports, the committee for relations with Serbs outside Serbia, and the poverty reduction committee; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Australia, Belgium, Norway, and Portugal.
Čikiriz was also elected to the Kragujevac city assembly on the ZES alliance's list in the 2008 Serbian local elections. Their term was brief; they resigned from the city assembly on 10 October 2008.
Serbia's electoral system was reformed in 2011, such that mandates were awarded to candidates on successful lists in numerical order. The SPO contested the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election in an alliance with the Liberal Democratic Party (Liberalno demokratska partija, LDP) known as U-Turn (Preokret). Čikiriz received the seventeenth position on the alliance's list and was re-elected when it won nineteen seats. The Serbian Progressive Party (Srpska napredna stranka, SNS) won the election and afterward formed a new coalition government with the SPS and other parties; the SPO served in opposition. Čikiriz was a member of the committee on constitutional affairs and legislation; a member of the committee on the rights of the child; a deputy member of the committee on finance, state budget, and control of public spending; a deputy member of the committee on administrative-budgetary and mandate-immunity issues; and a member of the friendship groups with Japan, Slovenia, South Korea, and the Sovereign Order of Malta.
The SPO joined the SNS's political alliance in the buildup to the 2014 parliamentary election. Čikiriz received the ninety-second position on the alliance's Aleksandar Vučić — Future We Believe In list and was elected to a third term when the alliance won a landslide victory with 158 seats. During their third term, Čikiriz was a member of the committee on constitutional affairs and legislation and the committee on the rights of the child; a deputy member of the committee on administrative-budgetary and mandate-immunity issues, the committee for Kosovo and Metohija, the health and family committee, the committee on defence and internal affairs, and the committee on finance, state budget, and control of public spending; a deputy member of Serbia's delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE PA); and a member of the friendship groups with Australia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Italy, Japan, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, and the United States of America.
They received the 134th position on the SNS-led Aleksandar Vučić – Serbia Is Winning list in the 2016 parliamentary election and narrowly missed re-election when the list won 131 mandates. They were later appointed as a state secretary in Serbia's ministry of justice. As none of the SPO's three elected members left the assembly prior to the 2020 election, Čikiriz did not have the opportunity to return as a replacement.
Čikiriz was a vice-president of the SPO at the time that they left the party in 2017.
POKS member
The SPO split in 2017, and a new party called the Movement for the Restoration of the Kingdom of Serbia (POKS) was formed under Žika Gojković's leadership. Čikiriz joined the POKS; in so doing, they said that its founders were dissatisfied with Vuk Drašković's continued leadership of SPO but did not want to attempt a disruptive takeover of that party. Čikiriz also accused Drašković of singling out the crimes committed by Serb forces in the Yugoslav Wars of the 1990s and ignoring the crimes of other sides. The POKS initially continued to support Serbia's SNS-led administration, and Čikiriz remained in their role as a state secretary.
In 2019, the Kragujevac city assembly voted to name an alley after Draža Mihailović. Čikiriz supported this decision, describing both Mihailović's Chetniks and the Yugoslav Partisans as having been anti-fascist forces in World War II.
They appeared in the third position on the POKS's For the Kingdom of Serbia electoral list in the 2020 Serbian parliamentary election. The list narrowly missed crossing the electoral threshold. They also led the POKS's list for Kragujevac in the concurrent 2020 Serbian local elections and was elected when the list won three mandates. Once again, their term in the local assembly was relatively brief. They were appointed as an assistant mayor on 5 November 2020, with responsibility for co-operation with churches and religious communities. (The city's other assistant mayors had been appointed in September, but Čikiriz was required to wait until the end of their term as a state secretary before they could formally take office.) By virtue of holding this executive role, they were required to resign from the city assembly, which they did on 27 November. In May 2021, they introduced a contract valued at seven million dollars to be spent on financing and co-financing projects sponsored by the city's different religious communities.
POKS split and 2022 parliamentary election
The POKS split into rival factions in late 2021, respectively led by Žika Gojković and former Belgrade mayor Vojislav Mihailović. For several months, both Gojković and Mihailović claimed to be the legitimate leader of the party. Čikiriz was one of Gojković's most prominent allies in this intra-party division. On 28 December 2021, the group centered around Mihailović formally expelled both Gojković and Čikiriz from the POKS, a decision that they rejected as invalid.
Gojković's POKS group contested the 2022 Serbian parliamentary election in an alliance with Dveri, and Čikiriz received the twelfth position on their combined electoral list. The list won ten seats, and they were not immediately elected. Shortly after the election, Gojković's group lost the rights to the POKS name when Mihailović was formally recognized as the party's leader.
Čikiriz is currently the next candidate slated to enter the national assembly if any of the four candidates elected for Gojković's POKS leave the assembly in its current term.
References
1963 births
Living people
People from Lučani
Politicians from Kragujevac
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Deputy Members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
Serbian Renewal Movement politicians
Movement for the Restoration of the Kingdom of Serbia politicians
Amrutham Gamaya , (translation: Path to immortality) is a 1987 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Hariharan, written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and produced by P. K. R. Pillai. It features Mohanlal in the lead role, along with Geetha, Parvathy Jayaram, Vineeth, Thilakan, Devan, Babu Namboothiri and Karamana Janardanan Nair in major supporting roles. The film has no songs, but features a musical score composed by M. B. Sreenivasan.
This film is known for its poignant expression of guilt, it portrays with great sensitivity the story of a doctor who tries to atone for a mistake that they committed as a student – a mistake that destroyed a family. Amrutham Gamaya is regarded as one of the best films of Hariharan and one of the classic screenplay of Vasudevan Nair.
Plot
The movie opens with the final year medical students taking the Hippocratic oath in the Medical college auditorium. Amongst them is Sreedevi, who is honoured by the college as the best outgoing student of the year and is adorned with a gold medal. They take it straight to Haridas, who is a senior doctor and their sponsor, who is sitting and watching the function in one corner. They tell them they are dedicating the award to him. They walk together and decide to visit to the village they belong to. They sit along the river bank and reminisce about their past.
Flashback
Dr P.K. Haridas and their widowed mother are on their way to their uncle's home. They drive past the Nila river, where they glimpse fleetingly at a stream of devotees in white offering Karkidaka Vavu Bali (a form of Hindu ritual in which offerings are made for the deceased to attain Moksha). Their uncle, Kurup, leads the family, which has their four sons, a daughter and a daughter-in-law. Haridas is their poor cousin, the one whose education was funded by the uncle and therefore continually reminded by their meek mother to be indebted to them.
Haridas is supposed to marry Kurup's daughter Bhanu who is smart and educated. The uncle and their sons think they own them making them uncomfortable, so does their feudalistic attitude towards the lesser privileged. When a Muslim trader lashes at the uncle for using devious methods to get their shop, Haridas is more appalled by how the daughter, Bhanu, springs up in defence of their father. The eldest son, Suku is a real estate contractor, the second one moves around in political circles and the youngest, Raghu runs a medical shop. Their cousins and uncle are extremely greedy.
When Haridas starts their practice at the local dilapidated clinic run by their uncle, they realise that they are up against a morally corrupt system, where the facilities are poor, and also that they do not have a say in its functioning. The other doctor at the clinic, Dr. Rajan Thomas cautions them against treating pregnant women, as it's their domain. They are against their honest practice and were disappointed when they denied prescribing unnecessary medicines to the poor because it did not help their brother's pharmacy business. But Haridas is very adamant in not yielding to their dishonesty and malpractices. Even though Bhanu looks at Haridas with stars in their eyes, they dismiss them all the time.
The past comes to haunt Haridas when they go to a patient at their home – a derelict Namboothiri illam. The patient is bedridden, their husband Ilethu is a temple priest and they have a daughter Sreedevi. It is when Illethu mentions their departed son Unnikrishnan, who was a promising medical student, who had died due to a sudden heart attack in the playground at their medical college, Haridas gets a jolt. Haridas mentions that Unni was a junior of his. That night they inject pethidine to ease their pain and the guilt slowly starts to eat inside him. It slowly grows into an addiction.
Haridas grows attached to the family, often helping them. They advise Sreedevi to become a doctor, not a nurse. Meanwhile, at their uncle's home, they face much trouble and shifts their home near the Namboothiri illam, using it as a clinic as well. Patients throng to their home and the bond between Sreedevi and Haridas becomes strong. When Bhanu arrives, they mistake their friendship for something else and leaves the clinic in anger. But Haridas calms them down and tells them that it is their responsibility to take care of that family, as there is something in their past which they wouldn't understand. They calm down and then Haridas then drops them at their home, in front of their uncle and brothers. Meanwhile, their addiction grows and finally when their mentor, the wise old professor arrives and advises him, it is only then they stop injecting it. They discard the rest of the vials.
One night, a low-caste labourer calls upon Haridas as their pregnant wife is experiencing pains. They tell them that all pregnancy cases are undertaken by Dr Rajan Thomas and interfering in their domain would cause problems. But Dr Thomas does not go for the delivery and neglects them, as it is the birthday party of their child. Even after Haridas's request, they don't go. At last, Haridas themselves tries to attend the case, but in vain. The woman dies due to severe bleeding and medical negligence by Dr Thomas. This becomes a huge issue and Haridas is made the scapegoat, thanks to a smear campaign by their uncle and cousins. The mob throws stones at their house and breaks the windows and Haridas is injured as well.
The next day, Illethu arrives to check on the well-being of Haridas. Haridas learns that they were going to perform the annual funeral of their son. Illethu mentions that death due to unnatural causes need a special pooja, as the aatma keeps lingering around for salvation. Haridas requests that such a pooja be conducted for their son, as they are the one responsible for Unni's death. Haridas then reveals everything to the appalled Illethu about that fateful night.
Back in college, Haridas was Unni's senior and all the new admissions were ragged by the unruly seniors. When Unni was staying in their room they were forced to come out. They begged them not to harass them as they were tested to have a weak heart. As Haridas wanted to show their power as a senior, they harass Unni to strip in front of everyone and even mocks them and also the doctor who had diagnosed Unni's heart condition. Haridas repeatedly ignores their pleas. They order them to carry them on their shoulders and go round the campus. Not able to carry Haridas's weight on their shoulders and due to the stress of ragging, Unni collapses and spits out blood. Unni writhes in pain and then dies. Horrified, Haridas tries to resuscitate him, but in vain. They panic and fumbles all over. All the students run back to their rooms when they see the professor(Haridas's mentor) arrive at the scene. Haridas falls to their legs and pleads with them not to reveal it. The management quickly covers it up as a playground accident.
Cutting to Haridas and Illethu, Haridas falls to Illethu's feet for forgiveness. Unni's family, who had earlier seen them as a saviour, now saw them as the bloodied, remorseless killer. Haridas looks on as the family finishes the last rites but totally crumbles when the mother accuses them of killing their son. Haridas, not able to live with themselves tries to commit suicide. As they slit their wrist, writhing in pain and remorse, Sreedevi grabs their hands, their face swimming in tears and everything else they were holding back from him. As days go by, Sreedevi joins the Medical College with Haridas sponsoring their entire education.
Present day
Sreedevi and Haridas arrive at the Illam. Illethu had passed away and only the mother stayed there now. The mother extends a warm welcome to them, seeing that everything has become normal. They had forgiven him. Haridas then leaves with a smile on theirs face.
Cast
Mohanlal as Dr. P. K. Haridas
Thilakan as Kurup, Haridas's uncle
Geetha as Bhanu
Parvathy as Sreedevi, Unni's sister
Vineeth as Unnikrishnan, son of Illethu, brother of Sreedevi
Captain Raju as Suku, the eldest son of Kurup
Devan as Raghu, the son who runs the medical shop
Kuthiravattom Pappu as Kumaran, the medical compounder/attender.
Karamana Janardanan Nair as Professor Chandrashekharan, Haridas's mentor.
Rajya Lakshmi as Sarada
Kunjandi as Kaakka
Babu Namboothiri as Illethu, Unni's father
Kundara Johny as Dr Rajan Thomas, the arrogant and negligent doctor.
Kamala Kamesh as Sreedevi's mother
Sukumari as Haridas's mother
Manoj
R.K Nair
Vinodh
Abu Sirkar
Saudamini
Baby Sheema
Indhumathi
Balraj
Mithran
Unninarayanan
Vijayakumar
Vineethan
Lowel
Deepthi as Sridevi's sister
Production
The film was written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan. It was their subsequent collaboration with Mohanlal and Geetha together again after Panchagni (1986). Unlike Panchagni, which was a women-oriented film, Amrutham Gamaya follows the character of Dr. Haridas played by Mohanlal. The title is derived from the lyric "mṛtyor mā amṛtaṃ gamaya" (meaning: "From death, lead me to immortality") of the Pavamana Mantra, a Hindu mantra. The film score was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan. This film does not feature any songs.
Release
The film was released on 6 February 1987. In an interview in August 2000, praising Mohanlal's performance, Hariharan said that "He really surprised me. That was an amazing performance. In fact, they should have won a National Award for it. Have you seen the scene in which they inject pethidine into their thighs? That was simply great. And when they realise that the family they befriend is the family of the boy whom they had accidentally killed while ragging them in medical college, was heartbreaking. I don't know how they showed inner turmoil so beautifully. It was so subtle, so disturbing. The beauty of their performance is that they underplay emotions. Every muscle of their body reacts. For that one scene itself, they should have been given an award. I, the director, forgot myself when they were performing in Amrutham Gamaya. Why, all the unit members wept, while watching them perform".
Themes
The movie explores the themes of guilt, depression, drug abuse, corruption, addiction, traditional Kerala family scepticisms and values and finally redemption. The title is derived from the popular shloka
"Asatho Maa Sad Gamaya"
"Thamaso Maa Jyothir Gamaya"
"Mrithyor Maa Amritham Gamaya",
which means
"Lead me from the unreal to the real."
"Lead me from darkness to light."
"Lead me from death to immortality."
The journey of Haridas, from their guilt-ridden days to acceptance and inner peace is the titular metaphorical path to immortality. Mohanlal portrays Haridas at three stages in their life i.e. as the bullying and ragging senior, the guilt-ridden doctor and finally as the man who attains redemption.
References
External links
Amrutham Gamaya on YouTube
1987 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films with screenplays by M. T. Vasudevan Nair
Films about school violence
Films directed by Hariharan
Batrachorhina similis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
Subspecies
Batrachorhina similis similis Breuning, 1938
Batrachorhina similis supplementaria Breuning, 1970
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1938
Cleo Nordi (; Kronstadt, Russian Empire – 30 March 1983 London), was a Russo-Finnish ballerina who danced as a soloist with Anna Pavlova's company before becoming a renowned teacher of the Russian ballet tradition in London. They were involved in three dance-related films.
Biography
Nordi trained in St.Petersburg with Nicolai Legat, with Lyubov Yegorova, Olga Preobrajenska and Vera Trefilova and in Helsingfors with George Gé. On 13 December 1924 they made their Paris debut at the Théâtre Fémina in a light entertainment. The following year they became a member of the Paris Opera where they stayed until 1926. Later that year they joined Anna Pavlova's company with which they toured and danced solo roles until the latter's death in 1931.
Through their marriage to Walford Hyden, Pavlova's musical director and a light orchestra conductor, they were one of the first ballerinas screened on British television in 1934. They made dance arrangements for the musical theatre, sometimes themselves appearing in productions and became involved in cinema. They had supporting roles in two films, in Cafe Colette (1937), Latin Quarter (1945) and was choreographer in the production of Caravan (1946). They travelled widely, including to Australia and Asia where they adopted the practice of Kundalini yoga.
After the Second world war they settled in London where they held classes in West London and latterly in studios in Scarsdale Villas, and in Eldon Road, Kensington. They became an established and esteemed ballet teacher. Among their hundreds of pupils, notable have been Rukmini Devi Arundale, Tamara Tchinarova, Roger Tully, Nadia Nerina Pina Bausch.
and Elaine McDonald, dancer and then Principal Dancer with Scottish Ballet 1969 - 1989.
Cleo Nordi died in Fulham, aged 85 in 1983.
Bibliography
Davis, Janet Rowson. "Ballet on British Television, 1932-1935: A Supplement." Dance Chronicle, vol. 7, no. 3, 1984, pp. 294–325. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/1567654. Nordi appeared dancing the Tarantella in an early UK television broadcast of ballet in 1934. Retrieved 02.02.2019
See also
List of Russian ballet dancers
References
External links
Article from Andros on Ballet
Alastair Macaulay. "Anna Pavlova, global missionary for ballet classicism: Women's History Month in Dance, 2021"
BFI entry Cleo Nordi
Photographs by GBL Wilson of Cleo Nordi with some of their pupils from the Royal Academy of Dance Archive Topfoto - Preview ARP1300390 - CLEO NORDI ; 1899 - 1983 Finnish dancer and teacher ; Them last dance class in London ; September 1964 ; Credit : G.B.L. Wilson / Royal Adacemy of Dance / ArenaPAL
Cleo Nordi recollects Anna Pavlova in Katharine Kanter: Pavlova Recollections by their Associates in Dansomanie Dansomanie :: Voir le sujet - Timely recollections of Anna Pavlova, by their associates Retrieved 30-01-2019
Wolfgang Hainisch 1950 portrait of Cleo Nordi held by National Arts Educational Archive, Yorkshire Sculpture Park: Leonard Bartle's Selection retrieved 02.02.2019
1898 births
1983 deaths
People from Kronstadt
People from Petergofsky Uyezd
Finnish ballerinas
Russian ballerinas
Ballet masters
Russian ballet dancers
Ballet teachers
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United Kingdom
India competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Indian athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Paralympic Games since 1968 (except 1976 & 1980 edition).
On August 8, 2016 Paralympic Committee of India announced a list of 19 competitors (16 Men & 3 Women) to be part of Rio 2016 paralympic games for India in 5 sports.
India has sent its largest ever delegation in the history of summer paralympic games i.e.19 competitors in 5 sports. it has been India's best ever performance in the history of the summer Paralympic games with a total of 4 medals won ( 2 Gold, 1 Silver and 1 Bronze ) with Devendra Jhajharia breaking the World Record to win a gold medal at the Paralympics.Till this, India have won 4 Gold, 4 Silver and 4 Bronze from 1968 to 2016 over 48 years of India's Paralympic history. Mariyappan Thangavelu is the first gold medallist for India in 2016 Paralympics.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis.
Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Competitors
Medallists
Overall
Medals by Sports
Archery
India has qualified one berth in Women individual recurve Archery event after Pooja Khanna secured fifth-place finish in final Paralympic qualifier to secure a continental quota in World Quota Recurve Women Open in Czech Republic 2016 & thus became first Para Archer from India to qualify for Paralympic Games.
Women
|-
|Pooja Khanna
|Recurve Individual Open
|513
|29
| L 2–6
| colspan="4" |Did Not Advance
|29
|}
Athletics
Indian athletes have been able to achieve qualifying standard in the following athletic events (up to maximum of 3 athletes in each event) & after selection trials Paralympic Committee of India has selected a team of 15 athletes (13 Men & 2 Women) for the paralympic games.
Men
Track Events
Field Events
Women
Field Events
Powerlifting
India has secured one berth in Men's event after National champion Farman Basha secured a place in World Ranking list as of February 29, 2016 in the given qualification period for the games.
Men
Shooting
Naresh Kumar Sharma earned a qualifying berth for India in the R7 - Men's 50m Rifle 3 Positions event in last paralympic qualifier event in 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning for the paralympic games.
Men
Swimming
Indian swimmer Suyash Jadhav achieved A qualifying mark in the finals of Men's 50m Butterfly-S7 event at the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports World Games 2015 for the Rio paralympic games.
Men
See also
India at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Indian sport
Waldegg may refer to:
Waldegg (Uitikon), a village in the municipality of Uitikon in the Swiss canton of Zurich
Waldegg (Wiener Neustadt-Land), a municipality in the Austrian province of Lower Austria
Waldegg (Winterthur), a quarter of the city of Winterthur in the Swiss canton of Zurich
Ludo Janssens (born 19 April 1942 in Antwerp) is a Belgian former road cyclist. Professional from 1961 to 1965, they notably won the 1962 Brabantse Pijl, in addition several other larger one day races. They also competed in the 1963 Tour de France, finishing 39th overall.
Major results
1961
1st Druivenkoers-Overijse
5th Paris–Tours
1962
1st Brabantse Pijl
1st Nationale Sluitingprijs
6th Overall Vuelta Ciclista a la Comunidad Valenciana
1st Stage 4
1963
2nd Omloop Het Volk
1964
2nd Schaal Sels
3rd GP Flandria
5th Grand Prix des Nations
7th GP de Belgique
9th Overall Tour du Nord
1965
1st Grand Prix de Denain
8th Omloop Het Volk
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from Antwerp
The Galloper gun is an artillery piece used circa 1740 in British colonies (later the United States). It has 1½, 2, 3, 4 and rare 6 pound shell variants. The gun and carriage weighs around 600 pounds. The gun was designed to be pulled by one horse between the shafts and to keep up with fast moving troops, perhaps even cavalry.
Gallopers were among the first attempts to give some degree of mobility to guns but the logistics of gun crew movement and ammunition transportation meant that the time to fire from a different location was not significantly reduced.
In North America
The galloper carriage was not used in the Americas during the French and Indian War nor in the Revolutionary War. Smith's Universal Military Dictionary of 1779 states its use by the King of Prussia in the previous war. The replacements for the North American campaign were the Townsend design 3-pounder and the Patterson design 3-pounder on grasshopper carriages and the Congreve designed light field 3-pounder shipped in 1776. Several of these were taken from Burgoyne at Saratoga. Two original Townsends are found at the Smithsonian and West Point. The only Pattison original is in Perth, Canada. No original carriages exist but a gunner's model of the grasshopper carriage is found at the Woolwich military museum. Many of the Congreve light 3-pounders on butterfly carriages, two boxes mounted on the axle and one box in the trail, can be found in National Park facilities. Information on the cannons of the Verbreuggens at the Royal Brass Foundry is found in the book on 18th century gun founding by Carel de Beers. The galloper gun weighed 600 pounds.''''''''''''
References
Field artillery
Matthew Scott "Matt" Giraud (born May 11, 1985) is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Kalamazoo, Michigan and the fifth place finalist of the eighth season of the reality television series American Idol. They were the first recipient of the Judges' Save.
Early life
Giraud was born in Dearborn, Michigan, but was raised in Ypsilanti and graduated from Lincoln High School in 2003.  They are the son of Daniel Giraud and Kami Zoltanski, and has a sister, April. They started as a drummer, playing and singing in church in Ypsilanti.
Giraud played at clubs in Kalamazoo, where they also graduated from Western Michigan University. At the university, they were a part of the vocal jazz program, Gold Company.
American Idol
Overview
Giraud auditioned for the eighth season of American Idol in Louisville, Kentucky. They were considered a judges' favorite in Hollywood, with Randy Jackson naming them among their "top 5" early favorites. During Hollywood week, they performed "I Want You Back" by The Jackson 5 as part of a group called "White Chocolate", along with fellow finalist, and future season 8 winner, Kris Allen. They did not make the finals initially, but was brought back for the Wild Card show. The judges unanimously lauded their performance of "Who's Lovin' You" by The Miracles (also made famous by The Jackson 5) and they became a part of the Top 13 (along with Anoop Desai, Megan Joy, and Jasmine Murray). Giraud was also the first and only recipient of the new judges' save for their season on April 15, 2009.
After their Top 13 performance of "Human Nature", Kara DioGuardi remarked "I hope we see you for many more weeks." On Top 11 night, they performed "So Small", provoking Simon Cowell to state "I don't think you've had enough credit in this competition", and compare them to Michael Bublé. On the night of the Top 8, Giraud sang "Part-Time Lover". Paula Abdul kept their compliments short (due to time constraints), simply saying "Two words: Standing O". The next week, however, Giraud received poor reviews from Jackson and DioGuardi. The following night, the results revealed that they received the lowest number of votes. However, for the first time in American Idol history, the judges' save was invoked and Giraud was spared elimination when the judges utilized Season 8's new twist. The consequence of this, for all of the contestants, was a double elimination after the second Top 7 night. On that night, Giraud performed "Stayin' Alive" and received mixed reviews. Nevertheless, they survived the vote that week and even avoided placing in the Bottom 3. They were eliminated on April 29, 2009 and finished in fifth place. In interviews after their elimination, Giraud says that they believed the "'Idol' judges' save wasn't a waste".
Giraud was a favorite of Joel Madden. It was also mentioned that Lady Gaga had told Matt they were sad to see them leave the show after being eliminated.
Performances/results
Giraud was initially eliminated, as they did not receive enough votes to advance immediately into the Finals. However, on the March 4 results show, Kara DioGuardi selected them as one of the 8 Wild Card contenders.
When Ryan Seacrest announced the results in the particular night, Giraud was in the bottom three, but declared safe second when Michael Sarver was eliminated.
Giraud received the lowest number of votes; however, the judges decided to use their one save for the season to allow them to remain in the competition, resulting in two eliminations the following week.
Due to the judges using their one save to save Giraud, the Top 7 remained intact for another week.
Post–Idol
Giraud appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and Today show on April 30, on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and Access Hollywood on May 4, and on Live with Regis and Kelly on May 6. On May 25, 2009, during a Larry King Live special featuring the Idol contestants who had finished in the top 10 that season, Giraud was named the "class clown" and the biggest flirt in the group.
Giraud performed with the rest of the eighth season contestants in American Idol Live Tour, running from July until September. Included in their set of songs were "Hard to Handle" by Otis Redding, "Georgia on My Mind" by Ray Charles, and "You Found Me" by The Fray. On March 11, 2010, on the American Idol "Results Show", Giraud performed "Tell Them About It" by Billy Joel with Scott MacIntyre.
Career
Giraud released an album called Perspective in 2003 and another in 2006 called Mind, Body and Soul.
Giraud's first solo tour started at January 29, 2010 at the Forest Hills Fine Arts Center in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
On March 11, 2010, on the American Idol "Results Show", Giraud performed "Tell Them About It" by Billy Joel with Scott MacIntyre.
Giraud recorded a cover of the song "You Don't Know Me" with Anna Wilson.
On August 9, 2010 they were featured as vocal on "Thank You" released by Jim Brickman.
Giraud performed at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville for the release of Anna Wilson's Countrypolitan Duets.
Giraud and July 3-0 were featured on DJ KELLR's song, "Jaded," that was released in January 2017.
Discography
2003: Perspective
2006: Mind, Body and Soul
"You Know"
"I'm Sorry"
"One Man Audience"
"You Saved Me"
"Could You Use a Love"
"Stay with Me"
"I Wanna Move"
"Angel"
"So You"
"Too Many Nights"
"First Time" (written by Tony Di Giulio/Matt Giraud
Personal life
Giraud is a Christian, and attends Gracespring Bible Church (formerly Richland Bible Church).
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American Idol official website (owned by Fox Interactive Media)
American Idol participants
21st-century American singers
American pop keyboardists
Singers from Michigan
People from Kalamazoo, Michigan
Western Michigan University alumni
1985 births
Living people
21st-century American pianists
American male pianists
21st-century American male singers
"Last Train to San Fernando" is a Trinidadian calypso song written by Sylvester DeVere, Randolph Padmore, and Mighty Dictator, the latter being a pseudonym for Kenny St. Bernard.
Johnny Duncan, a British-based American musician, recorded a skiffle version (accompanied by the Blue Grass Boys), which was a #2 hit on the UK Singles Chart in 1957. In the U.K., Duncan's recording was released by Columbia Records while in the U.S. it was released as a single by Capitol Records.
Among the other artists who recorded the song were The Duke of Iron in 1952 and Bobby Short in 1957.
Content
In the song, the narrator sings about meeting a woman named Dorothy who is to be married the next day to a member of "high society". Dorothy invites the narrator to take them to dinner, but requires them to be discreet so as not to damage their reputation and cause their wedding to be called off, and wants to be sure to "get back in time" for the last train of the night to San Fernando. In the words of writer Colin Escott, writing for Peter Guralnick's blog, "Ostensibly, [the song] was about trying to get the last train from Port of Spain back to San Fernando, but after hearing the West Indian versions, I came to believe that a woman was offering themselves for one last fling before getting married the following day."
Although the song is sometimes said to be about the termination of railway service to San Fernando, Trinidad Government Railway did not actually stop running passenger trains to the city until 1965, long after the song was written and became a hit; the "last train" referred to in the song is the last train of the night, not the last train permanently.
Charts
Reception
Among the fans of Duncan's recording were The Quarrymen, a skiffle band whose members included John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison, all of whom went to see Duncan perform the song live in Liverpool.
British writer Nik Cohn described Duncan's recording of "Last Train to San Fernando" as their "nomination for the best British record of the fifties", although they also said, "This isn't such a cosmic claim as it sounds. Check the opposition and you'll see that I'm taking no great chances."
References
1951 songs
1957 singles
Calypso songs
Skiffle songs
Songs about trains
Songs about Trinidad and Tobago
Emanuel "Manolo" Sánchez (born November 10, 1991) is a Puerto Rican retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Early career
Sanchez spent two years at the University of Louisville between 2010 and 2012, including a red-shirted year in 2010. They transferred to Clemson Tigers in January 2012. While at college, Sanchez appeared for USL PDL club Reading United AC during their 2013 and 2014 seasons.
New York Red Bulls
Sanchez was selected with the 79th overall pick in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by New York Red Bulls. On February 21, 2015, Sanchez scored their first goal for New York in a 1-0 pre-season victory over Oklahoma City Energy FC. They officially joined the club on March 3, 2015.
Sanchez made their professional debut on March 28, 2015, featuring for New York Red Bulls II during a 0–0 draw against Rochester Rhinos. On May 3, 2015, Sanchez scored their first goal as a professional for New York Red Bulls II in a 3–2 victory over Pittsburgh Riverhounds. Their performance against Pittsburgh earned Sanchez USL Team of the Week honors. On August 29, 2015, Sanchez opened the scoring for NYRBII in a 2–0 victory over Wilmington Hammerheads FC. On September 5, 2015, Sanchez scored the opening goal of the match for New York in a 3–2 victory over Louisville City FC. On September 26, 2015, Sanchez opened the scoring for New York Red Bulls II in a 4-2 extra time victory over Pittsburgh Riverhounds which advanced New York in the 2015 USL Playoffs.
San Antonio FC
Sanchez signed with United Soccer League side San Antonio FC on February 25, 2016. On May 7, Sanchez scored their first goal with the club in a 2–3 defeat to Rio Grande Valley FC Toros.
Harrisburg City Islanders
On March 21, 2017, Sánchez was announced as the new player for USL side Harrisburg City Islanders. They scored their first goal with Harrisburg on April 5, 2017, against their former team New York Red Bulls II.
South Georgia Tormenta FC
Sanchez was announced as a signing for then-PDL side South Georgia Tormenta on May 8, 2018. After appearances in the U.S. Open Cup and three regular season matches, Sanchez suffered a lower leg injury that kept them out for the remainder of the year.
On January 25, 2019, Sanchez announced their retirement from professional football.
International
Manolo Sánchez began training with the Puerto Rico national football team in December 2015, and played an exhibition match against New York City FC on December 11, 2015. On May 22, 2016, Sánchez made their first official appearance for Puerto Rico, starting in a friendly match against the United States. Following that match, Sánchez was called up for the 2017 Caribbean Cup Qualification where they started both matches of the second round where Puerto Rico faced Grenada and Antigua and Barbuda. On September 3, 2016, Sánchez scored their first and only goal for Puerto Rico with a penalty kick in a friendly match against India in their 4–1 defeat.
Career statistics
References
External links
Tigers profile
1991 births
Living people
Puerto Rican footballers
Puerto Rico international footballers
American soccer players
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Louisville Cardinals men's soccer players
Clemson Tigers men's soccer players
Reading United A.C. players
New York Red Bulls players
New York Red Bulls II players
San Antonio FC players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from Philadelphia
New York Red Bulls draft picks
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Percrocutidae is an extinct family of hyena-like feliform carnivores endemic to Asia, Africa, and Southern Europe from the Middle Miocene through the Pliocene, existing for about .
The first percrocutids are known from the middle Miocene of Europe and western Asia and belonged to the genus Percrocuta. Percrocuta already had large premolars, but did not carry such a massive bite as the later form Dinocrocuta, from the later Miocene. Originally, these carnivores were placed with the hyenas in the family Hyaenidae. Today, most scientists consider the Percrocutidae to be a distinct family - although usually as sister-taxa/immediate outgroup to Hyaenidae. Sometimes it is placed with the family Stenoplesictidae into the superfamily Stenoplesictoidea.
Taxonomy
Classification
The list follows McKenna and Bell's Classification of Mammals for prehistoric genera (1997). In contrast to McKenna and Bell's classification, they are not included as a subfamily into the Hyaenidae but as a separate family Percrocutidae.
References
Jordi Agustí: Mammoths, Sabertooths and Hominids 65 Million Years of Mammalian Evolution in Europe, Columbia University Press, 2002.
Miocene carnivorans
Prehistoric mammal families
Miocene first appearances
Piacenzian extinctions
Machalek is a surname, a variant of Michálek. Notable people with the surname include:
Richard Machalek (born 1946), American sociologist
Miloslav Machálek (born 1961), Czech football manager
Marzena Machałek (born 1960), Polish politician
Deprodone, also known as desolone, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid.
References
Diketones
Diols
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
The Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Virgin (Spanish: ) is the main church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cusco. The cathedral is located on the Plaza de Armas. The entire building was built between 1560-1654,
Adjacent and joined to the cathedral is the smaller Iglesia del Triunfo, the first Christian church to be built in Cusco. The Iglesia de la Compania de Jesus, also on the Plaza de Armas, was built at a similar time as the cathedral.
The Cathedral, in addition to its official status as a place of worship, has become a major repository of Cusco's colonial art. It also holds many archeological artifacts and relics. The cathedral was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site under the City of Cuzco listing in 1983.
History
Kiswarkancha
The Incas built the temple known as Kiswarkancha on the main square in Cusco. It was the Inca palace of Viracocha, ruler of the Kingdom of Cusco around a century before the Spanish colonists arrived. The aboriginal name of this city was Qusqu. Although it was used in Quechua, its origin has been found in the Aymara language. The word itself originated in the phrase qusqu wanka ("Rock of the owl"), attending to the foundational myth of the Ayar siblings.
Near to the Kiswarkancha was the Suntur Wasi, an armoury and heraldry centre for the Inca royalty. When the Spanish conquistadores arrived in Cuzco, they decided to take down the temple and build their Christian cathedral in that prominent site.
Basilica Cathedral of our Lady of Assumption
The cathedral's construction began in 1559 on the foundations of Kiswarkancha. It is shaped like a Latin cross. The location of Viracocha's palace was chosen for the purpose of removing the Inca religion from Cusco, and replacing it with Spanish Catholic Christianity. Because 1559 was only 26 years after the conquistadores entered Cusco in 1533, the vast majority of the population was still of Quechua Inca descent. The Spaniards used the Incas as a labour workforce to build the cathedral.
The original designs for the large construction were drawn by the Spanish architect and conquistador, Juan Miguel de Veramendi. Their design of a Latin cross shape incorporated a three-aisled nave, where the roof was supported by only 14 pillars. Over the 95 years of its construction, the building work was supervised by Spanish priests and architects, until its completion in 1654.
Most of the stones from the building were taken from Sacsayhuamán, an Inca holy and defensive structure located on the hills above Cusco. Due to its large size, much of Sacsayhuamán remains intact.
Just as the temple of Viracocha was removed and the holy stones of Sacsayhuamán were employed to build the cathedral, the intentional desecration of Inca religious architecture, once the Spaniards learned that the very sand spread on Cusco's main plaza was considered sacred, they removed it and employed it in the cathedral's mortar.
Architecture
The Gothic-Renaissance style of the cathedral reflects that of Spain during the period of the Spanish conquest of South America and also Cusco. There is also evidence of Baroque influence in the facade on the Plaza de Armas.
The Incas incorporated some of their religious symbolism into the cathedral, for example, the carved head of a jaguar (an important god or religious motif found widely through much of ancient Peru) is part of the cathedral doors.
Artifacts
Cathedral artifacts
There are many Catholic artifacts within the Cusco Cathedral, some of which are fine pieces of colonial craftsmanship. These include the following:
Altar: The cathedral has two altars, the original lambran (alder-tree) at the back, and in front of that, the neoclassical embossed silver altar, which is currently used. The silver altar was originally cedar wood covered in gold flakes, but in 1803 (according to the inscription on the front of the silver panel), Heras Bishop donated the silver to be beaten and applied to the altar.
Maria Angola Bell: The north tower of the cathedral supports the famous Maria Angola, a bell that is 2.15 metres high, and weighs approximately 5980 kg. It was cast in 1659 and named, according to local tradition, after an Angolan slave who threw gold into the crucible where the bell was being made. As the bell is cracked, it is rung only on special occasions. It has been claimed that the bell is audible from more than 20 miles away.
Sacristy: The sacristy, a highly decorated part of the cathedral, displays a large collection of allegoric paintings by Marcos Zapata from the 18th century. Also, many portraits of Cusco's bishops hang in the cathedral, beginning with Vicente de Valverde (see 'artwork'), the first resident bishop of Cusco. Within the sacristy, a large, dark painting of the crucifixion is commonly attributed to the Dutch artist, Anthony van Dyck. Some local guides say it is the work of the Spanish artist Alonso Cano, from the 17th century.
Christ of the Earthquakes: This wooden crucifix is black from centuries of smoke and dust. The Black Christ was not cleaned during restoration of the cathedral interior in the 1990s, when the burning of candles was ended. The crucifix is taken outdoors each year in the Lord of Miracles Procession during Holy Week, the Monday after Palm Sunday, in commemoration of the 1650 earthquake.
Artwork
Much of the artwork in the cathedral originated from the Escuela Cuzquena (Cusco School of art). This was a school that was built by the Spanish to educate the Incas and their descendants with the methods and disciplines of European renaissance style artwork. This school was famous throughout the colonial Americas, but the Quechua painters were limited to painting scenes of European and Catholic importance. The restrictions imposed on the Inca artists meant that they were not permitted to sign their own artwork, so much of it is unidentifiable. Here is a list of some of the most notable pieces found within the cathedral:
Pintura Senor de los Temblores. The oldest surviving painting in Cusco, which depicts the whole of the ancient city during the 1650 earthquake. Many of the townspeople can be seen carrying a crucifix (see the 'Cathedral Artifacts' section) around the Plaza de Armas, praying for the tremor to end.
Vicente de Valverde. A portrait of the friar who became a bishop at Cusco, after accompanying Francisco Pizarro on their conquests.
Christ's 12 Parables. An incomplete collection of twelve paintings by the Quechuan artist Diego Quispe Tito. There were initially twelve canvases (completed in 1681) to depict the twelve months and zodiac symbols of the year, incorporating the parables of Jesus into the pictures.
Iglesia del Triunfo
The Church of Triumph, to use its English translation, was built in 1538, just three years after the conquistadores settled in Cusco. It was built over Suntur Wasi, which was an Inca ceremonial building adjoining the palace of Viracocha, in a similar way to the way that the Cathedral is now adjoined to the earlier Iglesia del Triunfo.
The name of the Church of Triumph derives from the history of the Spanish settlers in Cusco. At one point, presumably between 1533, and 1536, the Spanish were cornered by a besieging army of Incas, led by Manko Inka. The final stand for the Spanish was in the Suntur Wasi, before its demolition, and just as it seemed that they were on the verge of defeat, the Spanish miraculously managed to drive back the Incas. The Catholic conquistadores attributed this victory to Saint James the Greater (the patron saint of Spain), who was reported at the time to descend from heaven to drive back the Incas. This is why the church is called the Church of Triumph, and also why there is a statue of St. James atop a horse within the Church, depicting them slaying an Inca.
See also
List of buildings and structures in Cusco
Notes
Roman Catholic churches in Cusco
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Peru
1538 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1538
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1654
Plateresque architecture in Peru
Basilica churches in Peru
Tourist attractions in Cusco Region
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Peru
Red Raider Rampart () is a rugged ice and rock wall just east of the juncture of the Gatlin and McGregor Glaciers, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Named by the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition (1964–65) for the student body of Texas Tech University (then known as Texas Technological College), whose athletic teams are known as the Red Raiders.
Rock formations of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
"Baby" is a song by American rapper Fabolous featuring Mike Shorey. It is the second single from Fabolous' third studio album Real Talk. The song reached #17 in the Hot Rap Tracks chart and #22 in the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, although only managed #71 in the Billboard 100. The song failed to make a big impact on the UK Chart, where it missed out on the top 40 following its release. It contains a replay, not a sample of "I Can't Help It" by Michael Jackson, lyrics from "2 Bad" by Michael Jackson and of "Breakadawn" by De La Soul. (Replayed by J remy of Orange Factory Music) The chorus also samples "Big Poppa" by The Notorious B.I.G. Rev Run makes a cameo appearance at the end of the music video.
Charts
Release history
References
2005 singles
Fabolous songs
Songs written by Fabolous
Songs written by Stevie Wonder
Songs written by Susaye Greene
2004 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Gamsjager–Wysong Farm, also known as the Old Gamsjager Place, is a historic farmhouse located at St. Clara, Doddridge County, West Virginia. It was built in 1906, and is a two-story, rectangular German-style farmhouse with a two-story rear wing. It has a steeply pitched roof and sits on a sandstone foundation. Also on the property is a cellar house and 19th-century German bank barn.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Houses completed in 1906
Houses in Doddridge County, West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Doddridge County, West Virginia
German-American culture in West Virginia
1906 establishments in West Virginia
Philippe Bouvatier (born 12 June 1964) is a French former professional road bicycle racer. They competed in the team time trial event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1981
3rd, Road World Championships, Juniors
1982
1st, Duo Normand (with Bruce Péan)
1st, National Road Championships, Juniors
1984
2nd, Paris–Troyes
3rd, Tour de L'Avenir
1986
Vuelta a Murcia
2nd, Stage 3
2nd, Stage 4a
1988
1st, Duo Normand (with Thierry Marie)
1st, Lisieux Criterium
1st, Polynormande
3rd, Chrono des Herbiers
1990
2nd, Riom
1991
1st, Stage 4, Tour Méditerranéen
1st, Amiens
1992
3rd, Izegem
1994
3rd, Grand Prix d'Isbergues
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Rouen
Cyclists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of France
Cyclists from Normandy
Our Problem is an album by British metal band Iron Monkey released in 1998. The album caused controversy, mainly due to its artwork, which was produced by underground cartoonist Mike Diana. Extreme music magazine, Terrorizer, included the album at number 7 in its list of the top 20 Sludge Metal albums, published in issues 187-188.
Track listing
References
1998 albums
Iron Monkey (band) albums
Earache Records albums
Albums produced by Andy Sneap
The Bounty shag (Leucocarbo ranfurlyi), also known as the Bounty Island shag, is a species of cormorant of the family Phalacrocoracidae. They are found only on the tiny and remote Subantarctic Bounty Islands, 670 km southeast of New Zealand. Its natural habitats are open seas and rocky shores. In 2005 618 individuals were counted (with roughly 410 mature ones) and the population seems to have remained stable since.
Some taxonomic authorities, including the International Ornithologists' Union, place this species in the genus Leucocarbo. Others place it in the genus Phalacrocorax.
Description
Size; 71 cm. Large, black-and-white cormorant. Black head, hind neck, lower back, rump, uppertail-coverts, all with metallic blue sheen. White underparts. Pink feet. White patches on wings appear as bar when folded. Caruncles absent. Voice: Male makes call during displays only.
IUCN classifies this species as Vulnerable because its very small population and breeding range renders it susceptible to stochastic events and human impacts. The Bounty Islands are a nature reserve and are free of introduced predators. In 1998, they were declared part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The islands are uninhabited and are seldom visited, so human interference is minimal.
References
External links
Species factsheet - BirdLife International
Bounty shag
Birds of the Bounty Islands
Bounty shag
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of New Zealand
St Mary's Chapel is a former Anglican parish church in the village of High Legh, Cheshire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
History
The chapel was built around 1581 as a chapel of ease to High Legh East Hall. High Legh became a separate parish in 1817. The parish was refounded in 1973 with the nearby St John's Church as the parish church. The hall has been demolished. The church was restored in 1836, another restoration was carried out by William Butterfield in 1858, and the chancel, designed by John Oldrid Scott, was added in 1884.
Architecture
Exterior
The chapel is built in ashlar stone with a tiled roof. Its plan consists of a nave with aisles and a chancel. On the west front is a central porch with pilasters. Above the porch is a three-light Perpendicular window and on each side are two light perpendicular windows. On the gable is a square bell turret with a single bell. On the east front is a four-light 19th-century Perpendicular-style window.
Interior
The ceiling has 19th-century pargeting with Tudor roses, fleurs de lys and stars. The pews in the nave dated 1858 are by Butterfield and the wainscotting and screens of 1884 by are by J. Oldrid Scott.
External features
To mark the advent of the third millennium a carved stone was erected in the grounds of the chapel.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Cheshire East
Listed buildings in High Legh
References
External links
Information about the stained glass from the Corpus Vitrearum Medii Aevi (CVMA) of Great Britain
Churches completed in 1581
16th-century Church of England church buildings
Churches completed in 1836
Churches completed in 1884
Chapels in England
High Legh
Church of England church buildings in Cheshire
English Gothic architecture in Cheshire
Gothic Revival architecture in Cheshire
Diocese of Chester
1581 establishments in England
Adrian Cox (born 8 September 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the AFL.
A half back flanker, Cox was a strong rebound player and used their pace to run the ball up the wing. They had a trademark bald head which made them instantly recognisable on the field and made their debut in 1999 after being a member of the pre season premiership side.
As playing coach, they steered Sale to a West Gippsland Latrobe Football League premiership in 2008.
External links
Profile at Hawksheadquarters
1980 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Hawthorn Football Club players
Gippsland Power players
Sale Football Club players
Sale Football Club coaches
Gesine Cukrowski (born 23 October 1968) is a German actor.
Filmography
1989: Praxis Bülowbogen (4 episodes)
1991: Aufstand der Dinge
1994: Und tschüss! (13 episodes)
1994: Praxis Bülowbogen (11 episodes)
1995: Rosa Roth: Verlorenes Leben
1995: Und tschüss auf Mallorca
1996: Schwurgericht: Ein Kind war Zeuge
1996: Und tschüss in Amerika
1996: Mein Papa ist kein Mörder
1996: Blutige Rache
1996: 60 Minuten Todesangst
1998: Die Schläfer
1998: Tatort: Engelchen flieg
1998: SOKO 5113: Der Überläufer
1998-2007: Der letzte Zeuge (71 episodes)
1999: T.E.A.M. Berlin: Der Verrat
2000: Kilimanjaro: How to Spell Love
2000: Der Bulle von Tölz: Tödliches Dreieck
2000: Die Kommissarin: Abschiedskonzert
2001: Bel Ami - Liebling der Frauen
2002: Donna Leon - Venezianisches Finale
2002: Edel & Starck: Seitensprung am Weidezaun
2002: FearDotCom
2003: Wunschkinder und andere Zufälle
2003: Donna Leon: Acqua Alta
2003: Balko: Der Racheengel
2003: Ein Fall für zwei: Nebengeschäfte
2003: Der Bestseller: Wiener Blut
2004: Lieben und Töten
2004: Der Bestseller
2004: Judith Kemp
2004: Wolffs Revier: Spätfolge
2005: Das Duo: Man lebt nur zweimal
2005: Krieg der Frauen
2005: Die Spielerin
2005: Die Hochzeit meiner Töchter
2006:
2006: Rettet die Weihnachtsgans
2006: Das Duo: Man lebt nur zweimal
2006: Eine Robbe zum Verlieben
2007: Eine Robbe und das große Glück
2007: Alarm für Cobra 11 - Die Autobahnpolizei: Entführt
2007:
2007: Das letzte Aufgebot
2007: Annas Albtraum kurz nach 6
2007: Der Kriminalist: Dunkles Geheimnis
2008:
2008: Tatort: Blinder Glaube
2008: Ein Fall für zwei: Geplatzte Träume
2009: Zwischen heute und morgen
2009: Licht über dem Wasser
2009: Faktor 8 - Der Tag ist gekommen
2009: Die Bremer Stadtmusikanten
2009: Unter anderen Umständen: Auf Liebe und Tod
2010: Nemesis
2010: Das Duo: Mordbier
2010: Morgen musst Du sterben
2010: Tulpen aus Amsterdam
2010: Racheengel - Ein eiskalter Plan
2011: Leipzig Homicide: Letzter Abend DDR
2011: Marie Brand und die letzte Fahrt
2011: Flemming: Sexsüchtig
2011: Der Staatsanwalt: Tödlicher Pakt
2011: Ein starkes Team: Am Abgrund
2011: Familie für Fortgeschrittene
2011: Weihnachten ... ohne mich, mein Schatz!
2012: Emilie Richards: Spuren der Vergangenheit
2012: Dora Heldt: Bei Hitze ist es wenigstens nicht kalt
2012: Notruf Hafenkante: Der Prozess
2013: Fliegen lernen
2013: Ein Sommer in Portugal
2013: Cologne P.D.: Der stille Mord
2013: Herzensbrecher - Vater von vier Söhnen
2013: Grenzgang
2013: SOKO 5113: Es bleibt in der Familie
2014: Die Spiegel-Affäre
2014: Katie Fforde: Geschenkte Jahre
2014: Gegen den Sturm!
2014: Das Traumschiff: Mauritius
2015: Der Bergdoktor (3 episodes)
since 2015: Letzte Spur Berlin
2015: Ein starkes Team: Tödliches Vermächtnis
2016: Heiter bis tödlich: Akte Ex - Die Lüge
2016: Inga Lindström: Familienbande
2016: Wilsberg: Mord und Beton
2017: The Old Fox: Therapie für Tote
2017: Alarm für Cobra 11 - Die Autobahnpolizei: Die verlorenen Kinder
2018: Katie Fforde: Mama allein zu Haus
2018: Doppelzimmer für drei
2018: Der Richter
References
1968 births
Living people
Actresses from Berlin
German film actores
German stage actores
German television actores
20th-century German actores
21st-century German actores
Qrocodiledundee is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at one described species in Qrocodiledundee, Q. outbackense. Unsurprisingly, it is found in Australia.
References
Microgastrinae
Carl Eduard Gruner (in English, often referred to as Charles Edward Gruner) was a Basel-born Swiss engineer, manager of the Swissboring Company and later on a partner at the "Gruner Brothers" ("Gebr. Gruner", today "Gruner Group") engineering company. They made considerable contributions to many projects in Europe. the Middle East, Central Asia and South America, most particularly the construction of the Trans-Iranian Railway, in which they participated as a Sector Engineer.
During the Second World War (1939–1941 and 1943–1946) Gruner was in charge of several military construction works in their homeland. Between 1941 and 1943 they were in charge of railways and power plants construction in Norway. From 1946 they were mainly involved in projects outside Europe. In 1947 they experienced the death of their father, Heinrich Gruner, who had established an engineering company of their own in 1862. In 1948, Gruner became partner in their late father's company. As the responsible for the Public Works Department, Gruner directed the construction of power plants, railways and irrigation systems in India, Pakistan, Syria, Sudan and Uruguay.
In 1976 they were asked by a subcommittee of the United Nations General Assembly to survey the damage caused to the Syrian town of Quneitra during the Israel-Syrian wars in 1967 and in 1973. Gruner worked with team of Swiss engineers and military experts, who lived in the town for four months and examined every recognizable structure. They concluded that some damage had been caused by the warfare, however most of the damage had been the result of deliberate destruction by heavy machinery. Gruner's report served as a confirmation of the Syrian allegation that Israel deliberately destroyed the town after the 1973 War, before handing it back to Syrian civil control according to the ceasefire agreements. The UN General Assembly adopted their report.
References
Swiss railway mechanical engineers
Golan Heights
1984 deaths
1905 births
Bender Dragoon Regiment (Benderska Dragonregementet) was a Swedish Dragoon regiment, raised from Swedish soldiers in Bender, Moldova, then in the Ottoman Empire. The regiment contained two squadrons, each of four troops. The regiment was commanded by Colonel Anders Koskull. After leaving the Ottoman Empire, the regiment participated in the defence of Swedish Pomerania and Stralsund. The survivors were in 1716 transferred to the German Dragoon Regiment.
References
Literature
Christian Braunstein, Svenska arméns uniformer, Stockholm 2013.
Lars-Eric Högberg, Stora Nordiska Kriget 1700-1712, Karlstad 2000.
Carl Otto Nordensvan, Svenska arméns regementen 1700-1718, Lund 1920.
Cavalry regiments of Sweden
Disbanded units and formations of Sweden
Military units and formations established in 1712
Military units and formations disestablished in 1716
Edyta Koryzna (born 19 March 1973 in Białystok) is a Polish former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Polish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Białystok
Van Dam's vanga (Xenopirostris damii) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. Males may be identified by their black hood whereas females have only a black cap.
Conservation Status
At present, the species is endangered under the ICUN Species Red List. It has a decreasing population trend of between 1500 and 7000 individuals. The species inhabits a very small range, isolated to just two confirmed sites, one of which is the Ankarafantsika National Park. Its habitat is under increasing pressure from human encroachment and fire.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Van Dam's vanga
Van Dam's vanga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
1965 saw Boca Juniors win the league title and Independiente retain their Copa Libertadores title.
Primera División
The Primera was expanded from 16 to 18 teams in 1965.
League table
Relegation
There was no relegation due to the expansion of the Primera División from 18 to 20 teams.
Copa Libertadores
Boca Juniors and River Plate qualified for Copa Libertadores 1966 via the league, Independiente qualified as the Libertadores champions of 1965.
Copa Libertadores 1965
Independiente: Champions
Boca Juniors: Semi-finalist
References
Argentina 1965 by Pablo Ciullini at rsssf.
Copa Libertadores 1965 by José Luis Pierrend, John Beuker, Osvaldo José Gorgazzi and Karel Stokkermans at rsssf.
Seasons in Argentine football
Argentine
pl:I liga argentyńska w piłce nożnej (1965)
Okinawa 1st district is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan (national legislature). It is located in Okinawa Prefecture and encompasses the city of Naha and parts of Shimajiri District (Kumejima, Tokashiki, Zamami, Aguni, Tonaki, Minamidaitō, Kitadaitō). As of 2016, 270,872 eligible voters were registered in the district.
The district has been represented by Seiken Akamine of the Japanese Communist Party (JCP) since the 2014 general election, when they defeated the incumbent member Kōnosuke Kokuba from the Liberal Democratic Party. Akamine is the only JCP politician in the country to currently hold a single-seat constituency.
Background
The 1994 electoral reforms split Okinawa's at-large constituency into four single-district constituencies. In the first three elections after the reforms, Okinawa's 1st district was won by Tai'ichi Shiraho of New Frontier Party and later New Kōmeitō (NKP). The district also features several significant voting blocs. The reliable and sizable Soka Gakkai voting bloc in Naha helped to deliver the district to Shiraho in those elections. The Japanese Communist Party (JCP) has also maintained a relatively large share of vote in the district, banking on the urban voter support and local opposition to the US military bases in Okinawa. Another bloc consists of corporate workers that tend to support the LDP.
In the 2014 general election, the district was won by JCP's Seiken Akamine. Akamine's election was a watershed as it marked the first time a JCP candidate managed to win a single-seat constituency since the 1996 general election. This is also only the third constituency JCP has won since the introduction of parallel voting. The anti-base camp aligned to Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga created an alliance behind Akamine to oppose the LDP incumbent at that time, Kōnosuke Kokuba. Kokuba supports the relocation of the US air base in Futenma to Henoko, following the policy of the LDP and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The centre-right vote was split further with the candidacy of former representative Mikio Shimoji. A strong anti-base vote and the split in the centre-right camp delivered the district to Akamine, completing JCP's surge in the election.
Akamine retained the district in the 2017 general election despite the JCP losing seats across the country. Akamine managed to keep the anti-base camp solidly behind him, giving them a slightly larger majority than 2014.
List of representatives
Election results
References
Districts of the House of Representatives (Japan)
Sag Harbor Whaling Museum is dedicated to the port town's past within the American whaling industry. It houses the largest collection of whaling equipment in the state of New York.
Building
The building that now houses the museum was built in 1845 by prosperous merchant whaler Benjamin Huntting II at the height of the town's maritime prosperity. Designed by Minard Lafever, the house is an elaborate Greek revival structure with a temple-front portico and fluted Corinthian columns. In an unusual homage to the source of Huntting's fortune, Lafever edged the roofline with a row of decorative crenellation in the form of alternating flensing knives and blubber spades. An enormous pair of whale jawbones frame the front door. Inside, an elegant staircase spirals upward toward a domed skylight. The AIA Architectural Guide calls it "Long Island's finest example of high style Greek revival architecture." The house is "enormous in scale" compared to the usual American Greek Revival houses of the era, and the architect embellished it with some eclectic touches.
In 1907 the house was purchased by philanthropist Margaret Olivia Slocum Sage (Mrs. Russell Sage), who lived there in the summers until their death in 1918.
It then became a Masonic Temple in 1920. In 1945 the lower floors were acquired by the whaling museum, though the upper floor is still owned and used by the Freemasons. The building has been open to the public since 1945 as the Sag Harbor Whaling Museum.
Whaling museum
The museum is filled with the equipment of the whaling ships: guns, try pots, flensing knives, blubber spades, figureheads, and a large collection of scrimshaw carvings etched on whale ivory. In the Harpoon Room, harpoons line the walls along with whale vertebrae and shipbuilding tools. Elsewhere are paintings of 19th-century whale hunts.
The museum owns the entire building, allowing the Masonic Lodge to meet upstairs.
See also
List of maritime museums in the United States
References
External links
Sag Harbor Whaling Museum website
Whaling in the United States
Whaling museums
Whaling Museum
Greek Revival houses in New York (state)
Masonic buildings in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1845
Maritime museums in New York (state)
Museums in Suffolk County, New York
Industry museums in New York (state)
History museums in New York (state)
Neopotamia triloba is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is grey with brown-grey suffusions. The strigulae (fine streaks) and dots are dark grey and blackish grey. The hindwings are creamish brown.
Etymology
The specific name refers to the termination of the postbasal process of the basal cavity of the valva forming three lobes.
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Antiguo Autómata Mexicano is the stage name of Mexican techno (as well as IDM) producer,
Ángel Sánchez Borges. Borges was born in 1971, in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico. Borges is also an experimental video artist, but is perhaps most well known for their somewhat acclaimed album, Kraut Slut, released in 2007. Their most recent album, called Chez Nobody, was released in 2009. Sanchez has also recorded as Seekers Who Are Lovers, releasing the Are the Pride of Your Street EP.
References
External links
AllMusic
1971 births
Living people
Musicians from Monterrey
Mexican electronic musicians
Mexican DJs
Electronic dance music DJs
Tilt Rock () is an isolated rock peak, rising to about 670 m, situated 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) inland from the George VI Ice Shelf of George VI Sound and 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Block Mountain in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica. This rock formation was first photographed from the air on November 23, 1935, by Lincoln Ellsworth and later mapped from these photos by W.L.G. Joerg. Roughly surveyed from the ground in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition and resurveyed in 1948-49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. So named by FIDS because of its tilted and possibly unstable appearance.
Rock formations on Alexander Island
Białystok Voivodeship () was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland from 1944 to 1975, when its purview was separated into eastern Suwałki Voivodeship, Łomża Voivodeship and Białystok Voivodeship (1975–1998). Its capital city was Białystok. The establishment of Podlaskie Voivodeship in 1999 was essentially a reunion of the areas of Białystok Voivodeship (1945–1975).
The area's administrative region of 1950 amounted to 23 201 square kilometers, which was later reduced to 23 153 square kilometers. In 1946 the population approximately 941 000 and in 1970 it had approximately 1 176 000 inhabitants.
Politics
From 1945 to 1950 served as Voivodes Jerzy Sztachelski, Stefan Dybowski, Stanisław Krupka and Julian Horodecki.
Formation of the Voivodeship party structure
Creation of its structures began only after July 27, 1944, when the Soviet Armed Forces entered Bialystok. In August this year the PPR Provincial Committee was created. It should be added that none of the members of this committee they were not formally a member of this party. First members in the Bialystok Voivodeship
they were not admitted to the Polish Workers' Party until August 21, 1944, during a meeting of the Provincial Committee. Following the unification of the PPS and PPR, The Polish United Workers' Party in the Białystok Voivodeship included about 16 thousand former PPR members and 3.5 thousand members of the former PPS. Secretaries 73% newly
created basic party organizations were members of the former Polish Workers' Party, while members of the asupervisorstioned party organizations were appointed deputy secretaries
PPS.
On December 23, 1948, during the meeting of the provincial committees of the former PPR and PPS, the Provincial Committee and the executive committee of the Polish United Workers' Party in Bialystok were elected. Mieczysław Tureniec from the PPR was elected the first secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party
and Stefan Dąbek from the former PPS as Second Secretary.
In 1944 to 1956, the function of the first secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party Voivodeship Committee in Bialystok was held by the following
people: Edwarda Orłowska (1944-1945), Mieczysław Bodalski (1945-1947), Mieczysław Tureniec, Józef Faruga, Józef Rygliszyn, Grzegorz Wojciechowski, Stanisław Brodziński and Jan Jabłoński. On the wave of October 1956 transformations, for a period of less than three weeks
Antoni Laskowski was the secretary. Arkadiusz Łaszewicz took this position in November 1956 following the political overhaul which followed the Polish October.
Voivodeship National Council
At the state apparatus level, Bialystok Voivodeship National Council (the Voivodeship regional parliament) was created The first, inaugural meeting of the Voivodeship National Council in 57a Warszawska street in Bialystok was held on August 28, 1944, with 23 members. dr Jerzy Sztachelski, was elected as the chairperson, the vice-chairpeople in the persons of Jakub Antoniuk and Władysław Nieśmiałek and the secretary general - Tadeusz Jackowski. The creation of WRN from Bialystok took place on the basis of the Provisional Statute of the National Councils. Due to Sztachelski's appointment as Voivode, at the meeting of the Voivodeship National Council on October 21, 1944, Jan Kuśniarek was appointed to replace them as the head of that body with Jakub Antoniuk as deputy and Bolesław Sokół and Eugenia Krassowska as members of the presidium. In February 1945 Tadeusz Jackowski became the head with Bolesław Podedworny as their deputy and Edward Orłowska, Bolesław Sokół and Eugenia Krassowska as members of the presidium. It was later led by Julian Horodecki (14.04.1950–13.04.1952), Mieczysław Moczar (22.04.1952–15.12.1954), Józef Szczęśniak (15.04.1954–01.12.1956), Stanisław Juchnicki (01.12.1956–07.02.1958), Jerzy Popko (07.12.1958–21.11.1962), Stefan Żmijko (21.11.1962–04.03.1972 and Zygmunt Sprycha (04.03.1972–12.12.1973)
History
In early 1944, when the Red Army crossed the Polish frontier before the war, the Bialystok Voivodeship was divided administratively by the German-occupied areas incorporated into the Third Reich (Bezirk Bialystok) and the occupied territories of the USSR (Reich Commissariat East).
Over the next months, the front moved into the pre-war Polish territory. However, according to the findings of the Tehran Conference of 1943, it was known that the pre-war Polish eastern territories would be incorporated into the Soviet Union and eastern territories of Germany would be incorporated into Polish (more precisely define these territorial changes occurred during the Yalta Conference and the Potsdam Conference ). For this reason, the Polish territories occupied by the Red Army in early 1944 did not create the Polish administration. Only after crossing the line in July 1944 the Bug, which would be the future eastern border of Poland, Polish authorities were established in the form of the Polish Committee of National Liberation (PCNL).
A month after the start of its operations, PCNL issued the Decree of the Polish Committee of National Liberation of August 21, 1944 on the Procedure for the appointment of general administration authorities and second instance, which came into force on 22 August 1944. In this decree (Article 11), it abolished the administrative structure introduced by Germany and restored the Bialystok Voivodeship administrative divisions from the Second Polish Republic. At the time, the front line ran in front of the Vistula and Narew, and the formal authority PKWN had been only in part of the pre-war Bialystok Voivodeship.
29 September 1944, administration of 17 (of the 23) districts of Belastok Region (including the city of Białystok) and an additional three (Siemiatycze, Hajnówka and Kleszczele) of the Brest Region was passed to the Polish Committee of National Liberation from the Byelorussian SSR.
31 December 1944 the Provisional Government of the Republic of Poland replaced the Polish Committee of National Liberation.
14 March 1945 the Provisional Government of the Republic of Poland made the initial administrative division of the German lands included in the Polish (so-called Recovered Territories ), even before taking all of these areas, creating them four administrative districts do not have the status of regions: Region I (Opole Silesia), District II (Lower Silesia), District III (West Pomerania), District IV (Mazury).
The Border Agreement between Poland and the USSR of 16 August 1945 established the borders between the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) and the Republic of Poland. It was signed by the Provisional Government of National Unity ().
August 18, 1945 transferred Lomza County from the Warsaw Voivodeship to the Białystok Voivodeship.
September 25, 1945 part of the counties of the Recovered Territories transmitted under the management of the Białystok Voivodeship (Gołdap, Ełk and Olecko) from District IV (Mazury). These districts have provisionally become parts of the Voivodeship, although de jure continue to form part of Recovered Territories (MP, 1945 No. 29, item. 77). On June 28, 1946, the areas of the Recovered Territories assigned to Białystok Voivodeship were formally transferred.
Some cities lost civic rights without joining larger neighboring cities: Dąbrowa Białostocka*, Kleszczele*, Krynki, Sokoły, Suchowola*, Tykocin* (1950)
1 July 1952 created Siemiatycze County.
1954 the following Counties were created: hajnowski, łapy, moniecki, zambrow
Between 1954 and 1972, gromadas formed the lowest tier of local government in the voivodeship, taking over the role previously played by gminy. A gromada would generally consist of several villages, but they were smaller units than the gminy had been. In 1973 gminy were reintroduced and gromadas abolished.
1956 the following counties were created: dąbrowski (białostocki), sejneński
Administrative divisions
Województwo białostockie (1946)
Województwo białostockie
List of Counties in 1967:
City Counties: Białystok. (1)
Land Counties: Augustów, Białystok, Bielsk Podlaski, Dąbrowa Białostocka, Ełk, Gołdap, Grajewo, Hajnówka, Kolno, Łapy, Łomża, Mońki, Olecko, Sejny, Siemiatycze, Sokółka, Suwałki, Wysokie Mazowieckie, Zambrów. (19)
Adjacent voivodeships
The Voivodeship shares a border on the east with the Olsztyn Voivodeship, the southwest with the Warsaw Voivodeship, the south with the Lublin Voivodeship, the north with the RSFSR's Kaliningrad Oblast, the northeast with the Lithuanian SSR and the east with the Byelorussian SSR.
See also
Białystok Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Białystok Voivodeship (1975–1998)
References
Further reading
Brzostek, Agnieszka. Przyczynek do działalności Wojewódzkiej Rady Narodowej w Białymstoku w latach 1944–1950. Studia Podlaskie T. 15, 2005, pp. 187–202
Former voivodeships of Poland (1945–1975)
Kuna High School is a public high school in Kuna, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Kuna Joint School District #3, located in southwest Ada County, west of Boise and south of Meridian. The school colors are black and gold and the mascot is a Kaveman.
Athletics
Kuna competes in athletics in IHSAA Class 5A in the Southern Idaho Conference (5A) (SIC).
References
External links
Public high schools in Idaho
Schools in Ada County, Idaho
Treasure Valley
Choës (Greek: Χοές; ) is the name of a studio album by Greek-Cypriot composer and producer Giorgos Theofanous. It was released on 29 March 2015 by Radio Proto in a special edition as a covermount with the Sunday edition of the Cypriot newspaper Simerini in Cyprus, on the occasion of the 60th Anniversary of the EOKA Cyprus Liberation Struggle (1955 - 1959).
The album includes poems by the Cypriot poet and former Minister of Education and Culture of Cyprus Claire Angelides about the heroes of EOKA, that were set to music by Giorgos Theofanous and interpreted by Greek popular singers Marinella, Kostas Makedonas and Dimos Anastasiadis. The presentation of the album was held at the Imprisoned Graves, in the presence of the President of the Republic of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades, on 27 March 2015.
Track listing
"Fones iroon" (Φωνές ηρώων; Heroes' voices) – 2:32
"I iroes" (Οι ήρωες; The heroes) – 3:06
"Dio Despines (Markos Drakos)" (Δυο Δέσποινες; Two Despinas) – 4:20
"Simeoforos (Petrakis Giallouros)" (Σημαιοφόρος; Standard bearer) – 3:22
"I istoria tou, mikri (Andreas Paraskevas)" (Η ιστορία του, μικρή; Their story was short) – 3:08
"Zeibekiko (Andreas Panayidis)" (Ζεϊμπέκικο) – 3:31
"Stous Tesseris tou Achirona (Andreas Karyos, Elias Papakyriakou, Fotis Pittas, Christos Samaras)" (Στους Τέσσερις του Αχυρώνα; Dedicated to the Four of Achirona) – 4:50
"Charontas (Michalis Karaolis)" (Χάροντας; Charon) – 3:08
"O megalos nekros mas (Michalakis Paridis)" (Ο μεγάλος νεκρός μας; Our Great dead) – 3:09
"Mana (Loukia Papageorgiou)" (Μάνα; Mother) – 4:45
"Louloudas (Dimitrakis Dimitriou)" (Λουδουδάς; Florist) – 3:17
"Beethoven (Andreas Zakos)" (Μπετόβεν) – 2:35
"Esy anevikes ta skalopatia… (Evagoras Pallikaridis)" (Εσύ ανέβηκες τα σκαλοπάτια; You have climbed the stairs) – 4:50
"Defte lavete Fos" (Δεύτε λάβετε Φως; Come receive the Light) – 3:22
Credits and personnel
Personnel
Marinella - vocals on tracks 1, 2, 7 and 10
Kostas Makedonas - vocals on tracks 3, 4, 6, 8 and 13, background vocals on track "Stous Tesseris tou Achirona"
Dimos Anastasiadis - vocals on tracks 5, 9 and 12
Giorgis Tsouris - narrative
Marina Verzanli - vocals on track "Louloudas"
Evangelos Drouzas - vocals on track "Defte lavete Fos", background vocals
Konstantinos Papachristodoulou, Georgios Vlachopoulos, Apostolos Kalpakidis, Georgios Romiliotis - background vocals
Giorgos Theofanous - piano
Leonidas Tzitzos - keyboard
Giannis Grigoriou - bass
Grigoris Syntridis - drums, percussion
Phoebus Zacharopoulos - guitar
Stavros Papagiannopoulos - bouzouki, baglamas
Michalis Porfiris - cello
Alexandros Arkadopoulos - wind
Hercules Vavatsikas - accordion
Production and design
Giorgos Theofanous - producer
Leonidas Tzitzos - arranger and conductor
Ilias Lakkas - recording engineer in the studio "Odeon"
Babis Mpiris - recording engineer in the studio "Bikay"
Nikolas Ntimas - recording engineer on track "Louloudas"
Giota Efthimiou - artwork
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
References
2015 albums
Giorgos Theofanous albums
Albums produced by Giorgos Theofanous
Greek-language albums
The EO Media Group is a newspaper publishing company based in the U.S. state of Oregon. It publishes 17 newspapers in the state and in southwestern Washington.
History
The company, which has been family-owned for four generations, was previously known as the East Oregonian Publishing Company. It is owned by the Aldrich and Forrester families, members of which previously owned several newspapers (including the East Oregonian and The Daily Astorian) independently. The connection between the East Oregonian and The Daily Astorian dates to 1909, when several East Oregonian staffers bought the Astoria Budget, which was later merged with the Astorian. In 1973, the father and son (J. W. Forrester, Jr. and Michael A. Forrester) who had been publishing the East Oregonian and the Daily Astorian switched positions.
The company acquired the Blue Mountain Eagle in 1979, the Chinook Observer in 1988, the Capital Press in 1991, The Hermiston Herald in 2008, and Seaside Signal in 2003.
In 2014, the EO Media Group partnered with the Pamplin Media Group, which publishes the Portland Tribune and 24 other weekly and monthly publications in Oregon, to form the Oregon Capital Bureau and publish the Oregon Capital Insider newsletter. The partnership came as the number of reporters assigned to state capital bureaus nationwide was on the decline. In 2018, the newly-launched Salem Reporter joined the bureau, and its publisher, Les Zaitz, was assigned to lead its three reporters. As of spring 2020, the Salem Reporter and Zaitz are no longer part of the Oregon Capital Bureau .
The Aldrich-Forrester-Bedford-Brown family, which owns the EO Media Group, was covered in the 2018 book Grit and Ink: An Oregon Family's Adventures in Newspapering, 1908–2018 by William F. Willingham. The book was published by the EO Media Group; but according to the author, it isn't an "authorized biography," and they had "wide open" ground rules. The book was to be distributed by the Oregon State University Press.
In 2019, EO Media Group acquired the Baker City Herald, The Observer (La Grande), The Bulletin (Bend) and The Redmond Spokesman from Western Communications.
Formerly owned publications
The North Coast Citizen in Manzanita was purchased in 2007 and sold in 2011 to Country Media Inc.
Oregon Coast TODAY in Lincoln City was purchased in 2012 and sold in July 2020 to Patrick Alexander, who worked as the publication's editor and publisher.
Awards
The group won a top regional award for its "Fate of Our Forests" series from the Society of Professional Journalists in 2012, in a regional group including papers under 25,000 circulation from Montana to Alaska. The same series, which ran in 2011, had previously won the Dolly Connelly Award for Excellence in Environmental Reporting from the Pacific Northwest Newspaper Association.
Newspapers
References
External links
Official web site
Publishing companies based in Oregon
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Arua () is a diocese located in the city of Arua in the Ecclesiastical province of Gulu in Uganda. Following the resignation of Bishop Frederick Drandua, on 19 August 2009, Pope Benedict XVI appointed the Right Reverend Sabino Ocan Odoki, Auxiliary Bishop of the Catholic Archdiocese of Gulu, as Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Arua, until a substantive Bishop is appointed. On October 20, 2010 they were named ordinary Bishop.
History
June 23, 1958: Established as Diocese of Arua from Diocese of Gulu
Bishops
Bishops of Arua (Roman rite)
Bishop Angelo Tarantino, M.C.C.I. (1959.02.12 – 1984)
Bishop Frederick Drandua (1986.05.27 - 2009.08.19)
Bishop Sabino Ocan Odoki (2010.10.20 - present)
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Martin Luluga, appointed auxiliary bishop of Gulu in 1986
Notable people
Bernardo Sartori, priest and missionary
See also
Catholic Church in Uganda
Arua
External links
Official Website of the Diocese of Arua
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Sources
Catholic Hierarchy
References
Roman Catholic dioceses in Uganda
Christian organizations established in 1958
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Arua District
Arua
1958 establishments in Uganda
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Gulu
The 2010 Connacht Senior Football Championship was that year's installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Connacht GAA. It was won by Roscommon who defeated Sligo in the final. This was Roscommon's first Connacht senior title since 2001. They overcame London and Leitrim to get to the final. Donie Shine dominated the scoring in the final.
Sligo's progress to the final was considered a surprise. They overcame the province's traditional big two - Mayo in the quarter-final, then Galway in the semi-final with the aid of a replay - only for Roscommon to defeat them by a single point.
The winning Roscommon team received the J. J. Nestor Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2010 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. Sligo entered the All-Ireland Qualifiers but soon exited.
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Connacht GAA website
2C
Connacht Senior Football Championship
De Eerste Driejarige is a Dutch basketball club from the city of Amsterdam.
History
DED has a long history going back in the year 1909, when a group of university students started this basketball club in Amsterdam. They gave it the name “De Eerste Driejarige” ("The First Three Years"). The club holds the 2nd place for the number of national championships in the Netherlands. All of them won in the 1940s and 1950s.
Today
Nowadays, DED participates with four adult men's teams in both national and regional leagues. The team is still based in Amsterdam, playing their games in the Apollohal.
Honours
Dutch League
Winners (8): 1946, 1947, 1950, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1956, 1958
References
External links
Official website
NBB Official site
Basketball teams in the Netherlands
Former Dutch Basketball League teams
1909 establishments in the Netherlands
Basketball teams established in 1909
Sports clubs in Amsterdam
Holophragma is an extinct genus of rugose coral known from Ordovician and Silurian rocks in Scandinavia, Russia, Australia and the United States. Two of its species can be found on the northwestern coast of Gotland, where it is one of the most common fossil genera. It was described by Gustaf Lindström in the year 1896. The genus contains two species.
Description
Members of the genus Holophraga are small shoe- or horn-shaped corals. They usually lived on their side, with their calyx pointing upwards. H. calceoloides has a distinct cardinal septa, while H. mitrata does not.
Species
Holophragma calceoloides Lindström, 1866
Holophragma mitrata Schlotheim, 1820
References
Stauriida
Fossil taxa of Gotland
Rugosa
Prehistoric Anthozoa genera
Ridykeulous is a curatorial initiative founded by artists Nicole Eisenman and A.L. Steiner. The project encourages exhibitions of queer and feminist art.
History
Founded in 2005, Ridykeulous mounts exhibitions and events primarily concerned with queer and feminist art, using humor to critique the art world as well as culture at large.
Collaborators include A.K. Burns, Aaron Johnson, Anna Sew Hoy, Celeste Dupuy-Spencer, Cody Critcheloe/SSION, Cyrus Saint Amand Poliakoff, Dana Schutz, Dawn Frasch, Dawn Kasper, Dawn Mellor, Dean Daderko, Eve Fowler, Math Bass, Robinson Fastwurms, Leidy Churchman, Ulrike Muller, Zackary Drucker, Suzanne Wright, Kathe Burkhart, Christian Lemerz, K8 Hardy, Lara Schnitger, Ashley Reid, Lindsay Brant, Lisa Sanditz, Daphne FItzpatrick, Lisi Raskin, Catherine Lord, Keith Boadwee, Ellen Lesperance & Jeanine Oleson, Carrie Moyer, Adam Rolston, Nicola Tyson, Melissa Logan/Chicks on Speed, Daniel Bozhkov, Rachel Harrison, Amy Sillman, L.M. Childs, Claude Wampler, Miranda Lichtenstein, Kathy Acker, Abe Ajay, Mike Albo, Artists Poster Committee (Frazier Dougherty, Jon Hendricks, Irving Petlin), Kathe Burkhart, Nao Bustamante, Jibz Cameron, Leidy Churchman, Dennis Cooper, Tracey Emin, Daniel Feinberg, Louise Fishman, Glen Fogel, Hollis Frampton, Simon Fujiwara, Gary Gissler, Guerilla Art Action Group (G.A.A.G.), Harmony Hammond, Kathleen Hanna and Toby Vail, I.U.D., Donald Judd, Zoe Leonard, Ali Liebegott, Lucy Lippard, Bernadette Mayer, Allyson Mitchell & Deirdre Logue, Eileen Myles, Chuck Nanney, Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, Laura Parnes, Adrian Piper, William Powhida, Ad Reinhardt, Carolee Schneemann, Nancy Spero, Kara Walker, and David Wojnarowicz.
Publications
Exhibitions
References
International artist groups and collectives
Ratchadamnoen Avenue (, , , also spelled Rajdamnern) is a historic road in the Phra Nakhon and Dusit Districts of Bangkok, Thailand. Ratchadamnoen Avenue may be the most politically charged thoroughfare in the capital, as its history captures the ebb and flow of Thai ideological struggles over Thai governance in the 20th and 21st centuries.
History
Ratchadamnoen Avenue was commissioned by King Chulalongkorn following their first visit to Europe in 1897. Construction took place from 1899 to 1903. The road consists of three segments, named Ratchadamnoen Nai, Ratchadamnoen Klang, and Ratchadamnoen Nok (Inner, Middle, and Outer Ratchadamnoen, respectively). It links the Grand Palace to Dusit Palace in the new royal district, terminating at the Royal Plaza in front of the Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall. Inspired by the Champs-Élysées and other European boulevards, the King used the road as a route for grand royal parades (Ratchadamnoen literally means 'royal procession'), which served to project images of a modern monarchy.
Between 1939 and 1941, Ratchadamnoen Klang, the middle segment, was redeveloped upon a People's Party's initiative. The first task carried out in 1939 was the expropriation and demolition of existing properties within 40 metres along the boulevard, from Phan Phiphop Lila Bridge to Phan Fa Lilat Bridge. The only building to be left untouched was the former Badman and Co. department store which had then been converted into the Department of Public Works. The double rows of mahogany trees and the pavement beneath them were replaced with a single row of central islands. On 24 June 1940, the Democracy Monument was inaugurated at the centre of the new boulevard which represented a new symbol of the People's Party. By 1941, ten multi-storied buildings had been erected and the new redeveloped Ratchadamnoen Klang Road was officially opened by officials on 24 June 1941. More buildings were added in the coming years, including the Royal Rattanakosin Hotel in 1942 and Sala Chaloem Thai in 1949. By redeveloping Ratchadamnoen Klang Road, the main objective of the People's Party was to leave its mark on the city and to distinguish itself from the monarchy by choosing the only segment of the road that does not have a palace at one of its extremities (i.e. the Grand Palace and the Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall).
The avenue has been the site of many demonstrations, including the 1973 student uprising as well as more recent political rallies, such as the protests and ensuing military crackdowns in 2009 and 2010, the latter of which led to over 20 deaths along Ratchadamnoen Klang.
In January 2020, it was announced that ten buildings flanking a 1.2-kilometre stretch of the avenue, owned by the Crown Property Bureau, would be renovated or demolished. The bureau proposes rebuilding the structures in "neoclassical-style", obliterating the Art Deco theme originally inspired by the spirit of the 1932 revolution that overthrew absolute monarchy.
Description
Ratchadamnoen Nai Road begins at the northeast corner of the Grand Palace and leads northward to the Phan Phiphop Lila Bridge, which crosses the old city moat. The road then continues east as Ratchadamnoen Klang until it crosses Khlong Rop Krung (the outer moat of Rattanakosin Island) at Phan Fa Lilat Bridge, where it turns northward toward the Royal Plaza. Ratchadamnoen Nok, in particular, was designed to impart Western-style grandeur, with three carriageways with wide pavements lined by multiple rows of trees. It is bordered by government offices, including the Government House. The Democracy Monument sits in the centre of Ratchadamnoen Klang Road. Today, the avenue serves as a major thoroughfare bringing traffic into the old city centre and across Phra Pin-klao Bridge to the Thonburi side of the city.
References
External links
Streets in Bangkok
Phra Nakhon district
Dusit district
Lego DC Super Hero Girls was a Lego theme based on DC Super Hero Girls franchise. It is licensed from DC Comics and Warner Bros. Animation. The theme was first introduced in November 2016. The toy line was accompanied by several shorts, a television special and films based on Lego DC Super Hero Girls. The Lego DC Super Hero Girls theme was discontinued by the end of 2018.
Overview
Lego DC Super Hero Girls was based on the DC Super Hero Girls franchise. The product line focuses on the DC Super Hero Girls characters from Super Hero High School. At Super Hero High School, well-known DC heroes attend challenging classes and deal with all the awkwardness of growing up with the added stress of having unique superpowers. Lego DC Super Hero Girls aimed to recreate the main characters in Lego form, including Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Bumblebee, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
Development
The Lego DC Super Hero Girls theme aimed to introduce a product line that reimagines female DC superheroes and supervillains in Lego form as students at high school. In partnership with Warner Bros. Consumer Products and DC Entertainment, the theme aimed to provide children with a "relatable world filled with aspirational characters, immersive stories and action-packed missions that inspire girls aged 7-10 to be smart, courageous and empowered to be an everyday Super Hero".
Each of the sets featured the Lego DC Super Hero Girls characters revamped as mini-doll figures and gave them new looks which were also used in the Lego Friends, Lego Disney Princess and Lego Elves themes.
Launch
The Lego DC Super Hero Girls theme was launched early in the US on 5 October 2016. The Lego Group announced the first wave of six construction sets based on the DC Super Hero Girls franchise on 27 November 2016 in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, followed by a global launch in January 2017. The sets featured buildings, vehicles and mini-doll figures, including Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Bumblebee, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy and several villains, including Eclipso, Lashina, Lena Luthor and Mad Harriet. The second wave of sets was launched at the New York Toy Fair in 1 August 2017.
In addition, The Lego Group built two life-sized models of Harley Quinn and Supergirl, two characters that appear in the DC Super Hero Girls franchise. The Harley Quinn model consisted of 12,789 Lego bricks, measured 5'3" in height and weighed 63 lbs. The Supergirl model consisted of 14,210 Lego bricks, measured 5'5" in height and weighed 70 lbs. They were placed in front of New York Comic-Con.
Characters
Superheroes
Wonder Woman:  They are 317 years old and has sneaked away from the Amazons' island home of Themyscira in order to fulfill their dream of protecting the mortal world. Upon reaching the city of Metropolis, they learn to pass themselves off as a typical high school student with help from the other main characters. Voiced by Grey Griffin.
Supergirl:  They are a central protagonist in the web series Lego DC Super Hero Girls where they are a student at Super Hero High. Voiced by Anais Fairweather.
Batgirl:  They are a student at Super Hero High and is an extremely intelligent genius.  They are a tomboy and loves to investigate criminals. Voiced by Ashlyn Selich.
Bumblebee:  They are a student at Super Hero High. Voiced by Teala Dunn.
Harley Quinn:  They are a student at Super Hero High and the roommate of Wonder Woman. Unusually for the character, they are portrayed as a hero instead of a villain and has a mostly positive relationship with their superhero counterparts. Voiced by Tara Strong.
Poison Ivy:  They are a student at Super Hero High.  They are a kind person. In contrast with their DC Comics counterpart, they are hero and cooperates with other heroes like Wonder Woman and Batgirl. Voiced by Tara Strong.
Steve Trevor:  They are a waiter at Capes and Cowls Cafe, which is owned by their father. Voiced by Josh Keaton.
The Flash:  They are a student at Super Hero High in Lego DC Super Hero Girls series. Voiced by Josh Keaton.
Krypto: Supergirl's dog.
Supervillains
Eclipso:  They are the secondary antagonist in Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain.  They are a secret ally of Lena Luthor. Voiced by Mona Marshall.
Lashina:  They are a whip-wielding member of The Female Furies. In Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain, they and Mad Harriet are assisting Lena Luthor. In Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Super-Villain High, they take the name Backlash as they join Lena Luthor's team of villains. Voiced by Meredith Salenger.
Lena Luthor:  They are the main antagonist of the Lego DC Super Hero Girls series. Unlike the main series, instead of avenging their brother's arrest at the hands of the heroes, they wish to surpass them as a true supervillain, but they never succeeds. She's developed a series of Kryptomites with one of six different colors each, which affect everyone that comes near them by changing their emotions, such as anger, sadness, fear, distrust and forgetfulness, while the green ones only act as normal kryptonite that only affect Supergirl. She's usually seen assisting the Female Furies and Eclipso, though they always hinder the plans of the latter in the end, hindering their own plan in the process. Voiced by Romi Dames.
Mad Harriet:  They are a vicious member of The Female Furies. They wear metal claws. They appear in Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain and voiced by Jennifer Hale.
Construction sets
According to Bricklink, The Lego Group released a total of 11 Lego sets and promotional polybag as part of Lego DC Super Hero Girls theme. It was discontinued by the end of 2018.
First wave
In October 2016, New York Comic-Con had announced that an exclusive Batgirl mini-doll figure would be given away to the winners before the toy sets was released. The next month, The Lego Group announced that the first wave of sets based on the DC Super Hero Girls franchise was released on 27 November 2016. The six sets being released were Batgirl Batjet Chase (set number: 41230), Harley Quinn to the Rescue (set number: 41231), Super Hero High School (set number: 41232), Lashina Tank (set number: 41233), Bumblebee Helicopter (set number: 41234) and Wonder Woman Dorm Room (set number: 41235). In addition, Krypto Saves the Day (set number: 30546) polybag set was released as a promotion.
Second wave
The second wave of sets was launched at the New York Toy Fair in 1 August 2017. The four sets being released were Harley Quinn Dorm (set number: 41236), Batgirl Secret Bunker (set number: 41237), Lena Luthor Kryptomite Factory (set number: 41238) and Eclipso Dark Palace (set number: 41239). The sets were designed primarily for girls aged 7 to 12 years old.
Web shorts
The product line was accompanied by a series of animated short films that was released on YouTube inspired by both the DC Super Hero Girls franchise and the Lego toyline.
Lego DC Super Hero Girls (Shorts)
The 10 web shorts have been released on YouTube.
TV specials and films
Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Galactic Wonder (2017)
Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Galactic Wonder is a five-part computer-animated series based on DC Super Hero Girls franchise and Lego toyline released on the YouTube channels of DC Super Hero Girls and LEGO on 27 April 2017. It also premiered on Cartoon Network in Europe on 24 September 2017 and on Boomerang in Australia on 13 October 2017.
Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain (2017)
Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain is an American computer-animated direct-to-video film based on the DC Super Hero Girls franchise, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the third film in the DC Super Hero Girls franchise, as well as the first in the series to be based on the DC Super Hero Girls brand of Lego. It was digitally released on July 25, 2017 and was followed by a DVD release on August 8, 2017. The movie premiered on Cartoon Network in the US on November 19, 2017.
Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Super-Villain High (2018)
Lego DC Super Hero Girls: Super-Villain High is an American computer-animated direct-to-video film based on the DC Super Hero Girls franchise, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the fourth film in the DC Super Hero Girls franchise, as well as the second and final Lego branded film in the series to be based on the DC Super Hero Girls, before the franchise itself got rebooted by Lauren Faust in January 2019. It was digitally released on May 1, 2018 and was followed by a DVD release on May 15, 2018.
Lawsuit
In August 2017, Hasbro filed a lawsuit that attempted to block sales of Lego DC Super Hero Girls sets due to the possibility of the Bumblebee character being confused with the Transformers character of the same name.
See also
Lego Friends
Lego Disney
Lego Elves
Lego Batman
Lego Super Heroes
Lego Minifigures (theme)
The Lego Movie
The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part
The Lego Batman Movie
Mixels
Lego Scooby-Doo
Lego Unikitty!
Lego The Powerpuff Girls
Notes
References
External links
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Super Hero Girls
Products introduced in 2016
DC Comics action figure lines
Products and services discontinued in 2017
The bluefinned butterfish (Odax cyanoallix) a species of marine ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae, which is found only around Three Kings Islands about 80 km north of New Zealand. It is found in shallow reef areas where brown seaweed is abundant. This species can reach a length of SL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries. Isolated individuals have been recorded elsewhere around the northern North Island.
References
bluefinned butterfish
Endemic marine fish of New Zealand
Fish of the North Island
bluefinned butterfish
Magdalena Smoczyńska, born 25 April 1947 in Kraków, is a Polish psycholinguist and expert in the development of language in children.  They are an emeritus reader in the department of linguistics at Jagiellonian University where they were once head of the Child Language Laboratory and now studies specific language impairment (SLI) at the Institute for Educational Research.
Life and work
While much of their research is about language acquisition in Polish-speaking children, it has cross-linguistic and international significance. They have been a visiting professor at the University at Buffalo and the University of Sheffield, and is a life member of the Linguistic Society of America.
 They are the daughter of Anna and Jerzy Turowicz, once editor of Tygodnik Powszechny magazine. They were awarded a Ph.D in 1978 from Jagiellonian University and a Dr. hab. in 1988.
Private life
Magdalena Turowicz married Wojciech Smoczyński around 1970. Their children are Michał and Maciej (twins born in 1971) and Wawrzyniec (born 1976).
References
Women linguists
Developmental psycholinguists
Jagiellonian University faculty
Living people
Polish women academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
University at Buffalo faculty
Eteobalea vinsoni is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It is found on Mauritius and Réunion in the Indian Ocean.
Subspecies
Eteobalea vinsoni vinsoni (Viette, 1953) - from Mauritius
Eteobalea vinsoni abcedella (Viette, 1957) - from Réunion
References
Viette, P. 1953c. Description de deux nouveaux microlépidoptères de l'Ile Maurice. - Bulletin de la Société zoologique de France 78(2–3):138–141.
Viette, P. 1957c. Lépidoptères (excepté les Tordeuses et les Géométrides). – In: La Faune entomologique de l'Ile de la Réunion. I. - Mémoires de l'Institut scientifique de Madagascar (E)8:137–226; pls. 1–4.
Eteobalea
Moths described in 1953
The dwarf honeyguide (Indicator pumilio) is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae.
It is endemic to the Albertine Rift montane forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Just like other honeyguides, this species is a brood parasite.
References
dwarf honeyguide
Birds of Central Africa
dwarf honeyguide
dwarf honeyguide
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stefan Kirov Kanchev ( ; 6 August 1915 – 22 August 2001) was a Bulgarian graphic artist best known for their logo design work. Referred to as the "father of Bulgarian graphic design" and the "master of the trademark", Kanchev authored around 1,600 logos, including logos for the National Palace of Culture, National Art Gallery, National Opera and Ballet, Bulgarian National Television, Union of Bulgarian Artists, TZUM, International Fair Plovdiv, and Petrol AD.
Early life
Kanchev was born 6 August 1915 in Kalofer, a town in the sub-Balkan valleys of south central Bulgaria (then the Kingdom of Bulgaria). The son of an icon painter, they enrolled at the National Academy of Arts in the capital Sofia when they were 25, where they studied mural painting in 1940–1945 under Dechko Uzunov.
Career
After leaving the National Academy of Arts shortly before graduation, Kanchev took part in exhibitions and biennales in Bulgaria and abroad over the next 22 years, including Belgrade, Budapest, Berlin, Moscow, Warsaw, Brno, Ljubljana and New York City. During this time, individual exhibitions of their work were organized in Sofia, Moscow, Prague, Berlin, Warsaw and Budapest, among other cities.
In 1967 when they were 52, Kanchev participated in an AIGA (American Institute of Graphic Arts) international exhibition in which they presented 23 of their logos, including their Petrol AD trademark. Fifteen years later, in 1982, Japanese magazine Idea ran a 16-page feature on Kanchev and their work. At the age of 79 in 1994 they were named among the world's top ten trademark artists along with Paul Rand and Saul Bass. Kanchev died on 22 August 2001. In June 2009, the premier Sofia Design Week featured an exhibition dedicated to Kanchev's logos.
Themes and styles
Kanchev's work spanned most varieties of applied art, though they were most productive in their trademark and logo work and as a designer of book covers, posters, greetings cards, print advertisements, stamps, product labels and packaging. As a designer, Kanchev was often inspired by traditional Bulgarian art and folklore.
Reception
According to the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences Encyclopedia of Fine Arts in Bulgaria, Kanchev's work "was distinguished by rich imagination, even and clear composition, successful relation between type and image, clean shapes [and] original artistic ideas that entirely fulfill the content of the work". In the words of artist and critic Ivan Nenov, "[Kanchev's] trademarks are entirely new, modern without being merely fashionable... Each of these trademarks can be magnified to a monumental size or reduced to a miniature, and it will not lose neither its readability nor its graceful beauty." For their efforts, Kanchev has received state decorations of Bulgaria, including the Order of Cyril and Methodius 1st class (in 1956, 1963 and 1969), Red Flag of Labour (1965), and People's Republic of Bulgaria 2nd class (1975).
References
Further reading
Станчева, Магдалина. Анонимният известен. Пловдив: Жанет 45, 2011,
External links
stefankanchev.com
stefankanchev.eu
1915 births
2001 deaths
Bulgarian artists
Bulgarian designers
Bulgarian graphic designers
Logo designers
People from Kalofer
The New Democrat Coalition is a caucus in the House of Representatives of the United States Congress made up of Democrats, primarily centrists, who take a pro-business stance and a moderate-to-conservative approach to fiscal matters.
As of September 2022, the New Democrat Coalition is composed of 99 members, the second largest House Democrat ideological caucus (after Congressional Progressive Caucus).
Overview
The New Democrat Coalition is a caucus within the House of Representatives founded in 1997 by Representatives Cal Dooley, Jim Moran, and Tim Roemer.
The Coalition supported the "Third Way" policies of then-President Bill Clinton. The Coalition consists of moderate, centrist Democrats and center-left Democrats.
The group is known as fiscally moderate and pro-business. The New Democrat Coalition supports free trade and a high-tech sector; ideologically, it is positioned between the House Progressive Caucus and the Blue Dog Coalition.
The Coalition has been described as socially liberal and fiscally conservative.
Electoral results
House of Representatives
Chairs
1997–2001: Cal Dooley (CA-20), Jim Moran (VA-8), Tim Roemer (IN-3)
2001–2005: Jim Davis (FL-11), Ron Kind (WI-3), Adam Smith (WA-9)
2005–2009: Ellen Tauscher (CA-10)
2009–2013: Joe Crowley (NY-7)
2013–2017: Ron Kind (WI-3)
2017–2019: Jim Himes (CT-4)
2019–2021: Derek Kilmer (WA-6)
2021–present: Suzan DelBene (WA-1)
Leadership
As of the 117th United States Congress, the Coalition's leaders are as follows:
Chair: Suzan DelBene (WA-01)
Vice Chair for Outreach: Ami Bera (CA-07)
Vice Chair for Member Services: Sharice Davids (KS-03)
Vice Chair for Communications: Ann McLane Kuster (NH-02)
Vice Chair for Policy: Scott Peters (CA-52)
At-Large Leadership Member: Stacey Plaskett (VI)
Whip: Chrissy Houlahan (PA-06)
Freshman Leadership Representative: Kathy Manning (NC-06)
At-Large Leadership Member: Brad Schneider (IL-10)
Chair Emeritus: Derek Kilmer (WA-06)
Membership
As of May of 2022, the New Democrat Coalition has 98 members. Those members include 97 U.S. Representatives and one non-voting delegate of the House of Representatives.
See also
Blue Dog Coalition
Congressional Progressive Caucus
Democratic Leadership Council
New Democrats
Republican Main Street Partnership
Tuesday Group
Third Way (United States)
References
External links
New Democrat Coalition
DLC: New Democrats Form House Coalition (March 11, 1997)
Centrist political advocacy groups in the United States
Democratic Party (United States) organizations
Ideological caucuses of the United States Congress
Liberalism in the United States
Centrism in the United States
Factions in the Democratic Party (United States)
The eighth season of The Real Housewives of New York City, an American reality television series, is broadcast on Bravo. It aired from April 6, 2016 until September 14, 2016, and is primarily filmed in New York City, New York. Its executive producers are Andrew Hoegl, Barrie Bernstein, Lisa Shannon, Pam Healy and Andy Cohen.
The Real Housewives of New York City focuses on the lives of Luann de Lesseps, Bethenny Frankel, Ramona Singer, Sonja Morgan, Carole Radziwill, Dorinda Medley and Jules Wainstein. It consisted of 23 episodes.
Production and crew
The Real Housewives of New York City season seven was a ratings success for the network, averaging 2.4 total million viewers which was an eight percent increase among total viewers.
It was reported that the series had been renewed in November, 2015 along with the beginning of production.
The series was subsequently renewed with the cast, trailer and premiere date being announced in March, 2016.
The season premiere "Start Spreading the News" was aired on April 6, 2016, while the twentieth "Say It Ain't So" served as the season finale, and was aired on August 24, 2016.
It was followed by a three-part reunion that aired on August 31, September 7 and September 14, 2016, which marked the conclusion of the season.
Andrew Hoegl, Barrie Bernstein, Lisa Shannon, Pam Healy and Andy Cohen are recognized as the series' executive producers; it is produced by Ricochet and is distributed by Shed Media.
Cast and synopsis
Cast
Six of the eight wives featured on season seven returned for the eighth.
In September 2015, Heather Thomson announced they would be walking away from the series after three seasons to focus on their business and family saying, "I have to focus on the things that are really, really important in my life and that's my family and my business. While I'm filming the show I also am running a multi-million dollar business, and it takes away a lot of my time from the company."
Thomson went on to praise the franchise and celebrated their time on the show.
Although Thomson departed the series as a full-time cast member, they guest appeared on season eight.
Also departing the series is Kristen Taekman who announced in October 2015, that they too would be walking away from the series. Taekman, a full-time cast member for two seasons, left for similar reasons to Thomson, to focus on their family and business saying, "At this time in my life, I have decided to concentrate on my family and my new business ventures Pop Of Color nail polish and Last Night's Look, my fashion blog." They also praised the franchise and relished in their time on the show.
With the departure of the two wives, it saw the introduction of a new one, Jules Wainstein. Wainstein is a Hong-Kong born stay-at-home mom of two to Jagger, 5, and Rio, 2. Jules is a socialite in New York City.Inspired by their father's career as a fashion entrepreneur, they studied at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City. Jules has worked in fashion boutiques as a buyer and later used their skills
to be an even-planner for Women's International Zionist Organization. Jules spends their days raising their kids with their husband Michael while they split their time between three homes, in Manhattan, Water Mill and in Barry Island, and continues to attend social events and charity galas. Wainstein is the only married housewife featured on season eight. Wainstein is described by friend, and former cast member of The Real Housewives of New York City, Cindy Barshop as a real housewife saying, "when they have a party, it's to the top. And they do a performance, and that's naturally what they do."
Synopsis
The season begins with Bethenny Frankel enjoying their home as they juggle their business, dating and their ongoing divorce. Carole Radziwill and their boyfriend Adam continue to pursue their relationship, and Ramona Singer navigates their single life while exploring the dating scene in New York City. Sonja Morgan begins to feel the empty-nest syndrome after their daughter goes off to boarding school, so they invite Luann de Lesseps to come stay for a while. Dorinda Medley enjoys their relationship with their boyfriend John but isn't enjoying having to constantly defend them and their relationship. Medley invites Frankel and their friend, and new wife, Jules Wainstein for lunch but the lunch turns from sweet to sour.
Frankel plans a chic tail-gate birthday party at their Hamptons home. After being insulted by John at Medley's bra party. John attends the party with the intent to apologize, but it turns into another confrontation. Seeing Medley upset being torn between friends and their boyfriend, Frankel extends them an olive branch.
Frankel attempts to organize a trip to Mexico but after a sudden health issue it's changed to Miami instead. Frankel is distraught after a visit with their doctor when they find out the severity of health and the measures to take.
Singer enjoys their newly revamped and Mario-free apartment that now offers more light that the curtains are gone.
Singer hosts a birthday lunch but is offended when de Lesseps makes a regifting faux pas.
De Lesseps introduces their new boyfriend Tom, who is a Medley set them up with, to Wainstein and their husband during a couple dinner with Medley and John. A couple of ladies realize Singer has a past with de Lessep's new boyfriend. During a trip in The Berkshires at Medley's home, Frankel and de Lesseps get into a heated argument, with a lot of name-calling. Singer then accuses de Lesseps of breaking the girl code. De Lesseps reveals to all the ladies that they have found love with Tom, but more of Tom's history surfaces. During a confrontation between de Lesseps and Singer on Singer's history with Tom, Morgan reveals they have been having relations with Tom for the last decade. Despite everyone's opinions, de Lesseps reveals they are engaged to Tom and the ladies are left feeling conflicted bout the last-minute engagement party in Palm Beach during the Miami trip. During the trip Frankel meets a friend and reveals they have information that could jeopardize de Lesseps' relationship. Later in Miami, Singer's issues with the engagement surface while Morgan's realizes their feelings regarding Tom and their engagement to de Lesseps. Frankel meets up with the ladies as they determine the level of severity of their information. In the effort to determine whether to tell de Lesseps of their information, they share it with Radziwill and Singer, who then shares it with Morgan. Frankel and Morgan continue to discuss it later that night and do some research which includes Frankel calling Tom. Frankel realizes they have no other choice but to tell de Lesseps that Tom has cheated. After hearing the news of Tom cheating and seeing the photos, de Lesseps is devastated and calls Tom to make sense of situation. Returning to New York, de Lesseps stay in a hotel to gather their thoughts. They later reveals at Frankel's Mexican themed party that they have forgiven Tom.
Morgan and Singer have a rift in their friendship and Singer reveals they have been avoiding Morgan due to their excessive partying. Singer continues to raise concerns about Morgan's party ways when they argue with de Lesseps that they will be a bad influence when living with Morgan. Frankel confronts de Lesseps on the same topic after they hear that de Lesseps is living with and “mentoring” Morgan.
Morgan reveals they next business endeavor which immediately raises concerns. Morgan meets Frankel at their office and is taken aback when Frankel reacts to their new business, calling it a copycat business. After being pressure by Singer and de Lesseps, Morgan tries to apologize to Frankel but gets the cold shoulder. After the bump with their TipsyGirl business, Morgan decides to change their partying ways which leads to Morgan and Singer getting their friendship back on track.
Radziwill opens up to Frankel on their ongoing drama with de Lesseps in regards to their boyfriend Adam. During the trip to the Berkshires, Singer encourages de Lesseps to apologize to Radziwill for calling them a pedophile, though Radziwill questions if it's sincere. Them relationship with Adam evolves when they foster a kitten and work on a vegan cookbook together.
Medley hosts a Lingerie night and finds themselves defending John after Frankel claims Medley is "over-selling" John to everyone. Singer gets involved and reveals some shocking information about John. Medley finds themselves now in a confrontation with Singer and brings up their recent failed marriage. Later at the party, John turns up uninvited and Medley asks them to leave. Medley continues to argue with Singer, over their views on their relationship with John, during a psychic reading hosted by Radziwill. Later, after Singer bonds with an ex of de Lesseps at Medley's event, Medley and Singer end up arguing on the sidewalk.
Wainstein hosts a lunch at their home that's currently being renovated. Frankel arrives and gives unsolicited opinion on the home leaving Wainstein unimpressed. Frankel and Wainstein meet to air their differences and Frankel has a new respect for Wainstein after they reveal their history of having an eating disorder. Them trip to the Berkshires with the other ladies takes a turn for the worse when they receive a phone call about a family emergency. Back in New York, Wainstein adjusts to their life without a nanny. They suffer an injury to their vagina and meets with their plastic surgeon about the possible damages. Despite their bonding, a tension build up between Frankel and Wainstein resulting in Wainstein giving Frankel their frank opinion after listening to Frankel and the wives talk badly about de Lesseps.
Episodes
References
External links
2016 American television seasons
New York City (season 8)
Plagiodera versicolora is a species of leaf beetle (subfamily Chrysomelinae) in the genus Plagiodera.
Description
Plagiodera versicolora grows to 2.5 - 4.8 mm in length and is metallic blue or green, occasionally purplish to black in colour.
Habitat
Plagiodera versicolora lives in various habitats, but usually near water. Adults feed on leaves and pollen of willow and poplar trees, especially Salix fragilis ('crack willow'). It is predated by the shieldbug Zicrona caerulea, several ladybird species and the larva of a hoverfly (Parasyrphus sp.).
Life cycle
Adults overwinter under logs, loose bark and among vegetable litter near the host plant and become active during April. Fully developed larvae may be found from June onwards and pupation occurs under the leaves of the host plant. Freshly emerged adults occur from mid-July and fly in hot weather, occasionally found far from their hosts, especially along river margins.
Distribution
It is fairly common in central and southern England, with scattered records from Wales and Ireland and no records from Scotland. It has been introduced in North America.
Gallery
References
External links
List of references for Plagiodera versicolora (Laicharting, 1781) at Biodiversity Heritage Library
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1781
Chrysomelinae
Taxa named by Johann Nepomuk von Laicharting
AUC Libraries and Learning Technologies (LLT) is a school of the American University in Cairo. It is located on the University's New Campus, in New Cairo, Egypt.
LLT is composed of several units: the Main Library, the Rare Books and Special Collections Library (RBSCL; includes University Archives and Records Management), and the Center for Learning and Teaching (CLT).
Together, these units form one of the largest, and most important academic research libraries in Egypt . Despite its physical location in Egypt, the American University of Cairo is accredited in the United States by the Middle States Commission of Higher Education (formerly a part of MSA); the School of Libraries and Learning Technologies therefore implements US standards and practices in all aspects of its work.
AUC Libraries and Learning Technologies is a member of the Association of College and Research Libraries, a division of the American Library Association (ALA), a member of the Center for Research Libraries' Global Resources Network, and a member of IFLA. It is also a member of the AMICAL Consortium, and participates in OCLC's resource-sharing programs ILLiad and SHARES.
As of February 2015, its holdings include some 70,000 electronic journals in over 138 databases; over 480,000 volumes of printed books (of which: 348,453 volumes in English, 102,655 volumes in Arabic, 26,657 volumes in French, 6,071 volumes in German, in addition to minor holdings in other languages). The Libraries also provides access to over 250,000 e-book titles, and several thousand titles in theses, maps, microforms, and audiovisual materials.
The Libraries are open to all AUC faculty members, students and staff. Visiting researchers whose work requires use of the collections are also admitted.
History
By 1922, three years after its founding, AUC had a small reading room as part of the School of Oriental Studies at the Tahrir Campus. In 1959, the Library was moved to Hill House and managed by faculty librarians and staff. The collection comprised primarily English and Arabic titles. In 1973, the Library created the first computerized serials holdings list. The collection was reclassified from the Dewey Decimal system to the Library of Congress call number system between 1972 and 1975. In 1982, the Main Library moved into a new purpose-built facility on the Greek Campus (a plot on the corner of Muhammad Mahmoud and Yousuf Elguindi Streets, originally belonging to the Greek community). In 1986, the Library implemented one of the first online catalogs in the Middle East through the German-Belgian Dobis/Libis system.
In 1995, the Main Library was the first in the region to create a department of Information Literacy, and more faculty members were added as services were expanded to meet the specialized needs of new academic departments and developing technologies. The year 1990 saw the inauguration of the Rare Books and Special Collections Library. In 1998, the Director of the Library was elevated to the rank of Dean. Shortly thereafter, in 2000, the Library was merged with the Departments of Media Services, Academic Computing, and Web Communications. The Centre for Learning and Teaching was inaugurated in the 2002.
In the summer of 2008, Libraries and Learning Technologies moved from downtown Cairo to its present location on the University's new 265-acre campus in New Cairo.
Chronological list of deans and directors
Gamal ed-Din Hafaz Awad - Librarian, 1922-1923
Helen Flinn - Librarian, 1928-1931
Hughes Gibbons - Librarian, 1932-1937
Worth C. Howard - University Librarian, 1940-1955
George Henry Gardner - University Librarian, 1955-1959
Sayed Mahmoud Sheniti - University Librarian, 1957-1962
Florence Ljunggren - University Librarian, 1962-1966
Frederick Arnold - University Librarian, 1966-1967
James Van Luik - Library Director, 1967-1970
Grace Larudee - Library Director, 1969-1971
Everett Moore - Library Director, 1971-1973
Jesse Duggan - Library Director, 1973-1985
Smith Richardson - Library Director, 1986-1989
Kenneth Oberembt - Director of Library and Media Services, 1990-1995
Shahira El Sawy - Director of Library and Media Services, 1995-1998; Dean, Libraries and Learning Technologies, 1998-
Units
Main Library
The Main Library consists of the following units:
Automated Systems (Library IT support and development)
Collections (management physical, and electronic collections)
Public Services (user education and patron services)
Rare Books and Special Collections Library (RBSCL)
AUC's Rare Books and Special Collections Library (RBSCL) was created in 1992, the combination of the Main Library's Special Collections unit which maintained university archives and assorted rare books and maps, and the library of the university's Center for Arabic Studies, focused on Islamic art and architecture. These libraries had been brought together in a restored 19th-century villa at the downtown Tahrir Square campus, but the RBSCL moved with most of the university to a new campus in the suburbs of Cairo after 2009. During the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, the Library's staff and preservation experts helped save some of the contents of the Library of the nearby Institut d'Égypte.
This unit of LLT comprises several sections. It maintains the Digital Archive and Research Repository, and RBSCL Digital Library, where some of its holdings are made available to the public. It also archives websites through the ArchiveIt we're archiving subscription service by the Internet Archive.
Rare Books
The Rare Books and Special Collections Library's collections were built largely through the acquisition or donation of the private libraries of several collectors, among them K.A.C. Creswell, Max Debbane, Labib Habachi, and Selim Hassan. Their chief areas of interest - Islamic art and architecture, Egyptology, and travel literature - make up the core of the Library's collections.
In addition to the collectors above, the Library has acquired works from scholars and bibliophiles like Mahmoud Saba, Esmat Allouba, Constant DeWitt, Charles Issawi, and Charles Hedlund, Charles Faltas, Muhammad Shawqi Mustafa, and Fr. Pierre Riches. In recent years, the Library has received the libraries of public figures, such as Anis Mansour and Boutros Boutros-Ghali (2013).
Among the library's rare book holdings are the monumental Description de l'Égypte and multiple volumes of the lithographs of artist David Roberts' paintings of Egypt and the Levant.
Special Collections
In the mid-1990s, the library began to acquire collections of personal papers, like those of Egypt's leading 20th century architect Hassan Fathy. From that time the library made steady acquisitions of archival resources documenting the artistic, cultural, intellectual, political, and social life of modern Egypt. Holdings include the private papers of pioneering Egyptian feminist Huda Sha'arawi, the writings of Egyptian journalist Anis Mansour, the papers of Coptic musicologist Ragheb Moftah.
Photography, including numerous images of the architecture and landscape of Egypt dating to the late 19th century, represents another core holdings area. Key collections of photographs include the prints depicting Islamic architecture produced and collected by K.A.C. Creswell, and the photographic archive of Egypt's most prominent 20th century studio and art photographer, Van Leo.
University Archives & Records Management
The University Archives document the AUC's history, mission, and activities, through materials in a variety of formats, dating to the early 20th century. AUC Records Management assists University offices in handling their inactive records. The unit also maintains an online archive of web content from Egypt.
Regional Architecture Center
The Rare Books and Special Collections Library began collecting architectural archives with the acquisition of the corpus of the work of Hassan Fathy, Egypt's leading 20th century architect, in 1994. In subsequent years the library acquired the collections of other leading Egyptian architects like Hassan Fathy, Ramses Wissa Wassef, Sayed Karim, Ahmad Hamid, and Gamal Bakry. Preservation and processing of collections like these were supported by grants from the Getty Grant Foundation and U.S. National Endowment for the Humanities.
Center for Excellence for the Middle East and Arab Cultures (CEMEAC)
The Center supports advanced scholarly research by building on strengths of the outstanding existing collections in Arabic and Middle Eastern studies.
Center for Learning and Teaching
The Center for Learning and Teaching (CLT) promotes excellence in teaching, including the effective application of technology to the teaching/learning process. Together with other institutional partners, CLT promotes open access to scholarship.
References
External links
Main Library homepage
RBSCL homepage
CLT homepage
libraries in Egypt
The powerful woodpecker (Campephilus pollens) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. This little-known species is a large woodpecker, 33–38 cm (13–15 in) long, and is a close relative to the North American ivory-billed woodpecker.
Not much is known about Campephilus pollens' breeding habits; however, it has been concluded that hatching is asynchronous for this species.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist forests in the Andes. It is generally found at higher elevations than any other large woodpecker.
References
powerful woodpecker
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
powerful woodpecker
powerful woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Green Level is an unincorporated community in southwestern Wake County, North Carolina, United States. It was founded and is one of the oldest surviving crossroads communities in the county. Although historically connected to the town of Apex, Green Level now lies within the municipal jurisdiction of the town of Cary.
One primary community building is the Cloer Nursery. Cloer Nursery is located near Green Level Baptist Church at the crossroads of Green Level Church Road and Green Level Road West. The remains of the old convenience store are still standing and in use. It was formerly a gas station, but when the law mandated stations to switch out old gas tanks, the Phillips 66 closed. The only commercial businesses in the area are Cloer Nursery and the Green Level Gift Shop.
The core of the community has been designated the Green Level Historic District in 2001.
Green Level Historic District
Green Level Historic District is a national historic district located within Cary. The districts encompass 31 contributing buildings, one contributing site and four contributing structures in the crossroads community of Green Level.
The district developed sometime during the period between roughly 1890 and 1945, and includes notable examples of Colonial Revival and Gothic Revival, style architecture. One of the central buildings of the community is Green Level Baptist Church (1907), located near the crossroads of Green Level Church Road and Green Level West Road. Other notable buildings include the Green Level Community Store (1945), A. C. and Helon Council House, and the Alious H. and Daisey Mills Farm and Store (1916).
References
Populated places in Wake County, North Carolina
Neighborhoods in North Carolina
Populated places established in 1800
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Gothic Revival architecture in North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Wake County, North Carolina
Bottendorf is a district in the Gemeinde of Burgwald, located in Waldeck-Frankenberg, Hesse, Germany. According to the 2011 census, the population is roughly 1,950 individuals. With an area of 1.53 km², the population density of Bottendorf is 1,274/km².
References
Villages in Hesse
Yes, Prime Minister is a 1987 adventure game based on the television series of the same name. It was developed by Oxford Digital Enterprises and published by Mosaic Publishing. It was released in Europe for Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro, Commodore 64, DOS, and ZX Spectrum. Critics found it a faithful adaptation of the television series, but remarked on its high price, short length, and lack of long-term appeal.
Gameplay
Yes, Prime Minister is based on the television series of the same name, and it plays like a text adventure. Playing as British prime minister Jim Hacker, the player starts out with a 50 percent approval rating and must work over a five-day period to improve the poll number. The player is aided by Hacker's secretaries, Humphrey Appleby and Bernard Woolley. The game is played through conversations between Hacker and other characters, such as Humphrey and Bernard, with the player continually selecting responses from a list of dialogue options. The outcome of the storyline can vary depending on the response that has been selected.
Gameplay takes place in Hacker's office, which includes various items such as an intercom, a telex machine, and two telephones. The player must answer a telephone when it rings and must also keep track of the time to avoid missing appointments with government officials. Scheduled meetings are written down in Hacker's diary. Other duties including reading memos that occasionally come in to Hacker's office. Poll numbers are accessible in a safe hidden behind a Union Jack flag.
Development and release
In September 1985, it was announced that Mosaic Publishing had secured the rights to publish a computer game based on the television program Yes Minister. The game had been programmed by the Ram Jam Corporation, and was scheduled for release in November 1985. It was announced a week later that the game would instead be released in March 1986, to coincide with the release of Yes, Prime Minister. Around early 1986, the game was shelved. In mid-1987, it was announced that Mosaic Publishing would still publish the game, now titled Yes, Prime Minister and developed by Oxford Digital Enterprises (ODE). Show writer Antony Jay provided their input on the game.
The game was released in Europe in October 1987, coinciding with the release of the show's second series. It was published for Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum. A DOS version followed in November 1987. Each version plays the same with only minor graphical differences. The game received a budget re-release in 1990, published by Mastertronic Plus for the Amstrad CPC, C64, and ZX Spectrum.
Reception
Yes, Prime Minister was praised as a faithful adaptation of the television series. Keith Campbell of Computer and Video Games wrote that the game is based so closely on the series that the result "is quite astonishing, and very entertaining." Campbell called the dialogue "impeccably written" and stated that Humphrey and Bernard's interaction with the player "is extremely well implemented, and conveys the mood of the TV series and the facets of the characters in it more closely than any other game I have seen." ACE called the dialogue "really very witty in parts and every bit as good as the TV series." Commodore User wrote that the game has "a style of script virtually undistinguishable from those on TV," making the game "a must" for fans of the series. Your Computer wrote that the storylines "feel like they could have been lifted from the TV series.
However, critics found the game too short, with little or no lasting appeal beyond the first round of play. ACE called the game "one of the biggest missed opportunities of the year." The magazine wrote that despite the possible scenarios, the game's variety "steadily grows stale, and the bulk of the game becomes depressingly familiar." ACE further wrote, "What you end up with is an initially enjoyable game, that turns out to be a disappointment." The Guardian wrote that while the game "certainly has something of the feel" of the television show, it "inevitably becomes repetitive." The Guardian concluded, "At least when you settle down to watch the television series, you know the storyline will be different each time!" Other reviewers praised the game's variety.
Some reviewers compared the game to Mosaic's earlier Adrian Mole game, with Sinclair User calling Yes, Prime Minister a superior choice. Sinclair User, reviewing the ZX Spectrum version, opined that the digitised character images were poor, although they were praised by other critics reviewing the C64 version.
Critics found the game's initial release to be overpriced at £14.95. Some reviewers felt that the budget re-release was appropriately priced at £2.99, with Zzap!64 writing that the "repetitiveness is more acceptable and the satirical humour is very amusing – at least for the first few goes." Commodore Format wrote that there is no incentive to play the game a second time "because the scenario remains almost exactly the same," stating that "because of the conversational nature of the game, a second play through can prove tedious." YC, also reviewing the re-release, opined that the game was showing its age and that it would only appeal to fans of the series, while writing that it was a good value and worthwhile purchase for any fan.
References
External links
Yes, Prime Minister at Spectrum Computing
Yes, Prime Minister at Gamebase 64
Yes Minister
Video games based on television series
Political satire video games
1987 video games
Amstrad CPC games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron games
Commodore 64 games
DOS games
ZX Spectrum games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Single-player video games
Federico Bianchi (born May 23, 1983, in Pacific Palisades, California) is a former American professional soccer player.  They are of Italian ancestry.
Career
College
Bianchi attended Pacific Palisades High School, before playing college soccer at Boston University, where they were named MVP for the American East Tournament as a senior in 2004.
Professional
After spending time playing in the MLS Reserve Division with Los Angeles Galaxy's reserves in 2005, Bianchi signed to play with the Long Island Rough Riders in the USL Second Division in 2006.
Bianchi joined the expansion California Victory in the USL First Division prior to their debut season in 2007, and played in 11 games for the team, scoring 2 goals, before the team folded at the end of the season.
Bianchi was unable to secure a professional contract following Victory's demise, and returned to southern California. After playing for a year in men's amateur leagues in the Los Angeles area, including for Hollywood United in a celebrity charity game against Los Angeles Galaxy, Bianchi signed with the expansion Hollywood United Hitmen in the USL Premier Development League in 2009, and played 12 games for the team in their debut PDL season.
Coaching
Bianchi is currently the head coach of Los Angeles Blues 23 in the USL Premier Development League, and also the boys' soccer team at Crossroads School in Santa Monica, California. In 2012 Bianchi led their Crossroads team to their first California state championship.  They are also the head coach for the Boys' U-11 Santa Monica United club.
References
1983 births
Living people
American soccer players
American soccer coaches
Boston University Terriers men's soccer players
Long Island Rough Riders players
California Victory players
Hollywood United Hitmen players
OC Pateadores Blues players
USL Second Division players
USL First Division players
USL League Two players
Soccer players from California
American sportspeople of Italian descent
Association football midfielders
High school soccer coaches in the United States
Ronald Bishop (born 30 May 1931) is a British archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1931 births
Living people
British male archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Liverpool
{{Infobox beauty pageant|photo=| the best national costume=Sofiya Iya|withdraws=|returns=|next=2016|before=2014|photogenic=Satsuki|congeniality=|broadcaster=Channel 3 (Thailand)|caption=|venue=Pattaya, Thailand|placements=10|entrants=26|acts=Isabella SantiagoMiss International Queen 2014|presenters=Puwanart KupalinSaraichatt Jirapaet|date=10 November 2015|winner=Trixie Maristella|debuts=}}Miss International Queen 2015''', the 11th Miss International Queen pageant, was held on November 10, 2015, at Pattaya City in Thailand. Isabella Santiago of Venezuela crowned their successor, Trixie Maristela of the Philippines at the end of the event.
Results
Special Awards
Best in Talent
Contestants
26 contestants competed for the title.
References
External links
2015 beauty pageants
2015
Beauty pageants in Thailand
James John Thomas (1868 – August 6, 1947) was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Ohio. They were the 40th mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 36th person to serve in that office. They were elected on Tuesday, November 4, 1919 and defeated incumbent Democratic mayor George J. Karb. They served Columbus immediately after World War I and throughout the 1920s.
After three consecutive terms in office they were defeated in the 1931 mayoral election by Henry W. Worley.
References
Bibliography
External links
James J. Thomas at Political Graveyard
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
1868 births
1947 deaths
People from Wrexham
Welsh emigrants to the United States
Ohio Republicans
Columbus City Council members
Twicelights World Tour was the first world tour by South Korean girl group Twice. It saw 25 concerts in 16 cities across various countries in Asia and North America, spanning from May 2019 to February 2020. Four encore shows in Seoul and Tokyo that were originally scheduled for early 2020 were cancelled following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Background
On April 8, 2019, JYP Entertainment announced that Twice would hold their first world tour in 9 cities including Seoul, Bangkok, Manila, Los Angeles, and Chicago starting from May 25. On July 17, the 7 cities in Japan including Hokkaido, Chiba, and Osaka were adding to the tour schedule. Member Mina wasn't able to participate in Singapore, North American leg and Kuala Lumpur concerts due to their anxiety. October 18, it was announced that Twice would hold additional concerts in Tokyo on March 3 and 4, 2020; additional concerts in Seoul for March 7 and 8 were added a month later.
On February 24, 2020, JYP Entertainment announced that due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in South Korea, the final shows in Seoul were cancelled; it was followed by the announcement of the cancellation of the Tokyo shows two days later.
Set lists
Tour dates
Cancelled dates
Boxscore
References
2019 concert tours
Concert tours of Asia
Concert tours of Japan
Concert tours of North America
Concert tours of South Korea
Concert tours of the United States
Holy Bowl may refer to:
An annual football game between Central Catholic Marianist High School and Holy Cross High School San Antonio.
An annual football game between Jesuit High School, Sacramento and Christian Brothers High School, Sacramento
An annual football game between Providence Christian Academy of Lilburn, Georgia and Hebron Christian Academy of Dacula, Georgia. See: Holy Bowl (Georgia)
An annual High School Football Game in San Diego. Cathedral Catholic High School Vs the All-Boys Catholic High School Saint Augustine.
The Monastery of St. Benedict is formed by the Church and the Monastery, located in the Historic Center of the Brazilian capital of João Pessoa, in the state of Paraíba.
The São Bento Monastery, located in the Historic Center of João Pessoa, is a Baroque style building, built by the Benedictine monks, formed by the monastery and the church, considered one of the most important in Brazil. The construction of the monastery dates from the seventeenth century, and the church, from the eighteenth century, which was listed by the Institute of National Historical and Artistic Heritage (Iphan) on January 10, 1957. In 1995, the complex was restored and currently its interior, there are music concerts and sung masses.
Story
The Set, formed by the church and the monastery, was built under the invocation of Our Lady of Mount Serrat. The work began when the Benedictines arrived in João Pessoa at the time that the State was the Royal Captaincy of Paraíba, around 1590. After the construction, it became one of the first and main places for religious services established in João Pessoa . And, according to Iphan, this set is among the most important monuments of the country, in its style and its era. The construction of the monastery dates from the seventeenth century, and the church, from the eighteenth century. Currently, the group has undergone an intense recovery that is part of the Revitalization Program of Historic Centers
.
Its construction was created by Frei Cipriano of life, a lirelado, the rearguard of the eighteen years to be completed, the tiling, the rear and the throne, and the auscultations continued until 1749, year of prayer of the first non-local mass. As reforms of 1811, were created by João de Santa Rita, enlarging the pavement of the chapel and realizing other repairs.
Recognized and inscribed as a historical patrimony by IPHAN since January 10, 1957 by the Institute of National Historical and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN), its sober architecture in contrast to the architectural style of other churches of the Benedictine order impresses by the harmony and beauty of its lines, following the canons of the Portuguese constructions in the time of Brazil Colony. In the time of the tipping it was much altered internally, conserving of original the external aspect with one of its two unfinished towers.
In its facade stands the frontispiece, richly worked in limestone, bearing the coat of arms of the Order of St. Benedict. Its tower is surmounted by a dome in stonework, on which is an indicator of the winds, constituted of a copper blade with profile of a lion that revolves around a staff, traditional landmark of the Benedictine churches.
With the closure of the Benedictine activities in João Pessoa in 1921, due to conflict with the jurisdiction of the then 1st bishop of Paraíba, the church remained closed for several years. The group underwent an intense recovery, having their works closed and reopened to the public in 1995.
Currently, the Church of São Bento continues to enchant fies and tourists through concerts of erudite music and sung masses.
See also
Church of Mercy
Church and Convent of Our Lady of the Rosary
Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Snows
Church of Saint Peter Gonzalez
São Francisco Cultural Center
References
Christian monasteries in Brazil
St. Mary's By the River is a historic building at 3855 River Road in Moss Point, Mississippi.
It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Tudor Revival architecture in Mississippi
Houses completed in 1929
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Mississippi
Wynns or Wynn's can refer to:
Businesses
Wynn's, subsidiary of Illinois Tool Works
Wynns (wine), Australian winery
People
Austin Wynns (born 1990), American baseball player
Jill Wynns, American politician
Mahala Wynns (born 1948), Turks and Caicos Islands politician
Thomas Wynns (1764–1825), American politician
See also
Wynn (disambiguation)
Rachana is a 1983 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan and produced by Sivan Kunnampilly. The film stars Srividya, Nedumudi Venu, Bharath Gopi and Mammootty in the lead roles. The film has musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan. Bharath Gopi won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor and the Kerala Film Critics' Award for Best Actor for their performance in the film. Srividya won the Kerala State Film award for Best Actress for their performance in the same movie.
Cast
Srividya as Sarada
Nedumudi Venu as Achyuthanunni
Bharath Gopi as Sreeprasad
Mammootty as Gopi
Jagathy Sreekumar as Thomas
Vijay Menon as Rajan
Poornima Jayaram as Thulasi
Thrissur Elsy as Thomas's wife
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by Mullanezhi.
Awards
Kerala State Film Awards
Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor - Bharat Gopy
Kerala State Film award for Best Actress - Srividya
Kerala Film Critics' Award
Best Actor – Bharat Gopy
References
External links
rachana
1983 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Kalachakram is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. Narayanan and produced by A. Raghunath. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Bahadoor and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Ravi
Jayabharathi as Radha
sasi
Adoor Bhasi as Kochukuttan
T. S. Muthaiah
Bahadoor as Prabhu
Radhamani
Rani Chandra
Sudheer
Vincent
Mammootty as Coxswain (bit part, uncredited)
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Arthur DeBoer, (July 2, 1917-July 31, 2007), was an American cardiologist specializing in cardiac surgery at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. DeBoer was one of the pioneer cardiac surgeons in Chicago and was on staff at Wesley Memorial Hospital (later called Northwestern University Hospital). DeBoer was the hospital's first chief of cardiothoracic surgery, and performed the first open-heart operation at Wesley Memorial Hospital in 1958. They served as Chair of Northwestern's Department of Cardiovascular Surgery until 1975. They were also a pioneer in research on congenital heart defects.
They were born to John and Lucy DeBoer in Gallatin County, Montana, and was a graduate of Montana Normal School (now University of Montana Western) earning their B.E. Degree in 1938. They earned a B.S. Degree from University of Montana while teaching school. They graduated from Northwestern University Medical School in 1946 and after serving their internship at Wesley Hospital they served in the U.S. Army Medical Corps in Asia.
References
American cardiac surgeons
1917 births
2007 deaths
University of Montana alumni
Feinberg School of Medicine alumni
Northeastern University faculty
Cardiac surgery
Cardiovascular researchers
20th-century surgeons
Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves is an action thriller novel released on 12 October 2011 by Australian author Matthew Reilly. It is the latest installment in the Shane Schofield series.
Marketing
On 24 December 2010, Reilly announced their fifth Scarecrow novel, stating:
One month before the official release, Reilly's publisher released a video trailer for the book.
Plot summary
During a routine re-staffing of Dragon Island, an old Soviet weapons installation in the Arctic, a Russian Spetsnaz team comes under fire from an unknown enemy. Vasily Ivanov, a researcher assigned to Dragon, manages to send out a distress signal which is intercepted by an American listening station in Alaska before their plane is shot down. Dragon Island was once the cornerstone of Soviet weapons research, a place where cutting-edge weapons were designed by scientists with a blank cheque. It has been seized by an organisation calling themselves "The Army of Thieves", led by the enigmatic Lord of Anarchy. Self-proclaimed anarchists, the Army is made up of former enforcers of the Pinochet regime, Sudanese Janjaweed militants, Islamic fundamentalists and narco-terrorists. They are planning to unleash Dragon Island's centrepiece, known as the Tesla Weapon. Experiments with rocket fuel and samples of acids acquired from the atmosphere of Venus have created a compound that, when ignited, can set fire to the atmosphere. The Tesla Weapons were constructed on Dragon Island, as prevailing air currents will disperse the acid-fuel mixture around the world. The Army of Thieves have taken control of the facility on Dragon Island and have activated the preliminary stages of the Tesla Weapon.
Still reeling from the events of Scarecrow, United States Marine Corps Captain Shane Schofield has been reassigned to an equipment-testing project in the Arctic; this equipment includes BRT-E, or "Bertie", a multi-functional, independently intelligent robot. Although cleared for active duty, Schofield is seen as a liability by the Corps and has spent most of their time teaching new recruits. Their situation is somewhat complicated by an outstanding bounty on their head; although members of the Majestic-12 conspiracy are dead, the French government has offered to pay the bounty as retaliation for the events of Ice Station and Scarecrow. Schofield is one of just two units close to Dragon Island; the other is a Navy SEAL team stationed on the USS Miami, a Los Angeles–class submarine. Ira Barker, the leader of this unit, warns Schofield to stay away from Dragon Island or else risk being caught in the crossfire. The SEAL insertion is a disaster, with every member of the team being killed off by the Army. With no other choice, Schofield makes for Dragon Island.
Schofield and their unit locate the remains of Ivanov's downed plane, and manage to rescue them while the Army attack. However, they are interrupted by the arrival of a French submarine; the French government has sent an assassin known as Renard after Schofield. Realising the threat posed by the Army, Schofield saves Renard and two members of the French commando team sent after him, Dubois and Huguenot, also known as "The Barbarian", or "Baba" and described as Mother's equal. Successfully infiltrating Dragon Island, Renard reveals themselves to be Veronique Champion, cousin to Luc Champion, a French researcher killed in Ice Station. They agree to help Schofield stop the Army, but pledges to kill them once the threat ends. They question Ivanov, who reveals that in order to fire the Tesla weapon, the Army needs to seed the atmosphere with the acid-rocket fuel mixture, before firing a battery of missiles armed with red uranium into the cloud. Schofield decides to target the red uranium and throw it into the Arctic Ocean.
As Schofield and their team begin to fight their way through the installation, David Fairfax – their friend in the Defense Intelligence Agency – begins to research the Army and Dragon Island. They grow suspicious that an irregular army such as the Army of Thieves would be able to carry out a string of attacks against high-value targets to arm themselves, and their suspicions are confirmed when they find a CIA operative named Marius Calderon was writing about Dragon Island before the Soviet Union actually built anything there. They confirm that the Lord of Anarchy is actually Calderon, the CIA's foremost expert on psychological operations and gifted with extraordinary foresight; Calderon predicted the rise of China as an economic superpower by 2010 as early as 1982. Fairfax realises that Calderon let the Soviet Union discover the plans to the Tesla Weapon, and that the acid-rocket fuel mix will be distributed by the jetstream over China, India and Europe; once ignited, these regions will be decimated, but the United States will be relatively unaffected and able to preserve its position as the world's only economic superpower. Calderon succeeds in firing a missile armed with red uranium into the gas cloud, igniting it, but it is revealed that Ira Barker survived the SEAL team's assault and was able to shut down the gas diffusion process long enough to create a safe buffer, thereby limiting the ignition. However, Calderon still has several missiles at their disposal, and the larger gas cloud is well within their range.
Schofield destroys the red uranium primers one by one, but most team is captured before they can destroy the last two. They and their team are tortured by Calderon – Mother and Baba have their heads locked in wooden boxes with hungry rats – before Schofield is electrocuted and their signature sunglasses claimed as a prize by Calderon.  They are revived by Bertie and finds Mother and Baba survived by biting the heads off the rats locked in with them. They then give chase to Calderon before they can either launch the final missile, or detonate a warhead on board a cargo plane. Calderon escapes by ejecting a stolen mini-submersible from their plane, but Schofield ejects the last missile from the plane before it can ignite the gas cloud. The subsequent explosion disables Calderon's submarine; they are found two weeks later by a Norwegian fishing trawler, having suffocated at the bottom of the ocean.
With the threat posed by the Army finally over, the Russian government authorises a missile strike on Dragon Island. Schofield races back to the facility and gathers their unit in a nuclear bunker hidden under a laboratory. The missile destroys Dragon Island and kills the remnants of the Army. Schofield and their team are found alive and well several days later, having survived the blast. They are commended by the President for their actions, and the French government lift the bounty on Schofield's head for rescuing Veronique's team. Having finally come to terms with the death of Elizabeth Gant, Schofield starts a relationship with Veronique Champion – however, upon returning to the Marine barracks, they find their sunglasses in their room, implying that Marius Calderon is alive.
Main characters
Shane "Scarecrow" Schofield
A brilliant Marine Captain who is considered broken from the bounty hunt in the book Scarecrow after their girlfriend, Elizabeth "Fox" Gant, was killed.  They are still recovering and has a USA $2,000,000 bounty on them from the French Government.  They are working up in the North Pole with a DARPA team testing out new inventions along with their trusted friend Mother and two other Marines.  They are constantly tormented by Marius Calderon over the death of Gant and a side story is them trying to cope with the loss.
Gena "Mother" Newman
A friend of Schofield's who knows them better than most people as they have been with them since before the events in Ice Station. They try to help Schofield get through Gant's death, which is also causing a strain in their marriage. Mother meets their perfect match and the two grow close.
David Fairfax
A geeky cryptanalyst working with the DIA who helps Schofield by obtaining information to help with the mission. Schofield and Fairfax are good friends who Schofield stays in contact with for most of the book. Fairfax saves a woman from being kidnapped by several members of the Army of Thieves and they work on trying to find out why the Army of Thieves is on Dragon Island.
Veronique "Renard" Champion
Champion, the cousin of Luc Champion who was killed during the events in Ice Station, is a French woman Schofield meets during a failed assassination attempt, is trying to avenge their cousin's, which they blame on Schofield. During the novel's events, Schofield and Champion grow close and by the end, it is possible they have started a relationship together. It is revealed that Renard is French for fox (Libby Gant, Schofield's girlfriend killed in Scarecrow, has the callsign "Fox").
Jean-Claude Francois Michel "Le Barbarian/Baba" Huguenot
Mother's perfect match who is part of the French assassination attempt on Schofield due to the bounty on him. Mother and Baba share many similarities and they work closely together during the mission. Mother is offered the chance to be with Baba but in the end, they decide to stay with their husband.
Marius Calderon
A CIA agent who theorised that China will become more powerful than the U.S. almost three decades before it did.  They are the leader of the Army of Thieves who uses Psychological warfare against Schofield, going as far as to taunt Schofield over the loss of Gant. Calderon even makes Schofield watch as they presumably kill Mother and Baba for no reason than for them to just see it happen. Schofield was informed that Calderon died, which is later found to be false when they leaf Schofield's anti-flash glasses that they took earlier and left them on their bed.
References
External links
Official Trailer
2011 Australian novels
Novels by Matthew Reilly
Works about the United States Marine Corps
Macmillan Publishers books
Novels set in the Arctic
Novels set on islands
In display technology parlance, viewing angle is the angle at which a display can be viewed with acceptable visual performance. In a technical context, the angular range is called viewing cone defined by a multitude of viewing directions. The viewing angle can be an angular range over which the display view is acceptable, or it can be the angle of generally acceptable viewing, such as a twelve o'clock viewing angle for a display optimized or viewing from the top.
The image may seem garbled, poorly saturated, of poor contrast, blurry, or too faint outside the stated viewing angle range, the exact mode of "failure" depends on the display type in question. For example, some projection screens reflect more light perpendicular to the screen and less light to the sides, making the screen appear much darker (and sometimes colors distorted) if the viewer is not in front of the screen. Many manufacturers of projection screens thus define the viewing angle as the angle at which the luminance of the image is exactly half of the maximum. With LCD screens, some manufacturers have opted to measure the contrast ratio, and report the viewing angle as the angle where the contrast ratio exceeds 5:1 or 10:1, giving minimally acceptable viewing conditions.
The viewing angle is measured from one direction to the opposite, giving a maximum of 180° for a flat, one-sided screen. A display may exhibit different behaviour in horizontal and vertical axes, requiring users and manufacturers to specify maximum usable viewing angles in both directions. Usually the screens are designed to facilitate greater viewing angle in horizontal level, and smaller angle in the vertical level, should the two of them be different in magnitude.
The viewing angle for some displays is specified in only a general direction, such at 6 o'clock or 12 o'clock.
Early LCDs had strikingly narrow viewing cones, a situation that has been improved with current technology.
Narrow viewing cones of some types of displays have also been used to bring a measure of security in businesses, where employees handle private information in the presence of customers, banks being one example. Rectangular filters fitting to the computer monitors have also been sold as accessories for this purpose.
LEDs
LEDs are measured so that the line along half the viewing-angle from directly forward is half the brightness as at directly forward.
References
Display technology
The Women's 100 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 22 and 23 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 22 June at 09:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 22 June at 18:11.
Final
The final was held on 23 June at 18:02.
References
Women's 100 metre freestyle
Iran Software & Hardware Co. (NOSA) (, Shirkat-e Nurmafezad vâ Sixtafezad Iran (NUSA)) is an independently owned development and consulting corporation, which provides software applications and support to businesses of all sizes located in Iran. Since its founding in 1988, NOSA has engaged in the development and distribution of a range of integrated business software, library systems and related products designed to meet the needs of the public, private and not-for-profit organizations in the region.
Simorgh
Iran Software & Hardware Company's digital information management package for companies and libraries. Simorgh is an n-tier program based on .NET framework. Simorgh uses three databases in order to effectively store information. The first server is an indigenous Database Management System built by NOSA that can efficiently support right to left and left to right text functionality and search options while storing document and book information. The second server is an SQL repository of all digital media files and documents with in document search engine. Simorgh's third server is also based on SQL and stores user and system information.
Simorgh is used in hundreds of libraries and companies around Iran, including Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting corporation's 52 countrywide databases, which are all now using a single server solution and online client accesses. Simorgh can link libraries and data sources to provide unified access through one portal. Simorgh can be used as a repository of digital documents and provide them to clients. The latest version of Simorgh incorporates radio-frequency identification, and was covered by news agencies including the Iranian News channel, the Iranian Technology news and the Iranian Students News Agency.
NOSA Books
With arising needs of scholars to use digital sources for research and the desire of publishers and libraries to safely share such copyrighted sources online, NOSA created NOSA Books. This Project uses an artificial intelligent cloud computing server called Brain Center to match available metadata and document information across all of Simorgh's network of 100+ libraries and intelligently match them with reference libraries such as Library of Congress, National Library of Medicine and National Library of Iran.
See also
Library 2.0
Enterprise resource planning
Database management system
Radio frequency identification
References
External links
NOSA's Website
Companies established in 1988
Financial software companies
Software companies of Iran
Ken Gemes is Professor of Philosophy at Birkbeck, University of London. Their primary interests are Nietzsche and philosophy of science.
Education and career
Gemes earned their PhD from the University of Pittsburgh in 1990 with a dissertation in philosophy of science working with Clark Glymour and Wesley Salmon. They taught at Yale University for ten years before moving to Birkbeck in 2000.
Philosophical work
Gemes's work has covered a wide range of philosophical issues, from technical concerns of logical content to Nietzsche's account of philosophy as the "last manifestation of the ascetic ideal".
Selected publications
The Oxford Handbook of Nietzsche, Ken Gemes and John Richardson, eds. Oxford University Press, 2013
Nietzsche on Freedom and Autonomy, Ken Gemes and Simon May eds., Oxford University Press, 2009
Gemes, Ken (1992), Nietzsche's Critique of Truth, Philosophy and Phenomenological Research, Vol. 52, No. 1, March 1992, pp. 47–65
Gemes, Ken (1993), Hypothetico-Deductivism, Content, and the Natural Axiomatization of Theories, Philosophy of Science, Vol. 60, No. 3 Sep., pp. 477–487
"Hypothetico-deductivism, content, and the natural axiomatization of theories" in Philosophy of Science, 1993
"A new theory of content I: Basic content," in Journal of Philosophical Logic, 1994
"Hypothetico-deductivism: the current state of play; the criterion of empirical significance: endgame" in Erkenntnis 1998
"Horwich, Hempel, and Hypothetico-Deductivism" in Philosophy of Science, 1990
"The indeterminacy thesis reformulated" Journal of Philosophy, 1991
" Verisimilitude and content" in Synthese, 2007
"The world in itself: Neither uniform nor physical" in Synthese, 1987
"Hypothetico-deductivism: incomplete but not hopeless," in Erkenntnis 2005
"Content & Watkins's Account of Natural Axiomatizations" in Dialectica 2006
"Naturalism and Value in Nietzsche" in Philosophy and Phenomenonological Research, 2005
"Schurz on hypothetico-deductivism" in Erkenntnis, 1994
"Inductive Skepticism and the Probability Calculus I: Popper and Jeffreys on Induction and the Probability of Law-Like Universal Generalizations" in Philosophy of Science 1997
"Nihilism and the Affirmation of Life: A Review of and Dialogue with Bernard Reginster" in European Journal of Philosophy
"A refutation of global scepticism" in Analysis 2009
"Bootstrapping and Content Parts" in Erkenntnis 2006
"Irrelevance: Strengthening the Bayesian Requirements" in Synthese, 2007
"Nietzsche on free will, autonomy and the sovereign individual" in Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society 2006
"Postmodernism's use and abuse of Nietzsche" in Philosophy and Phenomenological Research 2001
"A new theory of content II: Model theory and some alternatives" Journal of Philosophical Logic 1997
"Life's Perspectives" in The Oxford Handbook of Nietzsche 2013
References
20th-century British philosophers
21st-century British philosophers
New College of the Humanities
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nietzsche scholars
Edward Frederick James (born 14 May 1947) is a British scholar of medieval history and science fiction.  They are a Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at University College, Dublin. James received the Hugo Award for their non-fiction book The Cambridge Companion to Science Fiction (co-edited with Farah Mendlesohn), and the Pilgrim Award for lifetime contribution to SF and fantasy scholarship.
Biography
James was born in Solihull, Warwickshire. They attended the Solihull School and read Modern History at St John's College, Oxford (1965-1968). They completed postgraduate work at the Institute of Archaeology, Oxford, 1968-1970, supervised by Professor Christopher Hawkes. James was awarded D.Phil in 1975, for a thesis entitled ‘South-West Gaul from the fifth to the eighth century: the contribution of archaeology'. They began teaching in 1970 at University College, Dublin.
They were a lecturer at the Department of Medieval History in University College Dublin from 1970 to 1978. They were a lecturer in early medieval history at the Department of History, University of York, 1978 to 1995, as well as Director of the Centre for Medieval Studies, University of York from 1990 to 1995.
They were Professor of Medieval History at the University of Reading from 1995 to 2004 and was a Director of the Graduate from Centre for Medieval Studies, 1999–2001. They retired in 2012.
Recognition
James is the recipient of the 2004 Pilgrim Award for lifetime contribution to science fiction and fantasy scholarship. They have also won the Hugo Award for Best Related Work and a BSFA Award for Best Non-Fiction, in addition to multiple nominations for individual works.
Personal life
James married their fellow academic, Farah Mendlesohn in 2001.
Selected works
Visigothic Spain: New Approaches. Edited by James. Oxford: Clarendon Press; New York: Oxford University Press, 1980. ()
The Origins of France: From Clovis to the Capetians, 500–1000. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1982. .
The Franks. Oxford, UK: Blackwell, 1988. .
The Profession of Science Fiction: SF Writers on their Craft and Ideas. Edited by Maxim Jakubowski and James; foreword by Arthur C. Clarke. Insights series. Macmillan UK, 1992. . New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. (.
Science Fiction in the Twentieth Century. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1994. )
The Cambridge Companion to Science Fiction. Edited by James and Farah Mendlesohn. Cambridge, U.K.: Cambridge University Press, 2003. .
Britain in the First Millennium. London: Oxford University Press, 2001. .
Europe's Barbarians, AD 200–600. Harlow, England: Pearson Longman, 2009. .
A Short History of Fantasy. Farah Mendlesohn and James. London: Middlesex University Press, 2009. .
The Cambridge Companion to Fantasy Literature. Edited by James and Farah Mendlesohn. Cambridge, U.K.: Cambridge University Press, 2012. .
Notes
References
External links
1947 births
British medievalists
British literary critics
Science fiction academics
Hugo Award-winning editors
Academics of University College Dublin
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Academics of the University of York
Academics of the University of Reading
Living people
Male speculative fiction editors
Sola is a Cuban town and consejo popular ("people's council", i.e. hamlet) of the municipality of Sierra de Cubitas, in Camagüey Province.With a population (2011) of about 10,000, it is the largest settlement of its municipality, including the seat town of Cubitas.
History
Founded on September 28, 1920, it was originally part of Camagüey municipality until the 1977 administrative reform, when it became part of the new municipality of Sierra de Cubitas, whose seat, Cubitas, was founded in the end of 1976.
Geography
Located on a wide rural plain, few km south of the Atlantic Coast and the island of Cayo Guajaba, Sola is divided into a pair of circumscriptions named "Sola 1" and "Sola 2". It is 8 km from La Gloria, 10 from Cubitas, 18 from Senado, 25 from Minas, 30 from Lugareño, 37 from Brasil, 50 from Nuevitas, 51 from Esmeralda and 60 from Camagüey city centre.
Transport
Sola is crossed to the south by the state highway "Circuito Norte" (CN), and in the middle by the provincial road 5-521. It counts a railway station on the Santa Clara-Camajuaní-Morón-Nuevitas line, with local and long-distance trains, connecting the town with Havana too.
Health
The village has a general hospital named "Policlínico 13 de Marzo", located between the centre and the Circuito Norte.
See also
Sierra de Cubitas Municipal Museum
Municipalities of Cuba
List of cities in Cuba
References
External links
House of Culture of Sola
Sola Destination Guide on trip-suggest.com
Sola Weather on accuweather.com
Populated places in Camagüey Province
Populated places established in 1920
is a public junior college in Ōita, Ōita Prefecture, Japan, established in 1961. The university has departments in art, music, global studies, and information and communication.
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1961
Public universities in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ōita Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1961 establishments in Japan
ČEZ Aréna may refer to:
ČEZ Aréna (Ostrava), in Ostrava, Czech Republic
ČEZ Aréna (Pardubice), in Pardubice, Czech Republic
ČEZ Aréna (Plzeň), in Plzeň, Czech Republic
Nambarrie is the brand name of a tea company, founded in Belfast in 1860, and later based in Andover, Hampshire. Now owned by Twinings, Nambarrie Tea Co. Ltd. operates delivery depots in Mallusk, County Antrim and Glasgow, being the third biggest brand in Scotland.
Founding and war years
Founded in 1860, the company began trading in York Street, Belfast, originally as 'Pratt and Montgomery'. During wartime bombing in 1941, the company's premises in Tomb Street, Belfast were completely destroyed, reportedly leaving only a horse drawn delivery van intact.
Sponsorship
In 1998, Nambarrie teamed up with author Geoff Hill to sponsor "The Nambarrie Run: Delhi to Belfast on a Royal Enfield", and repeated the stunt in 2006 with "The Nambarrie Run II: Chile to Alaska on a Triumph". Richard McQuillan, Marketing Executive for Nambarrie said "We are delighted to be involved with Geoff in their latest journey, as the number one tea in Northern Ireland it is great that we can be supportive of our local writing talent."
Nambarrie has also been involved in sponsoring many other charity events, such as The Great Scottish Run in 2002, and raising money for The Maggie's Centre, Glasgow's first dedicated cancer care centre.
Former factory
On 10 April 2008 Nambarrie announced plans to close its factory in Belfast. The factory is now closed and production currently takes place in England.
The signage at the Belfast Nambarrie factory is still attached, however the building is now disused and has since fallen into disrepair.
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in Hampshire
Tea brands in the United Kingdom
Food and drink companies of Northern Ireland
Companies based in Belfast
Cuisine of Northern Ireland
Andover, Hampshire
Ramón S. Aldea (born 13 August 1932) is a Filipino former archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1932 births
Living people
Filipino male archers
Olympic archers of the Philippines
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Andrew Charles Gilchrist (born 5 December 1960) is a British trade unionist and former firefighter who served as the General Secretary of the Fire Brigades Union from 2000 to 2005.
Early life
Gilchrist was born the son of Edward and Shirley Gilchrist. They were educated at Bedford Modern School.
Career
Gilchrist started their career at the Bedfordshire and Luton Fire and Rescue Service, where they worked from 1979 until 1996. As a member of the Fire Brigades Union, they became a member of the executive council in 1993, a position they held until 2000. They were a national officer from 1996 to 2000 and General Secretary from 2000 to 2005 before losing their position to Matt Wrack in 2005.
Gilchrist was a Member of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress from 2000 to 2005 and a member of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters from 2006 to 2008. Since 2010 they have been the National Education Officer at the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers.
Phone hacking scandal
Gilchrist was a victim of the News International phone hacking scandal.
Family life
Gilchrist married Loretta Borman in 1985 and they have a son (Alexander Mark Gilchrist) and a daughter (Scarlett Faye Gilchrist).
References
General Secretaries of the Fire Brigades Union
British firefighters
1960 births
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
People educated at Bedford Modern School
Living people
Henri-Marie-Ernest-Désiré Pinault (7 September 1904 – 24 February 1987) was the Roman Catholic bishop of Chengdu from 1949 until 1983, four years before their death.
Early life
Pinault was born in 1904 into a family of farmers in Tinténiac deanery in Trévérien commune, Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France. In 1905 the Pinault family settled on a farm in Évran commune in the Côtes du Nord department of Brittany. Pinault had their primary school studies in Évran and their secondary schooling at the Cordeliers in Dinan. The Pinaults were devout Roman Catholics and Henri had an uncle who was a priest in the diocese of St. Brieuc and a cousin who was a priest in the diocese of Rennes. In 1922 Pinault was ordained as a priest, and on 29 June 1929 they received their appointment as a Priest of La Société des Missions Etrangères.
Years in China
On 15 September 1929 Father Pinault embarked on their mission to Chengdu, China. When they first arrived in China the country was in turmoil. After spending several months in Chengdu, they were sent to Bazhou to undergo language training. Father Pinault took the Chinese name Peng Daochuan (). The city was captured on 23 February 1933 by forces of the Communist Party of China and clergymen and Christians were forced to flee. Father Pinault found refuge with Benedictine monks in Chongqing. In 1934 Father Pinault was appointed Supérieur du Probatorium at Hebachang, where they organized a hospice in 1942. In 1945 Father Pinault departed from Hebachang and replaced the deceased pastor at Tsong-Kin-Tcheou.
On 14 July 1949 Pinault was appointed to replace the late Jacques-Victor-Marius Rouchouse as Bishop of Chengdu, the highest post in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chengdu in the Ecclesiastical province of Chongqing; Bishop Pinault received their episcopal ordination on 21 September 1949. Only two months later, on 28 December 1949, the city of Chengdu was captured by communist forces. In order to protect their fellow clergy members, Bishop Pinault took personal responsibility for the ownership of all church property. This act placed them at risk as Communist Party administrators placed heavy taxes on religious properties and imprisoned clergy members. Officials ruled that Bishop Pinault was unable to pay their “debts” and threw them in prison in early 1952, where they underwent repeated interrogations. Finally, Bishop Pinault was expelled from China, leaving Chengdu on 29 March 1952 and arriving in Hong Kong on 14 April. Bishop Pinault arrived in Marseilles on June 30 and shortly after visited their mother in Évran. After their departure from China, Pinault retained the title of Bishop of Chengdu, which they would hold until 1983.
Later life and death
Shortly after their arrival in France, Bishop Pinault accepted an assignment as a military chaplain in the French Air Force in North Africa. On 29 December 1953 Bishop Pinault returned to France and spent time at Voreppe before relocating to Paris, working with la Mission bretonne and the ministère épiscopal de Confirmations et d'Ordinations. Bishop Pinault took part in the Second Vatican Council in Rome from 1962-1965. On their return from Rome, Bishop Pinault retired to Évran, where they lived with their mother, who died in 1975, and served neighboring parishes.
In June 1980, Bishop Pinault celebrated Eucharist in Lisieux with Pope John Paul II during the Pope's pilgrimage. In 1983, Pinault retired from their position as Bishop of Chengdu and became its Bishop Emeritus; the position of Bishop of Chengdu was left vacant. In December 1986 Pinault was hospitalized at Rennes with arteritis and underwent several surgeries. They returned home to Évran on 23 February but at 6:00 p.m. on 24 February 1987 they died.  They are buried next to their mother in a small cemetery in Évran.
See also
Catholic Church in Sichuan
Christianity in Sichuan
Notes
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
1904 births
1987 deaths
People from Ille-et-Vilaine
French Roman Catholic bishops in Asia
French military chaplains
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
French Roman Catholic missionaries
Roman Catholic missionaries in Sichuan
Roman Catholic missionaries in China
French expatriates in China
Lý Cao Tông (6 July 1173 – 15 November 1210), born Lý Long Trát, courtesy name Long Cán, was the seventh king of the Lý dynasty, ruled Đại Việt for 35 years. They identified themselves with Buddha, similar with Angkorian Khmer Empire contemporary counterpart Jayavarman VII. Some consider their reign to begin the fall into decay of the Lý Dynasty because of their erroneous determinations. However, many historians agree that they had an important influence in Vietnamese history.
Early life
They were the sixth son of Lý Anh Tông. Their mother was Đỗ Thụy Châu who later became Empress Dowager Đỗ. They were born Lý Long Cán (or Trát) on May 25, 1173 according to the Eastern calendar. They were enthroned when they were very young, at the age of three, as one of the youngest Emperors in Vietnam's history. Prior to this, their predecessor Emperor Lý Anh Tông disposed the former Crown Prince Long Xưởng and replaced Prince Cán with this title. Tô Hiến Thành was trusted to become the regent to help the young Emperor run the court and administer their nation. It is often noted that their age and inexperience proved to be a minimal disadvantage in their ability to govern.
Regent Tô Hiến Thành
Tô Hiến Thành was considered a talent and competent official when they were conferred the title Regent. After the death of Anh Tông, their uppermost consort (now became Empress Dowager Chiêu Linh) wanted to dethrone their son Long Xưởng, who was the former Crown Prince. But thanks to Tô Hiến Thành's peremptoriness, Cán eventually became the successor of the throne.
Tô Hiến Thành fell ill not long after. At death's door, they recommended Empress Dowager Đỗ an official named Trần Trung Tá. They said a good word for their recommendation but it was merely something to please the dying people. After they died in 1179, they chose Đỗ An Di to become the Regent for their son.
In 1181, Lý Long Xưởng led their army in a mutiny and looted the capital. One year later, Empress Dowager Đỗ appointed Lý Kính Tu to teach their son. They were a capable official tutoring the young emperor in literature and morality. Thereafter, Empress Dowager Chiêu Linh and their son gave up the plot to mutiny.
Epicurean Emperor
The king was meek and lenient while young, but after they grew and directly administered their reign, they became more and more cruel and sent the nation into turmoil. They loved to hunt and built themselves large palaces at their people's expense. The codes and rules of their reign were obscure and immoral, leading the people to conflict with the local administration and rebel from the injustice and drudgery. At worst, they devastated buildings and looted villages.
In March 1189, Cao Tông took a trip around the nation and built pagoda or temples wherever a deity or spirit was said to reside. Nine years later, they built Nghênh Thiềm palace. The apex of their indulgence was in 1203, when they had numerous palaces built. By 1208, there were multiple famines and many people died of starvation. Despite the state of their country, the Emperor continued to indulge in pleasure and personal building projects.
An official named Cao Đường Long observed a strange-bird nesting on the roof of the unfinished palace Kính Thiên (means Respecting the Heaven) and predicted that a new and more powerful dynasty would soon supersede the current dynasty. They advised the Emperor to stop the injurious building projects, but the Emperor ignored them and instead listened to a eunuch named Phạm Bỉnh Di. The Emperor also ignored the looting and robberies outside the citadel.
Turbulent era
Unrest
At that time, the affairs of the state were abandoned. Civil belief was replaced by disgust. Many revolts and secessions exploded amongst the peasantry and small local nobles. The court tried to suppress the rebellions, but it was to no actual effect.
In 1192, the civilians from Cổ Hoằng, Thanh Hóa rioted. The rebellions of Câu Diễn and Đinh Khả followed in 1198, who professed to be the descendants of Đinh Tiên Hoàng.
In August 1203, the king of Champa, Vidyanandana, entered Cửa Lò seeking asylum from a Khmer invasion. Vidyanandana killed the governor of Nghệ An, Pham Gieng. Vidyanandana then fled, never to be heard from again.
There was a potent force rebelling in September 1203 under the leading of two people from Đại Hoàng River. Many years ago they had accused Đàm Dĩ Mông of bleeding monetary and civil property. They used the turbulent society and lack of a central power to establish a force to oppose the court. All generals sent to suppress them failed. The first generals were Trần Lệnh Hinh and Từ Anh Nhữ, a minister, who were both killed, and the last general was Đỗ Kính Tu.
In 1207, in the mountainous area of Tản Viên ( now Hà Tây ) there has a revolt of some minorities, which was quite prestigious.
In addition to the internal conflict and constant hunger during this time, the Song Dynasty invaded with their Northern Army and the Vietnamese living in the areas tried to flee.
The shifty official Phạm Du
March 1207, two squires in Hồng Châu area ( now Hải Dương and Hải Phòng) Đoàn Thượng and Đoàn Chủ rioted, built fortifications, and conferred the title Lord on themselves. Cao Tông dispatched a great number of soldiers, dividing them on some corps to suppress the rebellion. There were 4 main corps from 4 directions: the Đại Thông corps of Đàm Dĩ Mông, the Khả Liễu corps of Phạm Bỉnh Di, the Phù Đái corps of Trần Hinh, the Nam Sách corps of Bảo Trinh; they all would assemble to suppress Đoàn Thượng's army. Recognizing that confronting Du with such a large army would kill them all, Thượng bribed Du with costly furniture and willingly followed him, establishing a coalition between Du and Thượng. Thanks to Du's efforts to implore Cao Tông for forgiving Thượng, Thượng saved their neck.
Du went to Nghệ An to manage the army in 1209. This province underwent a catastrophic starvation whereby a large number of people died of hunger. The survivors left their homes and wandered, penniless. Most of them became beggars. Hence Phạm Du told the king that: "The society now is chaotic, and the pillaging and the rebellions are uncontrolled. Please allow me to recruit soldier for establishing a self-defense army ...."
Cao Tông agreed with him. Du recruited the local people to blockade the transport system, both on land and water. Cao Tông identified their army as rebellious and sent Phạm Bỉnh Di with an army from Đằng Châu Hưng Yên to conquer him. Du retreated to Cổ Miệt and united with the army of Đòan Thương and Đoàn Chủ from Hồng Châu. Pham Bỉnh Di was defeated in Đằng Châu. In February 1209, Bỉnh Di fought again with an army from Đằng Châu and Khoái Châu and defeated Du, who fled in retreat. They confiscated all of Du's property and set it on fire.
Đoàn Thượng's army was overthrown in April 1209. Phạm Du bribed high-ranking officials in the capital and accused Bỉnh Di of a ferocious massacre. Cao Tông allowed Trần Hinh to convoke Phạm Du to come to the court and also called Bỉnh Di back. Phạm Du returned to the capital first and told the king false rumors about Bỉnh Di. When Bỉnh Di arrived, Cao Tông sent both them and their son to prison.
General Quách Bốc
After being told of Bỉnh Di's imprisonment, one of their subordinates named Quách Bốc led their army to the Đại Thanh Gate of the citadel and overthrew it to save *. . Phạm Du and Phạm Kinh killed Bỉnh Di and their son and then escaped the citadel with Cao Tông.
Quách Bốc occupied the citadel and enthroned the young prince Lý Thầm. Cao Tông fled to Tam Nông, Phú Thọ and lodged at the residence of Hà Vạn, who was a minority leader holding a substantial force. The Crown Prince Sảm, who later became the succeeding king Lý Huệ Tông, fled to Hải Ấp, Thái Bình with their mother, Noble Consort Đoàn and their two younger sisters. Sảm stayed at the residence of Trần Lý and married their daughter Trần Thị Dung. Then they conferred the title Minh Tự on Trần Lý, and the title Commander of Anterior Citadel on Trần Lý's brother-in-law Tô Trung Từ. Lý Thái Tổ also held the title of Commander of the Anterior Citadel during the time they were an official of the Anterior Lê Dynasty ). They recruited soldiers from the surrounding area and fought against Quách Bốc.
When that Lý Sảm established their own court and arbitrarily conferred titles, Cao Tông sought to suppress their military power. They sent Phạm Du to associate with Đoàn Thượng, but Du missed the meeting with Đoàn Thượng because they spent time with the Princess Thiên Cực. Du was killed by the army of the landlord of Bắc Giang when crossing over Ma Lãng to go to another meeting.
Trần Lý and Tô Trung Từ led their army to the capital to defeat Quách Bốc. At the end of 1209, they suppressed the rebellion Cao Tông was once again king. Trần Lý died in battle. Because Phạm Du was dead and Tô Trung Từ held the most power in the court, Cao Tông was forced to work with him. Even though Đàm Dĩ Mông worked with the rebel Quách Bốc when they occupied the citadel, they became the Thái úy – a rather high official.
There is no document confirming how Quách Bốc and Lý Thầm died.
The ending of the reign and some comments
In October 28, 1210, Cao Tông died at the age of 38 at Thánh Thọ palace. The affairs of the court were committed to Đỗ Kính Tu who became the Regent. The Crown Prince Sảm acceded to the throne and became the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông. The society was more and more turbulent. Ten years later the Lý Dynasty was replaced by the Trần Dynasty
Historians criticize Cao Tông about their incompetence leading to the Lý Dynasty being lost. There were some comments given by Vietnamese ancient historians:
Cao Tông was an epicurean Emperor, who was lost in lust, hunting, spirits, music. They also wasted much money in building their own palace, pagoda ....
They had many competent officials such as Đỗ Kính Tu, Phạm Bỉnh Di but they didn't hear them, per contra, they killed Phạm Bỉnh Di and heard Phạm Du, who was a foxy and deceitful official.
Quách Bốc's force could not be very powerful but instead of confronting and oppressing him, Cao Tông and their subordinates fled cowardly.
Đàm Dĩ Mông was a disloyal official, but instead of killing him, Cao Tông conferred a high-rank on him.
Lê Văn Hưu (1230–1322), a historian of the next generation, criticized Lý Cao Tông for presuming themselves to be a Buddha.
References
Sources
Lý dynasty emperors
1173 births
1210 deaths
Child rulers from Asia
People from Bắc Ninh province
12th-century Vietnamese monarchs
13th-century Vietnamese monarchs
Vietnamese monarchs
Princess Marcella Borghese (1911-2002) was a manufacturer of cosmetics.
History
Marcella Fazi was born in Umbria in 1911. In 1937 they became the second wife of the widowed nobleman Paolo Borghese, Duke of Bomarzo and Prince of Sant' Angelo e San Polo, and acquired the title of Princess. They gave birth to twin boys, Francesco and Livio, the same year. They also had two daughters, Rosanna and Anita Mauritzi, from a previous marriage. They had two grandchildren from their first marriage, Sylvia and Valentina. From their second marriage they had five grandchildren; Scipione, Ilaria and Lorenzo from Francesco's side and from Livio's side, Luca and Matteo.
The fashion-conscious princess had toiletries, including makeup, made specifically for them using the natural ingredients found around the Villa Borghese in Rome, where the family lived. They wanted to create a line of lipsticks in a wider variety of shades than what was available at the time, and once Pope Pius XII gave the cosmetics their blessing, pushed forward with the idea.
Princess Marcella Borghese died in 2002 in their home in Montreux, Switzerland. They were 90 years old, and was buried in the family crypt at the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome.
Business
In 1956, Borghese met cosmetics magnate, Charles Revson, the founder of Revlon. The two struck up a lifelong friendship, as they helped them to create their cosmetics line, which Revlon then licensed under the Princess Marcella Borghese brand name.
One of Princess Marcella Borghese's first collections included brightly colored lipsticks and nail colors to match the vivid colors of their fashion designer friend, Emilio Pucci's knitwear. Them Montecatini Cosmetic line, named after their favorite spa (and an ancient town in Tuscany), used the purported healing properties of the Terme di Montecatini mud and the mineral waters. The Princess was one of the first people to create a skincare line which was based on the natural therapies of a spa.
In 1992 Revlon sold the Borghese brand to Halston Borghese International Limited, a new company set up in New York by four Saudi investors (all brothers) to buy and hold Revlon's Halston and Princess Marcella Borghese divisions. Borghese remained involved in the line named after them until their death.
Today, the company is known as simply Borghese and is based in New York City. It has been run by CEO Georgette Mosbacher since 2000.
References
External links
http://www.thepeerage.com/p8753.htm
https://www.nytimes.com/2002/02/08/business/marcella-borghese-princess-90-began-a-line-of-cosmetics.html
1911 births
2002 deaths
People from Umbria
Cosmetics people
History of cosmetics
Marcella
Cosmetics companies of the United States
Revlon brands
Corrhenes funesta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1869. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1869
Opuntia setispina is a species of cactus found in the Sierra Madre Occidental in Chihuahua, Sonora, and Durango in Mexico. The name O. setispina has been listed as a synonym under Opuntia macrorhiza and Opuntia pottsii, but shows no close relationship to either species. It is more of a woody shrubby, often somewhat tree-like species, growing up to approximately 1 meter tall and wide. It is morphologically similar to Opuntia chlorotica, Opuntia santa-rita, and Opuntia gosseliniana.
Description
Opuntia setispina usually has a single trunk (to occasionally several), mostly ascending to vertical. These trunks are made up of rounded bluish-green to grayish-green cladodes that can reach up to 20 cm in length. Spines on younger cladodes are relatively short (most under 2.5 cm, occasionally longer), slender, with from 0 to 6 per areole, and are usually white. Glochids are in tight white to yellowish clumps. Glochids and spines tend to increase in number and length on older stems, often densely covering trunks. Flowers are rich yellow. Fruits are ovoid to globose, pinkish to red when mature, about 3 cm long, juicy and edible, though not particularly palatable.
Taxonomy
This species, of genus Opuntia and subgenus Opuntia, show close morphological similarity to Opuntia chlorotica, O. santa-rita, and O. gosseliniana. There is evidence of it intergrading with all three where distributions border on each other. The possibly of this taxon being conspecific with those three needs further investigation. Current references and studies relating to O. setispina are few.
Distribution
Western Chihuahua, western Durango, eastern Sonora, and perhaps into Zacatecas & Sinaloa, in Mexico.
References
External links
Opuntia setispina observations at iNaturalist
setispina
Cacti of Mexico
Desert fruits
Edible plants
Plants described in 1850
Taxa named by George Engelmann
Dorcadion holtzi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1905. It is known from Turkey.
References
holtzi
Beetles described in 1905
Todd Hill () is a bluff type elevation (1,245 m) which forms the south extremity of the Briggs Hill massif and the north point of entrance to Descent Pass (leading to Ferrar Glacier), in Victoria Land. Named in 1992 by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Ronald L. Todd, cartographer, United States Geological Survey (USGS); member of the USGS field team which established geodetic control in the Hudson Mountains, Jones Mountains, Thurston Island and Farwell Island areas of Walgreen Coast and Eights Coast during the 1968–69 season.
Hills of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Journal of Comparative Physiology B: Biochemical, Systemic, and Environmental Physiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal of comparative physiology. It was established in 1984, when it was split off from the Journal of Comparative Physiology. The editor-in-chief is Gerhard Heldmaier (Universität Marburg). The journal become electronic only in 2017.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed and abstracted in the following bibliographic databases:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 2.517.
References
External links
Physiology journals
Publications established in 1984
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Zión Moreno (born February 23, 1995) is an American actor and model.  They are known for their television roles in the Netflix series Control Z and the 2021 HBO Max reboot of Gossip Girl as well as their role in the film K-12, written and directed by Melanie Martinez.
Early life
Moreno was born in El Paso, Texas to Mexican parents; their mother is from Chihuahua and their father from Monterrey. They grew up in Albuquerque, New Mexico and spoke Spanish at home.
Moreno is a trans woman and began undergoing their transition while they were still in school; during this time, they faced bullying from their peers.
Career
Moreno moved to New York City at 19 to pursue a career in modeling. They were scouted by Wilhelmina, Elite, and Slay managements. They initially found modeling challenging but has grown to appreciate modeling more since shifting their focus towards acting.
They presented the Diversify TV Awards at the 2017 MIPCOM in Cannes.
Moreno made their on screen debut as Fleur in the 2019 surrealist jukebox musical film K-12. In 2020, they began starring as Isabela de la Fuente in the Mexican Netflix teen drama Control Z. In March 2020, it was announced they had been cast as Luna La in the HBO Max series Gossip Girl, a soft reboot of the original series that premiered on July 8, 2021.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
21st-century American actors
Actors from Albuquerque, New Mexico
Actors from El Paso, Texas
American actors of Mexican descent
American television actors
Female models from New Mexico
Female models from Texas
Hispanic and Latino American actores
Hispanic and Latino American female models
LGBT Hispanic and Latino American people
LGBT people from New Mexico
LGBT people from Texas
Transgender actores
Transgender female models
1995 births
21st-century American women
American actores of Mexican descent
TV2000 is an Italy-based broadcasting network that carries Roman Catholic-themed programming, available on digital terrestrial television in Italy and owned by the Italian Episcopal Conference, the conference of the Catholic bishops of Italy.
Launched as Sat 2000 in 1998 and so renamed in 2009, it is broadcast in Italy on DTT channel 28 on mux TIMB 2, via satellite Hot Bird 13B at 13°Est (12092 MHz, pol.H, Sr 29900,3/4 and Eutelsat 9B at 9°Est (12466 MHz, pol.V, Sr 41950, 3/4).
Programming
Religious programs
Holy Mass broadcast by the Centro Televisivo Vaticano
The Holy Rosary from Lourdes.
Other programs
Actuality programs like Nel cuore dei giorni
Information like TG2000
Educational and inspirational programming such as documentaries from National Geographic Society
Television series such as Don Matteo from RAI
Talk shows such as Romanzo familiare
Classical music concerts
Current affairs programming
See also
Padre Pio TV
Telepace
Vatican Media
References
External links
Official Website
Mass media in Rome
Free-to-air
Catholic television networks
Italian-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1998
Television channels in Italy
The 1893 Pittsburgh Athletic Club football season was their third season in existence. The team finished with a record of 7–2.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Pittsburgh Athletic Club
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football seasons
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football
Kapu refers to a social grouping of agriculturists found primarily in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Kapus are primarily an agrarian community, forming a heterogeneous peasant caste.
They are classified as a Forward Caste in Andhra Pradesh, where they are the dominant community in the districts of East Godavari and West Godavari. They are distinct from three other Kapu communities that were present in the state prior to its bifurcation with the creation of Telangana in 2014. The Munnuru Kapu are found primarily in Telangana, the Turpu Kapu in the areas of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam, and the Balija in Rayalaseema. The first two of these other three communities are classified as Other Backward Classes.
Etymology
Kāpu literally means cultivator or agriculturist in Telugu. Various subgroups of Kapus branched off into separate communities in the post-Kakatiya period (Velamas, Panta Kapus and Pakanati Kapus—both of whom got labelled Reddys, and Kapus of Kammanadu—eventually labelled Kammas). The remaining Kapus continue to use the original label. All the cultivator caste clusters have a common ancestry in the legends. According to Cynthia Talbot, the transformation of occupational identities as caste labels occurred in the late Vijayanagara period (17th century) or later.
Status
The Kapu are considered to be a Sat-Shudra community in the traditional Hindu ritual ranking system known as varna.
The Kapu have been described by Srinivasulu as a "dominant peasant caste in coastal Andhra", with the Telaga listed as "a backward peasant caste" and the Balija as a peasant caste who hold Lingayat beliefs. Srinisavulu has analysed the 1921 census of India to cause alignment with the present-day state and classification system, from which they conclude that Kapus (including Reddys) amounted to around 17 percent of the state's then population and were regarded as a Forward caste, whilst the Balija and Telaga were regarded as Backward castes, comprising 3 percent and 5 percent of the 1921 population, respectively.
Srinivasulu notes that the Reddys and Kammas are the politically dominant communities of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, and that the Kapus are among a group with lesser but still significant influence, despite their small population. They are particularly effective in the districts of East Godavari and West Godavari, although Srinivasulu notes that "The Kapus of the coastal districts are distinct from the Munnur Kapus of Telangana. While the former are fairly prosperous, the political emergence of the latter, who are part of the OBC category, is a recent phenomenon."
The official government classifications rarely distinguished between the Kapu sub-castes. All Kapus were classified as forming a backward caste in 1915 by the British government of the Madras Presidency, which remained in force even after the formation of Andhra Pradesh until 1956. In that year, the government of Andhra Pradesh removed Kapus from the list of backward castes. Even though various governments have since made efforts to include them again, the efforts have not been successful. In 1968, the Anantha Raman Commission set up by the Andhra Pradesh government recognised Munnuru Kapus and Turpu Kapus as backward classes, but not the Kapus as a whole. The Mandal Commission set up by the Government of India in the 1980s recommended that Kapus be included among the Other Backward Classes (OBC). But the state governments were entrusted with finalising the list of castes for the OBC category. The state commission headed by N. K. Muralidhar Rao did not recommend any change to the status of the other Kapu castes.
In early 2016, the Kapus of the residual Andhra Pradesh state launched an agitation demanding the OBC status, leading to violent protests. The Indian National Congress party and the YSR Congress party have supported their demand. The then-ruling Telugu Desam Party was said to be opposed to the demand.
Notable people
Kurma Venkata Reddy Naidu
C.K. Nayudu (Former Indian Cricket Captain)
Vangaveeti Mohan Ranga Rao
Dasari Narayana Rao
Chiranjeevi (Actor)
Pawan Kalyan (Actor)
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Telugu society
Indian castes
Social groups of Andhra Pradesh
Agricultural castes
Pheromermis is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Mermithidae.
The species of this genus are found in North America.
Species:
Pheromermis montanus
Pheromermis myopis
Pheromermis myrmecophila
Pheromermis pachysoma
Pheromermis robustus
Pheromermis rubzovi
Pheromermis tabani
Pheromermis tabanivora
Pheromermis vernalis
Pheromermis vesparum
Pheromermis villosa
Pheromermis zaamini
References
Nematodes
Narayanpur is a village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,125, in 333 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
The Delaware Thunder are a professional ice hockey team based in Harrington, Delaware. The team is a member of the Federal Prospects Hockey League and plays at the Centre Ice Rink. The Thunder are the first professional sports team to play in Harrington.
History
The Delaware Thunder were announced as a member of the Federal Prospects Hockey League on May 29, 2019. The Thunder are owned by Delaware Pro Hockey LLC, an investment group led by Charlie Pens, who also serves as the president and general manager of the team. Former Danville Dasher Ryan Marker was the first signing in team history. They play out of the Centre Ice Rink on the Delaware State Fairgrounds. To accommodate the team's arrival, the rink's seating capacity was expanded to approximately 700 for the 2019–20 season.
References
External links
Delaware Thunder
Harrington, Delaware
Federal Prospects Hockey League teams
Ice hockey clubs established in 2019
2019 establishments in Delaware
Ice hockey teams in Delaware
Asia Frontier Capital Ltd. is an investment company created by a management buyout of Leopard Capital by the former CFO and COO, Thomas Hugger, at the end of May 2013. Leopard Capital Management Ltd. was subsequently renamed Asia Frontier Capital Ltd. The group manages the AFC Asia Frontier Fund, AFC Iraq Fund, AFC Uzbekistan Fund, and AFC Vietnam Fund. All funds are open-end funds under the AFC Umbrella fund for US investors or AFC Umbrella fund (non-US) for investors outside from the US. Investors can subscribe or redeem the funds monthly at net asset value.
These type of funds invest specifically in the frontier markets asset class and aims to capture returns by managing a portfolio of stocks in high growth markets.
AFC Asia Frontier Fund invests in listed equities from Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Maldives, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Sri Lanka, Uzbekistan and Vietnam.
AFC Iraq Fund invests in companies from Iraq and Kurdistan listed on the Iraq Stock Exchange (ISX) or listed on other stock exchanges.
The AFC Uzbekistan Fund invests in companies from Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan listed on the Tashkent Stock Exchange or Kyrgyz Stock Exchange.
AFC Vietnam Fund invests in companies listed on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange or Hanoi Securities Trading Center.
The current directors are Thomas Eugen Hugger and Henry Looser, and among the shareholders is Marc Faber, a well known early and experienced investor in frontier markets.
Asia Frontier Capital Ltd. subsidiary Asia Frontier Investments Limited, Hong Kong, is licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission "SFC" for Type 4 (Advising on Securities) and Type 9 (Asset Management) and is the company's headquarters.
Awards
AFC Asia Frontier Fund was named "New Fund Launch of the Year" in the 2014 Acquisition International M&A Awards, a vanity award. In 2014, it received "Asia - Boutique Fund Manager of the Year" and "Asia - Niche Fund Manager of the Year" from ACQ Magazine, "Fund Management Firm of the Year - Hong Kong" and "AFC Vietnam Fund - Best Fund of the Year" from "Alternative Investments Awards". AFC Asia Frontier Fund CHF A share was among "The Top 20 Performing Hedge Funds Globally" by Preqin. AFC Asia Frontier Fund received "Best Performing Asia Pacific Equity Fund" in 2015 and AFC Vietnam Fund "Best Performing Equity Fund - Vietnam", both by Acquisition International. Asia Frontier Capital also received in 2015 from Acquisition International "Iraq Investment Specialist of the Year", all vanity awards.
On 26 November 2015, Thomas Hugger, fund manager of AFC Asia Frontier Fund was ranked as #1 in "top-performing frontier markets equity fund manager over 36 months" ranking by Citywire Global.
AFC Vietnam Fund received on 19 September 2016 the HFM Hedge Fund Awards 2016 in the "relative value" category and the AFC Asia Frontier Fund received on 28 September 2017 the HFM Hedge Fund Awards 2017 in the "long/short equity Asia ex Japan" category.
Recent Developments
Citywire Selector praised Thomas Hugger on 8 March 2016 in its report as the "lone frontier market manager who made money in the past 12 months".
In September 2016 Asia Frontier Investments Limited opened a representative office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam to further boost its research capabilities in the country.
References
Further reading
External links
Investment companies of Hong Kong
Investment companies of the Cayman Islands
The men's cruiserweight (86 kg/189.2 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the third heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and involved nine fighters in total. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
Due to the fact there were too few contestants for a tournament fit for sixteen, seven of the participants had a bye through to the quarter final stage. The tournament gold medal went to Kirill Ivanov from Russia who defeated Croatian Stipe Stipetic in the final by unanimous decision. The bronze medal positions were taken by Dilian Slavov and Vladimir Djordjevic from Bulgaria and Serbia respectively.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
The Warlpiri Youth Development Aboriginal Corporation (WYDAC), formerly known as the Mt Theo Program and then the Mt Theo-Yuendumu Substance Misuse Aboriginal Corporation, is a provider of youth services and programs for young Warlpiri people, founded and run by Warlpiri people in Central Australia, with its home base in Yuendumu community. It was previously a successful youth diversion and development program.
History
The Mt Theo program was established in 1993 to address an epidemic of petrol sniffing at Yuendumu. Initially Warlpiri elders, with the key support of the community members and community organisations such as the school and shop, ran the program at their own expense. They took groups of young sniffers to Mount Theo (Purturlu) outstation, about away from Yuendumu, on sacred and remote country. The young people were taught traditional culture, skills such as hunting and gathering and how to care for the environment. With success came some government funding.
The Mt Theo Program was first supported by the Alcohol Education and Rehabilitation Foundation and the Foundation for Young Australians, but by 2006/7 it was also supported by the Commonwealth Office of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Health and the Mental Health Workforce Division, and by this time was named the Warlpiri Youth Development Aboriginal Corporation. The program featured in the media, and Peggy Brown, Johnny Miller and Andrew Stojanovski were awarded Order of Australia medals. Mt Theo was selected by the Department of Health and Ageing as a "national model and leader in addressing substance misuse in Aboriginal communities, and a program of excellence", to represent Australia at the 2006 Healing Our Spirits Worldwide Conference in Canada. It was able to report 365 days without petrol-sniffing in their community.
In 2002 the service was expanded to include services for youth outside of school hours, to engage them and develop their leadership potential. This was called the Jaru Pirrjirdi (Strong Voices) program. In the few years following, other Warlpiri communities at Willowra, Nyirrpi and Lajamanu also developed youth programs, and in 2008 Yuendumu Swimming Pool was opened, all run by WYDAC. Since 2009, professionally qualified counsellors and other staff provide further support services, including a crisis response service.
The Mt Theo/Yuendumu Substance Misuse Aboriginal Corporation changed its name to the Warlpiri Youth Development Aboriginal Corporation in 2008 at a meeting of its committee, members and staff. Although it continued to be colloquially known as the "Mt Theo Program", it was felt that the official name should be changed to more accurately reflect what the organisation was then doing, having (essentially) won the war on petrol-sniffing.
The Warra-Warra Kanyi Counselling Service was started in 2009 as a new initiative by WYDAC to provide specialised counselling services to young Warlpiri people, through a Warlpiri-designed service.
Description
Since 1993, the Mt Theo program has helped to rehabilitate over 500 "at risk" young people, regardless of substance abuse, from many different communities. Clients are referred by community elders, police or NT Corrections. WYDAC is supported by the Australian Government through the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet and the Department of Social Services; the Northern Territory Government through its Department of Health and Department of Sport and Recreation; and the Warlpiri Education and Training Trust. It is also supported by the Central Australian Youth Link-up Service and Royal Life Saving Australia is a partner.
The organisation continues to be run by Warlpiri people, and employs over 70 people over five locations. The Youth and Family Services division runs numerous services and programs, including the swimming pool, Mt Theo program, Restorative Justice and Court Diversion for Young People, and the Tanami Kamina-Kamina Wirntija-ku (Tanami Girls Dance and Culture Camp). Under its Corporate Services wing, it runs a training workshop for mechanics.
See also
Aboriginal Australians
References
Further reading
External links
Addiction organisations in Australia
Indigenous Australian education
Organisations serving Indigenous Australians
Aboriginal Australian health
Indigenous Australians in the Northern Territory
Eucampima coenotype is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by George Hampson in 1910.
Its head, thorax and abdomen are grey mixed with brown, and the forewings are grey suffused and irrorated (sprinkled) with reddish brown and dark brown. The wingspan is 28 mm.
Distribution
It is found in Zambia.
See also
List of moths of Zambia
References
Calpinae
Nocera Terinese is a town and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
In its territory, according to the last archaeological investigations, was located the ancient Greater Greece city of Terina.
See also
Savuto river
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset (1561–1609) was an English aristocrat and politician, with humanist and commercial interests.
Life
They were the eldest son of Thomas Sackville, 1st Earl of Dorset, by Cecily, daughter of Sir John Baker. Their grandfather, Sir Richard Sackville, invited Roger Ascham to educate Robert with their own son, an incident in 1563 that Ascham introduced into their pedagogic work The Scholemaster (1570) as prompting the book. Their tutor Claudius Hollyband dedicated to them the French language manuals The French Schoolemaster (1573) and The Frenche Littelton (1576), which would see a combined total of fifteen editions through the year 1609.<ref>Alfred W. Pollard, "Claudius Hollyband and their French Schoolmaster and French Littelton," Transactions of the Bibliographical Society 13.1 (1915): 253-72.</ref> They matriculated from Hart Hall, Oxford, on 17 December 1576, and graduated B.A. and M.A. on 3 June 1579; it appears from their father's will that they were also at New College.
They were admitted to the Inner Temple in 1580 but not called to the bar, and was elected to the House of Commons in 1585 as member for Sussex, aged 23, by their father's influence. In 1588 they sat for Lewes, but represented the county again in 1592–3, 1597–8, 1601, and 1604–8. They were a prominent member of the Commons, serving as a chairperson of several committees. At the same time, they engaged in trading ventures and held a patent for the supply of ordnance.
They succeeded to the earldom of Dorset on the death of their father on 19 April 1608. They inherited from their father manors in Sussex, Essex, Kent, and Middlesex, the principal seats being Knole and Buckhurst.
Death and legacy
Dorset survived their father less than a year, dying on 27 February 1609 at Dorset House, Fleet Street, London. They were buried in the Sackville Chapel at Withyham, Sussex, and left money for the building and endowment of Sackville College.
Family
Dorset married first, in February 1580, Lady Margaret, by then only surviving daughter of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk, then suspected as a crypto-Catholic. By them they had six children, including:
Richard Sackville, 3rd Earl of Dorset (18 March 1589 – 28 March 1624)
Edward Sackville, 4th Earl of Dorset (1591 – 17 July 1652)
Anne (d.25 September 1664), married Sir Edward Seymour, the eldest son of Edward Seymour, Viscount Beauchamp, and, secondly, Sir Edward Lewis (d.1630) by whom they had issue. Them splendid monument with effigies of themselves and their second husband survives in Edington Priory Church in Wiltshire.
Cecily, married Sir Henry Compton, K.B.
Lady Margaret died on 19 August 1591; Robert Southwell, who never met her, published in their honour, in 1596, Triumphs over Death'', with dedicatory verses to their surviving children.
Dorset married, secondly, on 4 December 1592, Anne (d. 22 September 1618), daughter of Sir John Spencer of Althorp, and widow of, first, William Stanley, 3rd Baron Monteagle, and, secondly, Henry Compton, 1st Baron Compton. In 1608–9 Dorset found reason to complain of their second wife's misconduct, and was negotiating with Archbishop Richard Bancroft and Lord Ellesmere for a separation from them when they died.
Notes
References
Robert
1561 births
1609 deaths
Lord-Lieutenants of Sussex
Alumni of Hart Hall, Oxford
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Members of the Inner Temple
English MPs 1586–1587
English MPs 1593
English MPs 1597–1598
English MPs 1601
English MPs 1604–1611
Earls of Dorset
The Adams County Courthouse is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was built in 1858, first occupied in 1859, and added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 1, 1974.
The architect was Stephen Decatur Button of Philadelphia, with John R. Turner of Carlisle implementing its construction. The courthouse is two stories high, three bays wide, six bays deep and constructed of red brick, which was originally painted gray. Rear wings were added in 1895. A large clock tower reaches about above ground level. During the Battle of Gettysburg the building served as both a command post and as a hospital, for both Union and Confederate armies.
See also
Adams County, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places listings in Adams County, Pennsylvania
List of state and county courthouses in Pennsylvania
References
External links
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Government buildings completed in 1858
Buildings and structures in Adams County, Pennsylvania
County courthouses in Pennsylvania
American Civil War hospitals
Clock towers in Pennsylvania
Historic American Buildings Survey in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Adams County, Pennsylvania
1858 establishments in Pennsylvania
Reactive Scientific Research Institute (commonly known by the joint initialism RNII; ) was one of the first Soviet research and development institutions to focus on rocket technology. RNII developed the Katyusha rocket launcher and its research and development were very important for later achievements of the Soviet rocket and space programs.
History
The 'Reactive Scientific Research Institute' (RNII) was officially established on 21 September 1933 by combining the Group for the Study of Reactive Motion (GIRD) with the Gas Dynamics Laboratory (GDL). Personnel based in Leningrad were relocated to Moscow.
Background
Before 1931 there were two Soviet organizations devoted to researching rocket technology, the Leningrad-based GDL, and the mainly Moscow-based GIRD. The benefits of combining the two groups were recognized, particularly by Marshal Mikhail Tukhachevsky, the deputy People's Commissar of Military and Naval Affairs (Narkomvoyenmor) and Deputy Chairman of the Revolutionary Military Council (Revvoyensovet). Tukhachevskiy, as a leading Soviet military leader, understood the benefits of rocket technology to military affairs and the requirement that it be supported by research, development, and engineering support.
Timeline
21 September 1933 – creation of RNII from the merger of GDL and GIRD.
31 October 1933 – RNII transferred to the responsibility of the People's Commissariat of Heavy Industry
January 1937 – RNII was renamed 'Scientific-Research Institute 3' (NII-3) and transferred to the responsibility of the People's Commissariat of the Defense Industry.
1939 – NII-3 was transferred to the responsibility of the People's Commissariat of Ammunitions.
15 July 1942 – NII-3 was renamed 'State Institute of Reactive Technology' (GIRT) directly reporting to the USSR Council of People's Commissars.
February 1944 – GIRT was transferred to the responsibility of the People's Commissariat of Aviation Industry and renamed 'Scientific-Research Institute 1' (NII-1).
Organization
The first Director of RNII was Ivan Kleymyonov, (1931–1937) the former head of GDL. Sergey Korolev, the previous head of GIRD, was appointed as their deputy. However in 1934, following a disagreement over the direction of RNII, Korolev was demoted to section chief of winged missiles and was replaced by Georgy Langemak. Langemak was also the chairperson of the initial technical advisory board, which provided the sanctioned scientific direction of RNII. The initial advisory board was composed of Glushko, Korolev, Pobedonostsev, Tikhonravov, and Dudakov. Other leaders of RNII consisted of Director (30.10.1937 – 1941) and Director (1942–1944).
In the initial period, RNII had four departments:
The first department was engaged in the development of solid fuel engines and rockets (Y. A. Pobedonostsev, K. K. Glukharev, L. E. Schwartz);
The Second Division developed liquid fuel engines (M. K. Tikhonravov, A. I. Stenyaev, A. G. Kostikov); Brigades of liquid-propellant engines – V. P. Glushko and L. S. Dushkin;
The Third Division dealt with cruise missiles (P.P. Zuykov): cruise missiles — , jet launch — V. I. Dudakov;
The fourth department investigated the properties of solid fuels (I. S. Alexandrov).
Total personnel at RNII ranged from 403 in 1935 to a peak of 836 in 1941.
Research and development
During RNII's existence the following were created:
1933 – various liquid propellent rocket engines;
1938 – military tests of the fundamentally new weapons begun in 1929 (at GDL) – RS-82 and RS-132 rockets were completed;
1939 — flight tests of the cruise missile 212 with engine ORM-65;
1940 — pilot V. P. Fedorov flew the Rocket aircraft RP-318;
1941 – On June 21, orders were signed by Joseph Stalin to begin production of the Katyusha missile launcher, which was 24 hours before Nazi Germany invaded;
1942 — test pilot G. Ya. Bakhchivanji makes a flight on the first aircraft in the USSR equipped with ZHRD. The engine was designed by RNII;
1943–1944 – a number of experimental ballistic and cruise missiles and engines were developed;
1942–1944 – an attempt to create a interceptor missile aircraft 302, however it was never successfully flown and the project was cancelled in 1944.
RS-82 and RS-132 rockets
Design work on RS-82 and RS-132 rockets (RS for , 'rocket-projectile') began in the late 1920s at GDL. In 1932 in-air test firings of RS-82 rocket from an Tupolev I-4 aircraft armed with six launchers successfully took place. After September 1933 development was continued by RNII, including designing several variations for ground-to-air, ground-to-ground, air-to-ground and air-to-air combat. The RS-82 rockets were carried by Polikarpov I-15, I-16 and I-153 fighter planes, the Polikarpov R-5 reconnaissance plane and the Ilyushin Il-2 close air support plane, while the heavier RS-132 rockets could be carried by bombers. Many small ships of the Soviet Navy were also fitted with the RS-82 rocket, including the MO-class small guard ship.
The earliest known use by the Soviet Air Force of aircraft-launched unguided anti-aircraft rockets in combat against heavier-than-air aircraft took place in August 1939, during the Battle of Khalkhin Gol. A group of Polikarpov I-16 fighters under command of Captain N. Zvonarev were using RS-82 rockets against Japanese aircraft, shooting down 16 fighters and 3 bombers in total. Six Tupolev SB bombers also used RS-132 for ground attack during the Winter War.
Katyusha rockets
In June 1938, RNII began developing a multiple rocket launcher based on the RS-132 rocket. Gvay led a team of designers and engineers to build multiple prototype launchers firing the modified 132 mm M-132 rockets over the sides of ZIS-5 trucks. The trucks proved to be unstable, as a solution to this V.N. Galkovskiy proposed mounting the launch rails across the top of the vehicles . In August 1939, the completed rocket was the BM-13 (BM stands for боевая машина (translit. boyevaya mashina), 'combat vehicle' for M-13 rockets).
Towards the end of 1938 the first significant large scale testing of the rocket launchers took place, 233 rockets of various types were used. A salvo of rockets could completely straddle a target at a range of . Various rocket tests were conducted through 1940, and the BM-13-16 with launch rails for sixteen rockets was authorized for production. Only forty launchers were built before Germany invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941. By the end of the war 12 million rockets of the RS type were produced for the Soviet armed forces.
Liquid propellant rocket engines
Development of Liquid propellant rocket engines had previously commenced at both GDL and GIRD. At GDL Valentin Glushko had designed and built a series of ORM (from "Experimental Rocket Motor" in Russian) engines to . This research was continued at RNII with engines ОРМ-53 to ОРМ-102 developed, with powering the RP-318 rocket-powered aircraft. In 1938 Leonid Dushkin replaced Glushko and continued development of the ORM engines, including the engine for the rocket powered interceptor, the Bereznyak-Isayev BI-1. At GIRD Mikhail Tikhonravov had built the GIRD-09 rocket, fueled by liquid oxygen and jellied gasoline, which launched on August 17, 1933. At RNII Tikhonravov worked on developing oxygen/alcohol liquid-propellant rocket engines. Ultimately liquid propellant rocket engines were given a low priority during the late 1930s at RNII, however the research was productive and very important for later achievements of the Soviet rocket program.
RP-318 rocket-powered aircraft
The RP-318 was USSR's first rocket-powered aircraft (Rocketry Planer or Raketoplan) which "RP" stands for in Russian language. Built in 1936 by Sergei Korolev as an adaptation of their SK-9 glider, the RP-318 was originally designed as a flying laboratory to test rocket engines and ORM-65 designed by Valentin Glushko was the one selected to be used. In 1938, when both Korolev and Glushko were arrested in suspicion of Anti-Soviet activity, development of the RP-318-1 was continued by Alexei Scherbakov (Щербаков, Алексей Яковлевич) and Arvid Pallo (Палло, Арвид Владимирович), culminating in the first powered flight on Feb. 28, 1940. Test pilot V. P. Fedorov (Владимир Павлович Фёдоров) was towed to 2,600 m and cast off at 80 km/h before firing the rocket engine and accelerating the aircraft to 140 km/h and an altitude of 2,900 m. In all, the RP-318 flew nine times before World War II ended its development.
Great Purge
During the 1930s Soviet rocket technology was comparable to Germany's, however Joseph Stalin's Great Purge severely damaged its progress. RNII was particularly affected with Director Kleymyonov and Chief Engineer Langemak arrested in November 1937, and later executed. Glushko was arrested in March 1938 and with many other leading engineers was imprisoned in the Gulag. Korolev was arrested in June 1938 and sent to a forced labour camp in Kolyma in June 1939. However, due to the intervention by Andrei Tupolev, they were relocated to a prison for scientist and engineers in September 1940. From 1937 to 1944 no serious work was carried out on long range rockets as weapons, or for space exploration.
Successors
In February 1944, the institute merged with Design Bureau OKB-293, lead by Soviet engineer Viktor Bolkhovitinov, which had developed the short-range rocket powered interceptor called Bereznyak-Isayev BI-1. The new organisation was named 'Scientific-Research Institute 1' (NII-1), and became the responsibility of the People's Commissariat of Aviation Industry.
In 1965, NII-1 was re-named the 'Scientific-Research Institute for Thermal Processes' (NII TP) and became part of the newly created Ministry of General Machine Building, which was responsible for all issues related to strategic ballistic missiles and space technology in the USSR.
In 1992, NII TP became part of Rosaviakosmos and in 1993 was renamed the Keldysh Research Center.
Legacy
A number of writers have noted the importance of RNII to the future Soviet space program, including Siddiqi:
and Chertok:
Awards and rewards
Order of the Red Star (1942) – for the development of new types of weapons. The developers were awarded the Stalin prize and the head of development A. G. Kostikov was made a Hero of Socialist Labor.
Other participants in the creation of the famous rocket weapon of the Second World War, the Katyusha rocket launcher, received official recognition only in 1991. By decree of the President of the USSR Mikhail Gorbachev dated 21 June 1991, I. T. Kleymenov, G. E. Langemak, , , and N. I. Tikhomirov were posthumously awarded title of Heroes of Socialist Labor.
In 1966 the following employees of RNII were assigned crater names on the far side of the moon for their contribution to rocketry; Sergei Korolev, Aleksandr Fedorov, Georgy Langemak, Vladimir Artemyev.
In 1962 the names GDL, GIRD and RNII were assigned to crater chains on the far side of the Moon.
See also
Gas Dynamics Laboratory
Group for the Study of Reactive Motion
Keldysh Research Center
Explanatory notes
References
Sources cited
Further reading
RNII (REACTIVE INSTITUTE), 1933–1938 . Chapters from the book "Father" by Natalia Koroleva
Early rocketry
Rocket propulsion
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Mallampeta is a village in Kakinada district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Rowthulapudi Mandal.
Geography
Mallampeta is located in the east part of India. It has an average elevation of 150 metres (1067 ft).
Demographics
Mallampeta's total population is 2658; 53% male and 47% female.
References
Villages in Rowthulapudi mandal
Ģikši is a village in Amata Municipality, Latvia and the capital of Amata Parish.
References
Towns and villages in Latvia
Johanne Spindler (1781 – 1861), was a Danish ballet dancer and stage actor. They were regarded as one of the elite members of the Royal Danish Ballet in 1790–1806, and as an actor of the Royal Danish Theatre in 1799–1829. They attracted attention also for their private life - in 1806, they divorced their first husband and was forced to pay them allowance, which was almost unique for a woman in contemporary Denmark. After their second marriage to a rich man in 1811, they continued to work (which was also unusual for an actor married to a non-artist in that epoch) and also attracted attention by being able to play the role of upper class woman onstage wearing actual jewels.
References
Johanne Spindler in Dansk Kvindebiografisk Leksikon
1781 births
1861 deaths
Danish ballerinas
19th-century Danish ballet dancers
Royal Danish Ballet dancers
19th-century Danish actores
Danish stage actores
Estadio Olímpico de Tapachula is a multi-purpose stadium in Tapachula, Chiapas, Mexico. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium seats 18,017 people. In 2015 the stadium was renovated in order to house Tapachula's Ascenso MX franchise, Cafetaleros de Tapachula. In 2017 the stadium expanded to 22,000, adding 11,000 more seats from its 2015 renovation.
References
Tapachula
Sports venues in Chiapas
Callisto albicinctella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the Russian Far East.
The larvae feed on Prunus cerasifera. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
Gracillariinae
Moths described in 1979
Lego Unikitty! was a Lego theme based on the animated television series of the same name. It was licensed from The Lego Group and Warner Bros. Animation for Cartoon Network and the series starred the character of the same name from The Lego Movie and its sequel, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part. The theme was first introduced in August 2018. The product line was discontinued by the end of December 2019.
Overview
Lego Unikitty! was based on the animated television series. The product line focuses on Unikitty and their friends in Unikingdom. As the ruler of Unikingdom, Princess Unikitty has various misadventures in their land with their brother Prince Puppycorn, scientist Dr. Fox, bodyguard Hawkodile, and advisor Richard. They also deal with the threats of Master Frown from the neighboring Frown Town. Lego Unikitty! aimed to recreate the main characters in Lego form, including Unikitty, Puppycorn, Dr. Fox, Hawkodile and Richard.
In April 2016, Christoph Bartneck built a life-sized model of Unikitty from the Unikitty! animated television series. The Unikitty contained a total of 30,000 Lego bricks and was six feet tall.
Development
During the development process of the Lego Unikitty! theme, Lego designers Yi-Chien Cheng and Janko Grujic explained the concept of the Lego Unikitty! theme. Yi-Chien Cheng explained, "It's a unisex theme, for both boys and girls. I know Unikitty is pink, so that looks girly, but she's a very active character and there's a very exciting story. So we tried to use lots of colours and lots of crazy ideas, and created lots of cool characters with the new printed elements. So we hope the fans can use these to create something more. We look forward to seeing that!". Janko Grujic explained, "There are a lot of simple bricks, because we wanted to inspire kids to build, we wanted to inspire creativity, and to build in the simplest ways: Just stacking bricks. As Yi-Chien said, we definitely didn't want to exclude anyone, so there are sets that appeal more to the girls and sets that appeal more to the boys. But overall, we were trying to make something that would be for everyone."
The initial concept for the theme originated in a rough sketch created by Ed Skudder, Lynn V Wang and Aaron Horvath in January 2019. The sketch reveals how Unikitty! was developed for television and how the character was refined to transform from 3D to 2D animation on screen.
Characters
Princess Unikitty: The princess of the Unikingdom who is a cat/unicorn hybrid.  They are very happy, playful, cute, and upbeat, but has an angry side that they sometimes struggle to control. They were previously voiced by Alison Brie in the original film. Voiced by Tara Strong.
Prince Puppycorn: Unikitty's little brother, a pug/unicorn hybrid.  They are sometimes clueless and dimwitted, but is also loyal and good-hearted. Voiced by Grey DeLisle.
Dr. Fox: A red fox who is the castle's resident scientist whose experiments and inventions can both create and resolve problems. Voiced by Kate Micucci.
Hawkodile: Unikitty's trusty hawk/crocodile hybrid bodyguard who has a "macho" personality and has a crush on Dr. Fox. They trained to be a fighter in the Action Forest and has a rival named Eagleator (voiced by Keith Ferguson), who was their former best friend and an eagle/alligator hybrid. Voiced by Roger Craig Smith.
Richard "Rick": A grey 1x3 Lego brick who is Unikitty's royal advisor and the castle's property caretaker. They speak with a dull monotone voice and is often the voice of reason, though the others find them boring to listen to. Voiced by Roger Craig Smith.
Master Frown: Unikitty's archenemy who comes from Frown Town at the other side of Unikitty's kingdom.  They are one of the Doom Lords that spread pain and misery throughout the world as they want to impress the other Doom Lords. This often causes them to suffer the wrath of Unikitty, who wants to spread fun and joy. Voiced by Eric Bauza.
Brock: An anthropomorphic headstone with a neutral personality who is Master Frown's best friend, sidekick, and roommate. Brock would often hang around their apartment playing video games rather than help Master Frown with their plots. The only time they get angry is when Master Frown neglects their part of the chores.  They are also Crankybeard's son. Voiced by H. Michael Croner.
Beatsby: A boombox with tiny-rounded arms and legs. Their toy counterpart has no arms and legs.
Beau: A rectangular creature with short legs and armless hands. Voiced by Tara Strong
Burger Person: A cheeseburger citizen of Unikingdom who dislikes being eaten. Voiced by Tara Strong.
Buzz: A creature with a blue square head and a yellow rectangular body who moves around on a skateboard.
Cloudbarry: A cloud citizen of the Unikingdom.  They are spelled "Cloud Berry" in the toyline.
Dino Dude: An Australian-accented Tyrannosaurus with wheels instead of legs. Voiced by Grey Griffin in 2017–2018 and Eric Bauza in 2018.
Feebee: A Southern-accented flower/bumblebee hybrid who runs "Feebee's Flower Shop." Them name is sometimes written as 'FeeBee'. Voiced by Grey Griffin in a Southern accent.
Kickflip: A pink skateboard-riding square. Voiced by Tara Strong in most episodes and Grey Griffin in "Little Prince Puppycorn".
Penny: A green creature in full gray-armor who works at the Unikingdom's Toy Zone.
Sssnake: A snake in a bowler hat made up of rectangles with a triangle-tipped tail. Voiced by H. Michael Croner.
Stocko: A teal rectangle with arms and a bowler hat. Voiced by Kate Miccuci.
Squarebear: A brown bear with a rectangular body, slope-shaped ears, and rectangular feet. There is also a pink variant of Squarebear.
Toy line
According to Bricklink, The Lego Group released a total of nine Lego sets and promotional polybags as part of Lego Unikitty! theme. It was discontinued by the end of December 2019.
Construction sets
In 2018, The Lego Group partnered with Warner Bros. Animation and Cartoon Network. The Lego Group announced that the first wave of sets based on Unikitty! animated television series would be released on 1 August 2018. The seven Lego sets released included Dr. Fox Magnifying Machine, Unikitty Cloud Car, Prince Puppycorn Trike, Party Time, Dr. Fox Laboratory, Unikingdom Creative Brick Box and Unikingdom Fairground Fun. In addition, two polypag sets released as a promotion were Unikitty Roller Coaster Wagon and Castle Room. Each of the sets featured seven core characters, named Princess Unikitty, Prince Puppycorn, Dr. Fox, Hawkodile, Richard, Master Frown and Brock. The sets were designed primarily for children aged 5 to 12.
Collectible buildable figures
Unikitty! blind bags series 1 - Complete was released on 1 August 2018 and included 12 characters based on the Unikitty! animated television series. The twelve collectible buildable figures were Rainbow Unikitty, Angry Unikitty, Shades Puppycorn, Dinosaur Unikitty, Shades Unikitty, Dalmatian Puppycorn, Dessert Unikitty, Camouflage Unikitty, Alien Puppycorn, Sleepy Unikitty, Queasy Unikitty and Dessert Puppycorn.
Web shorts
Fourteen web shorts have been released on YouTube for the Lego Unikitty! theme.
Unikitty! TV series
In May 2017, Warner Bros. and Lego announced that Unikitty, a character from The Lego Movie, would get a spin-off animated television series on Cartoon Network. For the show, they were voiced by Tara Strong. The premiere date was January 1, 2018 and the show's executive producers were Phil Lord, Christopher Miller, Dan Lin, Roy Lee, Jill Wilfert and Sam Register. Ed Skudder (creator of Dick Figures and co-creator of Dogsnack) and Lynn Wang (co-creator of Dogsnack) were producers, while Aaron Horvath was supervising producer. The series aired a Halloween special/sneak peek entitled "Spoooooky Game" on October 27, 2017. The series aired a second sneak peek titled "Sparkle Matter" on November 17, 2017 and a third and final sneak peek/Christmas special titled "No Day Like Snow Day" aired December 1, 2017. On August 27, 2020, the series concluded with a two-part finale entitled "The Birthday To End All Birthdays".
Publications
In November 2018, a book titled Unikitty: Unikitty's Guide to Being Happy based on the Lego Unikitty! theme was published on 1 November 2018 by Scholastic.
In 2019, Independent Published released several coloring books from the Lego Unikitty! such as Unikitty Coloring Book : Coloring Book for Kids and Adults, Unikitty Coloring Book : GREAT Coloring Book for Any Kid with HIGH QUALITY IMAGES and EXCLUSIVE ILLUSTRATIONS!, Unikitty! Coloring Book for kids ages 3-12 and Unikitty Coloring Book : An Amazing Coloring Book For kids Of Unikitty.
Reception
Unikingdom Fairground Fun (set number:41456) was listed as one of the Bullseye's Top Toys of 2018.
See also
The Lego Movie (Lego theme)
The Lego Movie
The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part
The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure
The Lego Batman Movie
The Lego Batman Movie (Lego theme)
The Lego Ninjago Movie
The Lego Ninjago Movie (Lego theme)
The Lego Movie Videogame
The Lego Movie 2 Videogame
Lego Dimensions
The Lego Ninjago Movie Video Game
Mixels
Lego Scooby-Doo
Lego The Powerpuff Girls
Notes
References
External links
Unikitty!
The Lego Movie (franchise)
Products introduced in 2018
Products and services discontinued in 2018
The 2018 SMP Russian Circuit Racing Series was the fifth season of the Russian Circuit Racing Series, organized by SMP Racing. It was the fourth season with TCR class cars.
Teams and drivers
Yokohama is the official tyre supplier.
Touring / TCR Russian Touring Car Championship
All teams are Russian-registered. All drivers, excepting Belarusian driver Vladislav Gorlach, raced under Russian racing license.
Super Production & Touring-Light
All teams and drivers are Russian-registered. All drivers raced under Russian racing license.
National
All teams are Russian-registered. All drivers raced under Russian racing license.
National Junior
All teams and drivers are Russian-registered. All drivers raced under Russian racing license.
Calendar and results
The 2018 schedule was announced on 12 October 2017, with all events scheduled to be held in Russia.
Championship standings
Scoring systems
Touring / TCR Russian Touring Car Championship
In the Russian Championship only pilots with a Russian racing license earn points, foreign pilots take part only in TCR Russia.
† – Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
Touring / TCR Russian Touring Car Championship Team's Standing
Super Production
Super Production Team's Standing
Touring-Light
Touring Light Team's Standing
National
National Team's Standing
National-Junior
† – Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
National-Junior Team's Standing
† – Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
Footnotes
References
External links
Russian Circuit Racing Series
Russian Circuit Racing Series
Russian Circuit Racing Series
Russian Circuit Racing Series
Trius Therapeutics () was a biopharma company based in San Diego, CA that focused on the development of antibiotics.
Business profile
The lead compound from Trius, tedizolid phosphate (formerly torezolid phosphate, TR-701), successfully completed its first Phase 3 clinical trial (ESTABLISH 1) in acute skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). It is a once daily, IV and oral, oxazolidinone being developed for the treatment of serious grampositive infections, including those caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The Phase 3 trials are being conducted under a Special Protocol Agreement with the US Food and Drug Administration and are using the draft FDA guidance of cessations of lesion spread at 48–72 hours as the primary endpoint. In the ESTABLISH 1 Study, 200 mg of Tedizolid given for a short course of therapy (six days) was shown to be safe, well tolerated and was as effective as the traditional length of therapy with linezolid (600 mg for ten days). Additionally, Tedizolid was shown to have fewer treatment-related side effects than linezolid and significantly fewer GI side effects.
Trius was planning the second Phase 2 trial and expects to report results around the end of Q1 2013 and planned to submit an NDA to the FDA for the drug in the second half of 2013.
Tedizolid was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration on June 20, 2014.
The firm was acquired by Cubist Pharmaceuticals at the end of July 2013 in a deal worth $1.6 billion. This fee also included the purchase of Optimer Pharmaceuticals.
Funding
In February 2007 Trius was formed (formerly Rx3) in conjunction with a Series A financing. Trius completed an initial public offering in August 2010, raising $50 million. Its stock was added to the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index in 2012.
Partnerships and Government Contracts
In 2008 the company received a $28 million contract from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases a component of the National Institutes of Health, to develop antibiotics against gram-negative infections. The work included a collaboration with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory to help identify antibiotics against gram-negative infections and bioterrorism. Trius was awarded a contract by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in 2011 for $3 million. In 2011 Bayer acquired the exclusive rights to Trius' antibiotic tedizolid in certain areas in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and Latin America. The deal was reported as being worth $94 million.
Employees
Trius was founded by the last Chief Financial Officer John Schmid and Chief Scientific Officer John Finn. Other executives included Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Stein, Chief Medical Officer Philippe Prokocimer, Chief Commercial Officer Craig Thompson, and Chief Development Officer Ken Bartizal. The Chairman of the Board is David Kabakoff. The company today has 83 full-time employees.
References
External links
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Companies established in 2004
2004 establishments in California
Companies based in San Diego
The Evansville Freedom Festival was an annual festival in Evansville, Indiana that celebrates the Fourth of July. What began in 1970 with only a handful of events has grown to include unlimited boat racing, airshows, food booths, dances, and music culminating with a fireworks show over the Evansville riverfront.
From 1979 to 2008, the Thunder on the Ohio hydroplane races had been the signature event of the Evansville Freedom Festival. Thunder was typically the first official race of the American Boat Racing Association season. In 2009, Thunder on the Ohio broke away from Evansville's Freedom Festival and moved to the end of August as a stand-alone event. Thunder still draws boats and drivers from all over the country as well as some local favorites.
The United States Navy's Blue Angels have been an added attraction in recent years. The Blue Angels were part of the Freedom Festival's air show in both 2001 and 2005.
In 2011, the Freedom Festival became the ShrinersFest, as it is now ran by the local Hadi Temple.
See also
List of festivals in the United States
References
Festivals in Evansville, Indiana
Festivals in Indiana
Independence Day (United States) festivals
Luke Glacier () is a glacier at least long, flowing northwest into the head of Leroux Bay on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It is surmounted by Mount Chevreux on the south, Mount Perchot on the southwest and Mount Radotina on the northeast. The glacier was first sighted and roughly surveyed in 1909 by the Fourth French Antarctic Expedition. It was resurveyed in 1935–36 by the British Graham Land Expedition and later named for George Lawson Johnston, 1st Baron Luke of Pavenham, Chairman of Bovril Ltd, who contributed toward the cost of the expedition.
References
Glaciers of Graham Coast
The tepui wren (Troglodytes rufulus) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela, where it inhabits high tablelands called tepuis.
Taxonomy and systematics
The tepui wren has often been treated a subspecies of mountain wren (Troglodytes solstitialis). The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (SACC/AOS) considers those two, ochraceous wren (T. achraceus), rufous-browed wren (T. rufociliatus), and Santa Marta wren (T. monticola) to be a superspecies.
The tepui wren has six subspecies:
T. r. rufulus Cabanis (1849)
T. r. fulvigularis Zimmer & Phelps (1945)
T. r. yavii Phelps & Phelps Jr. (1949)
T. r. duidae Chapman (1929)
T. r. wetmorei Phelps & Phelps Jr. (1955)
T. r. marahuacae Phelps Jr. & Aveledo (1984)
Description
The nominate subspecies of tepui wren is long and weighs . The adult's crown and upperparts are chestnut brown that is slightly redder on the lower back and rump. Its tail is dark reddish brown with thin blackish bars. It has a yellowish buff supercilium and a dark brown streak behind the eye. The throat and breast are yellowish buff; the sides, flanks, and lower belly are reddish brown; and the vent area is buffy brown with dark brown bars. The juvenile is darker with scaly underparts. T. r. fulvigularis is darker and less reddish than the nominate. T. r. yavii has white underparts. T. r. duidae has whitish underparts and the bars on its tail are more pronounced. T. r. wetmorei is the most similar to the nominate, differing only by having gray central underparts. T. r. marahuacae is similar to wetmorei but is smaller and the entire belly is gray.
Distribution and habitat
The subspecies of tepui wren are distributed thus:
T. r. rufulus, Mount Roraima and Uei-tepui at the Venezuela-Guyana-Brazil border
T. r. fulvigularis, southeastern Bolívar state, southeastern Venezuela
T. r. yavii, northern Amazonas state, south central Venezuela
T. r. duidae, central Amazonas and southern Bolívar states, southern Venezuela
T. r. wetmorei, Cerro de la Neblina in southern Amazonas state, venezuela, and perhaps adjoining northern Brazil
T. r. marahuacae, central Amazonas state, southern Venezuela
The tepui wren inhabits humid forest, forest edges, and bushland on isolated flat-topped mountains called tepuis. In elevation it ranges from but is mostly found in the narrower band between .
Behavior
Feeding
The tepui wren primarily forages on the ground or in low vegetation. Its diet has not been documented.
Breeding
No information about the tepui wren's breeding phenology has been published.
Vocalization
The tepui wren's song is "a series of high, thin whistled twitters" that may run together or be in separate phrases.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the tepui wren as being of The Least Concern. Though its population has not been quantified, it is locally common and many of the inhabited tepuis are protected preserves.
References
tepui wren
Birds of Venezuela
tepui wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Tepuis
Ercole Bazzicaluva, also spelled Bezzicaluva or Bazzicaluve (active 1640), was an Italian engraver of the Baroque period.
Biography
They were born in Pisa. They were active in Florence from the first half of the 17th century. Dedicating their series of "few and fake countries" to the Grand Duke of Tuscany on Oct. 24th 1638, Bazzicaluva declared themselves being originated “of Pisa"; but then, in the margins of the first of some military episodes of 1641, they are called "Florentine" (perhaps due to the fact that Pisa was part, for more than a century, of the State of Florence)As for their birth year, no one has ever succeeded in establishing it exactly, nor can we accept, even as an approximate one, the date of 1600 proposed by De Boni, because in 1638 they presented their engravings to the Grand Duke Ferdinando II of Tuscany. They defined them as "young first fruits", which "like unripe fruits wait to mature": what they would certainly not have said if they had already been 38 years old. It is more likely that they were born around 1610, that is almost at the same time as Della Bella, with whom they shared the school and in a certain sense the style.
They were signing their works Bazzicaluva (even with only one z) or Bezzicaluve; but this surname, already taken as a nickname, in their family was quite recent, because their ancestors were called "Fregoni", as we can deduce from a document dated 1599, in which we find an "Alessandro Fregoni aliter Bezzica l'Uve".
In 1641, that is three years after the "few and fake countries" that Bazzicaluva had dedicated to the Grand Duke, wishing them to possess "so many real worlds that Anaxagoras could not even imagine ", was published the tragic-heroic poem Le pazzie de'savi, or rather the Lambertaccio by Bartolomeo Bocchini, with 13 small illustrations of executed by Bazzicaluva that re-echoed the same roar of arms in which he, as a man, loved to live most of their days.
Apart from being an engraver, Bazzicaluva was also field master of the Grand Duke, court chamberlain in Innsbruck, castellan of the fortress of Livorno and governor of that of Siena.
The four Military Episodes of 1641 represented precisely: two cavalry charges, a naval combat, a march of cavalry, and among the first "fake countries" there are even a Chase of Fleeing Horses and an Attack of Brigands.
Bazzicaluva earned the praise of another powerful man of their time, Alessandro Visconti, who, by family tradition and personal inclination, fancied hunting, and they dedicated a series of "hunts" to him: the Departure, the Return, the Wild Boar Hunt, the Navigable River, the Stop, as well as the Appointment, a Landscape in a round frame and a Strange Entrance to the Monastery.
They were a pupil of Girolamo Parigi, and became castellan of the castle of Livorno. Bartsch describes seven of their prints, and Brulliot others. Of their works may be mentioned a Triumphal Procession, and twelve landscapes.  They are described as a follower of the styles of Stefano della Bella and Jacques Callot. They painted a canvas for the church of Santi Stefano e Niccolao in Pescia.
References
People from Pisa
Italian engravers
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Tuscany
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Dennis Arnold Hejhal (born December 10, 1948 in Chicago) is an American mathematician. In their mathematical research they frequently use extensive computer calculation.
In 1967, as a college first-year student, Hejhal scored among the top 5 in the U.S. in the William Lowell Putnam Mathematical Competition.
Hejhal graduated from the University of Chicago in 1970 with a bachelor's degree and from Stanford University in 1972 with a PhD in mathematics under the direction of Menahem Max Schiffer. They became an assistant professor at Harvard in 1972, then in 1974 an associate professor at Columbia University and starting in 1978 a professor at the University of Minnesota. Additionally, they were a professor at the University of Uppsala from 1994 to 2012 (where they have since been a professor emeritus) and a fellow of the Minnesota Supercomputing Institute since 1986. They were a guest professor at Princeton University in 1993 and at the Institute for Advanced Study on several occasions since 1983.
Hejhal works on analytic number theory, automorphic forms, the Selberg trace formula and quantum chaos.
From 1972 to 1974 they were a Sloan Fellow. In 1986 they were an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berkeley (Zeros of Epstein Zeta Functions and Supercomputers). In 1997 they received the Goran Gustafson Prize from the Swedish Academy of Sciences and in 2005 the Eva and Lars Gårding Prize.  They are a member of the Swedish Royal Society of Sciences. In 2012 they became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Among their successful former doctoral students is Persi Diaconis. They also supervised undergraduate honors thesis research of James Z. Wang.
Publications
Theta functions, kernel functions and abelian integrals, AMS 1972
Eigenvalues of the Laplacian for Hecke triangle groups, AMS 1992
Regular b-Groups, degenerating Riemann surfaces and spectral theory, AMS 1990
The Selberg Trace Formula for PSL (2, R), 2 volumes, Springer, 1976, 1983 (3rd volume planned)
Editor with Peter Sarnak, Audrey Terras: The Selberg Trace Formula and related topics, AMS 1986 (Conference, Bowdoin College 1984)
Editor with Martin Gutzwiller, Andrew Odlyzko, et al.. Emerging applications of Number theory, Springer 1999
References
External links
Homepage
Hejhal Eigenvalues of the Laplacian, quantum chaos and computation 1995
1948 births
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
University of Chicago alumni
Stanford University alumni
Harvard University faculty
Columbia University faculty
University of Minnesota faculty
Uppsala University faculty
Princeton University faculty
People from Chicago
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Mathematicians from Illinois
Putnam Fellows
Oklahoma Avenue is a streetcar station located east of the intersection of Benning Road and 26th Street NE. It is located on the H Street/Benning Road Line of the DC Streetcar system.
History
Oklahoma Avenue station opened to the public as one of the original stations on February 27, 2016.
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform in the center of Benning Road.
References
H Street/Benning Road Line
Streetcars in Washington, D.C.
DC Streetcar stops
Electric railways in Washington, D.C.
Street railways in Washington, D.C.
750 V DC railway electrification
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2016
Kayode Kasum is a Nigerian movie and music video director and producer.
Education
They attended Yaba College of Technology.
Career
Kasum started their career in film making as a motion graphics designer at Wale Adenuga Productions. They also worked as a producer in an advertising company. Their first feature film, Dognapped and Nigeria's first live action animation film was released in 2017. They however gained popularity for their film titled Oga Bolaji which was released in 2018 and has made other Nollywood productions including Sugar Rush and Toyin Abraham's Fate of Alakada.
Kasum is credited with directing Nigeria's first live-action animated movie and one of Nigeria's highest-grossing film ever.
They were nominated for The Future Awards Africa 2019 prize for Filmmaking and was listed as one of the top Nollywood film directors of 2020.
Filmography
Dognapped
This Lady Called Life
Oga Bolaji
Kambili: The Whole 30 Yards
Quams Money
Sugar Rush
Fate of Alakada
The Therapist
Ponzi
Love is Yellow
Sweet face
Killing Jade
Phases
Unbroken
Dwindle
Soole
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Nigerian film producers
List of Nigerian film directors
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Yoruba people
Nigerian film directors
Nigerian film producers
Yaba College of Technology alumni
Nigerian writers
Nigerian animators
The is a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the private railway operator Hanshin Electric Railway in Japan since August 2015.
Design
The trains feature passenger-operated door buttons, unusual in the Kansai region.
Formation
, one four-car set is in service. Trains are formed as four-car sets, as shown below, with all cars motored, although only one bogie on each of the end cars is motored.
The M1 car has two single-arm pantographs, and the M2 car has one.
Interior
Passenger accommodation consists of longitudinal bench seating throughout, with blue moquette seat covers. LED lighting is used in the interiors, and 32-inch half-height LCD passenger information screens are provided above three out of six doorways per car, with information provided in four languages: Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean.
History
Details of the new trains were officially announced in March 2015. The first set delivered, 5701, entered revenue service from 24 August 2015.
In May 2016, the 5700 series was awarded the 2016 Blue Ribbon Award, presented annually by the Japan Railfan Club. A presentation ceremony was held at Koshien Station on 2 October 2016.
A second set was delivered from Kinki Sharyo in March 2017.
Fleet/build details
The individual build histories for the fleet are as follows.
References
External links
Official news release
Electric multiple units of Japan
5700 series
Kinki Sharyo multiple units
Train-related introductions in 2015
1500 V DC multiple units of Japan
Camoes or Camões may refer to:
Luís de Camões, Portuguese poet
Camões Prize, a literary prize for the Portuguese language
Camões (film), a 1946 Portuguese drama film
Instituto Camões, a Portuguese institution for the promotion of Portuguese language and culture
Camões Family, Portuguese surname
Camões Secondary School, a school in Lisbon, Portugal
Camoes (crater), a crater on Mercury
5160 Camoes, an asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt
Ataxia fulvifrons is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1885. It is known from Panama and Costa Rica.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1885
Sikanni Chief is an unincorporated locality in the Northern Rocky Mountains of British Columbia, Canada. It is located on the north bank of the Sikanni Chief River, at an elevation of . Highway 97 / Alaska Highway runs through this place.
See also
Sekani
References
Unincorporated settlements in British Columbia
Peace River Country
Populated places in the Peace River Regional District
Mežotne Palace (, ) is a manor house located in Mežotne municipality in Bauska district, in the Semigallia region of Latvia. The palace is one of the most outstanding examples of Neoclassical architecture in Latvia.
History
In 1795, Empress Catherine II of Russia granted Charlotte von Lieven (1742–1828), the tutor of their grandchildren, a lifetime use of the property at Mežotne. In 1797, Emperor Paul I of Russia turned it into the hereditary estate of the Lieven family. In 1799, they raised them to the title of countess. In 1826 they were raised by Nicholas I of Russia to a princess. During the last years of the Duchy of Courland's history, the manor was rented by Johann Friedrich von Medem. Their daughter Anna Charlotte Dorothea married Duke Peter of Courland.
The construction of the manor house was started in 1797 under the guidance of the architect Johann Georg Adam Berlitz. They used the neo-classical design by the Italian architect Giacomo Quarenghi and added side avant-corps to the building. The construction work was completed in 1802. An English style landscape park and complex of subsidiary buildings were added to the ensemble. A previous manor house already existed next to it and was renovated to become the caretaker's house and administrative centre. Other buildings include the dairy, stables, distillery, and others, which was able to make the estate largely self-sufficient.
Charlotte von Lieven lived permanently in St. Petersburg, together with the Czar's family. Only once did they have an opportunity to visit their estate at Mežotne. In 1818 they accompanied Empress Maria Feodorovna on their journey to Germany and on 2 September arrived in Mežotne. They spent one day there and left early in the morning.
After the death of Charlotte von Lieven in 1828, the manor was inherited by their son Johann who had returned to Mežotne in 1817 after their military service in the Russian army. Their son Paul, the master of ceremonies at the Russian court and land marshal of the Vidzeme Knighthood, expanded their estate by obtaining the Bauska Manor with its castle ruins as well as Derpele and Krimulda Manors in Vidzeme.
In 1881 Mežotne was inherited by Paul Lieven's son Anatol. They started their career in St. Petersburg, but when they attained the rank of lieutenant of the Guards Cavalry, they left the army and settled in Mežotne.
The house suffered severe damage in 1919, when it was looted by the warlord Pavel Bermondt-Avalov's troops. In 1920, Prince Anatol Lieven was dispossessed of the estate as a result of the Latvian government's agrarian reform. It was used from 1921 until 1944 as the local agricultural school. During World War II, the manor was partially destroyed by artillery shells fired by the Soviet army in 1944. In 1946, the manor was taken over by the Latvian Agricultural Experiment Station. Restoration work started at the end of 1958. In 1996, the house was transferred to the control of the State Real Estate Agency, which carried out extensive reconstruction and restoration work in 2001, and a hotel opened.
The house and grounds are used today also for conferences and wedding receptions and other events.
Architecture
The facade to the front has a portico with four columns, the part to the park has a semi-rotunda that both correspond to the design by Giacomo Quarenghi. The bel étage is located on the first floor, which can be accessed by a staircase that was built in the second half of the 19th century. The domed main hall stretches over two storeys, which was also designed by Giacomo Quarenghi. The main hall is in the centre of the house, on all sides are various salons and the dining room. The hall is built in the neoclassical style and the space was influenced by the Pantheon in Rome.
The third floor was used as living quarters and guest rooms. The interior used to be filled with paintings, sculptures, porcelain and furniture.
Garden
The park stretches behind the house and is styled in the English landscape garden. It goes down to the bank of the Lielupe River. Sheep are used to graze the grass and keep it trim.
See also
List of palaces and manor houses in Latvia
References
Sources
External links
Homepage of Mežotne Palace
Latvia Tourism | Mežotne Palace
Palaces in Latvia
Neoclassical architecture in Latvia
Neoclassical palaces
Houses completed in 1802
Bauska Municipality
Pokémon: Diamond and Pearl: Battle Dimension (advertised as Pokémon: DP Battle Dimension) is the eleventh season of the Pokémon animated series and the second season of Pokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl, known in Japan as . It originally aired in Japan from November 8, 2007, to December 4, 2008, on TV Tokyo, and in the United States from April 12, 2008, to May 2, 2009, on Cartoon Network, covering the continuing adventures of series protagonist Ash Ketchum as they continue to travel Sinnoh with Dawn, Pikachu, and Brock.
The Japanese opening songs are "Together" for 26 episodes, and "Together 2008" for 17 episodes by Fumie Akiyoshi, and "High Touch!" (ハイタッチ!, Hai Tatchi!) by Satoshi / Ash Ketchum (Rika Matsumoto) and Hikari / Dawn (Megumi Toyoguchi) for 9 episodes. The ending songs are "By Your Side 〜Hikari's Theme〜 (Winter. Version)" (君のそばで 〜ヒカリのテーマ〜 Winter. Version, Kimi no Soba de 〜Hikari no Tēma〜 Winter. Version) by Grin for 9 episodes, "Message of the Wind" (風のメッセージ, Kaze no Messēji) for 23 episodes, and "Message of the Wind (POKAPOKA-VERSION.)" (風にメッセージ POKAPOKA-VERSION., Kaze no Messēji POKAPOKA-VERSION.) for 11 episodes by Mai Mizuhashi, "Surely Tomorrow" (あしたはきっと, Ashita wa Kitto) by Kanako Yoshii for 9 episodes, and the English opening song is "We Will Be Heroes" by Kirsten Price. Its instrumental version served as the end credit song.
Beginning with this season all the way up to the twenty second DuArt Media Services would serve as TPCi's producing partner for the English dub taking over from TAJ Productions.
Episodes
Music
The Japanese opening songs are "Together" for 26 episodes, and "Together 2008" for 17 episodes by Fumie Akiyoshi, and "High Touch!" (ハイタッチ!, Hai Tatchi!) by Rika Matsumoto and Megumi Toyoguchi for 9 episodes. The ending songs are "By Your Side 〜Hikari's Theme〜 (Winter. Version)" (君のそばで 〜ヒカリのテーマ〜 Winter. Version, Kimi no Soba de 〜Hikari no Tēma〜 Winter. Version) by Grin for 9 episodes, "Message of the Wind" (風のメッセージ, Kaze no Messēji) for 23 episodes, and "Message of the Wind (POKAPOKA-VERSION.)" (風にメッセージ POKAPOKA-VERSION., Kaze no Messēji POKAPOKA-VERSION.) for 11 episodes by Mai Mizuhashi, "Surely Tomorrow" (あしたはきっと, Ashita wa Kitto) by Kanako Yoshii for 9 episodes, and the English opening song is "We Will Be Heroes" by Kirsten Price. Its instrumental version served as the end credit song.
Home media releases
The series was released on six volume DVDs by Viz Media and Warner Home Video in the United States, which were released separately and as part of two boxsets. This was the first Pokémon DVD released in the United States after Viz's new home video partnership with Warner.
Viz Media and Warner Home Video released Pokémon the Series Diamond and Pearl: Battle Dimension – The Complete Season on DVD on January 7, 2020.
References
External links
at TV Tokyo
at TV Tokyo
at Pokémon JP official website
2007 Japanese television seasons
2008 Japanese television seasons
Season11
Tampico is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Tampico was laid out in 1850. A post office called Tampico was established in 1850, and remained in operation until 1876. Tampico was originally built up exclusively by African Americans.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Populated places established by African Americans
Bhujakhia Pir (tomb of Hajrat Swale Mohammad) is situated at Sunhat at the heart of the city is the tomb of Sufi saint Aasthana Sharif Hazrat Pir named as Hajrat Swale Mohammad better known as Bhujakhia Pir. The shrine of Baba Bhujakhia pir of Balasore stands as a symbol of harmony between Muslim and Hindu. During the occasion of Urs, a crowd gathers at the shrine comprising both Hindu and Muslims. This is an age-old tradition.
The legend tells that Hajrat Swale Mohammad from Baghdad, Iraq named afterwards as ‘Bhujakhia Pir' had come to Orissa in the 16th century and devoted themselves to the service of humankind, especially to the service of Cholera victims.In their begging, they asked for the daily food of the people of Balasore and only the bhuja (Puffed Rice/Mudhi)which was always available in all the houses. People used to call them Fakir Baba. Fakir's Baba kept asking for food. Whatever Baba get, they would distribute to all the children in the evening. In their begging, they asked for the daily food of the people of Balasore and only the bhuja (mudhi) which was always available in all the houses.
In the 1800s, people from all over the world came to worship the ancestor of Bhujakhia Pir Baba. But most of the Hindus did not go near Pir Baba near the pond. The first "Urus or Urus" festival was started in 1952 on the advice of Hazrat Maulana Mohammad Habibur Rahman, the father of Dhamnagar. That Urus word was Arabic. The other meaning of the word was worship or mental festival. Urus was celebrated every Thursday. But that was later the custom of celebrating the "Urus" festival almost once a year, after counting a particular month and date. This 'Urus' festival was celebrated by the Hindus and played a major role in the Hindus. When it was formally launched in 1952, it was headed by Kabiraj Lambohar Das of Sunhat. Besides Mahindra Das, Shiva Parida and Qazi Mohammad Reza started it in the traditional way. It has been celebrated for three days a year since 1970. The first day of Urus is Wednesday Baba's place is washed by adding 75 କଳସ (Jar of Water) water from the Budhabalanga river and adding sandalwood . This is called a "gosal bath". On Thursdays, Buffed Rice is offered to the for Wish(ମାନସିକ). There is an Feast on Friday.
Before the urs of Hajrat swale Mohammad the urs of Ahmed shah baba is observed. Urs of Bhujakhia pir astana is celebrated at the last Wednesday,Thursday and Friday of March. It is very popular in Balasore, even people from outside the balasore come to observe it. When they first came to balasore they seat under a neem tree where now there is their astana. Previously it opens towards upside but it is nicely built. It comes on the way going to Chandipur. People go to Astana on Thursday and worship there for whatever they want. Many people read quran there. Many people also tie thread at the left side of inner wall in belief that when baba will complete their wish they will untie this. People use Bhuja (Buffed Rice) as Sirni. Veg Biryani made from Arua rice. It is eaten by people of both Hindu and Muslim communities.
The newly married couples come there and wish for the well being of their spouse and family members.
The annual Fateha (Urs Swalehiya) is going to be observed on 10th,11th & 12th of Apr'13.
Buildings and structures in Odisha
Balasore district
Balasore
The 1974 Alcorn State Braves football team was an American football team that represented Alcorn State University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during 1974 NCAA Division II football season. In their 11th season under head coach Marino Casem, the Braves compiled an 9–2 record (5–1 against conference opponents), won the SWAC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 282 to 161. Alcorn State advanced to the NCAA Division II Football Championship playoffs, where the lost to UNLV in the quartefinals.
Alcorn State was recognized as the black college national champion and was ranked No. 14 in the final Associated Press 1974 NCAA College Division rankings.
Schedule
References
Alcorn State
Alcorn State Braves football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Alcorn State Braves football
Juan Rege Corvalán (1787–1830) was an Argentine politician and military man. They were governor of the province of Mendoza and leader of the Federalist Party.
1787 births
Governors of Mendoza Province
Argentine murder victims
People from Mendoza Province
1830 deaths
Langquaid is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Ortsteile
Villages affiliated to the administration (Ortsteil) of Langquaid are
Adlhausen
Hellring
Leitenhausen
Niederleierndorf
Oberleierndorf
Paring
Unterschneidhart
Mitterschneidhart
Oberschneidhart
References
Markt Langquaid - Ortsteile
External links
Official homepage of Markt Langquaid
Kelheim (district)
Xiphorhynchus is a genus of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae).
Species
It contains the following 14 species:
The straight-billed woodcreeper and Zimmer's woodcreeper are now separated in Dendroplex.
References
External links
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality (NCDEQ) is an agency of the government of North Carolina that focuses on the preservation and protection of natural resources and public health. The Department is headed by the Secretary of Environmental Quality, who is appointed by the Governor of North Carolina and is a member of the North Carolina Cabinet. The Department of Environmental Quality was formed in 2015 and it was preceded by the Department of Environmental and Natural Resources, which was formed in 1971 by the North Carolina Executive Reorganization Act. The current secretary is Dionne Delli-Gatti, who was appointed to the role by Governor Roy Cooper.
History
The Department was originally established as the Department of Environmental and Natural Resources by the North Carolina Reorganization Act of 1971.
Divisions
Current Divisions of the NCDEQ include:
Air Quality
Coastal Management
Energy, Mineral, and Land Resources
Environmental Assistance and Customer Service
Environmental Education and Public Affairs
Marine Fisheries
Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs
Mitigation Services
Waste Management
Water Infrastructure
Water Resources
Financial Services
General Counsel
Human Resources
Stewardship Program
Secretaries
The Secretaries of the Department of Environmental Quality have included:
Elizabeth Biser, July 2021 until present
Dionne Delli-Gatti (acting), March 2021 until June 2021
Michael S. Regan, January 2017 until March 2021.
Donald R. van der Vaart, January 2015 until December 2016.
As the Department of Environmental and Natural Resources, the Secretaries included the following:
John E. Skvarla, III, 2013 - 2014
Dee A. Freeman, 2009 - 2013
William G. Ross, Jr., 2001 - 2009
William E. Holman, 1999 - 2001
Wayne McDevitt, 1997 - 1999
Jonathan B. Howes, 1993 - 1997
William W. Cobey, Jr., 1989 - 1993
S. Thomas Rhodes, 1985 - 1988
James A. Summer, 1984 - 1985
Joseph W. Grimsley, 1981 - 1983
Howard N. Lee, 1977 - 1981
George W. Little, 1976 - 1977
James E. Harrington, 1973 - 1976
Charles W. Bradshaw, Jr., 1971 - 1973
Roy G. Sowers, 1971
Marine Patrol
The North Carolina Marine Patrol is part of the Division of Marine Fisheries. The mission of the Marine Patrol is to "ensure sustainable marine and estuarine fisheries for the benefit of the people of North Carolina". The patrol have jurisdiction over the coastal waters of the state, up to three miles offshore, and up to 200 miles offshore in respect of some federally-regulated species. Carter Witten was appointed colonel of the Marine Patrol in February 2019.
The Marine Patrol is responsible for ensuring compliance with state rules and regulations relating to fisheries and fishing. The work of the Patrol is divided into three districts (Northern, Central and Southern) and an aviation section. Officers are responsible for regulating and inspecting commercial and recreational fishermen, and also provide a general patrol service on waterways, piers, and beaches in coastal areas. The Patrol are also responsible for providing inspection services through the fish supply chain, including wholesalers and restaurants.
References
Government of North Carolina
State environmental protection agencies of the United States
Department of Environment and Natural Resources
Natural resources agencies in the United States
Environmental Quality
Government agencies with year of establishment missing
The Batticaloa Fort (; ) was built by the Portuguese in 1628 and was captured by the Dutch on 18 May 1638. From 1795, the fort was used by the British.
The fort has a structure of four bastions and is protected by the Batticaloa Lagoon on two sides and a canal on the other two sides. The fort is still in reasonable condition and currently houses several local administrative departments of the Sri Lanka government in new buildings, which are located within the old structure.
Timeline
Timeline of Batticaloa fort in colonial time.
1622 – Construction began by Portuguese
1628 – Construction completed
1638 – Dutch captured
1639 – Fort destroyed by Dutch
1665 – Reconstruction started
1682 – Renovation
1707 – Front bastion and complex completed
1766 – Ceded to Kandyan kingdom
1796 – Captured by British
See also
Forts of Sri Lanka
Batticaloa Gate
Picture gallery
References
External links
Web site of the World Monuments Fund.
British forts in Sri Lanka
Buildings and structures in Batticaloa
Dutch forts in Sri Lanka
Forts in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka
Portuguese forts in Sri Lanka
Archaeological protected monuments in Batticaloa District
Buildings and structures associated with the Dutch East India Company
DXDX (105.5 FM) Radyo Pilipinas is a radio station owned and operated by Philippine Broadcasting Service. The station's studio is located in Iligan Medical Center College, San Miguel Village, Brgy. Pala-o, Iligan.
References
Radio stations in Iligan
Radio stations established in 2018
Batrachedra pacabilis is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Pakistan.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Batrachorhina nervulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1894. It is known from Madagascar, where it has existed since the Upper Pleistocene. It feeds on Hymenaea verrucosa. It contains the varietas Batrachorhina nervulata var. drappieri.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1894
Kelsey Turnbow (born January 10, 1999) is an American soccer player who plays as a forward for San Diego Wave FC of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), the highest division of women's professional soccer in the United States. They began their professional career with Wave FC following an accomplished collegiate career with Santa Clara.
Early life
Turnbow played high school soccer for Central Valley High School in Spokane Valley, Washington and Pinnacle High School in Phoenix, Arizona. They also regularly played for the U.S. youth national teams.
Santa Clara
Turnbow helped Santa Clara win the 2020 NCAA Women's Division I championship, scoring in regulation and the penalty kick shootout in the final, and was named the 2020-21 College Cup Offensive Most Outstanding Player. They had previously been named the 2017 West Coast Conference Freshman of the Year among other accolades. Following the title, Turnbow was named the TopDrawerSoccer National Player of the Year. Although the team fell in the semifinals of the 2021 College Cup, Turnbow was named a MAC Hermann Trophy finalist and First Team All-American.
Club career
In the second round of the 2021 NWSL Draft, with the 18th overall pick, the Chicago Red Stars selected Turnbow from Santa Clara. However, Turnbow opted not to join the Red Stars for the 2021 NWSL season and returned to Santa Clara, where they led the team to the semifinals of the 2021 NCAA College Cup.
San Diego Wave FC
In December 2021, the San Diego Wave Futbol Club announced it had acquired the rights to Mexican international Katie Johnson, Makenzy Doniak, and Turnbow in a trade with the Chicago Red Stars. Turnbow made their club debut in March 2022 as a starter in Wave FC's inaugural match against Angel City FC.
Turnbow recorded their first professional assist on April 17, 2022, during the 2022 NWSL Challenge Cup, on a goal by Jodie Taylor against Portland Thorns, and their first league assist on May 15, also to Taylor, against the Red Stars.
ESPN writer Jeff Kassouf included Turnbow as part of the league's best-ever rookie class, and cited them as a key midfielder and frequent leader of San Diego's pressing attack.
Honors
Santa Clara Broncos
2017 West Coast Conference Freshman of the Year
2020 NCAA Women's Division I championship
2020-21 NCAA College Cup Offensive Most Outstanding Player
MAC Hermann Trophy finalist (2021)
TopDrawerSoccer.com women's Player of the Year (2021)
References
External links
San Diego Wave profile
NWSL profile
Santa Clara profile
1999 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
American women's soccer players
Soccer players from Scottsdale, Arizona
Santa Clara Broncos women's soccer players
National Women's Soccer League players
San Diego Wave FC players
Rodrigo Ruiz (21 September 1929 – 17 June 2014) was a Costa Rican sports shooter. They competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1929 births
2014 deaths
Costa Rican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Costa Rica
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
People from Cartago Province
Maria Antònia Oliver Cabrer (4 December 1946 – 10 February 2022) was a Spanish writer. Them work has been translated into German, English, Spanish, Galician, French, Portuguese, and Russian. They were honored with the Premi d'Honor de les Lletres Catalanes in 2016.
Life
Born in Manacor, Balearic Islands, Oliver was a resident of Barcelona from 1969. Oliver was known for their novels and short stories, and was also a Castilian and Catalan language translator. In the 1980s, Oliver joined a number of other Catalan-language writers to form the Ofèlia Dracs collective, looking to bring attention to, and broaden the output of deepening Catalan literature.
Oliver's first work was published in 1970. While most of their work has been for adult readers, some is aimed at children and youth. In addition to novel and short stories, they have written plays (Negroni de ginebra ; 1991), screenplays, as well as stories for radio (Catalunya Ràdio) and television (TV3; TVE Catalunya). They have worked for El Correo Catalán, Diario de Mallorca, Última hora, and Diari de Barcelona. Writing in Catalan, many of their works have been translated into Castilian, German, English, Galician and Russian.
Oliver was married to the writer Jaume Fuster. They have served as dean of Institució de les Lletres Catalanes (2001-2004). They died on 10 February 2022, at the age of 75.
Selected works
Cròniques d'un mig estiu (1970)
Cròniques de la molt anomenada ciutat de Montcarrà (1972)
El vaixell d'Iràs i no Tornaràs (1976)
Punt d'arròs (1979)
Crineres de foc (1985)
Estudi en lila (1985)
Antípodes (1988)
Joana E. (1992)
El sol que fa l'ànec (1994)
Amor de cans (1994)
Tallats de lluna (2000)
Awards
Prudenci Bertrana Prize
2001, Outstanding Achievement Award of the Llibre Setmana in Catalan
2003, Ramon Llull Prize, Balearic Government
Finalist for the Sant Jordi Prize (1984) for Crineres de foc
Prize for Catalan Literature of the Generalitat of Catalonia (1985) for the translation of Moby Dick
Jaume Fuster Prize for Catalan Writers (2004)
Premi d'Honor de les Lletres Catalanes (2016)
References
External links
1946 births
2022 deaths
People from Manacor
Spanish women novelists
Women writers from Catalonia
The Camsdorf Bridge (German: Camsdorfer Brücke) is a bridge over the Saale river in Jena, Germany. It connects the city center of Jena with the suburb of Wenigenjena and is considered to be the oldest stone arch bridge in Jena.
History
First stone bridge, 15th century
A wooden bridge spanned the Saale until the construction of the first stone bridge in the 15th century. In 1416, the bridge included a hermitage in which a man could request alms for the bridge. The stone arch bridge was built around 1480 and consisted of nine arches. It was an important crossing over the Saale, which at that time often flooded its banks, and served to connect Jena to the settlements east of the city. The stones used in its construction originated from the remnants of castles on the Hausberg mountain which were destroyed in 1304.
This old Camsdorf bridge was included under the Latin name Pons as one of the Seven Wonders of Jena. It featured its own chapel, in which a stone or wooden cross stood until 1824 marking the border between the urban area and Camsdorf. In the guesthouse Grüne Tanne by the bridge, Goethe wrote Der Erlkönig.
In 1575, two additional arches were added on the Camsdorf side of the bridge.
The history of the original bridge also includes some tragic events:
In late January 1637 during the Thirty Years' War, invading Swedish troops already had most of Jena under their control when Imperial reinforcements under Count Götze arrived. In order to thwart the enemy's advance, an arch of the bridge was destroyed with explosives. In the blast, up to 36 workers and soldiers were killed. From 1637 to 1655 a temporary wooden structure covered the gap in the bridge; the damage was finally repaired in 1655 by the master builder Moritz Richter on the order of Duke William of Saxe-Weimar.
In 1716, a frightened horse jumped over the railing and carried its unfortunate rider to their death.
On 7 July 1823, a heavily pregnant woman named Maria Hüttich crossing the bridge with a heavy basket leaned against the railing to rest. They lost their balance and fell into the Saale; on the following day they delivered a stillborn baby boy and then themselves died.
Second construction, 1913
With increasing development and industrialization during the 19th century, the need for a new bridge was recognized. The majority of the contemporary population however regarded the Camsdorf Bridge as a valuable historical monument which should be preserved.
To handle the growing traffic, the old bridge was demolished in July 1912 and its replacement was completed by November 1913. On the southwest pillar of the bridge, a small pavilion was erected containing a statue of the Archangel Michael, patron saint of Jena. In addition to regular vehicle and pedestrian traffic, the new bridge supported a tram line connecting Jena and Weningenjena.
Third construction, 1946
The rebuilt bridge was destroyed in 1945 by Wehrmacht sappers in an effort to obstruct the eastward progress of Allied armies. Its destruction was nevertheless tactically useless as the Americans had already crossed the Saale elsewhere at Kunitz. The damage was surveyed in the weeks immediately following the war, and the bridge was quickly rebuilt in 1946 with Soviet help. The rebuilt bridge was dubbed the "Bridge of German-Soviet Friendship" and was the first structure in Jena rebuilt after the war.
For many years, the Camsdorf Bridge was the only crossing over the Saale in the vicinity of Jena which heavy vehicles could traverse.
Present status
The bridge was extensively renovated in 2005 as a result of serious wear. The tram line was also expanded, from a single to a double lane. Upon its reopening in 2005, a festival was held on the bridge for the first time.
Literature
Carl Christian Schramm: Historischer Schauplatz, in welchem die Merkwürdigsten Brücken aus allen vier Theilen der Welt, Insonderheit aber Die in den vollkommensten Stand versetzte Dreßdner Elb-Brücke, In saubern Prospecten, Münzen und andern Kupferstichen, vorgestellet und beschrieben werden: Durch brauchbare Anmerkungen und besondere Urkunden erläutert, Auch mit nöthigen Registern versehen. Leipzig, 1735 pp. 139–142 (Vogelschau-Ansicht der Brücke (um 1700) Digitalisat. The original can be found in the Heidelberg university library.)
See also
List of medieval stone bridges in Germany
References
Stone bridges in Germany
Buildings and structures in Jena
Stone arch bridges
Jessica Hammerl (born July 10, 1988 in Landshut, West Germany) is a German ice hockey defender.
International career
Hammerl was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They did not record a point in the five games.
Hammerl also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics.
As of 2014, Hammerl has also appeared for Germany at three IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2011.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
1988 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Sportspeople from Landshut
German women's ice hockey defencemen
Mike Tyson vs. Andrew Golota, billed as Showdown in Motown, was a professional boxing match contested on October 20, 2000.
Background
After serving a 15-month ban because of their actions during their 1997 match with Evander Holyfield, Tyson returned in January 1999 with a fifth-round knockout win over heavyweight contender, Francois Botha. After Botha, Tyson had little trouble with their next three opponents. They fought a no-contest with Orlin Norris. Norris was injured and could not continue after the first round. Further fights included a second-round knockout against veteran Julius Francis followed by a 34-second knockout versus fringe contender Lou Savarese. On August 30, 2000, the announcement came that Tyson's next fight would be against former heavyweight title challenger Andrew Golota. Both men came into the fight with reputations as dirty fighters which led some to doubt whether the two could have a clean fight. Golota's two most notable fights were against Riddick Bowe, where both times, Golota was disqualified for hitting Bowe below the waist. Meanwhile, Tyson was notoriously disqualified in their rematch with Holyfield for biting both of Holyfield's ears and had a history of hitting after the bell, repeated in their fights against Botha, Norris and Savarese. Golota publicly stated that they planned to fight cleanly. Tyson stated that they hoped they would obtain a quick knockout victory over Golota.
The fight
As usual, Tyson started the fight aggressively by landing several power punches on Golota within the first 30 seconds of round one. Golota was able to withstand Tyson's early assault and effectively used their left jab and height advantage for the next two minutes to remain in the fight. During the final 30 seconds, Tyson became more aggressive and threw two big right crosses at Golota, one of which connected. Golota was forced to clinch Tyson in an effort to slow them down. After the referee separated the two, Tyson connected with a powerful right cross that dropped Golota to the canvas. Golota was able to get back up just before the round came to an end, but they were now bleeding from a cut above their left eye. After the first round, Golota twice asked their trainer to stop the fight. Hoping to secure the knockout victory, Tyson continued their aggressive assault in the second round, prompting Golota to clinch Tyson several times to try to slow down Tyson's furious rally and reduce the effectiveness of Tyson's power punches. Though Golota attempted to fight back, Tyson was able to easily win the round on all three judges' scorecards. In between rounds two and three, Golota told their corner that they would not continue, and began walking across the ring, and as the bell for the third round approached, referee Frank Garza informed Golota that they still had a few seconds to change their mind and come back fighting, but to no avail. Despite a desperate urging on the part of both their trainer and their cornermen, Golota refused to continue the as the bell rang, Garza approached the opposite corner and raised Tyson's hand, awarding them victory via a technical knockout.
Aftermath
The fans who attended the fight were angry and pelted Golota with garbage as they retreated to the dressing room. It was eventually discovered that Golota was suffering multiple injuries that influenced their decision not to continue. At the hospital, it was discovered that Golota had suffered a concussion, a fractured left cheekbone and a herniated disc during the fight. Golota left boxing for almost three years before returning on August 14, 2003.
Early in 2001, the Michigan Athletic Board of Control issued a three-month suspension to Tyson based on their refusal to submit to a pre-fight urine test, opting instead to take one after the fight. Days after their suspension was announced, it was discovered that Tyson had tested positive for marijuana after the fight. Because of this, their victory over Golota was overturned and changed to a no-contest.
References
2000 in boxing
Golota
Boxing on Showtime
2000 in sports in Michigan
October 2000 sports events in the United States
Rakuda Glacier () is a glacier flowing to the coast just east of Rakuda Rock in Queen Maud Land. Mapped from surveys and air photos by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE), 1957–62, who gave the name.
Rakuda Rock () is a projecting coastal rock at the west side of Rakuda Glacier in Queen Maud Land. Mapped from surveys and air photos by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE), 1957–62, who gave the name.
See also
Glaciology
Hikae Rock
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Prince Olav Coast
Albu is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Austen Albu (1903–1994), British politician
Emily Albu (born 1945), American classics scholar
Florența Albu (1934–2000), Romanian poet
George Albu (1857–1935), mining magnate in the diamond and gold industries of South Africa
Gheorghe Albu (1909–1974), Romanian football player
See also
Albu baronets, a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Romanian-language surnames
The Love War (1970) is a science fiction ABC Movie of the Week starring Lloyd Bridges as an alien warrior and Angie Dickinson as the woman they befriend.
It was originally advertised and broadcast under the title The Sixth Column.
Plot
Two warring planets choose to settle their conflict over which of them will take over the planet Earth, each sending a trio of soldiers to Earth to fight to the death. The combatants, disguised as human beings, can only identify each other by using special visors.
Kyle, one of the combatants, falls in love with Sandy, a woman they meet during their stay in a small town. In the end, despite cheating by the other side, Kyle is the sole survivor, but before they can signal their people they have won, Sandy shoots them with one of the alien weapons. A dying Kyle then learns that Sandy is also an alien; the other side has cheated twice. They chose duty to their people over their love for him. Weeping as they watch them die, they ask them what their half-breed children would have been. The film's closing shot shows Sandy through the visor as they really are — a hideously scarred humanoid. Earth faces an orgy of destruction and the extermination of humanity.
Setting
The setting is north-central California, as the final showdown is held in a small town described as being near the city of Fresno. Much of the action was filmed in and around the town of Piru near Los Angeles.
Reception
Moria gave the movie three stars finding it good for its time, although noting it is not "hard" sci fi.
Cast
Lloyd Bridges as Kyle
Angie Dickinson as Sandy
Harry Basch as Bal
Daniel J. Travanti as Ted (as Dan Travanty)
Allen Jaffe as Hort
Bill McLean as Reed
Byron Foulger as Will
Pepper Martin
Bob Nash as Limo Driver
Art Lewis
Home media
The movie was released on VHS cassette tape in the United Kingdom by Guild Home Video.
See also
List of American films of 1970
References
External links
1970 films
1970s science fiction war films
ABC Movie of the Week
American science fiction war films
1970s English-language films
Films about death games
Films directed by George McCowan
1970s American films
is a train station in Miyoshi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
The 1878 Stevens football team was an American football team that represented Stevens Institute of Technology in the 1878 college football season. The team compiled a 1–1–2 record and was outscored by a total of four goals to one. The team played its home games at the St. George's Cricket Club grounds in Hoboken, New Jersey.
Schedule
Game summaries
Princeton
On October 26, at 2:30 p.m., the Princeton football team played a football match against Stevens Institute of Technology and (with some participation from members of the St. George's Cricket Club). The game was played between teams of 15 players per side on the Princeton University grounds before a large crowd, including many carriages parked in the space outside the ropes. Princeton scored four goals and six touchdowns. Stevens did not score.
The lineup for Stevens Institute was as follows: Spofford, Rosenbury, Dilworth, Clarke, Leib, Rosenberger, Denton, Dashill and Suydam as forwardss; Merritt, Connover, and Herrick as halfbacks; and Hysop, Pracay, and Moore as backs. Merritt was the Stevens team captain.
Rutgers
On October 30, the team from Stevens Institute played a match against the Rutgers College team in New Brunswick, New Jersey. The game ended in a scoreless tie with neither side scoring a goal nor touchdown.
Columbia
On November 5, Stevens was scheduled to play a match against the team from the College of the City of New York (CCNY) at St. George's Cricket Club grounds in Hoboken, New Jersey. The CCNY club did not show up, but a group of nine students from Columbia arrived and agreed to a "scratch game". Sides were chosen among the available players by Herrick of Stevens and Burton of Columbia. Burton's team scored three touchdowns, but neither team scored a goal.
Rutgers
On November 9, at 3:00 p.m., Stevens hosted Rutgers for a return match on the St. George's Cricket Club grounds. Neither team scored a touchdown or goal in the first or second halves. The sides agreed to an additional 10 minutes. Reisenberger recovered the ball beyond Rutgers' goal line for a touchdown, and Suydam kicked the goal giving Stevens the victory by one goal to none.
The lineup for Stevens included Muller, Gowen, Ruh, Macauley, and Hasbrouck at the forward positions, Howe, See and Randolph at the halfback positions, and Voorhees and Norris as backs. Randolph was the team captain.
References
Stevens
Stevens Tech Ducks football seasons
Stevens football
John Fulton Reid (3 March 1956 – 28 December 2020) was a New Zealand cricketer. They were born in Auckland.
Cricket career
Reid completed their education at Lynfield College, well known for its cricket. Reid houses at Lynfield College is named after him. They worked as a high school geography teacher while playing cricket.
Reid played in 19 Test matches and 25 One Day Internationals between 1979 and 1986. Their Test average was 46.28 and included six Test centuries. Their ODI average was 27.52. Despite having a very respectable batting average of 46.28, it was revealed by Cricinfo that Reid had the biggest difference in batting averages between first and second innings. They had a first innings average of 68.41, but a second innings average of only 12.09, a difference of more than 56 runs.
John Reid played an important part in New Zealand's first test win over Australia in 1985. They scored 108 runs and combined with Martin Crowe for a third wicket stand of 284. Richard Hadlee said of Reid "His contribution was quite significant ... those two put the game firmly in our control and gave us a significant lead that allowed us to win that first ever test in Australia".
John Reid 's cousin is former Australian cricketer Bruce Reid.
John Wright described them as “a person they were a good team man. They were a quiet achiever. They were always constant. Dependable. Reliable. Astute”
Cricket administration career
John Reid was the chief executive of Auckland Cricket. They then appointed as the New Zealand caretaker coach for the centenary season of 1994-95. Moving south to Canterbury, they were appointed in 1996 as New Zealand Cricket's cricket operations manager and high-performance manager. They led the establishment of New Zealand Cricket's National High Performance Centre at Lincoln. This included developing the Bert Sutcliffe Oval, supporting grounds and the indoor training facility.
John Reid took on a new position with Sport NZ in 2005 and was a trustee of the Selwyn Sports Trust. In 2015 John Reid began a new role as the Selwyn District Council's major projects property manager. The wooden floor sports hall at the Selwyn Sports Centre in Rolleston has been named after John Reid in appreciation for their work as a champion of the courts and community sport in Selwyn.
Records
They hold the New Zealand record of scoring 1,000 test runs in the fewest innings.
Death
John Reid died of cancer in Christchurch on 28 December 2020.
References
External links
Cricinfo article on batting averages of first and second innings
1956 births
2020 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
New Zealand Test cricketers
New Zealand One Day International cricketers
Auckland cricketers
Cricketers from Auckland
Deaths from cancer in New Zealand
North Island cricketers
Kym Gyngell (born 15 April 1952), sometimes also credited as Kim Gyngell, is an Australian comedian and film, television and stage actor. Gyngell won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role in 1988 for their role as Ian McKenzie in Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
Career
Television
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, they appeared in The Comedy Company and developed several popular characters, a few of which survived beyond The Comedy Company. One of their characters, Col'n Carpenter (who neglects to pronounce the letter 'i' in their name Colin), is a slow Australian with unique speech mannerisms. Col'n went on to have their own sitcom that ran for two seasons, in the early 1990s.
Also in the early 1990s, Gyngell appeared (as Carpenter) in a series of public service announcements for the Alcohol Advisory Council of New Zealand.
Gyngell was a regular on the popular Australian series Full Frontal during the mid-1990s, where they starred alongside Eric Bana before Bana attained Hollywood fame. Their most notable characters included; "Leon" (Art critic who used to show up on talk shows and say the word "Crap"); and as characters sending up Kerry O'Brien (host of the ABC's The 7.30 Report) and John Laws (former 2UE radio broadcaster).
Once they left Full Frontal, they had a few guest roles, including comedy programs The Micallef Program and Pizza, and on drama series The Secret Life of Us, CrashBurn and Love My Way.
Since 2007, Gyngell played Father Harris on the ABC comedy The Librarians.
In 2008, Gyngell had a role in Underbelly for the Nine Network and also in ABC1's comedy Very Small Business.
In 2010, they had a role in the TV series Lowdown. In 2012, Gyngell played Paddy the Montebello family's shady accountant in The Straits. Both aired on ABC1.
Film
In 1985, Gyngell starred in their first film Wills & Burke playing William John Wills. In 1988, they played Ian McKenzie in Boulevard of Broken Dreams, which earned them an AFI award for Best actor. In 1988, they appeared in Bachelor Girl (1988) and in Grievous Bodily Harm. In 1990, they were in What the Moon Saw, and starred in Heaven Tonight which earned them an AFI nomination.
In 2000, they starred in the surprise hit of the year, the comedy The Wog Boy, playing the Supervisor; In 2002, they played the character of Paul in The Hard Word and as Richard in Blow.
In 2005, they were in The Writer.
Film awards
Gyngell received an AFI award in 1988 for "Best Actor in a Supporting Role" for their role in Boulevard of Broken Dreams which starred John Waters who won the AFI Best Actor award; Gyngell was also nominated for their performance in Heaven Tonight (1990). In 2005 Gyngell won the Best Actor award at the St Kilda Film Festival for their role in The Writer.
Theatre
Gyngell played with various theatre collectives in the early 1970s, such as La Mama, The Pram Factory, Hoopla (the predecessor of the Malthouse Theatre, Melbourne). In the late 1970s, they performed with the Sydney Theatre Company. In 2003, Gyngell played Robert in a production of David Auburn's play Proof. In 2008 Gyngell played William in the two-hander Ninety by Joanna Murray-Smith at the Melbourne Theatre Company (MTC); Later that year they played Tartuffe in Molière's The Hypocrite at the MTC opposite Marina Prior and Garry McDonald. In 2012, Gyngell performed in Sydney Theatre Company's production of Pygmalion.
Personal life
Their second cousin is the former CEO of the Nine Network, David Gyngell, and their older brother is former diplomat and Office of National Assessments head Allan Gyngell.
Selected works
Le Club Foote: Music
Gyngell played keyboards in the Melbourne band Le Club Foote, who released their only album Cinema Qua in 1984, along with a couple of singles. The album was produced by Colin Hay of the band Men at Work.
Albums
Singles
Television
Kaboodle (1986) – Magic Mirror in the episode Snow White and the Dreadful Dwarves (Series 1)
The Comedy Company (1988–89) – Col'n Carpenter
Col'n Carpenter (1990–91) – Col'n Carpenter
Full Frontal (1993–97) – various characters
"Greed" by Joanna Murray-Smith, episode in The Seven Deadly Sins for ABC Television (1993)
Fire (1995) – Jimmy Runyon
The Micallef Program (1999) – Various Characters
Pizza
The Secret Life of Us (2003) – Dr. Vander
Love My Way (2007)
Wilfred (2007) – Dr. Jack Underwood
The Librarians (2007) – Father Harris
Underbelly (2008) – Keith Faure
Very Small Business (2008) – Ray Leonard
Lowdown (2010) – Howard Evans
The Straits (2012) – Paddy
Rake (2016) – Reggie
Films
Wills & Burke (1985) – William John Wills
Just Us (1986) – The Mouth
With Love to the Person Next to Me (1987) – Wallace
Evil Angels (A Cry in the Dark) (1988) – Actor
Boulevard of Broken Dreams (1988) – Ian McKenzie
Bachelor Girl (1988) – Karl Stanton
Grievous Bodily Harm (1988) – Mick
What the Moon Saw (1990) – Jim Shilling
Heaven Tonight (1990) – Baz Schultz
The Making of Nothing (1993) – Davo
Love and Other Catastrophes (1996) – Professor Leech
The Wog Boy (2000) – Supervisor
The Hard Word (2002) – Paul
Blow (2002) – Richard
Josh Jarman (2004) – Stan Billows
The Writer (2005) – Jonathan
The Little Death (2014) – Steve
Bleeding Steel (2017) – Dr. James
Brothers' Nest (2018) – Rodger
On stage
Proof (2003) – Robert
Ninety (2008/2009) – William
The Hypocrite (2008) – Tartuffe
References
External links
Kym Gyngell family tree
"Profile – Kim Gyngell" by Amanda Zachariah, Geelong Advertiser (26 September 2008)
"The Hypocrite – Melbourne Theatre Company" by Carol Middleton, Australian Stage Online (14 November 2008)
1952 births
Australian male comedians
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Australian male stage actors
Comedians from Melbourne
Male actors from Melbourne
Living people
Best Supporting Actor AACTA Award winners
Jason Beckford-Ball, MA, RMN is Editor of the British Journal of Nursing (BJN). They became Editor in March 2009, having advanced from assistant editor.
Background
Beckford-Ball was a qualified mental health nurse before studying English Literature at London University. They became a freelance journalist, later specializing in medical issues. They have written numerous articles on nursing and health-related issues for such titles as British Journal of Midwifery, Nursing Times, Dermatological Nursing, Continence UK, et al.
In 2006 they won a Nursing Times Award for their services as Deputy Clinical Editor, Nursing Times
External links
http://www.cision.net/tag/jason-beckford-ball/
http://www.continence-uk.com/journal/downloads/0201_harrogate.pdf
References
Alumni of the University of London
British editors
British male journalists
Nurses from London
British non-fiction writers
Writers from London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
George William Coleman (born February 1, 1939) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. Coleman served as bishop of the Diocese of Fall River in Massachusetts from 2003 to 2014.
Biography
Early life and education
George Coleman was born to George and Beatrice (née Shea) Coleman in Fall River, Massachusetts; they have one sister, Eileen. Raised in Somerset, Massachusetts, they attended Village Elementary School and graduated from Monsignor James Coyle High School in Taunton, Massachusetts in 1957.
While studying at College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, Coleman decided to enter the priesthood. They attended St. John's Seminary in Boston and then the Pontifical North American College in Rome. Coleman completed their theological studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, receiving a Licentiate in Theology.
Ordination and ministry
On December 16, 1964, Coleman was ordained to the priesthood in Rome by Bishop Francis Reh for the Diocese of Fall River.On returning to Massachusetts, Coleman served as associate pastor of St. Kilian's Parish in New Bedford, Massachusetts. In 1967, they were assigned to ministry at St. Louis Parish in Fall River and in 1972 to Our Lady of Victory Parish in Centerville, Massachusetts.
In 1977, Coleman was appointed director of the Diocesan Department of Education. They assumed the additional post in 1982 of pastor of St. Patrick's Parish in Fall River. From 1985 to 1994, Coleman served as pastor of Corpus Christi Parish in Sandwich, Massachusetts, concurrently serving as dean of the Cape Cod & Islands Deanery in the diocese from 1990 to 1994.
In 1994, Coleman was appointed vicar general and moderator of the curia of Fall River by then Bishop Seán O'Malley. Coleman was also raised to the rank of honorary prelate of their holiness in 1994 by Pope John Paul II.When Bishop O'Malley was appointed in 2002 as bishop of the Diocese of Palm Beach, the pope chose Coleman to serve as diocesan administrator for the Diocese of Fall River.
Bishop of Fall River
On April 30, 2003, John Paul II appointed Coleman as the seventh bishop of the Diocese of Fall River. They were consecrated on July 22 2003 by Archbishop Gabriel Higuera, with Archbishop Daniel Cronin and Bishop O'Malley serving as co-consecrators. For their episcopal motto, Coleman chose Letter to the Romans (14:8): "Domini sumus -- We are the Lord's".
Retirement
On July 3, 2014, Coleman sent their letter of retirement as bishop of the Diocese of Fall River to Pope Francis.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Diocese of Fall River
Episcopal succession
1939 births
Living people
Catholic Church in Massachusetts
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Fred Viktor Persson (born 22 August 1973) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. They made 54 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored three goals.
References
1973 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
The Khabour Guards (; ) is an Assyrian militia in Syria created after the collapse of Syrian government control in the Assyrian-majority Khabur valley in the northwest of al-Hasakah Governorate. The militia is composed of local Assyrians and maintains checkpoints in several Assyrian settlements, most notably Tell Tamer. It was initially established as an independent force, but is now affiliated with the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces. Though officially neutral and nonpartisan, the Khabour Guards are de facto affiliated with the Assyrian Democratic Party along with Nattoreh, and as a part of the Syriac-Assyrian Military Council of the Syrian Democratic Forces, they are affiliated with the Syriac Union Party.
History
Foundation and break with the Syriac Union Party
The Khabour Guards were originally set up by locals of the Khabur valley around late 2012 and early 2013. The group was supposed to act as pure self-defense force for the region's Assyrian villages, stay completely neutral in the Syrian civil war, and be independent of all parties and warring factions, regardless of their political or religious orientations. Although the militia initially managed to attract hundreds of recruits, the Khabour Guards soon started to decline in military strength due to many locals migrating and the refusal of most Assyrian groups, such as the Assyrian Democratic Organization, to supply them with arms. In consequence, the Khabour Guards gave up their attempts to stay neutral and joined Sutoro, a security force formed by the Syriac Union Party. The latter started to supply the Khabour Guards through its armed wing, the Syriac Military Council (MFS). The Khabour Guards and the MFS consequently grew close, with some guards even wearing MFS insignia on their uniforms.
The Khabour Guards were initially overrun by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) during a major offensive in early 2015. Nevertheless, they managed to slow the advance of ISIL with support from the MFS and mostly Kurdish People's Defense Units (YPG), though subsequent events led to the guards distancing themselves from both. On the evening of 21 April 2015, two leading Khabour Guard commanders, David Gindo and Elias Nasser, were abducted, blindfolded, shot and left for dead in an area close to the village of Jumayla. Elias Nasser managed to survive the assassination attempt and crawled to a main road where a passerby picked them up and took them to a hospital in Qamishli. It was initially believed that ISIL was behind the attempt to murder both of the Assyrian leaders, but Elias Nasser later revealed the assailants were members of the YPG. Four YPG fighters were subsequently arrested for their involvement in assassinating David Gindo and the assassination attempt on Elias Nasser, with two of the accused receiving a 20-year sentence while the other two received a four and one-year sentence respectively.
Nevertheless, the relationship of the Khabour Guards with both YPG and the MFS worsened, and they broke ties with the Syriac Union Party over the incident. Thereafter, the militia's situation became difficult, allegedly due to pressure by the YPG to fully join the MFS. In response, the Khabour Guards' leadership announced in June 2015 that the group had decided to "lay down our weapons in the fight against ISIS". The guards then split, with many members staying close to the MFS and continuing to fight against ISIL with the YPG, while the rest of the militia aligned itself with the Assyrian Democratic Party, a rival of the Syriac Union Party.
Operations from 2015
Meanwhile, ISIL forces were driven from the Khabur valley in course of the Western al-Hasakah offensive in May 2015. Following the reconquest, however, the various Christian militias including the Khabour Guards, looted local villages under the guise of searching for ISIL holdouts. In the following years, the militia mostly stayed neutral, though some Khabour Guards fought with the YPG in the Manbij offensive. On 25 February 2017, the Assyrian Democratic Party agreed to join the Syrian Democratic Council, while the YPG handed over security in the Assyrian towns along the Khabur River to the Khabour Guards and Nattoreh. The two groups consequently joined the Syrian Democratic Forces. On 20 September 2018, the Assyrian Democratic Party announced the formation of the "General Command of the Assyrian Forces" which was supposed to serve as umbrella organization for its affiliated paramilitaries including the Khabour Guards. The latter left the "Assyrian Forces" three months later, however, resulting in accusations that the SDF had influenced the Khabour Guards.
In late 2019, the Khabour Guards fought alongside other SDF groups against the Turkish offensive into north-eastern Syria, as Turkey and allied militias targeted the Khabur valley. In this context, the Khabour Guards' spokesperson Nabil Warde declared that the Turks were "our long-time enemies", referencing the late Ottoman genocides of Christians in 1915–1918.
See also
Assyrian Democratic Party
Syrian Democratic Forces
Syriac Military Council
Nattoreh
Sootoro
Sutoro
References
Bibliography
Anti-ISIL factions in Syria
Assyrian organizations
Military units and factions of the Syrian civil war
Military units and formations established in 2013
Syrian Democratic Forces
Gopal Singh Rawat was an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party. Rawat was elected as a member of the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly from Gangotri (constituency) in 2007 and 2017. Rawat defeated Vijaypal Singh Sajwan of Indian National Congress by 9,610 votes in 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly election. Rawat died from Cancer aged 60.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Indian politicians
People from Uttarkashi district
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand MLAs 2017–2022
Uttarakhand MLAs 2007–2012
The 2022 FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup, the 19th edition of FIBA's premier international tournament for women's national basketball teams, was held in Sydney, Australia between 22 September and 1 October 2022.
The United States were the three-time defending champion, and regained the title after a final win over China. Host Australia captured the bronze medal with a win against Canada.
Hosts selection
Australia and Russia were the only two federations bidding for the tournament. The decision was made on 26 March 2020 during a video conference.
Venues
The tournament was played at two venues inside the Sydney Olympic Park.
Qualification
Australia as the hosts automatically qualified for the tournament in March 2020. All other teams qualified through qualifying tournaments, after finishing as the top teams during their regional tournament. A total of 12 teams played in those tournaments for the remaining spots.
The shown FIBA ranking indicates the ranking before the tournament.
On 1 March 2022, Russia was expelled from the tournament by FIBA due to the invasion of Ukraine and Puerto Rico was awarded the first wildcard as their replacement on 18 May 2022. Due a political crisis at the country, Nigeria withdrew their team in June 2022 and was replaced by Mali as the second-placed team at the African Championship.
Qualified teams
Draw
The official draw ceremony took place on 3 March 2022 in Sydney.
Referees
The following 23 referees were selected for the tournament.
Scott Beker (AUS)
Christopher Reid (AUS)
Andreia Silva (BRA)
Maripier Malo (CAN)
Yu Jung (TPE)
Martin Vulić (CRO)
Maj Forsberg (DEN)
Sara El-Sharnouby (EGY)
Daigo Urushima (JPN)
Yana Nikogossyan (KAZ)
Gatis Saliņš (LAT)
Viola Györgyi (NOR)
Ryan Jones (NZL)
Julio Anaya (PAN)
Wojciech Liszka (POL)
Johnny Batista (PUR)
Yasmina Alcaraz (ESP)
Ariadna Chueca (ESP)
Amir Taboubi (TUN)
Özlem Yalman (TUR)
Amy Bonner (USA)
Blanca Burns (USA)
Joyce Muchenu (ZIM)
Squads
Each team consisted of twelve players.
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Final standings
Statistics and awards
Statistical leaders
Players
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Blocks
Steals
Efficiency
Teams
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Blocks
Steals
Efficiency
Awards
The awards were announced on 1 October 2022.
See also
2023 FIBA Men's Basketball World Cup
References
External links
Official website
2022
World Cup
International sports competitions hosted at Sydney Olympic Park
World Cup
2022–23 in Australian basketball
2022 in Australian women's sport
September 2022 sports events in Australia
October 2022 sports events in Australia
Sports events affected by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Arnis Veidemanis is a Latvian curler and curling coach.
At the national level, they are a Latvian men's champion curler (2021), two-time Latvian mixed champion curler (2013, 2014) and two-time Latvian mixed doubles champion curler (2014, 2020).
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
Mixed doubles
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Arnis Veidemanis photos - sportfoto.com
Video:
Living people
Latvian male curlers
Latvian curling champions
Latvian curling coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nick Logan (born 3 January 1947 in Lincoln, Lincolnshire) is an English journalist, editor and publisher.
Logan is best known for having founded The Face, the magazine which forged a new "lifestyle" sector in British publishing in the 1980s and 1990s.
They were editor of the New Musical Express during its 1970s heyday and created a slew of other titles alongside The Face: pop fortnightly Smash Hits, men's magazines Arena, Arena Homme + and Deluxe and women's publication Frank.
Early life
One of four children born to John and Doris Logan, Nick Logan was brought up in east London neighbourhoods Leytonstone and Wanstead, and attended Leyton County High School for Boys. They married Julie Hillier (1947-2016) in October 1967, and has three children.
Journalism
Logan started their career in 1963 as a reporter at the West Essex Gazette & Walthamstow Guardian series of local papers in east London, where they were given responsibility for the pop pages. "I might have interviewed the Small Faces, who lived locally, or the drummer of the Nashville Teens, but it was all minor stuff," Logan said later.
New Musical Express
In 1967 Logan joined IPC's NME as one of five staff writers. The weekly was still reliant on the major stars of the earlier part of the decade such as The Beatles, and, as rock music supplanted pop and album sales overtook those of singles, NME lost ground to the rival Melody Maker, also published by IPC.
In 1972 IPC's management promoted Logan's colleague Alan Smith to editor and Logan as assistant editor with the brief of overhauling the content and design of the publication.
Together they assembled a new editorial team drawn from the ranks of the underground and independently published press including Charles Shaar Murray from Oz and Nick Kent and Pennie Smith from Frendz.
Logan assumed the editorship from Smith in 1973 at the age of 26, becoming the youngest national newspaper editor in the UK. Their recruitment of the cream of young British writing talent, including Julie Burchill and Tony Parsons, resulted in the title becoming the pre-eminent music weekly of the period with sales topping 180,000 copies a week.
Smash Hits
In 1978 Logan left the NME and determined to never again work in a corporate environment. They pitched several magazine ideas to the printing company East Midlands Allied Press, which was developing its magazine division Emap.
Among these was the proposal for a colourful teenage pop monthly which was test-marketed in the north-east of England in the autumn of 1978 as Smash Hits. "My interest was in featuring excellent photography with song lyrics as ballast and bringing good acts like The Jam to a young audience," Logan said later.
Encouraged by the test-marketing exercise Emap put the first issue into national circulation; over the next couple of months sales increased to above 100,000 and the publisher reached agreement with Logan to switch to fortnightly publication.
Smash Hits' circulation rapidly rose to 166,000 copies, just 35,000 fewer than the NME and 10,000 more than Melody Maker, but by the autumn of 1979 Logan was ready to move on. Journalist Ian Cranna became editor and Logan, in their role as editorial director, proposed a new magazine - "a well-produced, well-designed and well-written monthly with music at its core but with expanding coverage of the subjects that informed it, from fashion and film to nightclubbing and social issues".
When Emap's directors passed on the proposal Logan and their wife decided to go it alone and invest £3,500 savings into the new title, which they named The Face.
The Face
Initially working out of the Smash Hits offices in Carnaby Street, central London, and using the off-the-shelf corporate entity Wagadon, which they had formed for their business relationship with Emap, Logan published the first issue of The Face on 1 May 1980.
Featuring a logo designed by Steve Bush, with whom Logan had worked on Smash Hits, and a portrait by photographer Chalkie Davies of Jerry Dammers of The Specials on the front cover, this issue sold 56,000 copies. Sales levelled over the next six months, but a fillip was provided by alliance with what would become London's New Romantic scene via articles written by young journalist Robert Elms with photographs by Derek Ridgers, Virginia Turbett and others.
The publication of lookalike rivals such as New Sounds, New Styles and Blitz and the launch of i-D magazine confirmed Logan had established a new publishing sector.
They moved into the first of a series of offices of their own in central London. Subsequently, Logan recruited young designer Neville Brody as art director in 1981, placing the magazine ahead of the pack visually. Brody drew on such early 20th century art and design movements as Constructivism to create a stark new visual language which would define certain visual aspects of 1980s Britain.
The style pages of The Face meanwhile set the pace for the wider fashion world, particularly those produced by the Buffalo collective, led by stylist Ray Petri and including photographer Jamie Morgan.
In the 1980s Logan's innovations at The Face included the November 1983 "New Life In Europe" issue, a co-production with nine continental European magazines including France's Actuel, and the 100th edition of September 1988 which incorporated a tri-fold on the front which featured the covers of every magazine published thus far.
In 1990, shortly before being awarded the inaugural Marcus Morris Award for magazine innovation, Logan was diagnosed with cancer of the jaw and forced to take a nine-month sabbatical from work. On recovery they became editorial director at Wagadon, with Sheryl Garratt as editor of The Face and Dylan Jones editing Arena.
In this period art director Phil Bicker, who had succeeded Neville Brody and Robin Derrick, actively pursued working relationships with young experimental photographers, including Corinne Day, Stephane Sednaoui, Nigel Shafran and David Sims, as well as stylists such as Melanie Ward.
Bicker's decision to make the unknown 16-year-old Kate Moss "the face of The Face" gave the supermodel their first exposure, particularly on the front of the July 1990 issue entitled "The 3rd Summer Of Love".
In May 1992, a High Court jury found in favour of a libel claim by Jason Donovan that The Face had imputed they were gay when they were not and awarded the pop performer £200,000 in damages and costs. The singer later reduced the amount to £95,000 to be paid over several months and a fund was set up for readers and supporters.
Under Sheryl Garratt's direction with assistance from their successor Richard Benson and other writers including Lindsay Baker, Ashley Heath, Gavin Hills and Amy Raphael, The Face reflected the developments in club culture, fashion and what became known as Britart as well as musical genres such as jungle and Britpop.
By this time the magazine's art direction and design team of Stuart Spalding and Lee Swillingham were showcasing such emerging photographic talents as Inez and Vinoodh and Norbert Schoerner.
The biggest selling issue of The Face was published in October 1995. With Robbie Williams on the cover, it sold 128,000 copies.
After Logan launched new titles Frank and Deluxe, Richard Benson became editorial director of Wagadon in 1998. Their successor as editor of The Face was Adam Higginbotham who in turn was succeeded by Johnny Davis in spring 1999.
In July 1999 amid plummeting circulation figures and aggressive competition from such titles as Loaded and Dazed & Confused, Logan sold Wagadon to Emap, which absorbed The Face, Arena and Arena Homme + into its lifestyle division
The Face at Emap
While Benson did not join Emap, Johnny Davis and Ashley Heath were among the team who made the transfer. In 2002 Davis was succeeded as editor by Neil Stevenson, co-founder of the Popbitch gossip website. By the spring of 2004 monthly sales had slipped to 40,000 copies and Emap consumer division head Paul Keenan announced the magazine's closure. The final issue was published in May 2004.
Arena
In autumn 1986 Logan published the first issue of pioneering men's magazine Arena; they were editor, with Dylan Jones, who had previously been at i-D, as assistant editor, Neville Brody as art director and Steve Taylor as contributing editor.
Arena was initially a biannual before becoming a quarterly. Later it was published 10 times a year. Dylan Jones succeeded Logan as editor in 1990 and Robin Derrick became art editor. Kathryn Flett assumed the role of editor of Arena from 1992 to 1995 and was succeeded by Peter Howarth. Ekow Eshun moved across from The Face to take Howarth's place in February 1997 until the sale of Wagadon in July 1999. The last issue of Arena was published in 2009.
Frank
Pitched as "an intelligent women's magazine", Logan published the first issue of Frank in September 1997 having appointed Tina Gaudoin as editor with Lisa Markwell as deputy editor and Harriet Quick as features editor. The first issue sold 120,000 copies and Gaudoin told the trade press that the publication would "fill the niche for the disenfranchised 25-year-old reader".
Frank failed to gain a toehold in the highly competitive market and after staff departures and office in-fighting Logan shuttered the magazine in the spring of 1999.
Latterly, the magazine has been seen to have pioneered more thoughtful and unpatronising journalism for women. Writer Lou Stoppard has declared Frank "really ahead of its time".
Deluxe
Deluxe was conceived as a more sophisticated magazine for young men who were then being targeted with such "New Lad" titles as FHM, Loaded and Maxim, based on a proposal by Andrew Harrison, a contributor to The Face who Logan appointed editor.
"Deluxe is here because a group of people got tired of being told that the same clapped-out subjects were the be-all and end-all of men's interests," announced Harrison prior to the publication of the first issue in May 1998.
Deluxe failed to achieve circulation close to the 150,000 targets that had been set for it. A redesign after four issues failed to turn around its fortunes and Logan decided to close the title in December 1998 with advertising manager Rod Sopp citing lacklustre sales
Later life
After selling Wagadon, Nick Logan retired from publishing.
In 2012 they contributed the catalogue introduction to the exhibition Lloyd Johnson: The Modern Outfitter.
Between 2012 and 2017 Logan worked with author Paul Gorman on their book The Story Of The Face: The Magazine That Changed Culture.
In November 2017 Logan took part in the in-conversation event The Story Of The Face at Central Saint Martin's, London.
Logan divides their time between London and Portugal.
Legacy of The Face
In 2011 DJ Giles Field donated their complete run of The Face issues to the permanent collection of London's Design Museum.
In November 2017, Thames & Hudson published Paul Gorman's The Story Of The Face: The Magazine That Changed Culture, with a foreword by Dylan Jones and contributions from Nick Logan.
References
Further reading
The Story Of The Face: The Magazine That Changed Culture by Paul Gorman, foreword by Dylan Jones, Thames & Hudson, 2017
External links
Brief history of the NME at BBC.co.uk
1947 births
English magazine editors
English male journalists
Living people
NME writers
People from Lincoln, England
2008 Iwate earthquake may refer to:
2008 Iwate–Miyagi Nairiku earthquake on 14 June 2008, Mw 6.9
July 2008 Iwate earthquake on 24 July 2008, Mw 6.8
Thanh Thảo may refer to:
Thanh Thảo (singer) (born 1977), Vietnamese singer and actor
Thanh Thảo (poet) (born 1946), Vietnamese poet and journalist
Nedroma District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Sergei Sergeyevich Obivalin (; born 20 March 1995) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Rotor Volgograd.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara on 2 November 2014 in a game against FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1995 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Sportakademklub Moscow players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Lada-Tolyatti players
FK Atlantas players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo players
FC Tom Tomsk players
FC Rotor Volgograd players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Re a Company (No 001418 of 1988) [1990] BCC 526 is a UK insolvency law case, on the offence of fraudulent trading under s.213 of the Insolvency Act 1986.
Facts
The company had exceeded its overdraft limit and fallen behind in payments for PAYE, National Insurance contributions, VAT and debts to creditors (totalling around £212,618). Nevertheless Mr Barford, the company's director and majority shareholder, paid themselves an increasingly high salary in the very years that debts were mounting to creditors.
Judgment
Judge Bromley Q.C. held that Mr Barford was guilty of fraudulent trading. They ordered £156,420 be contributed for the debts and liabilities, containing a compensatory element for the debts that were part of the fraudulent trading and a punitive element of £25,000 (following R v. Grantham [1984] QB 675). They held there was "real moral blame" in continuing the company's trading when there was no reason to think that the company could pay its debts as they fell due.
See also
R v. Grantham [1984] QB 675
Re Augustus Barnett & Son Ltd [1986] BCLC 170
Re Sarflax Ltd [1979] Ch 592
Notes
United Kingdom insolvency case law
1990 in case law
1990 in British law
The following is an incomplete list of some arbitrary-precision arithmetic libraries for C++.
GMP
MPFR
MPIR
TTMath
Arbitrary Precision Math C++ Package
Class Library for Numbers
Number Theory Library
Apfloat
C++ Big Integer Library
MAPM
ARPREC
InfInt
Universal Numbers
mp++
Footnotes
References
C++ libraries
Numerical software
Brides Glen () is a stop on the Luas light-rail tram system in Dún Laoghaire - Rathdown, south of Dublin, Ireland. It opened in 2010 as the terminus of an extension of the Green Line south from Sandyford.
Location and access
Brides Glen stop is located at the end of a concrete viaduct over an empty plot of land. The sole entrance is to the road which runs past the southern end of the stop. Ramps provide access from the entrance to each of the side platforms. The short space between the platforms and the road contains buffers, a flower bed, electrical substations, and toilet for Luas drivers. There is a double crossover on the tracks immediately to the north of the stop.
Transport services
The stop provides access to the Cherrywood development, Loughlinstown, and St. Columcille's Hospital. It is also served by Dublin Bus routes 7 and 84 and by Go-Ahead Ireland route 111 to Dalkey via Dún Laoghaire.
References
Luas Green Line stops in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Railway stations opened in 2010
2010 establishments in Ireland
A double penetration dildo or double dildo is a type of sex toy used for double penetration, the simultaneous entry of two bodily orifices at the same time, belonging to either one or two people. It is a dildo designed in the form of two penetrative stimulators (either penis-shaped or non-phallic) that are either separate or fixed on a single shaft. Some double penetration dildos include a vibrating motor that allows them to be used as double penetration vibrators.
Use
The following three sexual configurations can be performed using double penetration dildos:
Vagina-to-vagina. Some women use double-ended dildos as part of their sex play with a second woman. The double-ended nature of the dildo allows penetration in two vaginas simultaneously.
Vagina-to-anus. The majority of double-penetration dildos are designed for simultaneous stimulation of anal and vaginal erogenous zones, but in the case of elongated "double-headed" devices it is possible for two partners to use the same device simultaneously. This can also be used for pegging, when a woman penetrates the anus of a man.
Anus-to-anus. Most double-ended dildos can be used for anal penetration of both partners.
Simulated oral sex can also be performed on the dildo.
Classification
Double-ended dildo also known as a DED, or double-sided dildo. These are associated with lesbian sexual practices, but double-ended dildos are also used by heterosexual women for simultaneous anal and vaginal penetration. This dildo is usually made out of the soft flexible material (such as plastic or some form of rubber) that allows the shape of the shaft to change as the user wishes: to bend in a C-shape or to remain straight. Historically they were often made of wood: Haberlandt (1899), for example, illustrates a straight double-ended dildo of this kind from late 19th century Zanzibar.
Anal and vaginal stimulators on the single shaft. These types of dildo or vibrator are intended for stimulating the user anally and vaginally. One shaft of the smaller length and width is attached to the other and they are both inserted, stimulating the anal and vaginal erogenous zones of a woman. If this is a vibrating sex toy there can be two motors, one in each shaft, controlled together or separately.
Kits made up of two separate vibrators or dildos. This is a kit of vibrators or dildos that are not directly connected with each other or are connected by a wire attached to a single controller. They can be used simultaneously or independently to stimulate the erogenous zones of both partners, or they can be used without a partner.
Double-ended/sided hands- and strap-free dildos. A strapless variant on the strap-on dildo, this type is held by an egg shaped bulb inserted into the vagina or anus of the wearer.
Materials
Jelly rubber ("jelly"). This is the most popular sex toy material and it is convenient for designing any shape and texture of shaft. It features a variety of colors, though the material tends to suffer discoloration and physical deterioration over time. It contains chemicals called phthalates, which are thought to be harmful to gynecological and reproductive health. Unlike silicone (below) this material is porous, meaning that it can harbor bacteria.
Silicone. Dildos and vibrators made of this material are durable and are non-porous, so they are easy to clean and maintain.
Rubber. Many realistic dildos are made of rubber—a material that is both pliable and flexible enough for effective penetration. Like jelly, rubber is also porous.
Glass. Glass double-ended dildos are usually created with special designs. Glass is a smooth and firm material that delivers a cool feeling when used. It can also be used chilled and warmed for different feeling. Usually glass dildos are made of borosilicate glass, of which Pyrex, Schott-Duranglas and Simax are the most suitable.
Plastic. This non-porous and phthalate-free material is often used for creating double-ended dildos.
See also
Anal vibrator
Clitoral pump
G-spot vibrator
Love egg
Rabbit vibrator
Strap-on dildo
References
Notes
Haberlandt, M. (1899). "Conträre Sexual-Erscheinungen bei der Neger-Bevölkerung Zanzibars", Zeitschrift für Ethnologie, 31: 668–670.
Masturbation
Sex toys
Loricaria lentiginosa is a species of catfish of the family Loricariidae. It is endemic to the basin of the Paraná River. The species was described by Dutch Ichthyologist Isaäc J. H. Isbrücker in 1979.
References
External links
Fish described in 1979
Loricariini
Taxa named by Isaäc J. H. Isbrücker
Bathystethus is a genus of sea chubs native to the Pacific Ocean.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Bathystethus cultratus (Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801) (Grey knifefish)
Bathystethus orientale Regan, 1913 (Silver knifefish)
References
Scorpidinae
Raffaele Ametrano (born 15 February 1973 in Castellammare di Stabia, Province of Naples) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder. They represented Italy at the 1996 Summer Olympics. In 2010, they obtained a UEFA A coaching license, making them eligible to coach Lega Pro teams. They then became the assistant coach of F.B. Brindisi 1912.
Honours
Italy U21
1996 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship winner.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
People from Castellammare di Stabia
Italian footballers
Italian football managers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Italy under-21 international footballers
Footballers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Italy
Udinese Calcio players
Juventus F.C. players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Empoli F.C. players
Genoa C.F.C. players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Cagliari Calcio players
F.C. Crotone players
A.C.R. Messina players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
Association football midfielders
S.S. Ischia Isolaverde players
Footballers from Campania
Sportspeople from the Province of Naples
Michael D. Watkins is a Canadian-born author of books on leadership and negotiation.  They are the Professor of Leadership and Organizational Change at the International Institute for Management Development in Switzerland.
Education and career
Watkins studied electrical engineering at the University of Waterloo and business and law at the University of Western Ontario. They have a PhD in decision science from Harvard University.
Watkins became an associate professor at Harvard Business School before moving to the International Institute for Management Development.
Bibliography
Breakthrough International Negotiation: How Great Negotiators Transformed the World's Toughest Post-Cold War Conflicts (with Susan Rosegrant, Jossey-Bass, 2001)
Breakthrough Business Negotiation: A Toolbox for Managers (Wiley, 2002)
Winning the Influence Game: What Every Business Leader Should Know about Government (with Mickey Edwards and Usha Thakrar, Wiley, 2002)
The First 90 Days: Proven Strategies for Getting Up to Speed Faster and Smarter (Harvard Business School Press, 2003; 2nd ed., Harvard Business Review Press, 2013)
Right from the Start: Taking Charge in a New Leadership Role (with Dan Ciampa, Harvard Business School Press, 2005)
Case Studies in U.S. Trade Negotiation (with Charan Devereaux and Robert Z. Lawrence, Institute for International Economics, 2006)
The First 90 Days in Government: Critical Success Strategies for New Public Managers at All Levels (with Peter H. Daly and Cate Reavis, Harvard Business School Press, 2006)
Shaping the Game: The New Leader's Guide to Effective Negotiating (Harvard Business School Press, 2006)
Predictable Surprises: The Disasters You Should Have Seen Coming, and how to Prevent Them (with Max H. Bazerman, Harvard Business School Press, 2008)
Your Next Move: The Leader's Guide to Navigating Major Career Transitions (Harvard Business Press, 2009)
Master Your Next Move: Proven Strategies for Navigating the First 90 Days (Harvard Business Press, 2019)
References
Living people
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Leadership scholars
Negotiation scholars
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
Canadian expatriates in France
Harvard Business School faculty
Canadian expatriates in the United States
University of Waterloo alumni
University of Western Ontario alumni
Harvard University alumni
Leo Chamodrakon or Chamaidrakon () was a senior Byzantine palace official, holding the post of protovestiarios during the reign of Theophilos (r. 829–843).  They are mentioned early in Theophilos' reign as participating in the proceedings against the murderers of Leo V the Armenian (r. 813–820), and again later, when they defended Manuel the Armenian from accusations of treason.
Sources
8th-century births
9th-century deaths
9th-century Byzantine people
Protovestiarioi
Daniel Asbury Mixon (born August 19, 1949) is an American jazz pianist.
Mixon was born in Harlem, New York City. They gained some attention in the 1970s and continues to record and play in New York and abroad. They started off as a tap dancer, attending the Ruth Williams Dance Studio. Later, they attended the High School of Performing Arts with Dance as their major but soon switched to playing the piano after being inspired by visits with their grandfather to see jazz artists playing at the Apollo Theater.
In 1966, at the age of 17, Mixon was invited to play with the trumpet player Sam Brown's band backing Patti Labelle & the Blue Bells in Atlantic City at Reggie's Cocktail Lounge. After working with Joe Lee Wilson from 1967 to 1970, Mixon started to play regularly with Betty Carter during the years 1971–72.
They formed their own jazz trio, recorded with the Piano Choir and worked with a variety of important jazz musicians including Kenny Dorham, Cecil Payne, Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers, Frank Foster, Grant Green, Pharoah Sanders (1975), Joe Williams (jazz singer), Eddie Jefferson and Dee Dee Bridgewater.
1976 saw Mixon playing in Charles Mingus' band. They then played with Dannie Richmond in the late 1970s, toured the U.S. with Yusef Lateef and played a few years with the Lionel Hampton Big Band.
Since their twenties Mixon has worked continuously with Frank Foster as a pianist for the Big Band; Frank Foster's Loud Minority, and their quartet - the Non-Electric Company.
Mixon plays piano on many recordings. They appear with Hank Crawford on the compact discs Tight and After Dark and has also recorded with The Danny Mixon Trio. Their most recent CD is entitled On My Way.
In 2004 Danny Mixon was presented with an award honoring them as a legendary pianist, by the National Jazz Museum in Harlem from their series “Harlem Speaks” honoring Harlem Heroes. In September 2007 Danny was Honoree at the 18th Annual Legends Purple Carpet Awards, honoring contributors of the promotional arts and entertainment industry at Brooklyn's Toro's.
Danny Mixon was also the musical director of the Lenox Lounge in Harlem, where they also regularly played with the Danny Mixon Trio, until it closed in 2012.
Danny Mixon performed with Antoinette Montague at Marcus Garvey Park's Charlie Parker Jazz Festival 2016 in New York City, and several others venues in 2016 New York City.
Selected discography
As leader
Mixin' With Mixon (Cinderella, 1983)
Building Bridges (2004)
On My Way (2003)
Pass It On (2015)
With The Piano Choir
Handscapes (Strata-East, 1974)
As sideman
With Betty Carter
Betty Carter (Bet-Car Productions, 1976)
With Hank Crawford
Tight (Milestone, 1996)
After Dark (Milestone, 1998)
With Charles Mingus
Cumbia & Jazz Fusion (Atlantic, 1978)
With Dannie Richmond
Ode to Mingus (Soul Note, 1979)
With Pharoah Sanders
Live in Paris (1975) (Lost ORTF Recordings) (Transversales Disques, 2020)
With Joe Lee Wilson
Without A Song (Inner City Records, 1978)
References
Sources
1949 births
African-American pianists
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
American jazz bandleaders
Musicians from New York City
Living people
20th-century American pianists
Jazz musicians from New York (state)
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Bismuth antimonides, Bismuth-antimonys, or Bismuth-antimony alloys, (Bi1−xSbx) are binary alloys of bismuth and antimony in various ratios.
Some, in particular Bi0.9Sb0.1, were the first experimentally-observed three-dimensional topological insulators, materials that have conducting surface states but have an insulating interior.
Various BiSb alloys also superconduct at low temperatures, are semiconductors, and are used in thermoelectric devices.
Bismuth antimonide itself (see box to right) is sometimes described as Bi2Sb2.
Synthesis
Crystals of bismuth antimonides are synthesized by melting bismuth and antimony together under inert gas or vacuum. Zone melting is used to decrease the concentration of impurities. When synthesizing single crystals of bismuth antimonides, it is important that impurities are removed from the samples, as oxidation occurring at the impurities leads to polycrystalline growth.
Properties
Topological Insulator
Pure bismuth is a semimetal, containing a small band gap, which leads to it having a relatively high conductivity ( at 20 °C). When the bismuth is doped with antimony, the conduction band decreases in energy and the valence band increases in energy. At an antimony concentration of 4%, the two bands intersect, forming a Dirac point (which is defined as a point where the conduction and valence bands intersect). Further increases in the concentration of antimony result in a band inversion, in which the energy of the valence band becomes greater than that of the conduction band at specific momenta. Between Sb concentrations of 7 and 22%, the bands no longer intersect, and the Bi1−xSbx becomes an inverted-band insulator. It is at these higher concentrations of Sb that the band gap in the surface states vanishes, and the material thus conducts at its surface.
Superconductor
The highest temperatures at which Bi0.4Sb0.6, as a thin film of thicknesses 150–1350 Å, superconducts (the critical temperature Tc) is approximately 2 K. Single crystal Bi0.935Sb0.065 can superconduct at slightly higher temperatures, and at 4.2 K, its critical magnetic field Bc (the maximum magnetic field that the superconductor can expel) of 1.6 T at 4.2 K.
Semiconductor
Electron mobility is one important parameter describing semiconductors because it describes the rate at which electrons can travel through the semiconductor. At 40 K, electron mobility ranged from at an antimony concentration of 0 to at an antimony concentration of 7.2%. This is much greater than the electron mobility of other common semiconductors like silicon, which is 1400 cm2/V·s at room temperature.
Another important parameter of Bi1−xSbx is the effective electron mass (EEM), a measure of the ratio of the acceleration of an electron to the force applied to an electron. The effective electron mass is for x = 0.11 and at x = 0.06. This is much less than the electron effective mass in many common semiconductors (1.09 in Si at 300 K, 0.55 in Ge, and 0.067 in GaAs). A low EEM is good for Thermophotovoltaic applications.
Thermoelectric
Bismuth antimonides are used as the n-type legs in many thermoelectric devices below room temperature. The thermoelectric efficiency, given by its figure of merit zT = , where S is the Seebeck coefficient, λ is the thermal conductivity, and σ is the electrical conductivity, describes the ratio of the energy provided by the thermoelectric to the heat absorbed by the device. At 80 K, the figure of merit (zT) for Bi1−xSbx peaks at when x = 0.15. Also, the Seebeck coefficient (the ratio of the potential difference between ends of a material to the temperature difference between the sides) at 80 K of Bi0.9Sb0.1 is −140 μV/K, much lower than the Seebeck coefficient of pure bismuth, −50 μV/K.
References
Antimonides
Binary compounds
Bismuth compounds
Semiconductor materials
Willem Bloys van Treslong (1529 – 17 July 1594) was a nobleman from the Southern Netherlands and military leader during the Dutch war of Independence. They were best known as one of the leaders of the Sea Beggars who captured Den Briel on 1 April 1572.
Biography
The family Bloys van Treslong had lands in Flanders, Hainaut and Holland; they are descended from John of Beaumont. Theirs was the bailiff of Voorne.
Bloys van Treslong left Spanish service in 1558, and in 1567, joined other high nobles of the Netherlands in refusing to pledge allegiance to Margaret of Parma, the governor of the Netherlands, and was part of the Compromise of Nobles. They fought in the battle of Heiligerlee in 1568. In 1571, William the Silent provided them with letters of marque and equipped two ships to join the Sea Beggars. In March 1572, Bloys van Treslong's ships were trapped by ice at Wieringen and are attacked by four Spanish companies of infantry. Bloys escaped from the Spaniards but lost their sword which at present hangs in the Michaëlskerk church in Oosterland. In April 1572, the Sea Beggars under the command of William van der Marck, Lord of Lumey and their captain Lenaert Jansz de Graeff and Bloys van Treslong captured Briel, which became a rebel base. Later, in 1572, the rebels captured Flushing.
Bloys van Treslong was appointed Admiral of Holland in 1573, followed by the appointment as Admiral of Zealand in 1576. After a dispute over the strategy for the relief of Antwerp in 1585, they went out of favour and ended up in jail, believed to have been under the custody of Count Steijn. In their last years they became bailiff of Voorne and grand-falconer of Holland and lived in relative peace.
Bloys van Treslong was married to Adriana van Egmond and Wilhelmina Kaarl. By Adriana van Egmond, they had a son, Jasper.
The Dutch warship was named after him.
References
16th-century pirates
1529 births
1594 deaths
Dutch people of the Eighty Years' War (United Provinces)
Dutch pirates
Flemish nobility
People from Brielle
J. Z. George High School is a public middle and high school in North Carrollton, Mississippi. It is a part of the Carroll County School District. It is named after James Z. George.
History
Circa 1996 the number of students at George High was becoming higher. In 1999 Shirley Lester was the principal. That year there were 307 students, with a portion of them from Black Hawk. In 1999 Vaiden High School in Vaiden consolidated into J. Z. George. The new mascot of the combined school is the Jaguar. The projected consolidated enrollment was 447. In January 1999, to prepare for consolidation, the district began adding seven classrooms, five science laboratories, and other expansion, as well as renovation, totaling $3.5 million. The district used teacher evaluations to determine which teachers got jobs at the consolidated Vaiden High, with seniority used as a tiebreaker. Teachers who were not placed at the new J. Z. George worked at other schools or retired.
In 1999 Shirley Lester was the principal of J.Z. George.
In 2019 the State of Mississippi gave the school a "D" ranking because the district computed the scores as if it were one school instead of giving the scores separately for middle and high school divisions. Therefore the high school alone would have been a "C" but was given a "D" ranking inherited from the sum score. The district itself, rather than the state, made the error, so the district was not able to appeal the "D" score. Also the graduation score was incorrect because students who left J. Z. George to be in the New Resource Learning Center (NRLC) and then returned to J. Z. George upon completing NRLC were not counted as being graduates of J. Z. George.
Curriculum
As of 1999 the school was to offer both Spanish and French.
In 1988 the school added a business mathematics course.
The school has a parenting simulation program called "Baby Think it Over" to illustrate to students the demands of parenting.
Athletics
Prior to 1999 it was in league 1A, but due to the consolidation it was to move up to 2A.
Since 2006 the county granted permission for J. Z. George's baseball team to play on county land in North Carrollton. Prior to that point the team did not have a regular ball field.
See also
Carroll Academy – Private school in Carrollton, Mississippi
References
External links
J.Z. George High School
Public high schools in Mississippi
Public middle schools in Mississippi
Education in Carroll County, Mississippi
Kiel Glacier () is a broad, heavily crevassed glacier descending southwest from Edward VII Peninsula, Antarctica, just east of the Rockefeller Mountains. The glacier was partially delineated from aerial photographs obtained by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition (1928–30) and subsequently was observed from the air by several U.S. expeditions to the area. It is named for driver Max R. Kiel, U.S. Navy, of the Mobile Construction Battalion, who lost their lives on March 5, 1956, when their tractor fell into a crevasse about westward of this glacier while attempting to establish a trail to Byrd Station.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of King Edward VII Land
Giuliano e i Notturni were an Italian pop group, active in the late 1960s.
The group was specialized in the bubblegum pop genre. They got their major hit with "Il ballo di Simone", a cover of the 1910 Fruitgum Company's song "Simon Says", which peaked at the third place on the Italian hit parade and became an instant classic.
Discography
Album
1968 - Giuliano e i Notturni (Ri-Fi, RFL-ST 14032)
Singles
1968 - "Il ballo di Simone" (Ri-Fi, RFN-NP 16257)
1968 - "La giostra della felicità" (Ri-Fi, RFN-NP 16323)
1969 - "Ragazzina ragazzina" (Ri-Fi, RFN-NP 16351)
1969 - "E sono solo" (Ri-Fi, STP-NP 92002/3)
References
External links
Italian pop music groups
Marionia bathycarolinensis is a species of sea slug, a dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
Distribution
This species was described from two specimens collected in deep water (191–223 m) by a submarine at Mutremdiu 3, Palau, Caroline Islands, .
Ecology
Analysis of the stomach contents suggests that this species feeds on a species of the octocoral Paracis Kükenthal, 1919, Family Plexauridae Gray, 1859.
References
Tritoniidae
Gastropods described in 2018
Robert Cole (by 1478–1536/1550), was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Gloucester in 1512.
References
15th-century births
16th-century deaths
English MPs 1512–1514
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Gloucester
The Galápagos damsel (Azurina eupalama), also known as the blackspot chromis, is a possibly extinct fish species from the family Pomacentridae. It is endemic to the waters near the Galápagos Islands and Cocos Island.
Description
The Galápagos damsel reaches a length of 15 centimeters. It is olive-gray with a blue tinge, and silvery along the sides. There is a black spot at the base of each pectoral fin. It has a prominent lateral line.
Biology and occurrence
The Galápagos damsel has been recorded from following regions in Galápagos: Floreana, Gardiner Bay, Española, Tagus Cove, Isabela, Marchena, James Bay and Sullivan Bay, Santiago, Wreck Bay, San Cristóbal, Academy Bay, Santa Cruz and Santa Fe. One specimen, found many years ago, which is in the fish collection at the American Museum of Natural History, was collected near Cocos Island. The Galápagos damsel is a plankton feeder. It has been suggested that global climate change may have influenced the upwelling ecosystem of the eastern tropical Pacific causing the extinction of this damselfish (Jack Stein Grove / Senior Author of FISHES OF THE GALAPAGOS)
Possible extinction
The El Niño–Southern Oscillation of 1982 and 1983 led to an increase in the water temperature near the Galápagos Islands. Plankton production was reduced for at least one year, leading to drops in the populations of many planktivorous fish, such as the Galápagos damsel. Despite intensive searches during the next decade, it was not seen again. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the fish as a critically endangered species, and one which is possibly extinct. It notes, however, that "populations of A. eupalama may still exist on islands off Peru that have warm temperate conditions, such as the Lobos Islands.
References
Further reading
Grove, J. S. and R. J. Lavenberg. The Fishes of the Galápagos Islands. Stanford University Press. 1997.
Snodgrass, R. E. and E. Heller. Papers from the Hopkins Stanford Galapagos Expedition, 1898-1899. XV. New fishes. 1903.
Galapagos damsel
Fish described in 1903
Taxa named by Edmund Heller
Taxa named by Robert Evans Snodgrass
Ana Horra ( - I Am Free) is a studio album by the Lebanese singer Carole Samaha released in 2004.
The album includes the song "Habbet Delwa't" from the soundtrack of the movie Dreams of Our Lives (أحلام عمرنا).
Music videos
Music videos for three songs from this album have been released:
"Ghali alayi", directed by Caroline Labaki
"Nezlet essitarah", directed by Salim el Turk
"Habbet Delwa't", directed by Osman Abou Laban
Track listing
The CD also includes the official video clip for the song "Ghali alayi".
References
Carole Samaha albums
2004 albums
"She Doesn't Love You" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Eric Paslay. It was released on October 13, 2014 as the fourth and final single from Paslay's self-titled debut album. Paslay wrote the song with Runaway June's Jennifer Wayne. It was originally written for George Strait.
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song a favorable review, calling it "a well-told story about a woman whose heart has been shattered one time too many" and writing that "Paslay exposes one's most buried vulnerabilities." Markos Papadatos of Digital Journal wrote that "one can feel the raw emotions that Paslay sings about."
Music video
The music video was directed by Wes Edwards and premiered in March 2015.
Chart performance
"She Doesn't Love You" debuted at number 52 on the U.S. Billboard Country Airplay chart for the week of November 1, 2014. It also debuted at number 50 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of November 22, 2014. The song has sold 389,000 copies in the US as of June 2015.
Year-end charts
References
2014 songs
2014 singles
Eric Paslay songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Eric Paslay
Song recordings produced by Marshall Altman
Music videos directed by Wes Edwards
Roger Westling (born 17 December 1961) is a Swedish biathlete. They competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Swedish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Sweden
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Dalarna
Boginja Vas (; ) is a small settlement south of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia. The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
Boginja Vas was attested in written sources as Wogindarff in 1438 and Wochenstorf in 1490.
References
External links
Boginja Vas on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
U-boat is a 1994 computer game developed by American studio Deadly Games for the Macintosh.
Gameplay
U-boat is a game where the player is on the German side during the dawn of World War II. The player's submarine patrols the North Sea and only returns to port to refuel. The player gets missions involving attacks on Allied ships. Commands are given in a small window on the lower half of the control panel screen. On the map view, courses are plotted, enemy ships are located, and the submarine is controlled.
Reception
Markus Dahlberg reviewed U-boat for Swedish magazine Datormagazin in 1994. Dahlberg enjoyed the atmosphere of the game, although they found parts of the game boring just like really being in a submarine. They found the graphics acceptable but was annoyed by changing windows to get new commands. They felt that players who have a lot of time and are interested in following orders and giving some tactical thinking would find U-boat to be a good investment.
Reviews
Computer Gaming World - 1994
References
1994 video games
Classic macOS games
Classic Mac OS-only games
Computer wargames
Single-player video games
Submarine simulation video games
Video games about Nazi Germany
Video games developed in the United States
World War II video games
The 1999 S.League was the fourth season of the S.League, the top professional football league in Singapore. Teams played each other once both home and away, in a 22-match season.
The 1999 S.League was won by Home United, their first S.League title.
Teams
The league expanded again to 12 teams with the addition of a newly formed team, Clementi Khalsa who were based in Clementi and played their home games at the Clementi Stadium. Clementi Khalsa were formed in order to give an S.League representation to the Singaporean Sikh community.
Foreign players
Each club is allowed to have up to a maximum of 4 foreign players.
League table
As 1999 S.League champions, Home United qualified to compete in the 2000–01 Asian Club Championship. This was their first appearance in continental competition. The club reached the second round of the East Asian half of the competition, defeating Polícia de Segurança Pública of the Campeonato da 1ª Divisão do Futebol 11–0 on aggregate before being defeated 6–1 on aggregate in the second round by Shandong Luneng Taishan of the Chinese Jia-A League.
Top scorer
References
Singapore Premier League seasons
1
Sing
Sing
John Peter McGuire (born 14 July 1954) is a former Australian rules football player and cricketer.  They are of Aboriginal descent.
Biography
McGuire attended Guildford Grammar School between 1970 and 1972. They and their wife Karen share a son and a daughter.
Cricket
McGuire played most of their career for Mount Lawley District Cricket Club in Western Australian Grade Cricket and is second in the all-time runscoring list for the first grade competition, scoring 10,004 runs. They also hold several club records, including the most career runs (9204) and the most career catches (160).
In January 1988 they captained a team of Aboriginal players who played a Prime Minister's XI personally captained by Bob Hawke. The team later in the year toured England to mark the Australian Bicentenary.
Australian rules football
McGuire played 85 games for East Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League, including the 1978 premiership-winning team.
They then transferred to the Perth Football Club in 1980.
References
Living people
1954 births
East Perth Football Club players
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
People educated at Guildford Grammar School
Indigenous Australian cricketers
Cricketers from Western Australia
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Two human polls comprised the 1953 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 30, at the end of the 1953 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' Poll
The final UP Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on November 30.
Maryland received 20 of the 35 first-place votes; Notre Dame received thirteen, and one each went to Michigan State and UCLA.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
References
College football rankings
"Sunday, Monday or Always" is a 1943 popular song with music by Jimmy Van Heusen and lyrics by Johnny Burke.
The biggest hit version, recorded by Bing Crosby with the Ken Darby Singers on July 2, 1943, and appearing in their film Dixie, was made during a musician's strike, and recorded with a vocal group background instead of an orchestra. This recording was released by Decca Records as catalog number 18561. It first reached the Billboard magazine Best Seller chart on August 19, 1943, and lasted 18 weeks on the chart, peaking at #1.
The song was also recorded by Frank Sinatra about the same time, with a similar vocal background because of the strike. This version was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 36679. It first reached the Billboard magazine Best Seller chart on September 9, 1943, and lasted 4 weeks on the chart, peaking at #9. The Sinatra version is heard briefly in the 1945 film It's in the Bag!. A subsequent parody version by Sinatra, titled "Dick Haymes, Dick Todd and Como", was recorded October 23, 1944, for the V-Disc program.
The song is featured in a 1944 Amos 'n' Andy radio show, in which Andy Brown composes a similar song entitled "Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday" and accuses Van Heusen, Burke and Kay Kyser of stealing the song from him.
Other notable recordings
1944 Mildred Bailey for a V-Disc.
1961 Nat King Cole - recorded for the album The Touch of Your Lips.
1962 Michael Holliday - for their album To Bing - From Mike.
1964 Pat Boone included in their album Ain't That a Shame.
References
Songs with music by Jimmy Van Heusen
Songs with lyrics by Johnny Burke (lyricist)
Frank Sinatra songs
1943 songs
1943 singles
Mildred Bailey songs
Choma District is a district of Zambia, located in Southern Province. The capital lies at Choma. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 74,890 people. Choma is now the provincial capital of the Southern Province of Zambia and has since been split into two districts giving birth to Pemba district on the Northern border of the district.
References
Districts of Southern Province, Zambia
Jannie Boshoff (born 13 January 1986) is a South African rugby union footballer. Their regular playing position is either as a winger or a centre. Although contracted to the Lions, they joined Griquas on loan for the 2012 Vodacom Cup and 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division campaigns.
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
1986 births
Living people
Afrikaner people
Alumni of Maritzburg College
Golden Lions players
Griquas (rugby union) players
Lions (United Rugby Championship) players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Newcastle, KwaZulu-Natal
Rugby union wings
South African rugby union players
Asociality refers to the lack of motivation to engage in social interaction, or a preference for solitary activities. Asociality may be associated with avolition, but it can, moreover, be a manifestation of limited opportunities for social relations. Developmental psychologists use the synonyms nonsocial, unsocial, and social uninterest. Asociality is distinct from but not mutually exclusive to anti-social behaviour, in which the latter implies an active misanthropy or antagonism toward other people or the general social order. A degree of asociality is routinely observed in introverts, while extreme asociality is observed in people with a variety of clinical conditions.
Asociality is not necessarily perceived as a totally negative trait by society, since asociality has been used as a way to express dissent from prevailing ideas. It is seen as a desirable trait in several mystical and monastic traditions, notably in Hinduism, Jainism, Roman Catholicism, Eastern Orthodox Christianity, Buddhism. and Sufism.
Introversion
Introversion is "the state of or tendency toward being wholly or predominantly concerned with and interested in one's own mental life." Some popular writers have characterized introverts as people whose energy tends to expand through reflection and dwindle during interaction.
In human evolution and anthropology
Scientific research suggests that asocial traits in human behaviour, personality and cognition may have several useful evolutionary benefits: Introverted, aloof traits can protect an individual from impulsive and dangerous social situations because of reduced impulsivity and reward. The benefits of frequent voluntary seclusion stimulates creativity and can give people time to think, work, reflect and see useful patterns more easily.
Research indicates the social and analytical functions of the brain function in a mutually exclusive way. With this in mind, researchers posit that people who devoted less time or interest to socialization used the analytical part of the brain more frequently and thereby were often responsible for devising hunting strategies, creating tools and spotting useful patterns in the environment in general for both their own safety and the safety of the group.
Imitation and social learning have been confirmed to be potentially limiting and maladaptive in animal and human populations: When social learning overrides personal experience (asocial learning) negative effects can be observed such as, among others, the inability to seek or pick the most efficient way to accomplish a task and a resulting inflexibility to changing environments. Individuals who are less receptible, motivated and interested in sociability are likely less affected by or sensible to socially imitated information and faster to notice and react to changes in the environment, to rigidly hold onto their own observations and consequently to not imitate a maladaptive behaviour through social learning. These behaviours, including deficits in imitative behaviour, have been observed in those with Autism Spectrum Disorders, introverts and are correlated with the personality traits of Neuroticism and Disagreeableness.
The benefits of this behaviour for the individual and their kin caused it to be preserved in part of the human population. The usefulness for acute senses, novel discoveries, and critical analytical thought may have culminated in the preservation of the suspected genetic factors of Autism and introversion itself due to their increased cognitive, sensorial and analytical awareness.
In psychopathology
Schizophrenia
In schizophrenia, asociality is one of the main 5 "negative symptoms", the others being avolition, anhedonia, reduced affect and alogia. Due to a lack of desire to form relationships, social withdrawal is common in people with schizophrenia. People with schizophrenia may experience social deficits or dysfunction as a result of the disorder, leading to asocial behavior. Frequent or ongoing delusions and hallucinations can deteriorate relationships and other social ties, isolating individuals with schizophrenia from reality and in some cases leading to homelessness. Even when treated with medication for the disorder, they may be unable to engage in social behaviors such as maintaining conversations, accurately perceiving emotions in others, or functioning in crowded settings. There has been extensive research on the effective use of social skills training for the treatment of schizophrenia, in outpatient clinics as well as inpatient units. Social skills training (SST) can be used to help patients with schizophrenia make better eye contact with other people, increase assertiveness, and improve their general conversational skills.
Personality disorders
Avoidant personality disorder
Asociality is common amongst people with avoidant personality disorder (AvPD). They experience discomfort and feel inhibited in social situations, being overwhelmed by feelings of inadequacy. Such people remain consistently fearful of social rejection, choosing to avoid social engagements as they do not want to give people the opportunity to reject (or possibly, accept) them. Though they inherently crave a sense of belonging, their fear of criticism and rejection leads people with AvPD to actively avoid occasions that require social interaction, leading to extremely asocial tendencies; as a result, these individuals often have difficulty cultivating and preserving close relationships.
People with AvPD may also display social phobia, the difference being that social phobia is the fear of social circumstances whereas AvPD is better described as an aversion to intimacy in relationships.
Schizoid personality disorder
Schizoid personality disorder (SPD) is characterized by a lack of interest in social relationships, a tendency towards a solitary lifestyle, secretiveness, emotional coldness, and apathy. Affected individuals may simultaneously demonstrate a rich and elaborate but exclusively internal fantasy world.
SPD is not the same as schizophrenia, although they share such similar characteristics as detachment and blunted affect. There is, moreover, increased prevalence of the disorder in families with schizophrenia.
Schizotypal personality disorder
Schizotypal personality disorder is characterized by a need for social isolation, anxiety in social situations, odd behavior and thinking, and often unconventional beliefs. People with this disorder feel extreme discomfort with maintaining close relationships with people, and therefore they often do not. People who have this disorder may display peculiar manners of talking and dressing and often have difficulty in forming relationships. In some cases, they may react oddly in conversations, not respond, or talk to themselves.
Autism spectrum disorder
Asociality has been observed in individuals who have been diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Those with ASD may display profoundly asocial tendencies, due to difficulties with socialization and interpersonal relationships. Other causes for asocial behavior include limited social expressiveness and low sensitivity to social cues, emotions, and pragmatic use of language. One suggestion is that individuals with autism lack the mirror neurons that allow neurotypical individuals to mimic the behavior of others.
Asocial tendencies become acutely noticeable in children with ASD from a young age due to deficits in crucial social development skills. These skills include social and emotional reciprocity, eye-to-eye gaze, gestures, normal facial expressions and body posture, and sharing enjoyment and interests with others.
Some children with ASD want to be social, but fail to socialize successfully, which can lead to later withdrawal and asocial behavior, particularly in adolescence.
Mood disorders
Depression
Asociality can be observed in individuals with major depressive disorder or dysthymia, as individuals lose interest in everyday activities and hobbies they used to enjoy, this may include social activities, resulting in social withdrawal and withdrawal tendencies.
Social skills training can be adapted to the treatment of depression with a focus on assertiveness training. Depressed patients often benefit from learning to set limits with others, to obtain satisfaction for their own needs, and to feel more self-confident in social interactions. Research suggests that patients who are depressed because they tend to withdraw from others can benefit from social skills training by learning to increase positive social interactions with others instead of withdrawing from social interactions.
Social anxiety disorder
Asocial behavior is observed in people with social anxiety disorder (SAD), who experience perpetual and irrational fears of humiliating themselves in social situations. They often have panic attacks and severe anxiety as a result, which can occasionally lead to agoraphobia. The disorder is common in children and young adults, diagnosed on average around 13 years of age. If left untreated, people with SAD exhibit asocial behavior into adulthood, avoiding social interactions and career choices that require interpersonal skills. Social skills training can help people with social phobia or shyness to improve their communication and social skills so that they will be able to mingle with others or go to job interviews with greater ease and self-confidence.
Traumatic brain injury
Traumatic brain injuries (TBI) can also lead to asociality and social withdrawal.
Management
Treatments
Social skills training
Social skills training (SST) is an effective technique aimed towards anyone with "difficulty relating to others," a common symptom of shyness, marital and family conflicts, or developmental disabilities; as well as of many mental and neurological disorders including adjustment disorders, anxiety disorders, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, social phobia, alcohol dependence, depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, avoidant personality disorder, paranoid personality disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and schizotypal personality disorder.
Fortunately for people who display difficulty relating to others, social skills can be learned, as they are not simply inherent to an individual's personality or disposition. Therefore, there is hope for anyone who wishes to improve their social skills, including those with psychosocial or neurological disorders. Nonetheless, it is important to note that asociality may still be considered neither a character flaw nor an inherently negative trait.
SST includes improving eye contact, speech duration, frequency of requests, and the use of gestures, as well as decreasing automatic compliance to the requests of others. SST has been shown to improve levels of assertiveness (positive and negative) in both men and women.
Additionally, SST can focus on receiving skills (e.g. accurately perceiving problem situations), processing skills (e.g. considering several response alternatives), and sending skills (delivering appropriate verbal and non-verbal responses).
Metacognitive interpersonal therapy
Metacognitive interpersonal therapy is a method of treating and improving the social skills of people with personality disorders that are associated with asociality. Through metacognitive interpersonal therapy, clinicians seek to improve their patients' metacognition, meaning the ability to recognize and read the mental states of themselves. The therapy differs from SST in that the patient is trained to identify their own thoughts and feelings as a means of recognizing similar emotions in others. Metacognitive interpersonal therapy has been shown to improve interpersonal and decision-making skills by encouraging awareness of suppressed inner states, which enables patients to better relate to other people in social environments.
The therapy is often used to treat patients with two or more co-occurring personality disorders, commonly including obsessive-compulsive and avoidant behaviors.
Coping mechanisms
In order to cope with asocial behavior, many individuals, especially those with avoidant personality disorder, develop an inner world of fantasy and imagination to entertain themselves when feeling rejected by peers. Asocial people may frequently imagine themselves in situations where they are accepted by others or have succeeded at an activity. Additionally, they may have fantasies relating to memories of early childhood and close family members.
See also
Anti-social behavior
Conformity
Dissent
Hermit
Hikikomori
Introspection
Introversion
Recluse
Seclusion
Social isolation
Solitude
References
Further reading
Interpersonal relationships
Springport High School is located on the western edge of Jackson County in Springport, Michigan.
Notable alumni
External links
Official web site
Public high schools in Michigan
Schools in Jackson County, Michigan
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Wakayama, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Nankai Electric Railway.As its name ("Front of Wakayama University Station"}) implies, it serves Wakayama University.Its station number is NK43.
Lines
Wakayamadaigakumae Station is served by the Nankai Main Line and is 58.0 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station has two side platforms with an elevated station building above the tracks and platforms.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The name of the new station was publicly announced in September 2010. The station opened on 1 April 2012. The station was opened on April 1, 2012.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 9659 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Wakayama University Sakaedani Campus
Fujitodai (New town)
Noritsu Head Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2012
Railway stations in Wakayama Prefecture
Wakayama (city)
James "Jim" Robert Burke (born November 29, 1961 in Sacramento, California) is an American author who resides in San Francisco, California. They teach English at Burlingame High School.
Writings
Burke has written over a dozen books on the art of teaching, including The Teacher's Daybook, Tools for Thought, Reading Reminders, and Illuminating Texts, all published by Heinemann, as well as The Reader's Handbook, published by Great Source.
Award
Burke is the recipient of National Council of Teachers of English's 2000 Exemplary English Leadership Award.
Affiliations
Burke was inducted into the California Reading Association's Hall of Fame, and they currently serve on the Adolescence and Young Adulthood/English Language Arts Standards Committee of the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards.
Sources
Burke, Jim. The English Teacher's Companion (2nd edition) Heinemann: Portsmouth, N.H. (2003)
1961 births
American education writers
American educators
Living people
People from Burlingame, California
Writers from Sacramento, California
Where I'm Coming From is the 13th album by Stevie Wonder. The album was released by Motown Records on April 9, 1971 and peaked on the Billboard Pop Albums at #62, and on the Billboard R&B Albums Chart at #7. All nine songs were written by Wonder and Motown singer-songwriter Syreeta Wright, their first wife. It was the last album produced under their first contract with Motown Records. Including live albums, this is Stevie Wonder's fifteenth album overall, and thirteenth studio album.
History
Motown's founder Berry Gordy had maintained tight control over their company's productions, but as the artists' careers progressed, they began to feel the need for the allowance of social consciousness and artistic freedom in their recordings. Stevie Wonder was one of the Motown artists, along with Marvin Gaye, who wanted to expand with new styles and musical techniques, some of which became more apparent in the earlier album For Once In My Life.
Although Wonder had begun producing their own recordings, Motown still retained control over the content of their albums. Tensions increased as Wonder approached their twenty-first birthday; their contract had a clause which allowed Wonder to void it upon becoming a legal adult. When the president of Motown approached Wonder about renegotiating their contract, Wonder refused and asked for their contract to be voided.
Anticipating this event, Wonder took advantage of the fact that Motown would be forced to accept whatever they gave to them, and was able to produce Where I'm Coming From without any outside interference from the company. In particular, the song "I Wanna Talk To You", which portrayed a racially-charged dialog between a black man and an old southern white man (Wonder portrayed both characters) is also a covert reference to their breakaway from Gordy and Motown (particularly apparent in the ad-libbed line "I'm gonna take my share...!")
Where I'm Coming From, which departed drastically from the Motown Sound employed in previous Stevie Wonder albums, yielded the U.S. number-eight hit single, "If You Really Love Me". The soft ballad "Never Dreamed You'd Leave In Summer" (a predecessor to the later recording "Superwoman (Where Were You When I Needed You?)") was also successful. Much of the rest of the album was social commentary and war-themed songs.
The album foreshadows Wonder's "classic period" albums with its production approach and range of material. Wonder further developed the use of the Hohner clavinet that was to be fully explored on the classic period albums. Like Wonder's earlier albums, several tracks on Where I'm Coming From use Motown studio musicians the Funk Brothers, and also make use of string orchestras. This is also the first Stevie Wonder album to feature Wonder playing synth bass on the majority of its tracks – the two exceptions being "Think Of Me As Your Soldier" and "Take Up A Course In Happiness," which feature electric bass.
Reception
Released at around the same time as Marvin Gaye's What's Going On album, with similar ambitions and themes, they have been compared; in a contemporary review by Vince Aletti in Rolling Stone, Gaye's album was seen as successful, while Wonder's album was seen as failing due to "self-indulgent and cluttered" production, "undistinguished" and "pretentious" lyrics, and an overall lack of unity and flow.
Track listing
All songs written by Stevie Wonder and Syreeta Wright.
Arranged by David Van DePitte, Jerry Long, Paul Riser and Stevie Wonder. One version of the original record label listed the final song as "Sunshine In Their Eyes/Everything Is Happenin'".
Side one
"Look Around" – 2:45
"Do Yourself a Favor" – 6:10
"Think of Me as Your Soldier" – 3:37
"Something Out of the Blue" – 2:59
"If You Really Love Me" – 3:00
Side two
"I Wanna Talk to You" – 5:18
"Take Up a Course in Happiness" – 3:11
"Never Dreamed You'd Leave in Summer" – 2:53
"Sunshine in Their Eyes" – 6:58
References
Swenson, John. Stevie Wonder. Harper & Row, 1986. .
1971 albums
Stevie Wonder albums
Tamla Records albums
Albums arranged by Paul Riser
Albums produced by Stevie Wonder
Albums recorded at Hitsville U.S.A.
Vitold Karlovich Tserasky also spelled Cerasky (Russian:Витольд Карлович Цераский; 9 May 1849 – 29 May 1925) was a Russian astronomer and inventor of astronomical tools and techniques. The asteroid 807 Ceraskia and the Lunar crater Tseraskiy are named after him.
Tserasky was born in Slutsk, Minsk where their father of Polish–Lithuanian descent was a geography teacher. A visit of Donati's comet in 1858 sparked an interest in Tserasky and they joined Moscow University in 1867 where they spent time at the astronomical observatory . They joined the astronomical observatory as an assistant and made a trip in 1874 to Kyakhta to make observations on the transit of Venus. They then took an interest in astronomical photography and in 1883 they received a master's degree for techniques in determining the brightness of white stars. They invented techniques which are now used in the Zöllner-Tserasky photometer. They began to teach in the Higher school for women from the 1870s and married the astronomer Lidiya Petrovna Shelekhova in 1884. Lidiya is known for discovering numerous variable stars. They became a professor of astronomy in 1889. In 1890 they became director of the Moscow observatory. They retired in 1916 in Fedosiya, Crimea but returned to live with their son in Moscow where they died.
References
1849 births
1925 deaths
Russian astronomers
Prasanna Venkatesa Perumal Temple is a Hindu temple located in the town of Thanjavur in Tamil Nadu, India. The presiding deity is Vishnu. The temple was constructed by the Thanjavur Maratha king Pratapsingh in the 18th century.
The temple is associated with the life of Carnatic composer Muthuswami Dikshitar who has written many songs here. Annual kutcheris are held during the Tamil month of Aadi in their memory.
References
Prasanna Venkatesa Perumal Temple
Thanjavur Palace Devasthanam: Prasanna Venkatesa Perumal Temple
Vishnu temples
Hindu temples in Thanjavur
APS Olympiacos Patras (Greek.: Α.Π.Σ. Ολυμπιακός Πατρών A.P.S Olympiakos Patron) is a sports club in Patras, playing association football and volleyball. The team plays with the EPS Achaias and the EPO number 1788.
Logo
The logo is the same as Olympiacos in Piraeus in suburban Athens.
Field
In 1926, refugees from Asia Minor bought several fields and built a stadium for Olympiacos where it still has the name Prosfygika Stadium and is the third oldest field in Greece after Karaiskaki and Leoforos Alexandras (Kypseli. The team was founded in 1927, nearly two years after the construction, with the game with Olympiacos Petralona which won 4–1.
History
From the first year of the founding they play with Panachaiki, Thyella, Patraikos and Apollon. Olympiacos founded from refugee players with members from Apollon Smyrna in which after the Greco-Turkish War in 1922 arrived and relocated to Patras and built the today's neighbourhood of Prosfygika. Together who brought love to association football. In 1925, the team was one of the oldest in Patras, with the color of red and white, the same as Olympiacos Piraeus.
In the beginning in July 1925, six players from Panachaiki and four from Legkos Asteras, all of them refugees as Mercury and the colour blue and white. The jersey colors changed later on. Their first game in history was with Lefko Astera, as Hermes which became the only to receive that name. As Olympiacos, their first game was with "Cavallo" who won 7–1. Their first game was Panachaiki-Olympiacos on November 9, 1925 who won 0-2 for the championship at the time. In 1933, the team played with Turkish, they played with the teams that once had a Greek population, Adapazarı, Bursa and Izmir. In 1960, the team entered the second division in the 1959-60 and again in the 1960–61 season.
Volleyball
Olympiacos also has a volleyball club dating back to 1927. In 2005, the team entered the A2 Division. Olympiacos also has a basketball team. In their first years, it also played water polo.
Standings (Football (soccer))
Achaia FCA
Achievements
Football (soccer)
Second division participants: 1962, 1967
Achaia Championships: 1926, 1927, 1940, 1950, 1960, 1967
Dodgeball?
Second Division Championships: 2005
References
Newspapers: Peloponnisos, I Imera, Proodos, I Gnomi, Patras Spor, Neologos, Patraiki Evdomadas, Fos, Allagi, Ta Gegonota and Ethnikos Kyrix
Lefkoma, 100 Years of Football (Soccer) in Patras - City of Patras 2006
Patras Press Museum
Achaia Peri Athlitikou parelthontas Kostas Kokkovikas 2004
Fostiras 35 hronia porias (Fostiras = 35 Years) Vasileios Kyriazis 2005
http://www.acxaoi3.com
Association football clubs established in 1926
Sport in Patras
Football clubs in Western Greece
1926 establishments in Greece
1965 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 59th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1965 in water polo
1965 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Phulai is a village in the southern part of Bihiya block in Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 955, in 135 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
is a Japanese singer, composer and poet.
Musical career
Yoshiko Sai started painting in high school and was initially more interested in a career in graphic arts. They later painted themselves the covers for most of their records. Sai turned to music after failing to enter the Kyoto arts university and spending the following year bed-ridden by a kidney disease. They spent their illness reading books which inspired them to write poetry and songs. They became a professional musician after meeting Rabi Nakayama after a concert, who was convinced to let them record their first album.
Yoshiko's first album was produced by Yuji Ohno who would later become famous for writing the soundtrack of Lupin the III. Soon after recording their second album, they wrote movie soundtracks.
Soon after their fourth album was out, Yoshiko Sai retired from the music industry. They kept low-profile until the 2000s when several re-publishing of their music and poems, as well as new material, emerged in Japan.
Discography
Studio albums
Mangekyou (sometimes credited as Mangekyo, 萬花鏡) (1975)
Mikkō (密航) (1976)
Taiji no Yume (胎児の夢) (1977)
A Room with a Butterfly (蝶のすむ部屋) (1978)
Taklamakan (タクラマカン) (2008)
Yoshiko Sai Live 1976/79 (佐井好子 -ライブ) (2008)
Singles
When Turning 20 Years Old (二十才になれば) (1975)
Uninhabited Island (人のいない島) (1976)
Spring Dream (春の夢) (1977)
Blue Glass Ball (青いガラス玉) (2015)
Collaboration albums
Crimson Voyage (2001) (with Jojo Hiroshige)
Poems
Blue Glass Ball (1977)
References
External links
1953 births
20th-century Japanese women singers
People from Nara Prefecture
Living people
Mount Ruth () is a ridge-shaped mountain, 2,170 m, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Mount Gardiner, at the southeast side of the lower reaches of Bartlett Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Discovered in December 1934 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Quin Blackburn, and named at that time by R. Admiral Byrd for Ruth Black, deceased wife of Richard B. Black, expedition member who assisted with seismic, survey, and radio operations in the vicinity of Little America II.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Albert Vielfaure (born April 6, 1923 – December 12, 2007) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. They were a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1962 to 1969.
Vielfaure was born and educated at La Broquerie (completing Grade 11), and worked as a farmer and bulk oil salesperson. In 1951, they married Solange Desrosiers. Vielfaure served as a member of the Chamber of Commerce. They also are active in the Knights of Columbus.
They were first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1962 provincial election, defeating Progressive Conservative Rene Préfontaine by 308 votes in the rural francophone riding of La Vérendrye. They were re-elected by a much greater margin in the 1966 election. The Liberals were in opposition during this period, and Vielfaure spent their entire legislative career on the opposition benches. They did not run for re-election in 1969, after their riding was significantly changed by redistribution.
Vielfaure returned to their farm after leaving politics, focusing on hog and corn production. They served on the Manitoba Hog Marketing Commission from 1970 to 1975, and was an advisor to the federal Minister of Agriculture from 1970 to 1979. From 1986 to 1990, they were an adviser for farm programming on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's French network. They served with the Fédération des Caisses Populaires du Manitoba from 1971 to 1982, and received the "Prix Riel" in 2000 for their lifetime achievements in the francophone community. They retired from active farming in 1999, and has been recognized as a member of the Manitoba Agricultural Hall of Fame.
On the night of December 11, 2007, after a deteriorating condition, Vielfaure suffered a serious heart attack which slowed their breathing down and caused them to die in the early morning.
References
External links
Obituary in the Winnipeg Free Press
1923 births
2007 deaths
Manitoba Liberal Party MLAs
Franco-Manitoban people
People from Eastman Region, Manitoba
Canadian Catholics
Abū al-Ḥasan ʿAlī ibn Abī Zarʿ al-Fāsī () (d. between 1310 and 1320) is the commonly presumed original author of the popular and influential medieval history of Morocco known as Rawd al-Qirtas, said to have been written at the instigation of Marinid Sultan Abu Sa'id Uthman II. Their full nasab is sometimes given as ibn Abd Allah ibn Abi Zar and sometimes as ibn Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Umar ibn Abi Zar. The uncertainty about their name and authorship of the Rawd is caused by the many variant manuscripts in circulation since the Middle Ages. Very little is known about their life except that they were evidently a scholar at Fes.
Notes
See also
Rawd al-Qirtas – references therein.
Ahmed Siraj: L'Image de la Tingitane. L'historiographie arabe medievale et l'Antiquite nord-africaine. École Française de Rome, 1995. . A brief biographical note gives references to articles (in Arabic) by Moroccan researchers.
14th-century Moroccan historians
Year of birth unknown
1310s deaths
People from Fez, Morocco
13th-century Moroccan historians
Samaritan is a 2022 American superhero drama film directed by Julius Avery and written by Bragi F. Schut. Described as a dark, new take on superhero movies, the story was previously adapted into the Mythos Comics graphic novels by Schut, Marc Olivent, and Renzo Podesta. It is a co-production of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Balboa Productions. The film stars Sylvester Stallone, Javon "Wanna" Walton, Pilou Asbæk, Dascha Polanco, and Moises Arias. The story follows a kid who suspects that their neighbor is secretly a superhero who was believed to have died many years prior.
Samaritan was released on August 26, 2022, by United Artists Releasing and Amazon Studios via streaming on Prime Video. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
Plot
The superhumans Samaritan and Nemesis were twin brothers who lived in Granite City. The heroic Samaritan eventually fought their villainous brother in the city's power plant, causing a fire, and both were apparently killed in the ensuing explosion. Many people remain fans of the Samaritan, and there are rumors that they are still alive.
In the present, thirteen-year-old Sam Cleary tries their best to help their mom with their financial crisis. They accept a job from a gang headed by Reza. The plan goes haywire, but the real gang leader, Cyrus, is impressed and personally gives Sam $110. Reza and their friends later attack Sam as payback but are stopped by Joe Smith, a garbage collector who lives in the apartment across from Sam's. Joe displays super-strength in fighting off the bullies, causing Sam to suspect that they are the Samaritan. Meanwhile, Cyrus finds Nemesis' hammer and sets themselves up as the new Nemesis, sparking riots and chaos throughout the city.
After Sam confronts him, Joe denies that they are the Samaritan, but Reza - still looking for revenge - hits them with their car. Joe is badly injured but soon heals, causing them to overheat so much they have to be cooled down. Joe and Sam build a friendship, while at the same time, Cyrus invites Sam to work with their gang. However, Sam is disturbed when they overhear their violent activities.
When Joe defends a young girl from an explosion caused by Cyrus's gang, rumors spread that the Samaritan is back. Cyrus discovers Joe's identity and connection to Sam, and kidnaps Sam to lure Joe in. In their battle, it is revealed that Samaritan died during the power plant fire, and Joe is actually Nemesis, who survived and left their villainous life behind. Joe eventually kills Cyrus and breaks their hammer but almost overheats from their healing powers and the spreading fire. Sam breaks open a pipe to shower them with water. Joe recovers enough to escape with Sam by jumping out a window. Joe leaves, overhearing Sam tell the press that "Samaritan" saved him.
Cast
Sylvester Stallone as Joe
Javon 'Wanna' Walton as Sam Cleary
Pilou Asbæk as Cyrus
Dascha Polanco as Tiffany Cleary
Moises Arias as Reza
Martin Starr as Albert Casier
Sophia Tatum as Sil
Jared Odrick as Farshad
Michael Aaron Milligan as Tuna
Henry G. Sanders as Arthur Holloway
Shameik Moore as Devin Holloway
Abraham Clinkscales as Jace
Production
In February 2019, it was announced that MGM had acquired a spec script by Bragi F. Schut titled Samaritan to be co-produced with Balboa Productions. Schut had written the screenplay prior to adapting the story in a series of graphic novels published by Mythos Comics. In September 2019, Julius Avery joined the production as director.
In February 2019, it was announced that Sylvester Stallone would star in the titular role and also act as producer. In February 2020, Martin Starr, Moises Arias, Dascha Polanco, Pilou Asbæk, Javon 'Wanna' Walton, Jared Odrick, and Michael Aaron Milligan joined the cast in supporting roles. In March 2020, Natacha Karam joined the cast of the film.
In September 2019, filming was scheduled for a 2020 start date in Atlanta. Filming was confirmed to have commenced by February 26, 2020. On March 14, the production went on hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. By October 8, 2020, filming had resumed.
Jed Kurzel and Kevin Kiner composed the film score, with former previously collaborating with Avery on Overlord (2018). Lakeshore Records released the soundtrack.
Release
The release of Samaritan was delayed several times, having previously scheduled to be released theatrically on November 20, 2020, December 11, 2020, and June 4, 2021. The film was released on August 26, 2022, in the United States by United Artists Releasing and Amazon Studios, the latter having purchased MGM that same year, via streaming on Prime Video.
Reception
Notes
References
External links
Samaritan on Amazon Prime Video
2022 action drama films
2022 science fiction films
2020s American films
2020s English-language films
2020s science fiction action films
2020s science fiction drama films
2020s superhero films
American action drama films
American science fiction action films
American science fiction drama films
American superhero films
Balboa Productions films
Film productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films about terrorism in the United States
Films based on American comics
Films directed by Julius Avery
Films not released in theaters due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films scored by Kevin Kiner
Films scored by Jed Kurzel
Films shot in Atlanta
Live-action films based on comics
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Waltz for Debby is a live album by jazz pianist and composer Bill Evans and their trio consisting of Evans, bassist Scott LaFaro, and drummer Paul Motian. It was released in 1962.
History
The album was the fourth and final effort from the unit—LaFaro died in a car accident just ten days after the live date at the Village Vanguard from which Waltz for Debby and its predecessor, Sunday at the Village Vanguard, were taken. The loss of LaFaro hit Evans hard, and they went into a brief seclusion. When Evans returned to the trio format later in 1962, it was with Motian and bassist Chuck Israels.
The title track, a musical portrait of Evans' niece, became a staple of their live repertoire in later years. It originally appeared as a solo piano piece on Evans' debut album, New Jazz Conceptions. It remains what is likely Evans' most well-known song, one that they would play throughout their career.
The CD reissue of the album contains several outtakes. The entire day's recordings were released in 2005 as The Complete Village Vanguard Recordings, 1961.
Reception
This album is widely considered to be one of the best in the Evans canon, and the type of emotive interplay between the musicians that at some points seemed almost deconstructed has served as a model for piano trio play.
Writing for AllMusic, music critic Thom Jurek wrote of the album: "While the Sunday at the Village Vanguard album focused on material where LaFaro soloed prominently, this is far more a portrait of the trio on those dates... Of the many recordings Evans issued, the two Vanguard dates and Explorations are the ultimate expressions of their legendary trio." C. Michael Bailey of All About Jazz wrote "Along with Bassist wunderkind Scott LaFaro and drummer Paul Motian, Evans perfected their democratic vision of trio cooperation, where all members performed with perfect empathy and telepathy... It is these performances, currently available as Sunday at The Village Vanguard and Waltz for Debby that comprise the number one best jazz live recording in this present series."
It was voted number 465 in the third edition of Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums (2000).
Track listing
LP track listing
"My Foolish Heart" (Victor Young, Ned Washington) – 4:58
"Waltz for Debby" [Take 2] (Bill Evans, Gene Lees) – 7:00
"Detour Ahead" [Take 2] (Lou Carter, Herb Ellis, Johnny Frigo) – 7:37
"My Romance" [Take 1] (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 7:13
"Some Other Time" (Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden, Adolph Green) – 5:11
"Milestones" (Miles Davis) – 6:30
CD track listing
"My Foolish Heart" 4:56
"Waltz for Debby" [Take 2] 7:00
"Waltz for Debby" [Take 1] 6:46
"Detour Ahead" [Take 2] 7:37
"Detour Ahead" [Take 1] 7:13
"My Romance" [Take 1] 7:12
"My Romance" [Take 2] 7:15
"Some Other Time" 5:11
"Milestones" 6:30
"Porgy (I Love You, Porgy)" 5:58
Note on the alternate takes: "For this CD release, alternate versions of three of the six selections have been inserted just after the ones originally chosen for issuance.[...] The three not duplicated here were played only once that day. Also included is "Porgy", originally omitted for lack of space.[...]" (Orrin Keepnews excerpt from the booklet)
Personnel
Bill Evans – piano
Scott LaFaro – bass
Paul Motian – drums
References
1962 live albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Bill Evans live albums
Riverside Records live albums
Albums recorded at the Village Vanguard
Mary Johnson may refer to:
Mary Johnson (first lady) (c. 1830–1887), first lady of California.
Mary Johnson (actor) (1896–1975), Swedish silent film performer
Mary Johnson (singer) (1898–1983), African American lowdown blues singer
Mary Johnson Lowe (1924–1999), née Mary Johnson, American jurist
Mary Johnson (cricketer) (born 1924), English cricketer
Mary Lea Johnson (1926–1990), American theatrical producer, entrepreneur and philanthropist
Mary Johnson (activist) (born 1948), American advocate for disability rights; founded Ragged Edge magazine
Mary Johnson (writer) (born 1958), American writer and Director of A Room of Them Own Foundation
Mary Johnson (politician), member of the North Dakota House of Representatives
Mary C. Johnson, one of the first three females to practice law in Georgia
See also
Nathan and Mary (Polly) Johnson properties, American National Historic Landmark in New Bedford, Massachusetts
Mary Johnston (disambiguation)
Marie Johnson (disambiguation)
Mary Johnson Harris (born 1963), Louisiana educator
Johnson (surname)
Pusan East (K-9) Air Base was a United States Air Force (USAF) and Republic of Korea Air Force (ROKAF) air base adjacent to the Suyeong River in Haeundae District, Busan, South Korea. It was redeveloped in the 1990s as Centum City, a commercial and residential area.
History
Korean War
By the end of July 1950, UN forces had been pushed back into the Pusan Perimeter, which contained three airfields all in poor condition. Engineers urgently improved the former Japanese military airfield at K-9 to allow heavy transport aircraft such as C-54s to land there.
On 8 September 1950 the 18th Fighter Wing arrived at K-9 from Ashiya Air Field before moving to Pyongyang East Air Base (K-24) in November 1950.
On 5 March 1951 a USAF C-54 #42-72663 was damaged beyond repair at K-9.
On 23 May 1951 the 452d Bombardment Wing operating the Douglas A-26 Invader was deployed to K-9. On 10 May 1952 the 17th Bombardment Wing was activated at K-9 to replace the 452d.
Post Korean War
K-9 was transferred to the South Korean military in 1956 and remained in use until the early 1990s.
Busan Suyeong Airport opened in August 1958 and renamed as Busan International Airport in September 1963. In August 1976 the airport was moved to its current location in Gimhae.
In the late 1990s the area was redeveloped as Centum City.
See also
Gimhae Air Base
Gimhae International Airport
References
External links
Photos and video taken on and around K-9 in 1952
Aerial photos of K-9 taken in 1952/3
Installations of the United States Air Force in South Korea
Korean War air bases
Rebecca Riots (formerly known as Final Girl) was a female acoustic folk music trio from 1993 to 2009 originating in Berkeley, California, founded in 1993 by its members, Andrea Prichett, Lisa Zeiler, and Eve Decker. The band's music employs three-part harmony, guitar, mandolin and harmonica.
History
The Berkeley, California, band Rebecca Riots was an acoustic folk trio named after the mid-19th century Rebecca Riots (Welsh: Terfysgoedd Beca), a series of uprisings against injustices and autocratic rule on the part of the anglicized gentry in South West Wales, notably carried out by men dressed as women. The musical trio was founded in 1993 by Prichett and Decker.They asked Prichett's guitar teacher Zeller to join. From 1993 to 2001 they released four CDs and were signed to Appleseed Recordings.
They toured the United States several times and played the Vancouver Folk Music Festival, Bumbershoot, and the Salinas Folk Festival, and regularly sold out multiple shows in Seattle, Portland, and The Freight and Salvage in their home town. They shared stages with Peter Yarrow, Utah Phillips, Laura Love, Street Sounds, Rhiannon, Ulali, Cheryl Wheeler, Sonia of Disappear Fear, Gwen Avery, Alix Dobkin, Alice Stewart, and others.
From 2002 to 2006 Rebecca Riots did not tour but played one or two shows a year in Berkeley. During that time Zeller gave birth to a child and produced albums for other singer-songwriters, Prichett became a public school teacher and visited Palestine, while Decker participated in long meditation retreats.
From 2006 to 2009 the band toured again and released its fifth CD, Just As Sure.
Activism
Songs and between-song banter deal with a range of issues, including combating homophobia; gay–straight alliance; police accountability; healing through interfaith spiritual practice (the three musicians are Christian, Jewish, and Buddhist); caring for the homeless; prisoners' rights; positive body image for women; building with straw bale; gratitude toward nature; facing death and loss; anti-apartheid work; Palestinian rights; love and support of children and teens; and celebratory love songs.
Rebecca Riots has done concerts and benefits at folk venues and colleges in the United States, supporting causes including environmental movements such as Earth First!, anti-racist work, and organizations supporting marginalized people such as homeless people, children, and women suffering from domestic violence.
Discography
Rebecca Riots (1995)
Some Folks (1998)
Live at The Freight and Salvage (1999)
Gardener (2000)
Just as Sure (2004)
References
External links
American folk musical groups
A seriality is a social construct which differs from a mere group of individuals. Serialities take the form of labels which are either imposed onto persons or voluntarily adopted by them. A seriality can be "unbound" and self-identified, for example workers, patriots, or anarchists, or "bound" and identified by authority census and elections, such as Asian-Americans or Tutsis.
Benedict Anderson describes bound seriality as an insidious power grab by political authority. When a state gains an interest in power they may serialize their citizens in order to identify them, for example, forcing citizens to adopt a family name or (more recently) a national identification number.
The term is also used in gender studies.
See also
patronymic
matronymic
family name
References
Benedict Anderson. The Spectre of Comparisons. 1998.
See also
Critique of Dialectical Reason
Social constructionism
Collective identity
Vladislav Vladimirovich Zhovnirski (; born 12 July 1978) is a Russian pair skating coach and former competitor. With Victoria Maxiuta, they are the 1996 World Junior champion, 1997 Ondrej Nepela Memorial champion, 1998 Skate America bronze medalist, and 1999 Winter Universiade champion.
Personal life
Zhovnirski was born 12 July 1978 in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. They live in Moscow, Russia.  They are married to Russian former pair skater Arina Ushakova, with whom they have a child (born 2016).
Career
Partnership with Maxiuta
Zhovnirski competed for Russia and began appearing internationally with Victoria Maxiuta in 1993. They were awarded gold at the 1996 World Junior Championships, held from November to December 1995 in Brisbane, Australia.
The pair's first senior international medal, gold, came at the Ondrej Nepela Memorial in September 1996. Maxiuta/Zhovnirski went on to take bronze at the 1997 World Junior Championships, held in November 1996 in Seoul, South Korea; bronze at the 1998 World Junior Championships in December 1997 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada; and silver at the 1997–98 Junior Series Final in March 1998 in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Maxiuta/Zhovnirski began the 1998–99 season with gold medals at both of their Junior Grand Prix assignments – in Sofia, Bulgaria, and Chemnitz, Germany – before winning bronze at a senior Grand Prix event, the 1998 Skate America. In November 1998, the pair stepped onto the World Junior Championship podium for the fourth consecutive year, taking bronze in Zagreb, Croatia. In January 1999, they outscored Pang Qing / Tong Jian for gold at the Winter Universiade in Žilina, Slovakia. In March, they took bronze at the Junior Grand Prix Final in Detroit. The pair was coached by Nina Mozer.
Later career
From 2001 to 2003, Zhovnirski competed with Elena Ivanovich (also known as Jelena Jovanović) but finished no higher than 8th at the Russian Championships.
Following the end of their competitive career, they began working as a pairs coach in collaboration with Nina Mozer in Moscow. Their students include 2012 JGP Final champions Lina Fedorova / Maxim Miroshkin and Ksenia Stolbova / Fedor Klimov (from mid-2013).
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Ivanovich
With Maxiuta
References
Navigation
Russian male pair skaters
Sportspeople from Kyiv
Figure skaters from Moscow
1978 births
Ukrainian emigrants to Russia
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1999 Winter Universiade
The 2006 Division 1 was contested by 28 teams divided into two groups geographically. Enköpings SK and IF Sylvia won their respective groups and were promoted to Superettan, along with second place-teams IK Sirius and Bunkeflo IF who each one their respective promotion playoffs against teams from Superettan.
League tables
North
South
Young Player Teams of the Year
At the end of each Division 1 season an all-star game is played called "Morgondagens Stjärnor" (English: "The Stars Of Tomorrow"). The two teams playing against each other consist of the best young players from each of the two leagues. However, in 2006, which was the first year of the new Division 1, the game was instead called "FramtidsFajten" (English: "The Future Fight") and the concept was slightly different compared to the following years with the biggest young talents of Division 1 playing against the biggest young talents from the 2006 Division 2 season.
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 1 seasons
3
Sweden
Sweden
The Royal Scottish Society of Arts is a learned society in Scotland, dedicated to the study of science and technology. It was founded as The Society for the Encouragement of the Useful Arts in Scotland by Sir David Brewster in 1821 and dedicated to "the promotion of invention and enterprise". The Society was granted a Royal Charter in 1841.
Background
For many years the promotion of invention and improvements of all sorts was the main business of the Society, and its meetings were the focus of a large and active cross-section of Edinburgh society - academics, gentry, professionals such as civil engineers and lawyers, and skilled craftsmen such as instrument makers, engravers and printers. The Society's published Transactions provide a record of changes in technology, and the Society's archive is held by the National Library of Scotland, and is a valuable resource to researchers.
In more recent times, the Society's meeting programme has been based on lectures given by expert and often distinguished speakers. The lectures cover a wide range of scientific and technical topics, and still with the original aim of keeping the membership informed about current concerns in science, engineering, medicine, and often with a topical edge.
Meetings of the Society are held in Edinburgh monthly, at 7pm on Monday evenings, from October or November to May or June. In addition, organised visits are made each year to a research, manufacturing or industrial establishment.
Presidents of the Society
Presidents of the society have been:
Awards
The society awards the Makdougall Brisbane medal, founded by Sir Thomas Makdougall Brisbane. This award is not to be confused with the similarly named award given by the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Recipients have included:
1865: Arthur Beverly, for their planimeter
David Stevenson (1815–1886), civil engineer
c.1890: William Galt Black, for their wind gauge
1892: James Blyth, for their wind turbine
1910: David Thomas Gwynne-Vaughan
c.1923: Dawson Turner (1857–1928), pioneer radiologist and D.M.R. Crombie for their paper on An Investigation of the Ionised Atmosphere around Flames by means of an Electrified Pith Ball
William Dyce Cay (1838-1925)
2016: Dr Alison Morrison-Low
Arms
External links
Royal Scottish Society of Arts
References
1821 establishments in Scotland
Scientific societies based in the United Kingdom
Learned societies of Scotland
Science and technology in Scotland
Society of Arts
Charities based in Edinburgh
Organizations established in 1821
1841 in Scotland
Xanthotis is a genus of birds in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae.
The genus contains three species:
Spotted honeyeater (Xanthotis polygrammus)
Macleay's honeyeater (Xanthotis macleayanus)
Tawny-breasted honeyeater (Xanthotis flaviventer)
The Kadavu honeyeater (Meliphacator provocator) was formerly included in this genus. It was moved to its own genus Meliphacator based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2019.
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Next plc (styled as NEXT) is a British multinational clothing, footwear and home products retailer, which has its headquarters in Enderby, England. It has around 700 stores, of which circa 500 are in the United Kingdom, and circa 200 across Europe, Asia and the Middle East. Next is the largest clothing retailer by sales in the United Kingdom, having overtaken Marks & Spencer in early 2012 and 2014. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
History
Hepworth
The company was founded by Joseph Hepworth in Leeds in 1864 as a tailor under the name of Joseph Hepworth & Son. Initially Hepworth was in partnership with James Rhodes, but the partnership was dissolved in 1872.
On their own, Hepworth expanded the company rapidly, becoming a pioneer of the development of chain stores in Britain. By 1884 the company had 100 outlets.
For much of its history Hepworth was predominantly in the ready-to-wear suit market. In 1963, the company brought in the celebrated Savile Row designer Hardy Amies to help revitalise its ready-to-wear suit collection.
Kendall's and Next
In 1981, the company bought womenswear retailer Kendall and Sons for £1.75 million from the retail conglomerate Combined English Stores. This gave Hepworth over 600 shops in British high streets.
The intention was to redevelop Kendall's stores as a womenswear chain of shops to complement Hepworth as a chain of menswear stores. Designer Terence Conran was Chairman of Hepworth at that time, and recruited George Davies to work at Kendall's. However, Davies's concept was to create a new chain, called Next, initially by converting Kendall's stores. The first Next shops opened on 12 February 1982, with the Kendall's conversion complete by the end of 1983.
Appointed chief executive in 1984, Davies then converted 50 Hepworth stores to the Next format, extending the range to cover menswear. This allowed the development of mini department stores selling women's and men's clothes. This was added to by the introduction of Next interiors to stores which were deemed in the "right demographical areas." In 1986, Davies moved the group's headquarters from Leeds to Leicester, to be closer to the main garment manufacturers, and the company name was changed to Next plc.
In 1987, the group acquired Combined English Stores and the Grattan catalogue company. Extending first to introduce Next childrenswear, Davies then introduced the Next Directory.
By 1988, "after seven years of growth, Next had over-expanded suicidally" .. "some stores were not bringing in enough to pay the rent." Davies was sacked and the share price fell to 7p. Chairman Sir David Jones accused Davies of being egotistical and taking Next to the verge of bankruptcy.
In October 1988, Next sold 433 jewellery stores in the United Kingdom, which principally traded under the Salisburys and Zales brands, to the Ratners Group for US$232 million.
The company bought the youth brand Lipsy in 2008. In autumn 2009, Next launched an online catalogue for the United States offering clothing, shoes and accessories for women, men and children.
Next's prices in Ireland attracted criticism in 2009 when the company was one of four retailers accused of failing to pass on exchange rate savings to shoppers in the Republic.
In July 2010, a BBC investigation found Next was breaking the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 by billing customers for its delivery costs even if goods were returned within the seven working days. A spokesperson for Next admitted that they had been doing this for three years but promised to comply by August 2010. Trading Standards said that the DSRs had been in force for ten years, and there was no excuse for not adhering to them.
In 2014, Next launched localised cross-border sales to Ukraine.
Wages controversy
In May 2014, the Living Wage Foundation bought Next shares and attended the annual general meeting in an attempt to persuade the company to pay at least £6.70 and become one of the UK's 700 living wage employers. Next was targeted because it claimed to be a good employer and was thriving. Professor Sir George Bain, who set the minimum wage in 1999, said employers could afford to pay much more but acknowledged enforcement could cause unemployment in the retail sector.
In October 2014, the company was one of several retailers criticised by journalist Janice Turner in The Times for failing to pay what they described as a living wage. Turner further argued UK taxpayers pay £28 billion to low-paid workers through tax credits, and retail companies – which have the highest proportion of low paid workers – are exploiting austerity and effectively adding staff wages to the UK welfare bill. When asked to explain the salaries of lower-wage workers despite large profits, a Next spokesperson replied that the company had thirty applicants for every job advertised.
Financial data
Numbers are in millions of pounds:
Operations
Next has three main channels: Next Retail, a chain of 550+ retail branches in the United Kingdom; Next Directory, a home shopping catalogue and website with more than 3 million active customers, and Next International, with 180+ international stores. Its other businesses include Next Sourcing, for own brand products; Lipsy, which designs and sells its own branded younger women's fashion products through wholesale, retail and website channels.
Next operates stores and e-commerce for Victoria's Secret in the UK. In September 2021, Next announced a joint venture with Gap. Next will manage Gap's UK website and place Gap concessions in some Next stores. The deal preserves Gap's presence on the UK high street after Gap announced in July 2021 it would close all of its UK stores.
In September 2018, the company's Irish operations profits were separated from Next plc. Next (Ireland) Ltd was formally established to focus on the distribution of products in its physical stores and its online store in the Republic of Ireland. At the same time Next Germany was established.
Logos and marketing
Until circa 1991 Next used a lower case Courier-style typeface in black against a white background for its logo. This was replaced by the capitalised NEXT logo in a Roman-serif style type face. There were some variations of this such as the logo with each letter of NEXT in an individual square and in some stores in 2005/2006 had the Next logo in a varying blue & black background with "X's" printed on them, as opposed to the black background. In addition, some variations in typeface occurred during the logo's use – including similar fonts that had serifs positioned above the "T" crossbar, similar to Garamond and others that had more in common with Times New Roman. In 2007 a new next logo was introduced, although the previous logo continued to be used until stock was exhausted.
Next clothing often carries reference to the origins of the company in 1982 with use of "82" or "1982" as a design feature on clothes in all ranges.
Prior to 2007 Next only advertised immediately prior to a sale, usually through brief television spots and newspaper advertising. In 2007 following a "disappointing" 7.2% fall in like for like sales, it announced it was investing "£17 million over the next three years to revive its existing stores and product offering" + an additional £10m for marketing. Yasmin Le Bon who modelled in the first Next Directory in Spring 1988 featured in an on-line fashion show.
In September 2007, to celebrate its 25th anniversary, Next launched its first television campaign in twelve years named 'Ali's Party' with the song 'Suddenly I See' and starring Brazilian supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio. All extra casts were Next employees, otherwise nicknamed 'nextras'. A second advert featuring Ambrosio, was screened in November 2007 and the songs were regularly played instore during the campaign.
An advert directed by Ben Watts and filmed on the banks of the River Seine was shown in September 2010 to reflect the season's Parisian chic styles. It was soundtracked by The Specials' "A Message to You, Rudy" and starred Brazilian model Emanuela de Paula and Spanish actor Jon Kortajarena.
See also
Wolfson family
References
External links
1864 establishments in the United Kingdom
Clothing brands of the United Kingdom
Clothing retailers of the United Kingdom
Clothing retailers of Ireland
Companies based in Leicestershire
British companies established in 1864
Retail companies established in 1864
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
The Andaman woodpecker (Dryocopus hodgei) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae. It is endemic to the Andaman Islands in India. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy
The Andaman woodpecker was described by Edward Blyth in 1860 as Mulleripicus Hodgei. The specific name hodgei is for Captain S. Hodge, of the Royal Navy, who was stationed in the Andaman Islands at the time. The species was once considered to be a subspecies of the white-bellied woodpecker, but differs in its appearance and its calls. The separation of the two species is also supported by genetic evidence.
Description
The Andaman woodpecker is around long and weighs between . The plumage is mostly slate-grey to black, with a bright red crest. The male also has a red crown and malar area under the eye. The bare skin around the eye is grey, and the legs are slaty coloured, and the bill is black. The irises are pale yellow. Juvenile birds look like adults but have browner, duller plumage and brown eyes, and may have with feathers in the crown. The species differs from the white-bellied woodpecker in not having a white belly and having more slate-coloured plumage (as opposed to black).
Behaviour
Little is recorded about the behaviour of the Andaman woodpecker. It lives in pairs, but also associates in small flocks. It forages on large trunks and branches, but has also been recorded foraging on the ground for ants. It has been recorded breeding between January and March, and breeds in a nest hole off the forest floor, in a dead tree. Two eggs are laid.
Habitat and threats
The Andaman woodpecker is endemic to the Andaman Islands, where it is found in the rain forests of the lowlands. The species is threatened by the loss of habitat, as the human population of the Andaman Islands increases and clears forests for agriculture. Because of this threat, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed it as being vulnerable to extinction.
References
External links
Andaman Birdwatching andamanbirdwatching
Andaman woodpecker
Andaman woodpecker
Andaman woodpecker
Andaman woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Merki (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Merki.
June 29, 2013 — July 2016 — was appointed аkim of the district Kopbosynov Bakhtiyar Beisembaevich.
June 30, 2016 — 2021 — was appointed a new akim Umirbekov Meirkhan Azatovich.
March 2, 2021 — May 5, 2022 — was appointed a new akim Nursipatov Ruslan Maratovich.
May 16, 2022 — was appointed a new akim Baubekov Zhorabek Nurmergenovich.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
Bosco is the stage name of Chris Constantino, an American drag performer.  They are most well known for competing and placing joint third on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2022.
Early life
Constantino was raised by musicians in Great Falls, Montana. They received formal dance training at a young age.
Career
Constantino performed in drag for the first time in 2018. Bosco co-hosts a weekly drag show at Queer Bar in Seattle, Washington.
In 2022, they competed on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race. They performed a burlesque routine for the opening episode's talent show. In the fifth, ninth, and thirteenth episodes of the season, Bosco won the main challenges, winning three cash prizes of US$5,000.
In episode ten, the Snatch Game, Bosco portrayed Gwenyth Paltrow, was one of the queens to land in the bottom seven, and thus participated in a lip sync tournament which took place the following episode. They lost two lip syncs, one against Willow Pill to "Never Too Much" by Luther Vandross and one against Lady Camden to "Don't Let Go (Love)" by En Vogue. In the final lip sync, they went up against Jasmine Kennedie to "Swept Away" by Diana Ross, and won.
In the twelfth episode, Bosco landed in the bottom two alongside Jorgeous and had to lip sync to "Heartbreak Hotel (Hex Hector Remix)" by Whitney Houston. They lost the lip sync but was saved after they received the Gold Bar (a twist introduced in the third episode where each queen was assigned a chocolate bar and whoever had a bar which contained a golden ticket wrapped inside would be saved from elimination). This allowed Bosco to stay in the competition. In the subsequent episode, Bosco won the main challenge, which was a roast of Ross Mathews.
Personal life
Constantino has lived in Seattle since 2015. Constantino uses they and they pronouns out of drag and they in drag. They came out as a transgender woman in February 2022, having begun their transition after filming Drag Race.
Awards and nominations
See also
List of LGBT people from Seattle
Notes
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American drag queens
LGBT people from Montana
LGBT people from Washington (state)
Non-binary drag performers
People from Great Falls, Montana
People from Seattle
RuPaul's Drag Race contestants
Transgender drag performers
Transgender women
Tampin is a federal constituency in Tampin District , Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Tampin constituency has a total of 30 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Negeri Sembilan federal constituencies
The University of Tübingen has a long list of notable alumni and staff. As of 2021, eleven Nobel Laureates, 16 Leibniz Laureates and four Alexander von Humboldt Professorships are affiliated with the University.
The following list also includes alumni of the Tübinger Stift, which is not a part of the University, but has a close relationship with it.
Archaeology
Marija Gimbutas (1921–1994), archaeologist
Manfred Korfmann (1942–2005), archaeologist, director of excavations in Troy
Aurel Stein (1862–1943), archaeologist (PhD 1883)
Economics
Helmut Haussmann, German minister of economy (1988–1991)
Horst Köhler, director of the IMF (2000–2004) and President of Germany (2004–2010)
Jürgen Stark, Chief Economist and Member of the Executive Committee of the European Central Bank
Klaus Töpfer, United Nations Under-Secretary-General and Executive-Director of the United Nations Environment Programme
Egyptology
Boyo Ockinga, Egyptologist
History
Ernst Boepple (1887–1950), German Nazi official and SS officer executed for war crimes
Andrzej Ciechanowiecki (1924–2015), Polish economist, and collector
Kurt Georg Kiesinger, Chancellor of Germany (1966–1969)
Hans Mommsen (1930–2015), historian
Stephan Jakob Neher (1828–1902), Church historian
Rita Süssmuth (1988–1998), president of the Bundestag, the German federal parliament
Uwe Wolf (born 1961), musicologist
Indology and Hinduism
Heinrich von Stietencron, Indologist
Law
Gerhard Anschütz, father of the constitution of the Bundesland Hesse
Martin Bangemann, German minister of economy (1984–1988) and EU commissioner (1989–1999)
Fritz Bauer, German Jewish judge and chief prosecutor of Hesse (1956–1968)
Julien Chaisse (born 1976), professor of law at the City University of Hong Kong
Herta Däubler-Gmelin, German minister of justice (1998–2002)
Wolfgang Ernst, legal historian and professor at the University of Oxford
Roman Herzog, President of Germany (1994–1999)
Klaus Hopt, German legal scholar
Christine Hohmann-Dennhardt, politician and judge of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany (1999–2011)
Philipp Jenninger, President of the German federal parliament (1984–1988)
Klaus Kinkel, vice-chancellor and minister of foreign affairs of Germany (1993–1998)
Dieter Medicus, German legal scholar
Gebhard Müller, President of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany (1959–1971)
Günther Oettinger, European Commissioner for Budget and Human Resources, Vice President of the Barroso II commission (2010–)
Carlo Schmid, German politician and one of the "fathers of the constitution"
Konstantin von Neurath, Minister of foreign affairs of Germany (1932–1938)
Christoph Martin Wieland, (1733–1813), poet
Jürgen Wöhler (b. 1950), German lawyer and manager
Medicine, natural sciences, mathematics
Yousef Al-Abed (b. 1964), chemist
S. M. Razaullah Ansari (b. 1932), historian of science
Alois Alzheimer, psychiatrist and neuropathologist
Katrin Böhning-Gaese, biologist and ornithologist
Simon Brendle (b. 1981), mathematician
Victor von Bruns, surgeon
Rudolf Jakob Camerarius (1665–1721), botanist, physicist
Theodor Eimer (1843–1898), zoologist and comparative anatomist
Leonhart Fuchs (1501–1566), botanist, physicist
Hans Geiger (1882–1945), physicist
Carl Haeberlin (1870–1954), physician
Ingmar Hoerr (b. 1968), biologist
Felix Hoppe-Seyler, chemist and physiologist
Friedrich von Huene (1875–1969), paleontologist
Johannes Kepler (1571–1630), astronomer
Karl Meissner (1891–1959), physicist
Julius Lothar Meyer (1830–1895), chemist
Hugo von Mohl (1805–1872), botanist
Friedrich Miescher, biologist
Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard (b. 1942), biologist
Hans Schlossberger (1887–1960), immunologist and microbiologist
Wilhelm Schickard (1592–1635), astronomer
Bernhard Schölkopf (b. 1968), computer scientist
Johann Georg Gmelin (1709–1755), botanist
Bei Shizhang (1903–2009), biologist
Karl von Vierordt, physiologist (1818–1884)
Detlef Weigel (b. 1961), biologist
Philology
Rabbi David Zvi Hoffmann, Rabbi
Johann Reuchlin, humanist and philosopher
Friedrich Hölderlin, poet
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, philosopher
Alberto Jori, philosopher
Heinrich Christoph Wilhelm Sigwart, philosopher
Christoph von Sigwart, philosopher
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, philosopher
Ernst Bloch, philosopher
Burghart Schmidt, philosopher
Otfried Höffe, philosopher
Julian Nida-Rümelin, philosopher
Ernst Tugendhat, philosopher
Manfred Frank, philosopher
Psychology
Paul Enck, psychologist specializing in psychosomatic medicine
Wolfgang Köhler, psychologist
Robert Zajonc (1923–2008), psychologist
Sociology
Ralf Dahrendorf, sociologist, economist, political scientist and politician
Theology
Karl Barth, Swiss, Reformed, 20th century Protestant theologian
Ferdinand Christian Baur, Protestant theologian and historian of early Christianity and the New Testament
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Lutheran, 20th century Protestant theologian, opponent of the Nazi Regime
Rudolf Bultmann, 20th century Protestant theologian known for existential biblical interpretation
Gerhard Ebeling, Protestant theologian, former student of Rudolf Bultmann, specialist in philosophical hermeneutics
Johannes Eck (1486–1543), Catholic theologian, counter-Reformer
David F. Ford, Regius Professor of Divinity at the University of Cambridge (since 1991)
Romano Guardini, Roman Catholic priest, author and academic
Walter Kasper, Cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church, very Roman Catholic theologian of today
Hans Küng, Roman Catholic theologian, critic of Catholic doctrine
Philip Melanchthon (1497–1560), Protestant reformer, first systematic theologian of the Protestant Reformation
Eduard Mörike, Protestant theologian, German poet
Jürgen Moltmann, Protestant theologian
Konrad Raiser, Protestant theologian, former General Secretary of the World Council of Churches (WCC)
Charles-Frédéric Reinhard (1761–1837), Württembergian-born French diplomat, essayist, and politician
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, Protestant theologian, philosopher
Adolf Schlatter, Protestant theologian
David Strauss, Protestant theologian and writer who revolutionized the study of the New Testament
Paul Tillich, German-American theologian at Harvard University, Protestant theologian
Miroslav Volf, Christian theologian at Yale University
Karl Heinrich Weizsäcker, Protestant theologian and chancellor of the University of Tübingen
References
University of Tübingen
Tübingen
The CYCLADES computer network () was a French research network created in the early 1970s. It was one of the pioneering networks experimenting with the concept of packet switching and, unlike the ARPANET, was explicitly designed to facilitate internetworking.
The CYCLADES network was the first to make the hosts responsible for the reliable delivery of data, rather than this being a centralized service of the network itself. Datagrams were exchanged on the network using transport protocols that do not guarantee reliable delivery, but only attempt best-effort. To empower the network leaves (the hosts) to perform error-correction, the network ensured end-to-end protocol transparency, a concept later to be known as the end-to-end principle. This simplified network design reduced network latency and reduced the opportunities for single point failures. The experience with these concepts led to the design of key features of the Internet protocol in the ARPANET project.
The network was sponsored by the French government, through the Institut de Recherche en lnformatique et en Automatique (IRIA), the national research laboratory for computer science in France, now known as Inria, which served as the co-ordinating agency. Several French computer manufacturers, research institutes and universities contributed to the effort. CYCLADES was designed and directed by Louis Pouzin.
Conception and deployment
The project was launched in 1971. Design and staffing started in 1972, and November 1973 saw the first demonstration, using three hosts and one packet switch.
Pouzin coined the term catenet in 1973, in a note circulated to the International Networking Working Group, to describe a system of packet-switched communication networks interconnected via gateways. They later published these ideas in a 1974 paper "A Proposal for Interconnecting Packet Switching Networks".
Deployment of the network continued in 1974, with three packet switches installed by February, although at that point the network was only operational for three hours each day. By June the network was up to seven switches, and was available throughout the day for experimental use.
A terminal concentrator was also developed that year, since time-sharing was still a prevalent mode of computer use. In 1975, the network shrank slightly due to budgetary constraints, but the setback was only temporary. At that point, the network provided remote login, remote batch and file transfer user application services.
By 1976 the network was in full deployment, eventually numbering 20 nodes with connections to NPL in London, ESA in Rome, and to the European Informatics Network (EIN).
Technical details
CYCLADES used a layered architecture, which was adopted in the Internet. The basic packet transmission like function, named CIGALE, was novel; it provided an unreliable datagram service (the word was coined by Louis Pouzin by combining data and telegram). Since the packet switches no longer had to ensure correct delivery of data, this greatly simplified their design.
The CIGALE network featured a distance vector routing protocol, and allowed experimentation with various metrics. it also included a time synchronization protocol in all the packet switches. CIGALE included early attempts at performing congestion control by dropping excess packets.
The name CIGALE () – French for cicada – originates from the fact that the developers installed a speaker at each computer, so that "it went 'chirp chirp chirp' like cicadas" when a packet passed a computer.
An end-to-end protocol built on top of that provided a reliable transport service, on top of which applications were built. It provided a reliable sequence of user-visible data units called letters, rather than the reliable byte stream of TCP. The transport protocol was able to deal with out-of-order and unreliable delivery of datagrams, using the now-standard mechanisms of end-end acknowledgments and timeouts; it also featured sliding windows and end-to-end flow control.
Demise
By 1976, the French PTT was developing Transpac, a packet network based on the emerging X.25 standard. The academic debates between datagram and virtual circuit networks continued for some time, but were eventually cut short by bureaucratic decisions.
Data transmission was a state monopoly in France at the time, and IRIA needed a special dispensation to run the CYCLADES network. The PTT did not agree to funding by the government of a competitor to their Transpac network, and insisted that the permission and funding be rescinded. By 1981, Cyclades was forced to shut down.
Legacy
The most important legacy of CYCLADES was in showing that moving the responsibility for reliability into the hosts was workable, and produced a well-functioning service network. It also showed that it greatly reduced the complexity of the packet switches. The concept became a cornerstone in the design of the Internet.
The network was a fertile ground for experimentation, and allowed a generation of French computer scientists to experiment with networking concepts. Louis Pouzin and the CYCLADES alumni initiated a number of follow-on projects at IRIA to experiment with local area networks, satellite networks, the Unix operating system, and the message passing operating system Chorus.
Hubert Zimmermann used their experience in CYCLADES to influence the design of the OSI model, which is still a common pedagogical tool.
Gérard Le Lann worked with Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn to incorporate concepts from the CYCLADES project into the original design of the Transmission Control Program.
CYCLADES alumni and researchers at IRIA/INRIA were also influential in spreading adoption of the Internet in France, eventually witnessing the success of the datagram-based Internet, and the demise of the X.25 and ATM virtual circuit networks.
See also
History of the Internet
Internet in France § History
NPL network
References
Notes
Further reading
Louis Pouzin (editor), The Cyclades Computer Network: Toward Layered Network Architectures (North-Holland, Amsterdam, 1982)
External links
Demise of Cyclades
Experimental computer networks
French inventions
History of the Internet
Analyzing Marx: Morality, Power and History is a 1984 book about the philosopher Karl Marx by the political philosopher Richard W. Miller.
Reception
The sociologist Erik Olin Wright, Andrew Levine, and the philosopher Elliott Sober described Analyzing Marx as a representative work of Analytical Marxism. The philosopher Jan Narveson wrote that the book is, "an example of the lengths to which a sympathizer must go in attempting to retrieve a theory."
See also
Karl Marx: Their Life and Environment
References
Bibliography
Books
1984 non-fiction books
Contemporary philosophical literature
English-language books
Political philosophy literature
Books about Marxism
Books by Richard W. Miller
The Outlaw and Their Wife () is a 1918 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström, based on a play from 1911 by Jóhann Sigurjónsson. It tells the story of Eyvind of the Hills, an 18th-century Icelandic outlaw.
The film was groundbreaking for its portrayal of wild nature. It was shot in two sessions in the spring and late summer 1917, with Åre and Abisko in northern Sweden acting as the highlands of Iceland.
Plot
A stranger who calls themselves Kári comes to a farm in the north country. They hire on as a laborer, and the widowed farm owner Halla becomes infatuated with him. The local bailiff, who wants to marry Halla, becomes jealous of Kári. Another man tells the bailiff that Kári is in fact a thief and fugitive escapee named Eyvind. Kári at first denies being Eyvind and then defeats the bailiff in a wrestling contest as measure of their sincerity. However, when Halla proposes marriage, they confess the truth of what happened in their earlier impoverished life as Eyvind.
When the bailiff returns with others to arrest Eyvind, they and Halla abandon the farm for the bare, cold highlands where they live for many happy years. They have a baby girl and are accompanied by their friend Arnes.
However, around when the girl is three, Arnes confesses their loneliness and love for Halla. Halla does not share their feelings, and they decide to leave them. As they are walking away, they see a group of men approaching and runs back to warn Eyvind and Halla. The men arrive at the same time, and a fight ensues. In fear of capture, Halla throws their child off the cliff into the river below.
Eyvind and Halla escape into the hostile winter. Some time later, they are holed up in a small cabin with no food. They are crazed with hunger. Eyvind considers abandoning Halla but does not. When Eyvind goes for firewood, Halla wanders out of the cabin and freezes in the snow. Eyvind finds them and holds them until they have died frozen by their side.
Cast
Victor Sjöström as Eyvind of the Hills
Edith Erastoff as Halla
John Ekman as Arnes
Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson as Guðfinna
Artur Rolén as Farmhand
Nils Ahrén as Björn Bergstéinsson
William Larsson as Bjarni Sveinbjörnsson
References
External links
1910s historical drama films
1918 films
1918 drama films
Fictional married couples
Films directed by Victor Sjöström
Films set in Iceland
Films set in the 18th century
Swedish silent films
Swedish historical drama films
Swedish black-and-white films
Swedish films based on plays
Silent drama films
The 1954 Southern Area League was the first season of the newly named regional third tier of speedway racing in the United Kingdom for Southern British teams. It replaced the defunct Southern League. With most of the Southern League teams moving up to Speedway National League Division Two, six new teams started the season—many of them making their debut in league speedway.
Summary
Three teams finished equal on points at the top but California Poppies from California, Berkshire were champions by the slenderest possible margin of a single race point with all their rivals having an fixture in hand that was never ridden.
Aldershot Shots withdrew mid-season. Ernie Lessiter of Ringwood topped the averages.
Final table
Withdrawal (Record expunged) : Aldershot Shots
Leading Averages
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup (speedway)
References
Southern Area League
Southern Area League
1954 in speedway
Murano is a series of islands linked by bridges in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy. It lies about north of Venice and measures about across with a population of just over 5,000 (2004 figures). It is famous for its glass making. It was once an independent comune, but is now a frazione of the comune of Venice.
History
Murano was initially settled by the Romans and from the sixth century by people from Altinum and Oderzo. At first, the island prospered as a fishing port and through its production of salt. It was also a centre for trade through the port it controlled on Sant'Erasmo. From the eleventh century, it began to decline as islanders moved to Dorsoduro. It had a Grand Council, like that of Venice, but from the thirteenth century, Murano was ultimately governed by a podestà from Venice. Unlike the other islands in the Lagoon, Murano minted its own coins.
Early in the second millennium hermits of the Camaldolese Order occupied one of the islands, seeking a place of solitude for their way of life. There they founded the Monastery of St. Michael (). This monastery became a great center of learning and printing. The famous cartographer, Fra Mauro, whose maps were crucial to the European exploration of the world, was a monk of this community. The monastery was suppressed in 1810 by French forces under Napoleon, in the course of their conquest of the Italian peninsula, and the monks were expelled in 1814. The grounds then became Venice's major cemetery.
In 1291, all the glassmakers in Venice were required to move to Murano. In the following century, exports began, and the island became famous, initially for glass beads and mirrors. Aventurine glass was invented on the island, and for a while Murano was the main producer of glass in Europe. The island later became known for chandeliers. Although decline set in during the eighteenth century, glassmaking is still the island's main industry.
In the fifteenth century, the island became popular as a resort for Venetians, and palaces were built, but this later declined. The countryside of the island was known for its orchards and vegetable gardens until the nineteenth century, when more housing was built.
Attractions on the island include the Church of Santa Maria e San Donato (known for its twelfth-century Byzantine mosaic pavement and said to house the bones of the dragon slain by Saint Donatus in the 4th century), the church of San Pietro Martire with the chapel of the Ballarin family built in 1506 and artworks by Giovanni Bellini, and the Palazzo da Mula. Glass-related attractions include the many glassworks, some Mediaeval and most open to the public, and the Murano Glass Museum, housed in the large Palazzo Giustinian.
Murano glassmaking
Murano's reputation as a center for glassmaking was born when the Venetian Republic, fearing fire and the destruction of the city's mostly wooden buildings, ordered glassmakers to move their furnaces to Murano in 1291. Murano glass is still associated with Venetian glass.
Murano's glassmakers were soon numbered among the island's most prominent citizens. By the fourteenth century, glassmakers were allowed to wear swords, enjoyed immunity from prosecution by the Venetian state and found their daughters married into Venice's most affluent families. While benefiting from certain statutory privileges, glassmakers were forbidden to leave the Republic. However, many of them took the risks associated with migration and established glass furnaces in surrounding cities and farther afield — sometimes in England and the Netherlands.
Murano's glassmakers held a monopoly on high-quality glassmaking for centuries, developing or refining many technologies including optically clear glass, enamelled glass (smalto), glass with threads of gold (aventurine), multicolored glass (millefiori), milk glass (lattimo), and imitation gemstones made of glass. Today, the artisans of Murano still employ these centuries-old techniques, crafting everything from contemporary art glass and glass jewellery to Murano glass chandeliers and wine stoppers.
Venice kept protecting the secret of the production of glass and of crystal but, notwithstanding it, the Republic partially lost its monopoly at the end of the sixteenth century, because of some glassmakers who let the secret be known in many European countries.
Today, Murano is home to the Museo del Vetro or Murano Glass Museum in the Palazzo Giustinian, which holds displays on the history of glassmaking as well as glass samples ranging from Egyptian times through the present day.
Some of the companies that own historical glass factories in Murano are among the most important brands of glass in the world. These companies include Venini, Alessandro Mandruzzato Ferro Murano, Barovier & Toso, Simone Cenedese and Seguso. To protect the original Murano Glass art from foreign markets, the most famous Glass Factories of this island have a trademark that certifies glass made products on the island of Murano.
The oldest Murano glass factory that is still active today is that of Pauly & C. – Compagnia Venezia Murano, founded in 1866.
Government protection
As part of a broader view of protection and enhancement of typical and traditional Veneto product manufacturing and marketing, the Veneto Region protects and promotes the designation of origin of artistic glassworks created on the island of Murano, since glasswork is an inherent part of Venetian historical and cultural heritage.
The "Vetro Artistico Murano" trademark, filed and registered at the European Office for Harmonisation in Alicante, no. 00481812, has been established and is regulated by Regional Law no. 70, 1994.
Link to Warsaw
In the seventeenth century, the Murano-born Simone Giuseppe Belotti (in Polish, Szymon Józef Bellotti) became Royal Architect to the King of Poland and took part in designing some of Warsaw's most important landmarks (:pl:Józef Szymon Bellotti). The palace they built for themselves was named after their native island, "Muranów" — a Polish pronunciation of "Murano". This palace eventually gave its name to the entire surrounding district. Muranów was and remains one of Warsaw's most well known areas, especially associated with the city's Jewish history.
Geography
Murano is composed of seven islands in the Venetian Lagoon, linked by bridges over eight channels.
Economy
Weakness in the economy has affected Murano but some 260 companies remain in operation, employing 1,100 staff members (2016 data) and the island receives numerous tourists.
See also
List of islands of Italy
Murano Lighthouse
Murano Beads
Murano glass
Venetian glass
Stazione Sperimentale del Vetro (Experimental Station for Glass)
Muranów
Nissan Murano
Murano Wine //https://www.muranowine.com/
Notes
On 8 July 1797 was published the first comprehensive history book "Notizie Istorico-geografiche Murano", 1797. about the history of Murano.
External links
Promovetro consortium
Regione del Veneto — Official owner of "Marchio Vetro Artistico di Murano"
Murano description from lifeinitaly.com
Islands of the Venetian Lagoon
Geography of Venice
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Venice
20th-century establishments in Venice
Former municipalities of Veneto
Kirtsik (; Kaitag: Гъирцӏиччи) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kirtsiksky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 96 as of 2010.
Geography
Kirtsik is located 26 km south of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Varsit and Shuragat are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Mesitornis is a genus of birds in the family Mesitornithidae. Its two members. the white-breasted mesite and the brown mesite are endemic to Madagascar and both species are classified as vulnerable on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red list of Threatened species. A third species is also called a mesite, (the subdesert mesite) is the single member of the genus Monias.
Species
Mesitornis
There are two species, the brown mesite (Mesitornis unicolor) and the white-breasted mesite (Mesitornis variegatus). They are medium-sized birds to respectively and are considered to look like the rails; a family (Rallidae) in which the mesites are sometimes placed. Both species are ground-nesting and move slowly amongst the undergrowth searching in the leaf litter for invertebrates.
The brown mesite is secretive and rarely seen, they live in undisturbed primary, evergreen, humid forest along the eastern coast of Mozambique, from Marojejy National Park in the north to Tôlanaro to the south. Their dark plumage provides camouflage amongst the leaf-litter, in the shady undergrowth.
The white-breasted mesite lives in small groups of two to four, usually an adult breeding pair and recent young. It is found in dry deciduous forest, within five sites in the north and west of Madagascar and one site in the east.
A third bird, also known as a mesite, is the subdesert mesite which grows to tall and is also ′rail-like′. The bird lives in small groups, and can be found in sub-desert spiny forests in a long and wide coastal strip, between the Fiherenana and Mangoky rivers.
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Arvada High School is a public secondary school operated by Jefferson County School District R-1 in Arvada, Colorado, United States.
Demographics
Arvada High's student body has the following racial demographics:
History
The first high school classes in Arvada commenced in 1900 at Zephyr and Grandview. Known as the Arvada School (it was renamed Lawrence Elementary School in 1955), local high school students attended classes there until a permanent high school was built in 1920. The first Arvada High School was located at 7225 Ralston Road and served students until 1955. The building served as a junior high school until 1984 and was demolished in 1986. A new building at 5751 Balsam Street served students until 1971, when the school's current building was completed at 7951 W. 65th Avenue and the Balsam Street location became Arvada Junior High School.
In the early 1920s, the school adopted the team name "Redskins". This was challenged in 1993 as derogatory and the new name "Reds" was adopted by a 2–1 margin in voting. The school subsequently adopted a bulldog as its new mascot.
Curriculum
Since 2006, Arvada High School has been home to the district's North Area Option School, a rigorous college preparatory program. Many advanced placement classes are also available. Program classes are taught by Arvada High School instructors and 50% of the available enrollment is for Arvada High students.
Extracurricular activities
Arvada High School fields teams in interscholastic competition in baseball, basketball, cross-country, golf, soccer, softball, swimming, diving, tennis, track and field, volleyball and wrestling.
The school's percussion ensemble was the winner of the WGI World Percussion Championships in 1998).
Notable alumni
Tagg Bozied (1997), professional baseball player
Joanne Conte
Joe Decamillis (1983), American Football Coach, Special Teams Coordinator (Denver Broncos)
Cliff Olander, player of gridiron football
Chris Sanders (1980), animator, co-director of Lilo & Stitch
Barclay F Corbus class of 84.
Director of overstock.com
Senior V.P. Clean Energy Fuels
And more.
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1900
Public high schools in Colorado
Jefferson County Public Schools (Colorado)
Arvada, Colorado
Schools in Jefferson County, Colorado
1900 establishments in Colorado
Mangi Khurd is a village of Rajura Taluka Chandrapur District Maharashtra and under Gram panchayat Mangi Bk in Chandrapur District Maharashtra, India
Population
As of a 2011 Census, the village has 200 families and a population of 848. Of these, 437 are male while the females number 411. There are 63 children aged 0–6 years in this village. Of these, 30 are boys and 33 are girls.
Development
Mangi Khurd is a smart village under Gram panchayat Mangi Bk. Received a prize of Rs 11 lakh as a smart village. Sant Gage Baba cleanliness award received a prize of Rs. 8 lakh.
Awards
Smart Village Award
Sant Gage Baba Cleanliness Award
R.R Patil Smart Gram Village Award
Transport
Road
Gadchandur town is well connected to nearby villages by village roads.
Rail
Ballarpur is the nearest railway station to village.
Air
Nagpur Airport is the nearest airport to village.
Schools
Z.P Primary High School Mangi Kh
Government Post Bacis Ashram School Mangi Kh
See also
List of village in Rajura taluka
Rajura taluka
Chandrapur district
References
External links
Villages in Chandrapur district
The Women Couldn't Care Less or Dames Get Along (French: Les femmes s'en balancent) is a 1954 French crime film directed by Bernard Borderie and starring Eddie Constantine, Nadia Gray and Dominique Wilms. It features Peter Cheyney's fictional American detective Lemmy Caution.
Plot
Lemmy Caution is assigned to investigate undercover.
Cast
Eddie Constantine as Lemmy Caution
Nadia Gray as Henrietta Aymes, Granworth's wife
Dominique Wilms as Paulette Bénito
Jacques Castelot as Granworth Aymes
Robert Burnier as police chief Metts
Robert Berri as Fernandez / Jean Termiglio
Darío Moreno as Perera
Nicolas Vogel as Jim Maloney
François Perrot as Langdon Nurdell
Paul Azaïs as guard
Guy Henri as Daredo
Pascale Roberts as Casa Antica's Seller
Georgette Anys as Mrs. Martinguez
Gil Delamare as Sagers
References
Bibliography
Michel Marie. The French New Wave: An Artistic School. John Wiley & Sons, 2008.
External links
1954 films
French crime films
1954 crime films
1950s French-language films
Films directed by Bernard Borderie
Films based on British novels
French sequel films
Pathé films
French black-and-white films
1950s French films
Behind the Wall is a 2008 horror film directed by Paul Schneider. It stars Lindy Booth, Lawrence Dane, James Thomas in the lead roles.
The film is about a lighthouse in the town of Hinderson Bay which is haunted by an evil spirit from Katelyn's past. Once its basement is broken open, new bloodshed starts, and the horrible truth about the past is gradually unveiled.
Plot
For several generations the Parks family lived on a quiet hillside where Katelyn's grandfather and their father were keepers to the town's lighthouse. At the age of ten, Katelyn watched their mom enter the basement in their lighthouse home where minutes later they were brutally beaten and found dying on the floor. Them father, Christopher, was arrested and convicted for the killing, and Katelyn placed in foster care out of town. The murder drove Christopher into madness and they were sentenced to a mental institution, where they later died. Katelyn never had a chance to speak to their father since that horrible night.
Twenty years later, Katelyn receives a mysterious letter which brings them back to the lighthouse home they swore they would never return to again. Maine coastal town Harrison Bay is broke, so deputy mayor Drew Cabot arranges a deal with a contractor to develop the abandoned lighthouse for tourism. Father Hendry fails to convince the town council to veto the project. The town wants to open the lighthouse back up but someone from Katelyn's foggy past warns them to stop them! What they don't tell them is "why". Katelyn is forced to confront the evil that lurks within the lighthouse when some of the developers slowly begin to disappear. What they discover is a family secret long buried by their grandfather. They must now unearth the truth and find a way to stop the nightmare which surrounds the lighthouse.
Cast
Lindy Booth as Katelyn Parks
Julia Kennedy as 8 year old Katelyn
Lawrence Dane as Father Hendry
James Thomas as Drew Cabot
Andy Jones as Ray Sanders
Brad Hodder as Eric Carrinton
Suzie Pollard as Monica
Jody Richardson as Triggs Herman
Mike Daly as Christopher Parks
Danny McLeod as Leon Ferguson
Ruth Lawrence as Elaine
Paul Rowe as Police Officer
Geraldine Hollett as Tessa
Sean Panting as Local
Donnie Coady as Ridley Parks
References
External links
2008 films
2008 horror films
2000s supernatural horror films
American supernatural horror films
Canadian supernatural horror films
Films set in Maine
American haunted house films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Paul Schneider (director)
Works set in lighthouses
2000s American films
2000s Canadian films
John Wattie was Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1948 to 1953.
They were educated at King's College London and ordained in 1909. After curacies in Clapton Park and Aberdeen they held incumbencies in Kirkwall, Cambuslang, Dundee and Aboyne until their appointment as Dean.
Notes
Alumni of King's College London
Associates of King's College
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
was a Japanese army aviator and flying ace known for achieving the highest number of victories over Boeing B-29 Superfortresses. They claimed to have shot down 26 of the heavy bombers; 7 were later confirmed.
Career
Kashiide was born in February 1915 in the seacoast town of Kashiwazaki, Kariwa District, Niigata Prefecture, Japan. In February 1934, they enrolled as a cadet in the Imperial Japanese Army flying school in Tokorozawa, Saitama. They graduated in November 1935, then entered fighter pilot school at Akeno Army Flying School northeast of Ise, Mie. Their first squadron assignment was the 1st Rentai, probably flying the Kawasaki Ki-10 biplane. Kashiide was posted to China in July 1938 with the 59th Sentai, flying the Nakajima Ki-27 Type 97 Nate fighter, but they saw little action in the Hankou area. In September 1939, they fought in the final Battles of Khalkhin Gol in Mongolia. During one sortie on 15 September, they fought against eight Polikarpov I-16s, downing two then breaking from the remaining six by flying away at tree-top altitude. They claimed a total of seven aerial victories in Mongolia to become a flying ace. Their air unit was ordered back to Hankou.
In early 1940, Kashiide was assigned to the 4th Sentai. This unit moved to Formosa (now known as Taiwan), to provide air defense. In December 1940, Kashiide enrolled as an officer candidate in the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force Academy northwest of Tokyo. They graduated in July 1941 and was given a commission as second lieutenant in October. Kashiide performed defense duties in the venerable Type 97 fighter until the start of the Pacific War in December 1941. Kashiide assisted with the invasion of the Philippines but did not increase their number of aerial victories. After returning home to Kozuki Airfield, they were promoted to lieutenant in April 1943.
In mid-1943, Kashiide transitioned to fly the Kawasaki Ki-45 Toryu (Dragon Slayer), a powerful twin-engine fighter heavily armed with one 37 mm and two 20 mm autocannon. Defending against the first attacks by Boeing B-29 Superfortresses bombing the Japan Home Islands, on 15–16 June 1944 during the Bombing of Yawata, Kashiide claimed two B-29s and possibly a third. On 20 August 1944, they claimed three B-29s downed and three more damaged, among the 14 B-29s lost on the mission. They developed a preference for frontal assault on the B-29, aiming at the nose of the aircraft, much as many earlier Luftwaffe pilots had done in attacking Eighth Air Force B-17 Flying Fortresses in the European Theater; they trained other flyers to use their style of attack.
Flying over Tokyo on 27 January 1945, Kashiide attacked a B-29 and disabled it with one shot to the nose. On 27 March 1945, they downed three B-29s and damaged others. On 8 May 1945, Kashiide was awarded the Bukosho B-Class (the Badge of Courage) by Lieutenant General Isamu Yokoyama, citing the 27 March action. In the next month they were promoted to the rank of captain.
Legacy
After the war, Kashiide's claim of 26 B-29s and 7 Soviet fighters was disputed by other pilots and historians. A total of 7 B-29s and 2 Soviet I-16s is generally accepted as confirmed.
On 17 September 1985 Kashiide shook hands with the navigator of the B-29 they shot down in January 1945: Raymond F. "Hap" Halloran. Halloran parachuted from their stricken aircraft to land in Japan and become a prisoner of war. Halloran survived the experience and returned 40 years later to seek closure over their wartime experiences. The two men met in Kashiide's hometown (Kashiwazaki, Niigata) where Kashiide was living quietly in retirement.
References
1915 births
2003 deaths
Japanese World War II flying aces
Japanese Army officers
Military personnel from Niigata Prefecture
In computing, WYSIWYG ( ), an acronym for What You See Is What You Get, is a system in which editing software allows content to be edited in a form that resembles its appearance when printed or displayed as a finished product, such as a printed document, web page, or slide presentation. WYSIWYG implies a user interface that allows the user to view something very similar to the end result while the document is being created. In general, WYSIWYG implies the ability to directly manipulate the layout of a document without having to type or remember names of layout commands.
History
Before the adoption of WYSIWYG techniques, text appeared in editors using the system standard typeface and style with little indication of layout (margins, spacing, etc.). Users were required to enter special non-printing control codes (now referred to as markup code tags) to indicate that some text should be in boldface, italics, or a different typeface or size. In this environment there was very little distinction between text editors and word processors.
These applications typically used an arbitrary markup language to define the codes/tags. Each program had its own special way to format a document, and it was a difficult and time-consuming process to change from one word processor to another.
The use of markup tags and codes remains popular today in some applications due to their ability to store complex formatting information. When the tags are made visible in the editor, however, they occupy space in the unformatted text, and as a result can disrupt the desired layout and flow.
Bravo, a document preparation program for the Alto produced at Xerox PARC by Butler Lampson, Charles Simonyi and colleagues in 1974, is generally considered to be the first program to incorporate the WYSIWYG technology, displaying text with formatting (e.g. with justification, fonts, and proportional spacing of characters). The Alto monitor (72 PPI, based on the typographic unit) was designed so that one full page of text could be seen and then printed on the first laser printers. When the text was laid out on the screen, 72 PPI font metric files were used, but when printed, 300 PPI files were used. As a result, one would occasionally find characters and words that are slightly off—a problem that would continue up to this day.
Bravo was released commercially, and the software eventually included in the Xerox Star can be seen as a direct descendant of it.
In late 1978, in parallel with but independent of the work at Xerox PARC, Hewlett Packard developed and released the first commercial WYSIWYG software application for producing overhead slides (or what today are referred to as presentation graphics). The first release, named BRUNO (after an HP sales training puppet), ran on the HP 1000 minicomputer, taking advantage of HP 2640—HP's first bitmapped computer terminal. BRUNO was then ported to the HP-3000 and re-released as "HP Draw".
By 1981, MicroPro advertised that its WordStar word processor had WYSIWYG, but its display was limited to displaying styled text in WYSIWYG fashion; bold and italic text would be represented on screen, instead of being surrounded by tags or special control characters. In 1983, the Weekly Reader advertised its Stickybear educational software with the slogan "what you see is what you get", with photographs of its Apple II graphics, but home computers of the 1970s and early 1980s lacked the sophisticated graphics capabilities necessary to display WYSIWYG documents, meaning that such applications were usually confined to limited-purpose, high-end workstations (such as the IBM Displaywriter System) that were too expensive for the general public to afford. As improving technology allowed the production of cheaper bitmapped displays, WYSIWYG software started to appear in more popular computers, including LisaWrite for the Apple Lisa, released in 1983, and MacWrite for the Apple Macintosh, released in 1984.
The Apple Macintosh system was originally designed so that the screen resolution and the resolution of the ImageWriter dot-matrix printers sold by Apple were easily scaled: 72 PPI for the screen and 144 DPI for the printers. Thus, the scale and dimensions of the on-screen display in programs such as MacWrite and MacPaint were easily translated to the printed output. If the paper were held up to the screen, the printed image would be the same size as the on-screen image, but at twice the resolution. As the ImageWriter was the only model of printer physically compatible with the Macintosh printer port, this created an effective closed system. Later, when Macs using external displays became available, the resolution was fixed to the size of the screen to achieve 72 DPI. These resolutions often differed from the VGA-standard resolutions common in the PC world at the time. Thus, while a Macintosh monitor had the same 640 × 480 resolution as a PC, a screen would be fixed at 832 × 624 rather than the 800 × 600 resolution used by PCs. With the introduction of third-party dot-matrix printers as well as laser printers and multisync monitors, resolutions deviated from even multiples of the screen resolution, making true WYSIWYG harder to achieve.
Etymology
The phrase "what you see is what you get," from which the acronym derives, was a catchphrase popularized by Flip Wilson's drag persona Geraldine, first appearing in September 1969, then regularly in the early 1970s on The Flip Wilson Show. The phrase was a statement demanding acceptance of Geraldine's entire personality and appearance.
Multiple hit songs and albums debuted in 1971 that could have also contributed to popularizing this phrase including "What You See Is What You Get" by Stoney & Meatloaf, Stand by Me (Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get) by Bernard Purdie, and Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get by The Dramatics.
As it relates to computing, there are multiple claims to first use of the phrase:
Around 1974, Karen Thacker, the technophobe wife of Xerox hardware designer Charles "Chuck" Thacker, was introduced to a Xerox Alto running Bravo, and commented, "You mean, what I see is what I get?"
In mid-1975, John W. Seybold, the founder of Seybold Publications, and researchers at PARC, incorporated Gypsy software into Bravo to create Bravo 3, which allowed text to be printed as displayed. Charles Simonyi and the other engineers appropriated Flip Wilson's popular phrase around that time.
Barbara Beeton reports that the term was coined by Bill Tunnicliffe, in a presentation at a 1978 committee meeting involving the Graphic Communications Association (GCA), the American Mathematical Society (AMS), and the Printing Industries of America (PIA).
Variations
Many variations are used only to illustrate a point or make a joke, and have very limited real use. Some that have been proposed include the following:
WYGIWYG; what you get is what you get, often used in a similar way to WYSIAYG, WYSIMOLWYG, or WYSINWYW.
WYGIWYS, what you get is what you see, used in computing to describe an interaction paradigm in results-oriented user interface. The term was used by Jakob Nielsen to describe Microsoft Office 2007's "Ribbon" interface
WYSIAWYG; what you see is almost what you get, similar to WYSIMOLWYG.
WYSIAYG, what you see is all you get, used to point out that advanced users are sometimes limited by the user interface.
WYSIMOLWYG, what you see is more or less what you get, recognizing that most WYSIWYG implementations are imperfect.
WYSINWOG, what you see is not what others get, a reminder that it's wise to consider that different browsers often render content in different ways.
WYSINWYW, what you see is not what you want, suggesting that Microsoft Word often controls the user, not the other way around
WYSIWYW, what you see is what you want, used to describe GNU TeXmacs editing platform. The abbreviation clarifies that unlike in WYSIWYG editors, the user is able to customize WYSIWYW platforms to act (possibly in part) as manual typesetting programs such as TeX or troff.
YAFIYGI, you asked for it you got it, used to describe a text-command oriented document editing system that does not include WYSIWYG, in reference to the fact that users of such systems often ask for something they did not really want. It is considered to be the opposite of WYSIWYG. The phrase was first used in this context in 1983 in the essay Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal to describe the TECO text editor system, and began to be abbreviated circa 1993.
See also
DWIM
Comparison of HTML editors
List of HTML editors
Visual editor
VisualEditor, an online rich-text editor for MediaWiki-powered wikis
References
External links
The Jargon File entry for WYSIWYG
What has WYSIWYG done to us? – Critical paper about the negative effects the introduction of WYSIWYG has had as of 1996.
XML: WYSIWYG to WYSIWYM – A brief look at XML document authoring An article on existing XML authoring software (May 2005)
ATPM.com's WYSIWYG: Is it What You Want?
User interfaces
Computing acronyms
Word processors
Presentation software
Editing software
Alna is a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway. It is named after the River Alna, which flows through it.
The borough consists of the following neighborhoods:
Alnabru
Ellingsrud
Furuset
Haugerud
Hellerud
Lindeberg
Trosterud
Tveita
Demographics
As of January 1, 2020, there were 49,801 people living in the borough. Of these, 24,943 (50.1%) were male. There were 1,495 immigrants from Western countries and 24,943 from Non-Western countries (50%). The countries from where most immigrants originated were Pakistan (5,060), Turkey (1,500), Sri Lanka (1,161), the former Yugoslavia (1,078), and Somalia (756). There were 641 births in the borough in 2018, and 341 deaths. The same year 6,875 people moved into the borough, while 6,767 moved out. In 2018, the average gross income for the borough was NOK 394,000, somewhat lower than the average for the city of NOK 529,400.
Politics
As a borough of Oslo, Alna is governed by the city council of Oslo as well as its own borough council. The council leader is Mari Morken from the Labour Party and the deputy leader is Sunniva Bratsberg, of the Socialist Left Party. The Labour Party has the most seats. The 15 seats are distributed among the following political parties for the 2019-2023 term:
• 6 from the Labour Party (Arbeiderpartiet)
• 2 from the Progress Party (Fremskrittspartiet)
• 2 from the Conservative Party (Høyre)
• 2 from the Red Party (Rødt)
• 2 from the Socialist Left Party (Sosialistisk Venstreparti)
• 1 from the Green Party (Miljøpartiet de Grønne)
References
Boroughs of Oslo
Ethnic enclaves in Norway
Charles Nicolas Lacretelle (1822–1891) was a French general and statesman born in Pont-à-Mousson (Meurthe-et-Moselle, France) on 30 October 1822.
Military career
Charles Nicolas entered the Promotion de la Nécéssité at the French military academy of École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr on 20 April 1841. After graduating on 1 April 1843, they joined as lieutenant the French Foreign Legion.
1st Algerian Campaign – They were sent to the Oran Division (Algeria) near Sidi Bel Abbès, where many of their siblings lived at the time. In 1852 after the battle of the Tigre, they received from the Minister of War, Maréchal Saint-Arnaud a citation for their courage in combat. Promoted instantly to the rank of Captain they were awarded the Knighthood of the Légion d'Honneur.
1st Russian Campaign – During the Russian War in June 1854, they were part of the Bataillon Etranger (French Foreign Battalion) detached to the Canrobert Division and took part in the Battle of Alma. After being wounded at Lukermann, they were promoted Battalion Commander at the 2nd Zouave Regiment and became Officer of the Légion d'Honneur. Wounded again on 18 June 1855 (Affaire Malakoff) they were on 30 June promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel at the 19th Line Infantry Regiment. On 30 December 1857, they became Colonel of the 31st Line Infantry Regiment.
Italian Campaign – In 1859 Colonel Lacretelle was transferred to the Zouave Regiment of the Guard and took part in the Campagne d'Italie (1859). They were awarded the title of Commander of the Légion d'Honneur on 12 August 1861. Lacretelle was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General on 13 August 1865.
2nd Algerian Campaign – In 1866, General Lacretelle was again sent back to North Africa to take command of the operations in the South of Algeria.
1870–71 War – Attached to the 4th Division of the 1st Army Corp under the command of Marechal Mac-Mahon, they were commander of the "Le Mans" Sub-Division in 1870 and took part in the battle of Frœschwiller, where their Brigade was only composed of the 3rd Tirailleur Algérien Regiment. During this battle, they occupied the extreme right flank of the French forces next to Morsbronn, well known for the Charges of the 8th and 9th Cuirassier and the 6th Lancer Regiments. Being promoted Général de Division on 23 August, they took command of a 12th Corp Division in Sedan.
Aftermath – After the capitulation of France at Sedan on 2 September 1870, General Lacretelle was held prisoner in Germany. Upon their return to France, they took command of the 3rd Division of the Versailles 2nd Army Corp during the second Siege of Paris and took part of the Military Operations against the Commune. They later participated to the reorganization of the Army while commanding the 19th Division (2nd Army Corp). For their services, they were awarded the title of "Grand Officier" of the Légion d'Honneur on 21 April 1874 before retiring from active duty.
Political career
1888–1891 – Mayor of Beaucouzé (Council of Angers) and Deputy of Maine-et-Loire, France
Lacretelle was elected deputy of Maine-et-Loire by a large majority 61,782 votes against 29,542 (for David d'Angers) and 12.015 (for the General Boulanger) on 26 February 1888. Taking place at Right Royalist wing on the French Parliament, they took an active part in the legislation regarding the new Military Law and proposed the indefinite adjournment of a Revision of the French Constitution. They also are a fervent opponent against:
The establishing of the voting by district proposed system on 11 February 1889
The legal pursuits against the three deputies of the Ligue des Patriotes
The proposed lawsuit against General Boulanger
The Eugene Lisbonne Law Project defining the freedom of press
They were re-elected in the Baugé circumscription at the second round of the general election on 6 October 1889.
Note: Lacretelle's political and military career was well officially documented by the Biographie de Charles Nicolas Lacretelle extraite du dictionnaire des parlementaires français de 1789 à 1889 (A.Robert et G.Cougny)
Private and public life
Their father Louis François-Marie Lacretelle (1784–1859) was a colonel during the 1st French Empire and a hero of the Napoleonic Wars during the Sieges of Saragossa in 1808 and 1809. They were swarded the ranks of officer of the Légion d'Honneur and the Knighthood of the Order of St-Louis. They married Adelaide Duhem (1799–?) giving birth to four children:
Louis Nicolas Lacretelle (1818–1887)
Nicolas Eugène Lacretelle (1821–1859)
Charles Nicolas Lacretelle (1822–1891)
Clémentine Lacretelle
Lacretelle was a lieutenant colonel when they married Valérie Marie Guilhem (1835–1912) on 18 May 1857. Some years later, one of their best friends General Émile Armand Gibon (1813–1870) was wounded in action and died the following days. Charles Nicolas and their wife decided to adopt the General's children, Louis Charles Emile Gibon-Guilhem (1862–1945) and Laure Helen Marguerite Gibon (1869–1957) who later became part of their family when they married their nephew Charles Louis Lacretelle (1859–1915) the son of their brother Louis Nicolas on 26 January 1891. As Mayor of Beaucouzé they personally recorded the birth of their daughter Marie-Valérie on 1 November 1891 just days before they died.
Charles Nicolas Lacretelle was also known to be severe but fair, friendly and distant as conditions required with their soldiers and colleagues. They corresponded regularly in several languages when necessary (French, German, Italian, Arabic and English). When out of duties, they loved to spend most of their free time with their family riding or wine testing as well as restoring their chateau near Angers but mostly writing books.
Probably due to their past military wounds, Lacretelle's health was deteriorating. They died in their "Chateau de Molière" on 14 November 1891 at the age of 69.
Their name was given to several French streets of which:
Rue du Général Charles Lacretelle in Beaucouzé (49)
Rue Lacretelle in Mâcon
Bibliography
As well as political publications, Lacretelle published several books and essays. One of their books published in 1868 was De l'Algérie au point de vue de la crise actuelle. "
During their last years, and with the help of Marie de Sardent, they also wrote their memoirs which were published after their death in 1907 (with a misspelled first name) by Emile-Paul Editions.
Lacretelle Family
Charles Nicolas Lacretelle was part of a large family which took their ancient origins in Sweden. The first French recorded family member was Nicolas Lacretelle born in 1659. The family has since produced French magistrates and statesmen as well as military commanders, poets and writers. From genealogy researches made by their most directly related descendant (3 times great nephew) Geoffroy Gaillard de Saint Germain, it is now possible to establish parenthood with some other famous members of the Lacretelle family such as:
Jean-Charles Dominique de LACRETELLE (Charles's third cousin, once removed). French historian and Journalist (1766–1855)
Pierre-Louis Lacretelle (Charles's third cousin, once removed) French lawyer, politician and writer (1751–1824).
Jacques de Lacretelle (Charles's fourth cousin, twice removed). French Novelist (1888–1985)
References
French generals
1822 births
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
1891 deaths
French military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
FG Virginis is a well-studied variable star in the equatorial constellation of Virgo. It is a dim star, near the lower limit of visibility to the naked eye, with an apparent visual magnitude that ranges from 6.53 down to 6.58. The star is located at a distance of 273.5 light years from the Sun based on parallax measurements, and is drifting further away with a radial velocity of +16 km/s. Because of its position near the ecliptic, it is subject to lunar occultations.
The variability of this star was first reported by O. J. Eggen in 1971, who classified it as an ultra-short period cepheid – a proposed category of pulsating stars in the instability strip. It was subsequently grouped in the class of Delta Scuti variables, which show a pulsation period of less than a day. Observations in 1984 by P. Lopez de Coca showed at least one pulsation period with a cycle of . L. Mantegazza and associates in 1994 were able to detect seven or more pulsation modes, with the previously detected dominant mode being a radial pulsation with a frequency of 12.72 cycles per day.
The star became of interest to astroseismology study because of its relatively slow rotation rate and the numerous modes of pulsation. A multi-site campaign involving the Whole Earth Telescope network was conducted in 1993 to observe this star, which detected ten modes. This was increased to 24 frequencies in 1998, then 67 independent frequencies with 79 total by 2005. Evidence suggests there are many more such modes.
This is an A-type main-sequence star with a stellar classification of A8/9V, but is near the end of its main sequence lifetime. It is classified as a Delta Scuti variable that varies in brightness with an amplitude of 0.040 in visual magnitude and a period of . Element abundances are similar to the Sun, although there is a slight overabundance of barium and underabundances of sulfur and carbon. It has a projected rotational velocity of 21 km/s, but the actual rotational velocity is likely much higher at around 80 km/s.
References
Further reading
A-type main-sequence stars
Delta Scuti variables
Virgo (constellation)
BD−04 3235
106384
059676
Virginis, FG
St. Thomas (SPG) Church is one of the oldest churches in the city of Secunderabad, India. The church was built in the year 1852 by the British missionary society called the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. The church is a prominent structure situated in close proximity to Secunderabad Railway Station.
History
The church was built in 1852. The church possessed extensive lands much of which were bought by the British government of Secunderabad in order to build the existing Secunderabad Railway Station. The church now serves a Telugu and Tamil congregation
Architecture
The church is built in the Gothic Revival style that was popular during the Victorian era. However the exterior of the church is simple with the bell tower abutting the Altar. The layout of the church is a cruciform with a nave and two transepts. The altarpiece of the church is a stained glass window depicting Christ the Good Shepherd.
See also
List of churches in Secunderabad and Hyderabad
St. Mary's Church, Secunderabad
Secunderabad
References
Churches in Secunderabad
Anglican cathedrals in India
Richard Jamieson Scott (born 1938), also known as Dick Scott, is a Canadian jurist who served as Chief Justice of Manitoba. In that capacity, they presided over the Manitoba Court of Appeal from 1990 to 2013. Among their most notable decisions are those in the cases Rebenchuk v Rebenchuk (2007), Manitoba Métis Federation Inc v Canada (Attorney General) et al. (2010), O'Brien v Tyrone Enterprises Ltd (2012), and, while they were on the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba, R v Lavallee.
Early life and career
Scott was born on March 20, 1938, and raised in St. Vital, Manitoba, in what has since become a neighbourhood of Winnipeg. They had wanted to become a test pilot, but as their eyesight was not good enough, they turned to law. They attended the University of Manitoba, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1959 and a Bachelor of Laws degree and a Governor General's Academic Gold Medal in 1963. They married their wife Mary with whom they went on to have three daughters.
Scott had started working for Thompson, Dilts, Jones, Hall, Dewar & Ritchie in 1961 and became an associate following their call to the bar in May 1963. They later became a partner in the firm (which adopted their current name, Thompson Dorfman Sweatman, in 1973) and was appointed as Queen's Counsel in 1976. They were the chairperson of the civil litigation subsections of the Canadian Bar Association and the Manitoba Bar Association from 1975 to 1978, they sat on the board Legal Aid Manitoba from 1976 to 1982, and they were a bencher of the Law Society of Manitoba from 1980 to 1984, serving as its president from 1983 to 1984.
Court of Queen's Bench
Scott stayed with Thompson Dorfman Sweatman until 1985 when they were appointed to the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba. They appointed to the bench on June 28, 1985, and was promoted to be the Associate Chief Justice of the court three months later on October 4.
In 1990, they served as the trial judge in R v Lavallee, a case which was ultimately heard by the Supreme Court of Canada and which granted legal recognition to battered woman syndrome as a defence. The decision has been described by legal scholar Richard F. Devlin as "monumental".
Chief Justiceship
On July 31, 1990, Scott was appointed to the Manitoba Court of Appeal as the tenth Chief Justice of Manitoba, succeeding Alfred Monnin.
O'Brien v Tyrone Enterprises
Among Scott's most notable decisions while sitting on the Court of Appeal was in O'Brien v Tyrone Enterprises (2012). In the personal injury case, the plaintiff's lawyers were representing them for a contingency fee and were "not prepared to front the costs of the medical and actuarial witnesses who would be required when the issues of damages were addressed unless the defendant was found to be liable." As the plaintiff's only income was the $7,000–7,400 per year which they received from their disability pension through the Canada Pension Plan, the plaintiff could not cover these costs themselves and therefore applied for severance of the civil trial on liability and damages.
Such applications are rarely granted in Manitoba, in accordance with Justice Guy Joseph Kroft's decision in Investors Syndicate v Pro-Fund Distributors Ltd which held that it is the "normal preference of the court ... to hear and determine all issues at one time and to discourage the piecemeal trial of actions." However, Kroft acknowledged that severance may be granted in "appropriate circumstances" and provided a series of considerations that should be weighed by judges. Taking this into consideration, the motions judge, Justice Albert L. Clearwater, overturned the decision of the master and allowed the application, holding that "this is an 'access to justice' issue. Litigants in the economic position of this plaintiff, absent any evidence or suggestion that their claim is frivolous or vexatious or otherwise without merit, have little or no ability to fund the cost of litigation in today's economy."
Scott dismissed an appeal of the severance, citing the "modernization" of the Court of Queen's Bench Rules that took place since Investors Syndicate (including the amendment of rule 1.04(1), under the heading "General principles", to read "These rules shall be liberally construed to secure the just, most expeditious and least expensive determination of every civil proceeding on its merits") and the "trend, or evolution, in [the jurisprudence of other] provinces towards a more liberal approach to severance" with which they agreed. They wrote:
Post-judicial career
Scott retired from the Court of Appeal on March 1, 2013, less than three weeks before they reached the mandatory retirement age of 75 years. Following their retirement from the bench, they joined Hill Sokalski Walsh Olson as counsel on February 2, 2015, where they conduct an arbitration and mediation practice.
In July 2017, they were appointed to the Supreme Court Advisory Board by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. The board's mandate is to provide an independent, merit-based recommendation to fill the vacancy created by the upcoming retirement of Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Further reading
1938 births
20th-century Canadian lawyers
20th-century Canadian judges
21st-century Canadian lawyers
21st-century Canadian judges
Arbitrators
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Chief justices
Judges in Manitoba
Lawyers in Manitoba
Living people
Members of the Order of Manitoba
Officers of the Order of Canada
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
University of Manitoba alumni
The white-headed babbler or Cretzschmar's babbler (Turdoides leucocephala) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Sudan.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. Its name is sometimes confused with the yellow-billed babbler, which is alternatively called the white-headed babbler.
The name commemorates the German physician and scientist Philipp Jakob Cretzschmar who founded the Senckenberg Natural History Museum.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
white-headed babbler
Birds of East Africa
white-headed babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
white-headed babbler
Kuga () is a former settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia. It is now part of the village of Drtija. The area is part of the traditional region of Upper Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Geography
Kuga lies southwest of the village center of Drtija, below the northwest slope of the Slivna Plateau.
History
Kuga was annexed by Drtija in 1952, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
References
External links
Kuga (unmarked) with Podbrdo at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Moravče
Former settlements in Slovenia
is a former Japanese football player.
Club statistics
References
External links
Fagiano Okayama
1989 births
Living people
Association football people from Kōchi Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
JEF United Chiba players
Fagiano Okayama players
Association football defenders
Imperata is a small but widespread genus of tropical and subtropical grasses, commonly known as satintails.
Satintail grass species are perennial rhizomatous herbs with solid, erect stems and silky inflorescences. The best known species is Imperata cylindrica, which is recognized as a devastating noxious weed in many places and cultivated as an ornamental plant in others.
The genus is named after Ferrante Imperato, a Renaissance apothecary who lived in Naples in the late-16th and early-17th centuries. Their collection included a herbarium.
Species
Imperata brasiliensis - South + Central America, West Indies, southern Mexico
Imperata brevifolia - southwestern US (CA AZ NV UT NM TX)
Imperata cheesemanii - Kermadec Islands (part of New Zealand)
Imperata condensata - Argentina, Chile
Imperata conferta - plumegrass, kunay grass - Southeast Asia, Papuasia, Micronesia
Imperata contracta - guayanilla - South + Central America, West Indies, southern Mexico
Imperata cylindrica - bladygrass, cogongrass, speargrass, silver-spike - Africa, southern Europe, southwestern Asia; introduced in central and eastern Asia, North America, various islands
Imperata flavida - Hainan Province in China
Imperata minutiflora - Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Argentina
Imperata parodii - southern Chile
Imperata tenuis - Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Brazil, Corrientes Province of Argentina
formerly included
see Cinna Lagurus Miscanthus Saccharum
Imperata eulalioides - Miscanthus sacchariflorus
Imperata exaltata - Tripidium arundinaceum
Imperata klaga - Saccharum spontaneum
Imperata ovata - Lagurus ovatus
Imperata saccharifera - Cinna arundinacea
Imperata sacchariflora - Miscanthus sacchariflorus
Imperata sara - Tripidium bengalense (syn. Saccharum bengalense)
Imperata spontanea - Saccharum spontaneum
Imperata tinctoria - Miscanthus tinctorius
References
Panicoideae
Poaceae genera
Loons: The Fight for Fame is a cel-shaded fighting video game based on the classic Looney Tunes series. It was developed by Warthog Games, published by Infogrames, and released for the Xbox in 2002.
Gameplay
The gameplay is somewhat similar to Capcom's Power Stone games where four characters fight against each other in an arena with the aim being to knock opponents out. Each arena contains gizmos, which can be used against opponents, such as spring-loaded boxing gloves, falling anvils, and other Acme-related products.
A unique element is the star power system. Activating items and picking up scripts strewn about the arenas will fill a star meter. Attaining a full star meter can activate a minigame, most of which parody popular arcade classics such as Marvin the Martian in Galaxy Invaders parodying Space Invaders and Temple Run parodying Pac-Man. Sometimes, these serve as requirements during a one-player game mode.
Story
Rocky and Mugsy, a pair of gangster antagonists from the Looney Tunes cartoon series, try to ruin a film studio through making extremely expensive movies so that they can buy all the studio's stock very cheaply. The two hire Yosemite Sam to be their director and prepare to try to find the worst possible actor to be the star of their movie, with the candidates for the position being the Looney Tunes characters Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Sylvester the Cat, and the Tasmanian Devil.
Development
The game was announced as an Xbox exclusive at E3 2001. The game was initially announced to be developed by an internal team at Infogrames' United Kingdom offices known as "Infogrames Manchester House".
Reception
The game was met with generally mixed to negative reception upon release. The aggregate score on GameRankings is 52.75%, and on Metacritic it is 47 out of 100.
References
External links
2002 video games
Fighting games
Xbox games
Xbox-only games
Infogrames games
Video games featuring Bugs Bunny
Video games featuring Daffy Duck
Video games featuring Sylvester the Cat
Video games featuring the Tasmanian Devil (Looney Tunes)
Video games with cel-shaded animation
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Cartoon Network video games
Aïn Tallout District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Miriam's Flowers is a play by Latina playwright Migdalia Cruz, first published in 1990.
The play takes place in New York City's borough, the Bronx in the 1970s, and details the experiences of the Puerto Rican Nieves family as its members grapple with the death of seven year old Puli Nieves, killed accidentally by a train while attempting to retrieve a baseball from the tracks.
The plot of Miriam's Flowers does not have a linear structure of progression. As it volleys between the past and present time within the context of the play, Miriam's Flowers juxtaposes cheerful, joy-filled memories involving Puli before their untimely death, with the grim realities faced by their surviving family as they all attempt to cope with their loss. Miriam's Flowers incorporates thematic elements centralizing around religious iconography and martyrdom, as well as the devastating manifestations of grief, touching particularly upon depression, self-harm, and suicide
Characters
Miriam Nieves – A Puerto Rican girl of 16
Delfina Nieves – Miriam's Mother, 36
Puli Nieves – Miriam's seven year old brother
Enrique Rojas – Miriam's boyfriend, a grocer, 35
Nando Morales – Delfina's lover, Puli's father, 37
Setting
Set in the South Bronx, the duration of the plot of Miriam's Flowers is described as taking place in the year 1975, from Summer to Winter of that year.
Cruz writes that the set of the play should be dark and simple with the realest elements being the altars, which should be as detailed as possible. With all the candles lit and burning throughout the play, the home altar within the Nieves' apartment should have a statue of San Martin de Porres, with many candles burning (the choice of color optional); the church altar should have a white plaster “Pieta” and have blue candles burning; the funeral home altar should have simple red candles burning. The bathtub and white coffin should appear within the same place on the stage.
Synopsis
The traumatic effect Puli's death has had upon the Nieves family is immediately made apparent as the play opens to Miriam experiencing a nightmare about their brother's death, and Delfina comforting them Puli's manner of death and appearance post-mortem drastically affected the mental health of their family, as they died attempting to retrieve a baseball from the train tracks during a game of catch; their body was badly disfigured by the train accident, resulting in their arm being separated from their body as well as other visible traumas. While Delfina denies the truth of Puli's death, Miriam reflects upon their happy memories with their brother, reminiscing about the times they would sing the songs of Puli's favorite band, the Jackson Five, and talk about their impending destiny as the next Puerto Rican baseball star, calling them the future Roberto Clemente.
While Nando imparts the machismo wisdom to Puli's gravestone that they were unable to share during their son's life, they are consumed by depression and grief, and finds themselves ostracized from their family despite their repeated attempts to emotionally connect with and provide for them.
In an effort to experience the same pain their little brother did during their death, Miriam cuts themselves and engages in rough sex with strange men, often mutilating themselves in the process. Enrique, the grocer and Miriam's boyfriend, contributes to Miriam's habit of self-harm by supplying them with razors. Miriam believes that the blood of saints smells like violets, testing out their theory on the statue of San Martin, Jesus' pieta, and herself. They confide in the virgin Mary that they cut pictures of flowers into their skin to feel beautiful and alive.
As Delfina's mental health declines, they turn to ritualistically making pigeon soup- the recipe to which they brought over from Puerto Rico and makes as comfort food. Delfina ceases to care for herself, causing Miriam to bathe them Finally Delfina decides to commit suicide, taking their own life by drowning themselves in the tub. Miriam discovers their mother's body, and before the paramedics arrive to take them away, Miriam carves tulips into Delfina's arms with a razor, believing that when Delfina wakes up, she'll be reminded of beauty, renewal, and the impending spring.
Critical Reception and Analysis
In the wake of its first performance on stage in 1991, Miriam's Flowers received much acclaim from theatre critics, citing Cruz's ability to craft a haunting narrative showcasing gritty realism combined with a fierce sense of compassion. Grimly poetic, the script of this play is described as having a lyrical quality to its charismatic narration, ultimately constructing a poem made from people, where death and life have perilously merged.
Critics of this play write that the disturbing reality of Miriam's Flowers, emphasized by Cruz's personal connection to its setting as the New York borough in which they were raised, translates to the multidimensional pain experienced by its characters as members of a marginalized community of poor, Latino immigrants and their descendants. Analysts of this play conclude that the violence of poverty is demonstrated within Miriam's Flowers through the example of the direct, physically violent manner of Puli's death as a result of a lack of safety precautions within the South Bronx, as well as the metaphorical violence of their surviving family members' lives being pulled apart as a consequence of their loss of life.
Relevance to Latino theatre and culture
The child of Puerto Rican immigrants, playwright Migdalia Cruz self-identifies as a Nuyorican born and raised in the Bronx. Cruz's Latina identity and experiences growing up in the Bronx lends to the realistic nature of Miriam's Flowers, and by imbuing the plot with elements of Latinidad, as well as writing the characters of this play to be Puerto Rican, Migdalia Cruz has created an example of Latino theater centralizing around the experiences and performance of Latino individuals.
Within the plot of Miriam's Flowers, Cruz has fixed thematic elements of Latino identity and culture, contributing to the sense of Latinidad within the piece. The statue upon which Miriam is fixated, San Martin, is a depiction of St. Martin de Porres, a Peruvian-born saint whose father was a Spaniard and mother was an enslaved, indigenous American. San Martin is the patron saint of individuals of mixed race, children, the poor, and the sick, and is especially favored by Hispanic and Caribbean communities. Roberto Clemente, Puli's inspiration and role model, was a Puerto Rican baseball star who advocated for the equitable treatment of Latin baseball players, and whose untimely death foreshadows Puli's. Following Puli's death, Nando exemplifies machismo, imparting unto their son's gravestone the wisdoms pertaining to manhood they were unable to pass on during their son's life, focusing namely upon the concepts of stoicism, bravery, and providing for/defense of women. Cruz also features code-switching within the play, visible especially in Miriam's scenes, where there are recognizable differences between their manner of speech in dialogue with Enrique and their address of the Virgin Mary, as many Puerto Ricans living within New York are able to speak up to five different dialects of Spanish and English.
Notable production
During their time as the Latino Chicago Theatre Company's writer in residence, Migdalia Cruz's Miriam's Flowers debuted for the first time on September 5th, 1991 at the Firehouse Chicago, performed by members of the Latino Chicago Theatre Company. The production was directed by William “Bill” Payne, with costumes and lighting by Michelle Banks, and the set design was completed by Michael Ramirez.
Cast
Miriam Nieves – Justina Machado
Delfina Nieves – Consuelo Allen
Puli Nieves – Daniel Sanchez
Enrique Rojas – Felipe Comacho
Nando Morales – Frankie Davila
References
1990 plays
Hispanic and Latino American plays
Plays set in New York City
Plays set in the 1970s
Apartment Building 63, also called Commune 63 (Romanian Comuna 63) is an apartment building located in the Dristor neighbourhood in the south-eastern part of Bucharest (Sectorul 3) and it is the largest single residential building in Romania with a total of 950 one-room apartments, and holding just over 1,600 residents. The building is nicknamed the commune because of the large number of apartments that could house an entire village or commune, and because of the long corridors that stretch from one end of the building to the other and resemble a long country road. The apartment building has four staircases of 10 floors each and is built in the shape of a giant Z with an extension in the southern part of the structure. It is located near the Dristor metro station, a major node of the Bucharest Metro's railway network.
History
Apartment Building 63 was finished and opened in 1963 and was first intended to be inhabited by officers of the Romanian Armed Forces and of the Ministry of Administration and Interior. In the same year, the selected officers started to move into the apartments from the first two staircases of the building but because of the intensive demolition projects undergone in the area, the original purpose of the building was changed, and the structure's role was to serve as a new home for the people that had to move from their demolished houses. The building was considered by the Romanian Communist Party to be a symbol of the centralized state and an outstanding feat of engineering designed for the citizen comrade in the vision of the communist perspective. Another four sister buildings, built in the same year, are scattered across the eastern part of Bucharest; one of them is near Mihai Bravu Avenue, called Block P10 on Oborul Nou Street, and another one is called Block M31, located on Aleea Barajul Bicaz.
References
Apartment buildings
Buildings and structures in Bucharest
Residential buildings in Romania
New Southwest/Mount Clare is a neighborhood in southwest Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Southwest Baltimore
Peta Searle was the coach of the St Kilda Football Club in the AFL Women's competition (AFLW). Searle became the first woman appointed as an assistant coach in the Australian Football League when they were chosen by St Kilda as a development coach.
Playing career
Searle played football for ten years. Searle started their playing career with the Scorpions at the age of 20 and then moved onto the Albion Football Club, Parkside Football Club and then the Darebin Falcons. They played over 100 games, won five premierships, represented Victoria on seven occasions and was named on the all Australian team three times.
Searle was named in the VFLW Team of the 1990s and in the backline of the VFLW Silver Jubilee Team. They became a VFLW life member in 2011.
Coaching career
Searle began their coaching career in 2005. They coached the inaugural Victorian under 19 side in 2005.
Searle became head coach of the Darebin Falcons VFLW team in 2006 and they coached them to five premierships from 2006 to 2010. They were named Victorian Female Coach of the Year in 2010. Searle was appointed the coach of the Darebin Falcons Silver Jubilee Football Team in 2015.
Searle was a development coach at the Western Jets in 2011. In 2011 and 2013, they were the head coach of Women's Victorian State Team in the AFL Women's National Championship and was named the Australian Coach of the 2011 AFL Women's National Championship. They were also the Head Coach of the AFL Victoria VWFL Academy between 2012 & 2014.
Seale was the Assistant Coach at VAFA team St Kevin's Old Boys in 2014.
Seale coached the Western Bulldogs in the first AFL women's exhibition game in 2013 and the second game in 2014.
They debuted as a coach for Victorian Football League team Port Melbourne Football Club on 25 March 2012 and coached there under Gary Ayres in 2012 and 2013.
Searle joined the Saints as a development coach in 2014, making them the AFL's first full-time female assistant coach. In 2018 they were appointed the Head of Female Football Pathways and coach of the Saints first ever affiliated female team in the VFLW competition.
On 17 April 2019, Searle was appointed the head coach of the St Kilda Football Club ahead of them entering the AFL Women's competition in 2020. Searle stepped down from the role at the conclusion of the 2021 AFL Women's season.
Coaching statistics
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="font-weight:normal"|2020
|
| 6 || 2 || 4 || 0 || 33% || 5 (conf.) || 7 (conf.)
|-
| 2021
|
| 9 || 3 || 6 || 0 || 33% || 11 || 14
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=2| Career totals
! 15
! 5
! 10
! 0
! 33%
! colspan=2|
|}
Honours and achievements
Searle won the Female Coach of the Year in the Victorian Australian Football Coaches Association (AFCA) Awards in 2010. In 2012, the Victorian Australian Football Coaches Association (AFCA) named the award after them and it is now known as the Peta Searle Female Coach of the Year Award.
Searle was inducted into the Victorian Honour Roll of Women in 2017.
Searle received a Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for services to the AFL in the Queen Birthday Honours on 10 June 2019. In October 2019 they were named one of The Australian Financial Review's 100 Women of Influence in the category of Arts, Culture and Sport.
Other work
Searle was a physical education teacher at Brighton Secondary College between 1996 and 2014.
Personal life
Searle has two children, Tessa and Jackson.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
AFL Women's coaches
St Kilda Football Club coaches
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Darebin Falcons players
Wacław Scaevola-Wieczorkiewicz was a General brygady of the Polish Army in the Second Polish Republic. Born on June 25, 1890 in the village of Polanowka near Lublin (Congress Poland), they died on December 7, 1969 in Geneva, Switzerland. They fought in World War I, the Polish–Soviet War and World War II.
Waclaw Wieczorkiewicz was born into a noble family of landowners. They graduated from Stanislaw Staszic High School in Lublin, and continued their education at University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna. In 1911, they joined the Riflemen's Association, under nom de guerre Rene Scewola (later they changed their last name into Scaevola-Wieczorkiewicz, it was officially confirmed by the Voivode of Lwow, on November 7, 1931). In 1912, after completion of officer training, they were promoted to the rank of subcolonel (podporucznik).
From August 1914 until July 1917, Wieczorkiewicz fought in Polish Legions in World War I. Wounded after the battle of Marcinkowice near Nowy Sacz (December 5–6, 1914), they recuperated in a military hospital, and in 1915 was promoted to captain of infantry. After the Oath crisis, Wieczorkiewicz was imprisoned by the Germans at Fort Beniaminow. There, they organized a rebellion, and as a punishment, Scaevola was transferred to Werl Fortress.
In late 1918, Wieczorkiewicz joined the Polish Army, and was immediately promoted to Major. In November 1918, they created a unit of volunteers, which fought in the Battle of Lwow. From August 15, 1919, they commanded 9th Legions Infantry Regiment, with which they fought in initial stages of the Polish–Soviet War. By the end of this conflict, Wieczorkiewicz commanded 3rd Legions Infantry Division.
In 1921, Wieczorkiewicz was named commandant of Center of Army Training in Rembertow. In 1923, they were transferred to the 31st Kaniow Rifles Infantry Regiment, and during the years 1923 - 1925, they studied at a Military Academy in Paris. In June 1926, Wieczorkiewicz came to Jaroslaw, where they were named commandant of both 24th Infantry Division, and the Polish Army garrison of Jaroslaw. In 1927, they were promoted to General brygady.
Wieczorkiewicz actively supported various community organizations and development of culture at Jaroslaw. They were the local leader of the Maritime and Colonial League, honorary chairperson of sports clubs Ognisko Jaroslaw, and an active supporter of the Riflemen's Association. Furthermore, they were chairperson of Society of the Friends of Jaroslaw, and sponsored the renovation of its Benedictine Abbey. On June 23, 1937, City Council named them honorary citizen of Jaroslaw.
During the 1939 Invasion of Poland, Wieczorkiewicz commanded reserve units of Krakow Army and Karpaty Army. In 1940 they left the General Government, and reached France, via Hungary. After the Battle of France, they remained in occupied country, and was active member of the French Resistance. In 1943, they moved to Switzerland, and found a job at an insurance company. They died in Geneva on December 7, 1969, and was buried at the local Saint-Georges Cemetery.
In 1992, a street in Jaroslaw was named after him, and in 2010, 14th Artillery Regiment, stationed in Jaroslaw.
Promotions
Porucznik – 1914,
Captain of Infantry – 1915,
Major – 1918,
Podpolkovnik – 1920,
Polkovnik – 1920,
General brygady – 1927.
Honors and awards
Virtuti Militari 5th Class,
Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta,
Cross of Independence,
Cross of Valour, four times,
Gold Cross of Merit,
Commemorative Medal for the 1918 - 1921 War “Poland to their Defender”,
Medal of 10 Years of Independence,
Family
On April 6, 1929 in Warsaw, Wieczorkiewicz married Janina née Awernatus. They had two children: sons Tomasz (born 1930) and Wojciech (born 1932).
Sources
Piotr Stawecki, Słownik biograficzny generałów Wojska Polskiego 1918–1939, Warszawa 1994, .
Henryk P. Kosk, Generalicja polska t. II M-Ż, Pruszków 2001, .
Z. Mierzwiński, Generałowie II Rzeczypospolitej, Warszawa 1995
Zofia Kostka-Bieńkowska, Honorowi obywatele Jarosławia 1857-2003, Jarosław 2009
See also
List of Polish generals
1890 births
1969 deaths
Polish generals
Polish legionnaires (World War I)
Polish people of the Polish–Ukrainian War
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
Polish military personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Cross of Independence
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Fork Particle is a computer graphics visual effects modeling and software development kit (SDK) developed and sold by Fork Particle, Inc. Fork Particle uses its real time particle system technology to simulate visual effects or particle effects such as CGI explosions, fire, rain, smoke, dust, etc. Fork Particle is used in video games and visual simulation software such as a flight simulator. It has been licensed to game developers for Windows, macOS, Linux, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
Notable Fork Particle licensees include Ubisoft, Trickstar Games, Firaxis Games, ZeniMax Online Studios, Electronic Arts, Microsoft, LEGO, and Sony. Video games that have utilized Fork Particle's technology include Elder Scrolls Online, Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth, Rocksmith 2014 Edition, Empire Earth III, LEGO Universe, Splosion Man, Sid Meier's Civilization V and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.
Fork Particle SDK
Fork Particle's real time technology component or particle engine is meant to be integrated and used with a video game engine or computer graphics engine. Particle effects are authored by VFX artists or designers using Fork Particle's effects modeling tool and then brought into the user's 3D computer graphics environment or 2D computer graphics environment where these particle effects are simulated by Fork Particle's engine in real time and displayed by the user application's graphics engine.
The Fork Particle SDK includes these components: real time particle engine (Fork Runtime SDK), particle editor or modeling tool (Fork Particle Studio), live update for in application particle effects editing (Fork Live Tuner), and particle effects definitions batch file exporter.
Technology Partners
Fork Particle also includes incorporation or integrations with partner technologies:
Microsoft Xbox 360
Microsoft Xbox One
Sony PlayStation 3
Sony PlayStation 4
Havok Physics
Havok Vision Engine
Emergent Gamebryo LightSpeed
Perforce SCM
Autodesk FBX
NVidia PhysX
Android
Apple
Intel (Multi-core processor support)
References
External links
Fork Particle official website (not accessible, Archive) – news, updates, screenshots, and information about Fork Particle
Develop Online feature article on Fork Particle – “Particle effects middleware Fork Particle is all about making the most of your game's big events…”
Develop Magazine feature article on Fork Particle – “TOOLS SPOTLIGHT” (page 50-51)
Firaxis Civilization V news article – “Firaxis Using Fork Particle Toolset For Civ V's Visual Effects” by Eric Caoili
3D graphics software
Middleware for video games
Software development kits
Virtual reality
The Hull Derby refers to the rugby league rivalry between Hull F.C. and Hull Kingston Rovers, both based in the city of Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The rivalry is the only British rugby league rivalry where the two clubs are from the same city. It is compared to the St Helens R.F.C.–Wigan Warriors rivalry as one of the highest profile rugby league rivalries in the United Kingdom.
History
Hull F.C. and Hull KR were founded in 1865 and 1882 respectively. Hull F.C. were founding members of the Northern Rugby Football Union and breakaway code of rugby league in 1895. Hull KR initially remained playing rugby union but opted to join rugby league two years later after controversy over alleged professionalism (which was banned in rugby union) in their Yorkshire Cup win in 1897. Though the Yorkshire Rugby Football Union found them not guilty after an inquiry, the Rugby Football Union overturned the YRFU's decision and suspended Hull KR.
The two clubs were at the centre of a dispute in 1896 over use of the Athletics Ground (later renamed The Boulevard). Hull KR originally had tenancy however Hull F.C. took it over, forcing Hull KR out, after arguing they should have primacy as the older club and because they paid triple the £50 (£ in 2019) a year rent that Hull KR were paying. Hull F.C. purchased the ground outright in 1899 for £6,500 (£ in 2019). Hull KR moved to the east of the city and founded their own ground of Craven Street. Hull KR took their place as a fully-fledged Northern Union club in 1899/1900 and, on the 16th of September 1899, they played the first competitive first team derby against Hull FC, winning 8-2 in front of a crowd of 14,000 at Craven Street. Finishing sixth out of 16 clubs in the YSC, above their neighbours, was a remarkable achievement in their first season in the NU.
The rivalry between the two sides sees a geographic split with the two teams separated by the River Hull; people living west of the river tend to support F.C. while residents east of the river are mostly Hull KR fans. In 1981, the derby match on Good Friday was marred by hooliganism and brick throwing between the rival fans at The Boulevard. Hull F.C. were fined £1,000 and threatened with closure of their home ground unless it passed an inspection.
The two sides competed in the 1979–80 Challenge Cup Final at Wembley, which saw a Hull KR victory with a scoreline of 10–5 to mark their first and only Challenge Cup. Hull FC had won the cup once prior to then but never at Wembley, which became a source of ridicule for Rovers fans. The Black and Whites have since won the cup 4 times including twice at Wembley, most recently in 2017.
Ahead of the formation of the Super League in 1996, a merger proposal was rejected along with several others which would have seen both teams merge to form one club called Humberside. The merger proposal was intended to form higher-quality teams ahead of the new competition. Hull F.C. were first promoted to the Super League in its third season in 1998, whilst Hull KR gained their first season in the competition in 2007, with the two clubs then playing their first derby in 13 years. Hull F.C. have never been relegated from the Super League since their initial promotion, whereas Hull KR spent one season in the Championship in 2017.
Head to Head
Statistics correct as of 4 June 2021
In all competitions, competitive and uncompetitive:
Meetings in major finals
1920–21 Yorkshire Cup Final: Hull KR 2–0 Hull F.C.
1920–21 NFRL Division One Championship Final: Hull F.C. 16-14 Hull KR
1967-68 Yorkshire Cup Final: Hull KR 8-7 Hull F.C.
1979-80 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final: Hull F.C. 13-3 Hull KR
1979–80 Challenge Cup Final: Hull KR 10–5 Hull F.C.
1980–81 Premiership Final: Hull KR 11–7 Hull F.C.
1981–82 League Cup Final: Hull F.C. 12-4 Hull KR
1984–85 Yorkshire Cup Final: Hull F.C. 29–12 Hull KR
1984–85 League Cup Final: Hull KR 12-0 Hull F.C.
Played - 9
Hull KR wins - 5
Hull FC wins - 4
Hull KR points - 76
Hull FC points - 89
Collective honours
See also
Derbies in the Rugby Football League
References
Hull F.C.
Hull Kingston Rovers
Rugby league rivalries
Sports rivalries in the United Kingdom
Rugby leagues in the East Riding of Yorkshire
ARA La Argentina was a steam corvette that served as a training ship with the Argentine Navy between 1884 and 1895, and in other roles until decommissioned in 1899.
Design
La Argentina was a steam corvette rigged as a barque, with a steel hull covered in wood and copper. It was powered by a 750 HP compound steam engine diving a 2-paddle propeller which could be disengaged when moving exclusively by sail.
Its main armament was one 150mm Armstrong gun and four 76,5mm quick-firing Krupp guns, two per side. The secondary armament was two 37mm quick-fire Hotchkiss guns, one 5-barrel and one 4-barrel; and two 2 Gardner machine guns. It also carried two 75mm guns mounted on carriages used for fighting onshore after landings.
History
Launched in 1883 as a training vessel for the Ottoman Navy, its construction was suspended after the purchase was cancelled. In 1884 is inspected by the Argentine Navy commodore Clodomiro Urtubey who recommends its purchase as training ship for the Escuela Naval Militar. On 24 February 1883 the Argentine representative to Europe, Dr. Miguel Cané, signed a £ 25,000 contract with shipyard Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino, for the completion of the ship under the name La Argentina.
Its first commander was Coronel de Marina (Capitán de Navío) Daniel de Solier, who arrived in Trieste on 26 February 1884 with the new ship's crew (including 30 cadets); the ship was still being completed. On 11 May 1884 the ship was handed over to the Argentine Navy and departed from Trieste, arriving in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 18 October 1884.
Between 1885 and 1888 it was assigned to the Escuela Naval Militar for training of officer cadets. In 1889 it was assigned to the Corvette Division; on 27 November saluted the newly created flag of the Republic of Brazil in Rio de Janeiro, after the Emperor Dom Pedro II was deposed.
In 1890 the ship was assigned again to training duties, and in 1892 sailed to the Patagonia carrying supplies.
From 1891 it was noted that is hull was deteriorating, and its activity decreases. In August 1899 it was decommissioned from the Navy.
Between 1901 and 1915 it was assigned as a lightship in front of Quilmes, in that year was sold for scrapping. Its derelict hull was still abandoned in the Riachuelo as late as 1928.
La Argentina sailed 5 training cruises with cadets of the Argentine Navy Academy, until being replaced by the steam frigate ARA Presidente Sarmiento in 1897.
See also
List of ships of the Argentine Navy
References
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Training ship “La Argentina” - Histarmar website (Historia y Arqueología Marítima – Buque Escuela “La Argentina”) (accessed 2015-12-26)
Training ships of the Argentine Navy
Corvettes of the Argentine Navy
Tall ships of Argentina
1883 ships
Ships built in Trieste
Zakari Junior Lambo (born 19 January 1999) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Knokke. Born in Belgium, they represent the Niger national team.
Career
A youth product of Mouscron and Ronse, Lambo began their career with the semi-pro side Ronse. They transferred to Winkel in 2018, before returning to Ronse the following year. On 5 April 2020, Lambo signed a 2-year contract with Knokke.
International career
Lambo was born in Belgium to a Nigerien father and Burkinabé mother, and holds all three passports. They were called up to represent the Niger national team for a set of friendlies in June 2021. They debuted with Niger in a 2–0 friendly loss to the Gambia on 5 June 2021.
Personal life
Lambo is the son of the former Nigerien international footballer Zakari Lambo.
References
External links
RKFC Profile
Footballdatabase Profile
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aalst, Belgium
Footballers from East Flanders
People with acquired Nigerien citizenship
Nigerien footballers
Niger international footballers
Belgian footballers
Nigerien people of Burkinabé descent
Belgian people of Nigerien descent
Sportspeople of Burkinabé descent
Black Belgian sportspeople
Belgian people of Burkinabé descent
Association football wingers
Toothless George (born Yurgi F Šiugždinis; June 1, 1973 in Vilnius, Soviet Union, Modern-Day Lithuania) is an American punk rock musician.  They are best known for their work with The Halflings, Toothless George & Their One-Man Band, and Percocettes. George is a former professional skateboarder and currently lives in Tokyo, Japan.
History
Early life
Toothless George was raised in West Chester, Pennsylvania. Their father worked at a gas station, and their mother was a truck driver. They were turned onto punk rock in 1985 accidentally, while attending North Coventry Elementary. They said in Scratched Magazine, “Me becoming a punk rocker had nothing to do with the music. I listened to New Edition, and L.L. Cool J. No one would let me sit at their lunch table except the punk rock kids. That why I'm a punk rocker. I got into the music later.”
Musical History
One of the first bands that Toothless George played in was the straight edge hard core band Bound By Blue with Matt Summers (Shark Attack) and Matt Smith (Shark Attack, Rain on the Parade). After Bound By Blue disbanded, they and Smith performed in the punk rock group Mao & The Chinese Revolution from their beginning in 1987 until they disbanded in 1993. They released one 7” on Creep Records. Soon thereafter, George founded the Halflings with Matt Drastic (Teen Idols, The Queers) and Donnie Switchblade. They ultimately broke up in 1996. They had released four 7” vinyl records, and were featured on twelve various artist compilations. Shortly thereafter, George put the band back together one last time with Steve Ferrell (Kid Dynamite) and Dave Sausage (The Boils) but never played out with that line up.
In 2001, George joined The Bedrockers, with their older brother Ed Rocker. While with The Bedrockers, George started performing as a one-man band on the side- playing guitar, bass drum, snare drum, two tambourines, harmonica, and singing simultaneously. When The Bedrockers broke up in 2003, the one-man band became their full-time band. They have released two e.p.'s , one full album, and has been featured on three compilations.
Toothless George, and girlfriend, Cole Della-Zucca started The Percocettes together in 2006. They released two c.d.'s and performed hundreds of shows in The United States, Europe, and Japan.
In 2007, Toothless George was awarded Barrymore Award for a theatrical musical they wrote with Brat Productions.
Discography
Mao & The Chinese Revolution
"Live at Unisound" cassette (Self Released) 1990
"Live at Sabatino's" cassette (Self Released) 1991
"America's Finest" 4 song 7"(Creep Records) 1993
The Halflings
"Memory Lapse" 5 song 7" (Creep Records) 1994
v/a - "120 Days..." VHS/BETA (Groove Productions) 1994
The Diplomats & The Halflings 2/3 song split 7" (Pink Rock/Alien Records) 1995
v/a - "Matthau Records Compilation" (Matthau Records) 1995
"Frabbajabba!" 4 song 7" (Creep Records) 1995
v/a - "Dad, I Can't Breathe" L.P. (Creep Records) 1995
"A Kiss For Christmas" 2 song 7" single (Switchblade Records) 1995
v/a - "Suburban Voice Sampler" Suburban Voice Magazine) 1997
v/a - "So Punk, Barely Visible To The Naked Eye" CD (Ripped Records) 1996
v/a - "Got A Minute?" CD (Microcosm Records) 1997
v/a - "Punk Will Eat Itself" cassette (PWEI Zine) 1995
v/a - "Rookies In Underwear" cassette (Insane Records) 1995
v/a - I'm A Luck Dragon" CD (Atrayu Records) 19??
v/a - "Exploitational Sampler" CD (Creep Records) 1996
v/a - "Stop Homophobia" Vol. II 7" (Turkey Bastor Records) 1995
v/a - "What Are You Looking At!" CD (Switchblade Records) 1996
"I Don't Wanna Go To School" CD/10" (Unreleased) 1997
"Runaround Sue" 7" (Double A Records) 1999
v/a- "Punk Station 2" cassette (WFMU 91.1FM) 1996
The Bedrockers
"Suck Knob On Zero" 5 song CD (Self Released) 2002
"Code Blue" Promo CD (Self Released) 2002
v/a - "Punk Vs. Emo" Double CD (Fast Music/Mindset Records) 2003
v/a - "Say Ten Sampler" CD (Say-Ten Records) 2003
v/a - "Play It Loud" Vol. II (Freddie & Cary's Label) 2003
"When We Meet Again" CD-R (Self Released) 2003
v/a - "Everlasting Sampler" CD (Wonka Vision Records) 2004
v/a - "Voices In The Wilderness" CD (DIY & Proud Records) 2005
Toothless George & Their One-Man Band
"Live In NYC!" Limited Edition 5 song CD-R (Strip Tees Record Division) 2004
"Lone Wolf" 4 song 7" (Jett Black Records) 2004
"Live In NYC!" 5 song CD (Strip Tees Record Division) 2004
v/a - "Get Outta Philly!" CD (Tick Tick Tick Records) 2005
"Lone Wolf" 6 song CD (Schuylkill Records) 2005
v/a - "Philly Roller Girls Presents: Hellybilly Horrors vs. Urban Legends" DVD 2006
"Promo" 2 song CD (Strip Tees Record Division) 2006
"Lone Wolf" 9 song LP (Criminal Records) 2006
v/a - "Killed By A One-Man Band" 7" (Squoodge Records & Drunk'nRoll Schallplatten) 2006
v/a - "Attack Of The One-Man Bands!" Double CD (Rock N Roll Pergatory Records) 2007
"The Sound Of Titties" 25 song CD (Strip Tees Record Division)2007
v/a - "God Save The Queers" CD (Asian Man Records) 2008
"& The Heavy Metal Hookers" (Strip Tees Record Division) 2009
v/a - "Flogging Margarette Original Soundtrack" DVD (Warner Brothers) 2008
Toothless George & Their Ten-Man Band
"Long In The Tooth! - Tenth Anniversary Show Live" LP (Self Released) 2013
Percocettes
"Seventeen" b/w "Inflatable Girl" 2 song CD (Self Released) 2007
"Say It To My Fist!" 4 song CD (Self Released) 2009
Cylon 78
Self Titled digital E.P.
Poison Hearts (A.C.)
"Hostile City" digital single (Self Released) 2019
"Has-Beens & Wannabes" digital single (Self Released) 2020
Bibliography
"Angel of the Aegean" Memoirs (Strip Tees Books) 2007
"One Night Only" (Strip Tees Books) 2011
"Band Together" (Strip Tees Books) 2012
"Fuck America: Travel Guide for Fuckin' Enthusiasts" Coloring Book (Strip Tees Books) 2016
"A Celebration of Pride" Coloring Book (Strip Tees Books) 2017
"Fuck Trump" Coloring Book (Strip Tees Books) 2018
References
Links
American punk rock musicians
Living people
1975 births
The following is the squad list for the 2017 Pacific Mini Games.
Squads
Head coach: Christophe Gamel
Head coach: Francois Tartas
Head coach: Felipe Vera-Arango
Head coach: Timote Moleni
Head coach: Taukiei Ituaso
Head coach: Moise Poida
References
External links
OFC U-20 Men's Championship 2014, oceaniafootball.com
Football at the 2017 Pacific Mini Games
Association football tournament squads
James Flint was a British and Australian architect. A number of their works are heritage-listed.
Early life
Flint was born in 1862 in Eppleworth, Hull, Yorkshire, England, the son of James Flint .
Architectural career
Flint was articled to the Manchester firm of architects and building surveyors, Sherwood and Peverley. They had then moved to London and practiced there for a period of about eighteen months. Following this period of work, Flint emigrated, arriving in Victoria in December 1883, and entered into partnership with Mr Horsley in Melbourne.
In 1887 they moved to Rockhampton to practice as an architect and surveyor. They took up offices in Central Chambers in East Street. At this time they and John William Wilson were the main architects active in Rockhampton. In the booming economy of Rockhampton and Mount Morgan Flint designed several notable buildings.
Politics
Flint was also a member of the Rockhampton Municipal Council, as well as the Central Separation League, the lobby group pushing for separation of Central Queensland as an independent state.
Later life
James Flint died on 6 January 1894 at Rockhampton from heart disease. They were buried in South Rockhampton Cemetery on 7 January 1894.
Significant works
Their significant works (known and attributed) include:
Criterion Hotel (1888-9)
Yungaba Migrant Hostel (1890)
Rockhampton Club (1892)
Kenmore House (circa 1894)
References
Attribution
1862 births
1894 deaths
19th-century Australian architects
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Ten Hills is a neighborhood in the northeastern part of the city of Somerville, Massachusetts. The area is roughly wedge-shaped, about in size, and is bounded by the Mystic River to the north, McGrath Highway to the east, and is largely separated from the rest of Somerville by Interstate 93 to the southwest. Ten Hills is next to Assembly Square in the east, and Winter Hill in the southwest. The neighborhood landscape is predominated by a single hill (not ten, as the name suggests, although the original farm encompassed 550 more acres of Somerville which had the other 9), the peak of which is roughly at the intersection of Temple and Putnam Roads. The Ten Hills neighborhood is located in Ward 4, Precinct 1 of the City of Somerville, which is in the 34th district of Middlesex County.
History
Ten Hills is named after Ten Hills Farm, owned by Massachusetts' first governor, John Winthrop. This estate of was granted to Governor Winthrop by the Massachusetts Bay Colony on September 6, 1631. The farm was located along the southern bank of the Mystic River in portions of what are now the cities of Somerville and Medford.
The farm was named by Governor Winthrop for the ten small knolls located on the property, which included orchards and meadows for grazing cattle.
In 1649, the Ten Hills Farm was inherited by Gov. Winthrop's son, John the Younger, governor of Connecticut.
In 1677, the farm was deeded to Elizabeth Lidgett, widow of Peter Lidgett.
In 1731, the Lidgetts deeded of the property, most of which is located in the current city of Medford, to Sir Isaac Royall, an Antiguan slave trader. Royall remodelled a brick house on that property, originally built in 1692. Royall's son, Isaac Royall, Jr., took possession of that property in 1739, and greatly expanded it. It still stands today and is known as the Isaac Royall House.
In 1740, the remaining of the Lidgett's property, located in Somerville, was sold to Captain Robert Temple, who owned that land through the Revolutionary War. Captain Temple built a luxurious mansion at Ten Hills Farm, overlooking the river, which lasted until it was torn down in 1877.
On September 1, 1774, General Thomas Gage ordered an expedition of 200 British troops up the Mystic River to remove provincial munitions. The British landed at Ten Hills Farm, and then proceeded to Powder House Square and took 250 barrels of gunpowder to Boston. The action sparked what became known as the Powder Alarm, in which thousands of colonists, believing an attack had been made, marched on Boston and Cambridge.
In 1832 Colonel Samuel Jaques, a well known horticulturalist and breeder of livestock bought Ten Hills Farm and made it famous as a stock farm.
In 1877, the farm was destroyed and much of the high ground was used to fill in surrounding marshlands.
In 1900, the Metropolitan Park Commission acquired land along the Mystic River in Ten Hills and built Melrose Street, now called Shore Drive. In 1908, the City of Somerville built a public bath house on Melrose Street which became a very popular spot for bathers in the Mystic River. A planned amusement park was never built, but a new bathhouse along the shore of the river was built sometime between 1925 and 1947.
In 1928, the City of Somerville bought the site for the purposes of building an elementary school, and in 1930, The Charles A. Grimmons Elementary School was opened for students.
In 1980, the Grimmons School was closed due to lack of enrollment. A portion of the land was retained for the construction of Grimmons Park.
Recreation
The Blessings of the Bay Boathouse, named after the ship built by Governor Winthrop in 1631 is located on the Mystic River Reservation at 32 Shore Drive. The boathouse is currently owned by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation. During the summer, canoes and paddleboats can be rented by the public for use on the Mystic River.
The Blessings of the Bay Boathouse is also home to the Gentle Giant Rowing Club. The Club is a not-for-profit, registered 501(c)3, organization dedicated to introducing and nurturing the sport of rowing, regardless of age, culture, financial ability or physical capability; and to improving and preserving the environment in and surrounding the rivers we row. Gentle Giant Rowing supports the rowing program for Somerville and Everett High Schools which also row out of the Blessing Boathouse, as does the rowing program of Wentworth Institute of Technology.
Grimmons Park is a small playground on Gov. Winthrop Road, which opened in 1984 on the site of the former Grimmons Elementary School. The park underwent a major renovation in 2009, partially funded by a $1,000,000 grant from IKEA for improvement of parks throughout the city of Somerville (IKEA had been planning to open a store in nearby Assembly Square).
References
External links
City of Somerville Website
Map of Ten Hills Farm, drawn by Gov. Winthrop, October 1637
Book on Ten Hills Farm
Neighborhoods in Somerville, Massachusetts
From the Top Down is a 2006 British documentary film about the management and governance of the University of Sussex.
Overview
The film was made in response to the university's plans to close its chemistry department, which were abandoned in May 2006. The plans were met with protests in the media and in Parliament, and vice-chancellor Alasdair Smith was called before the Science and Technology Select Committee. The film also draws attention to Sussex's installation of a high-speed data network and its restructuring of academic departments, both of which ran significantly over budget; and claims the university was £38.2 million in debt. The film concludes by naming the university's governance as its primary problem, and calls for greater consultation with staff and greater accountability. From the Top-Down lasts 35 minutes.
Production and distribution
The film was directed by Daniel Vockins, then a second-year international relations and philosophy student, who said their intention was to produce an "objective analysis" of the university's problems. The information presented in the documentary is taken from Freedom of Information requests, official university documents and interviews with figures including Member of Parliament Des Turner and chemist Harry Kroto. Vockins said the university had warned against making the documentary and sought to prevent them from conducting interviews with academics.
The film was made available on the website of the Sussex student union and copies were sent to Sussex academics, vice-chancellors and student unions of 1994 Group universities, the Royal Society, then-Conservative Party higher education spokesperson Boris Johnson, and others.
Response
Smith said they were "pleased that our students feel passionately about Sussex, just as I and my colleagues do" but that it was a "pity that – despite opening initial discussions when filming starting – the students who made the film didn't seek to obtain views or comments from the university on the issues it raises". Smith also refuted allegations of financial mismanagement. A statement released by the university said many issues raised in the film had been rectified, that improvements were being made to student facilities, and that the university had sought to improve its relationship with the student union and strengthen student representation in its decision-making processes. Roger Hilton, the president of the student union, however, said that governance had not improved, to the detriment of "staff morale and the student experience."
William Outhwaite, a professor of sociology, and Andrew Chitty, a lecturer in philosophy, both praised the film. Chitty said "The film provides a convincing case for serious shortcomings in the management of the university over the last few years."
References
External links
British documentary films
Documentary films about higher education
University of Sussex
2006 documentary films
2006 films
Films set in East Sussex
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
Almighty So is a mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Chief Keef. The mixtape was hosted by DJ Scream and was self-released on October 12, 2013. It features production from a variety of producers, including ISOBeats and OhZone. The album was poorly received upon release, but has since gone on to become a fan favorite, and an influence on future trap artists.
Track listing
References
Chief Keef albums
Self-released albums
Trilby Glover is an Australian actor known for their roles as Shoshanna in The Starter Wife mini-series, Jessica in the feature film Righteous Kill, and as Jane Hollis in the second season of Fox comedy-horror series Scream Queens.
Personal life
Glover married Ian Brennan in September 2016 and the couple have two children.
Career
Glover had a minor recurring role in the Starz network series Crash, with five appearances in 2008–2009.
In 2016, they appeared in the FOX television series Scream Queens, in a recurring role throughout the season.
Filmography
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian television actores
People educated at Methodist Ladies' College, Perth
Australian film actores
National Institute of Dramatic Art alumni
University of Western Australia alumni
Actresses from Perth, Western Australia
Robert Peter Jones (born 3 November 1995) is an English cricketer who plays for Lancashire County Cricket Club.  They are a right-handed batsman who also bowls right-arm leg spin.
They made their first-class debut for Lancashire, on 23 August 2016, against Surrey. They made their Twenty20 cricket debut for Lancashire in the 2017 NatWest t20 Blast on 16 August 2017. They made their List A debut for Lancashire in the 2018 Royal London One-Day Cup on 31 May 2018.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Cheshire cricketers
Cricketers from Warrington
English cricketers
Lancashire cricketers
is a private university in Higashinada, Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1930, and it was chartered as a women's college in 1949. In 1994 the school became coeducational, adopting the present name.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1930
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
1930 establishments in Japan
The 1926 Georgetown Blue and Gray football team represented Georgetown University during the 1926 college football season. Led by Lou Little in their third season as head coach, the team went 7–2–1.
Schedule
References
Georgetown
Georgetown Hoyas football seasons
Georgetown Blue and Gray football
The Bishop's University Students' Representative Council is a non-profit student-run organization to which all full-time students at Bishop's automatically belong.
"The SRC is responsible for a number of services offered to students and provides a variety of both academic and non-academic clubs through which students may become directly involved in Bishop's life. It is also responsible for several publications, including The Quad yearbook, The Mitre and the Handbook. In addition to this, the SRC is responsible for organizing events on campus, ranging from Orientation Week to the election of the valedictorian."
History
One of the oldest student organizations in Canada, the Students' Executive Council of Bishop's University was founded in 1893.
It was renamed the Students' Representative Council following a referendum in the spring of 1979 which also re-organised the various vice-President positions, creating the VP Media Affairs to be responsible for Radio Bishop's (later CJMQ), the Campus Newspaper, the Mitre, the Quad (yearbook) and the Student Handbook. This constitutional change also removed all club representation from the Council, the clubs being represented by the VP positions. The constitution was subsequently revised in 1983, further structuring it. Following constitutional changes in 2006, the VP portfolios were again restructured, with the Vice-President of Social Affairs taking responsibility for clubs and societies.
Over the course of a three-month internal review process in the Fall 2015 semester, a committee of SRC members worked to evaluate the SRC's structure in an effort to improve its efficiency, productivity, inclusivity, legitimacy, transparency, and overall representation of Bishop's students. Following a constitutional amendment, the Student Event Coordinator and Student Affairs Representative positions were replaced by General Councillors, who represent Bishop's University students on issues relating to their portfolio.
The Bishop's University Students' Representative Council is the official representative of all the students at Bishop's University.
SRC Operations
The Operations Department is in charge of the financial viability of the SRC. It also plays a primary role in organizing Winterfest with the help of the Rail Jam coordinators. In addition to this, the General Manager of Operations ensures proper hiring protocol and effective performance of the SRC as a whole.
The SRC runs two on-campus operations: The Gait and Doolittle's General Store. The Gait opened in 2006, and is unique in that it is run and staffed completely by full-time students. The Gait is open every Thursday and Saturday, and caters to the student population.
The SRC also owns and operates Doolittle's General Store, the only depanneur on campus. Doolittle's is the place to purchase beer, bus tickets, snacks, ice cream, and event tickets on campus. Doolittle's is also run and staffed completely by students.
Overseeing the two operations is a Director of Finance and Operations. This full-time student is hired by the SRC and is, along with the Director of Communications and Marketing and the Director of Human Resources, one of the three non-elected Directors to sit on the SRC Executive Cabinet.
Academic Affairs
The Academic Affairs Department is made up of 5 Divisional Senators, overseen by the VP Academic Affairs. Humanities, Social Sciences, Business, Education, and Natural Science are each represented by one student, who carries a vote at the Academic Senate of Bishop's University. Each of the Senators also sits on their divisional faculty meetings, as well as various sub-committees of the Senate.
Student life
The Student Life Department is a recent creation, stemming from a constitutional overhaul during the 2015-2016 academic year. The Vice-President of Student Life is tasked with representing students in all non-academic areas of life at university. This includes students' health, well-being, safety, and security as they go about their time at Bishop's. The Student Life Department works closely with university administration to ensure that students' needs are met regarding student support services, dining facilities, athletics and recreation, residence, and a whole lot more. The Student Life Department also represents the student body on a number of Bishop's University committees, including the Student Services Directors Meeting, Health and Safety, Committee on Life at the University, and the Alcohol Concerns Committee. The department manages all social, cultural, academic, religious, and charity clubs.
See also
List of Quebec students' associations
References
External links
University Site
Students' associations in Canada
Bishop's University
Tom khlong (, ) is a sour and spicy soup with smoked dried fish and various herbs.
Description
Tom khlong is a traditional Thai dish similar to tom yum except that it uses herbs which have been dried or roasted. There is an alternative name that ancient Thai people had for tom khlong called tom hok ue (, ; Hok ue is the sound that people make when take a sip) because the moment you take a sip it will produce a refreshing feeling.
Ingredients
There are various types of herbs in tom khlong depending on how you cook it but the most important ingredients are dried fish, any variety of dried fish (sometimes fresh fish are used); galangal, which is used to deodorize fishy smell; Kaffir lime leaves, also used to deodorize fishy smell; Lemon grass, Shallot, and Dry Thai chili peppers. Also, paprika can be added for extra spice. Other ingredients are also sometimes added to bring more flavour and texture, such as lime juice, Tomatoes, Basil and Parsley.
See also
Tom kha
Thai cuisine
List of soups
List of Thai dishes
References
Thai soups
Fish dishes
Rautio Nunatak () is a nunatak rising to about 1,000 m between Neuburg Peak and Hannah Peak near the west end of Dufek Massif, Pensacola Mountains. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Henry Rautio, photographer, U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6, who obtained reconnaissance photographs of the Pensacola Mountains from LC-47 aircraft on January 22, 1964.
Nunataks of Queen Elizabeth Land
Fertility is an unincorporated community located along Strasburg Pike, in East Lampeter Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Maurice William "Maury" Uhler (December 14, 1886 – May 4, 1918) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in with the Cincinnati Reds. They batted and threw right-handed. Uhler had a .214 batting average in 46 games in their one-year career.
They were born in Pikesville, Maryland, and died in Baltimore, Maryland.
External links
1886 births
1918 deaths
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from Maryland
Cincinnati Reds players
People from Pikesville, Maryland
VH1 Storytellers is a live album by David Bowie. It was released on 6 July 2009 and features a 23 August 1999 performance on Storytellers, a VH1 program.
Background and recording
VH1 Storytellers is the last performance with collaborator and guitarist Reeves Gabrels, whom Bowie had met in 1987 and worked with since, including in the band Tin Machine. Gabrels quit the band 4 days after the show was recorded, leaving Bowie to scramble to find a lead guitarist for their upcoming Hours Tour.
Packaging and releases
The package contained an audio CD and a DVD of footage, with the DVD including four bonus tracks not heard on the CD. The set list comprises songs that spanned Bowie's career until that point, from the 1960s until their then soon-to-be released album Hours (1999). VH1 Storytellers was released on vinyl on 11 October 2019; the double album included the four bonus recordings.
Track listing
All tracks written by David Bowie except where noted.
Personnel
David Bowie: vocals, guitar
Reeves Gabrels: guitar
Mark Plati: guitars
Gail Ann Dorsey: bass guitar, vocals
Mike Garson: piano, keyboards
Sterling Campbell: drums, percussion
Holly Palmer and Lani Groves: background vocals
Audio remixer: Mark Plati
Audio mixer: Thom Cadley
Charts
References
David Bowie live albums
David Bowie video albums
2009 live albums
Live video albums
2009 video albums
EMI Records live albums
Concert films
VH1 Storytellers
Wat Tyler Country Park is a country park located to the south of Pitsea, Essex. The area was inhabited from the Bronze Age onwards and at one time was the location of the Pitsea Explosives Factory.
The park is named after Wat Tyler, the leader of the Peasants' Revolt in 1381, which started in nearby Fobbing before spreading to London. The Revolt failed and Tyler was killed, but they are remembered as a people's champion against the rich and powerful.
Facilities include the RSPB Wildlife Garden and Visitor Centre, and a miniature railway.
Little Coopers Farmhouse that was originally located in Takeley was designated a Grade II building in 1980. In the late 1980s due to redevelopment, the whole structure was dismantled and re-built at the Wat Tyler Country Park.
References
Country parks in Essex
Borough of Basildon
Specimen is a 1996 Canadian science fiction thriller television film directed by John Bradshaw, based on a story by Bradshaw and producer Damian Lee. It stars Mark-Paul Gosselaar as a young man with superpowers, whose enigmatic past catches up with them just as they begin to investigate it.
Plot
Eight-year-old Mike Hillary (Marc Donato) dreams of fire and a fire breaks out in their room. Their mother (Carmelina Lamanna) perishes trying to save him. At the home of their grandparents (Dennis O'Connor and Jennifer Higgin), when their duvet begins to smoulder, they get into a drawn bath to sleep in.
Now 24, unemployed minor league baseball player Mike Hillary (Mark-Paul Gosselaar) still sleeps in a drawn bath. After reading a short note from an old friend of their mother's which says "I believe you", they drive to their hometown to meet town sheriff Jimmy Masterson (David Nerman), who suggests considering the athletic counsellor job at the community centre. Mike asks why their mother left. Masterson says they were pregnant and unmarried but says no more. Frustrated and angered, Mike leaves just as a fire starts in Masterson's trash can.
Mike starts working at the community centre. They notice children painting the number 11 surrounded by flames. Some "troubled" children respond to swimming, except James (Jared Durand), who fears the water. Mike seems to give the boy an emotional boost, to the delight of instructor Jessica Randall (Ingrid Kavelaars). Later, they catch up with them while jogging. They are accosted by their bully of an ex-boyfriend Blaine (Mark Lutz) and a fight ensues, Mike manifesting super strength and an unfocussed power of remote or tactile spontaneous combustion: objects ignite and Blaine suffers burns to their chest from Mike's pyrokinetic touch.
During a baseball game at the community centre, Mike has a vision of James being hurt and bullied by another boy, Bart (Kevin Zegers). Mike finds them and puts a stop to it. Meanwhile, at the sheriff's office, Blaine (his son) claims that Mike attacked them and has "superhuman powers." Masterson is skeptical — until Blaine shows them a hand-shaped burn on their chest. Later, Mike swims in the community centre's pool with Jessica, who notices the water getting warmer. Then, at their house apartment, they open up a bit, they kiss, and another fire starts. Mike puts it out with their hands, which are not burned. Jessica now knows their secret. They warn them to keep away and runs off.
Meanwhile, on two successive nights, two powerful-looking men emerge from a lake — aliens in human camouflage bio-suits: the bounty hunter Eleven (), and Sixty-Six (Andrew Jackson).
Masterson pays a visit to Mike and reveals what they know about Mike's mother: they believed that they had been impregnated by an alien and that they left town before Mike was born. Mike is appalled and angered, a lamp bursts into flames, and they order Masterson to leave. That night, Blaine sneaks into Mike's vacated motel room and is apprehended by Eleven, who kills them once they learn of Mike's connection to Jessica.
The next day, Eleven goes to interrogate Jessica at the community centre, where James is intoning "Eleven" repeatedly, which Mike hears and then sees through extrasensory perception and precognitive visions. Jessica runs from Eleven when their interrogation of them turns aggressive. They corner them with a wall of fire. Mike arrives calling for her, sees them helpless in the pool and jumps in, only to be ambushed by Eleven who tries to drown him. Suddenly, Sixty-Six intervenes to save Mike. They tell Eleven they are in charge and subdues them with a burst of flames.
Mike awakens in a car being driven by Sixty-Six, who explains that experiments on humans and other terrestrial life have gone on for thousands of years, their mother was one, and that to them Mike is a mere "viable specimen", but they refuse to allow anything to happen to Mike — their son. Mike becomes upset and the car ignites. They run into the woods. Eleven catches up to Sixty-Six and they fight a fiery duel to the death. Eleven wins, but Mike returns and challenges him. Holding nothing back, Mike's powers prove greater than Eleven's, destroying them utterly. Sixty-Six, wounded and dying from exposure to Earth's atmosphere, leaves Mike's questions about themselves or others like them unanswered. Mike sets their body adrift and ignites it.
Mike and Jessica leave town together, despite their misgivings about hurting them They say they can "take precautions" and produces a fire extinguisher. Back at the community centre, Bart bullies James again, and discovers a fire in their hall locker.
Cast
Main
Supporting
Notes
John Stoneham Jr. was also the stunt coordinator on the film, and performed stunts along with Thomas and Racki.
Influences and genre
Both a critic at TV Guide and reviewer Felix Vasquez Jr. assert that Specimen borrows heavily from the first two Terminator films (1984 and 1991), with Vasquez adding Firestarter (1984) and Fire in the Sky (1993).
Vasquez characterizes the television film as a science fiction melodrama.
Production
Background
Director John Bradshaw is known for having made a number of low-budget thrillers made for television, including Specimen.
Filming
Though the story's action is mostly set in the fictional American town of Eastfield, principal photography took place in Toronto, 2–23 October 1995. Shooting locations include Centre 55 (corner of Main and Swanwick), a former East Toronto police station built in the 1900s, which served as the Eastfield police station.
Music
Besides the incidental music provided by the Electronic Dream Factory, the song which plays during the opening and end credits is Lawrence Gowan's "Holding This Rage," the final track on their 1990 studio album Lost Brotherhood. Other songs from the same album on the film soundtrack include "Lost Brotherhood" and "Love Makes You Believe," the second song which plays during the end credits.
Release and reception
Specimen was broadcast on television for the first time in 1996.
Home media and streaming
Specimen was released on VHS in 1997 by A-PIX Entertainment, and on DVD (Ardustry Home Entertainment) in 1999 by the newly formed Canadian film production and distribution company Trimuse Entertainment, and again in 2003.
Specimen is available from the Canadian Hollywood Suite video on demand service and Amazon Prime.
Critical response
TV Guide'''s critic describes Specimen as "an adequate sci-fi thriller with a serviceable plot," and a "model of low-budget film production," which makes "good use" of its small-town locations, "doesn't ask its cast to do more than they are capable of," and moves "at a sure clip." However, the film fails to fulfill its potential:Given the limitless range of powers a writer could give to alien beings, one is rather disappointed that the four scribes ... couldn't come up with anything more intriguing for these beings than the ability to create fire at will. By the end of this feature, the viewer may feel like they or they have spent the last hour and a half staring into a roaring campfire. One can't fault the producers of this film for taking advantage of a story with which the public seems to have an endless fascination, though one could have hoped they might do something more interesting with it.
Felix Vasquez agrees that the film's premise "has potential to be something bigger than its low budget trappings allows," and that the film is "ridiculous and rather goofy." However, they also find the television movie "charming and entertaining" with "some decent performances," adding that in spite of its flaws, Specimen is a "fine form of guilty pleasure that works around the low budget and hammy acting and taps in to the epic angle that it projects on to the audience."
Adaptation
Felix Vasquez, who is also a comic book author-artist, saw Specimen for the first time on video in 1999 and liked it so much they made a comic book of the film.
References
External links
Official trailerSpecimen'' on Rotten Tomatoes
1996 television films
1996 films
1990s thriller drama films
1990s science fiction thriller films
Canadian thriller drama films
Canadian science fiction thriller films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by John Bradshaw (director)
Films produced by Damian Lee
Alien visitations in films
Films about psychic powers
Films shot in Toronto
Films with screenplays by Damian Lee
1990s English-language films
1990s Canadian films
The 2019 Kite Awards (Vietnamese: Giải Cánh diều 2019) is the 27th edition of Vietnam Cinema Association Awards, also the 18th edition since the award is officially named Kite. It honored the best in Vietnam film, television works of 2019. Affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, the award ceremony, which was originally planned to be held on March 15, 2020, then delayed to April 15, ended up being split into 2 small ceremonies at Hanoi on May 12 and Ho Chi Minh City on May 16.
This year, a total of 113 works participated in the award, including: 16 feature films, 13 TV drama series, 34 documentaries, 12 science films, 15 animated films, 17 short films and six film studies. The organizers do not announce the shortlist of nominees, but consider the prizes on all the above works and decide the winners.
The Happiness of a Mother won the most awards with six, including Golden Kite Award for Best Feature Film. In television, not unexpectedly, the hit show of the year Come Home, My Dear won the Golden Kite Award for Best Drama, also were the most awarded with two along with a promising acting award.
Winner and nominees
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface.
Highlighted title indicates Golden Kite for the Best Film/Drama/Study winner(s).
Highlighted title indicates Silver Kite for the Second Best Film/Drama/Study winner(s).
Highlighted title indicates Film/Drama/Study(s) received the Certificate of Merit.
Other nominees
Feature film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins:
Television film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins:
Animated film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins:
Documentary film
Science film
Short film
Film critic/theory research
Controversy
Wrongly announced the Promising Actress
A mistake of the organizers caused the announcement of the "Promising Actor in a Feature Film" award to be confused. The award originally belonged to child actor Ngân Chi, but before that, according to the press release, the award belonged to actor Oanh Kiều.
The winning of The Happiness of a Mother
"The Happiness of a Mother" has never been considered a strong or brightest candidate among the 16 films competing for the award. The film was even boycotted by the audience before it was released because it was related to the controversy of the main cast. Therefore, the fact that the film won the top prize and won 6 other individual awards raises many doubts.
Director Huỳnh Đông was also surprised because they did not think their film would win so many awards, especially the Golden Kite Award for Feature Film. However, they denied "spending money to buy prizes" as rumors behind theirs back.
See also
21st Vietnam Film Festival
39th National Television Festival
2019 VTV Awards
References
External links
Thế Giới Điện Ảnh Online – Official Vietnam Cinema Association Magazine
Vietnamese film awards
Kite Awards
Kite Awards
2019 in Vietnam
2019 in Vietnamese television
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on cinema
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on television
Bufalini may refer to:
Bufalini (surname),an Italian surname
Bufalini Chapel, chapel of the church of Santa Maria in Aracoeli, Rome, Italy
Castello Bufalini, castle-residence outside of the town of San Giustino, Umbria, Italy
See also
Bufalino (disambiguation)
Bufali
"Los Angeles" is a single written and performed by Frank Black. It was the first track on their solo debut album Frank Black, released in 1993. It served as the main theme song for the short lived but cult favorite VH1 talk show Late World with Zach. It was also featured in the soundtrack of Tony Hawk's American Wasteland as well as in Girl Skateboards' 2003 video Yeah Right!, in which the song played during Eric Koston's video part.
Also, a music video was made for the song featuring Black himself. The music video was featured on an episode of MTV's Beavis and Butt-head, and was directed by John Flansburgh of They Might Be Giants.
Composition
The song starts off with an acoustic guitar introduction. An electric guitar riff is heard after that. With an interlude back into acoustic guitar music, it ends with helicopter noises.
Asked about the lyrical inspiration, Black said, "Well, mostly I had to get it done as someone from 4AD was flying in the next day to listen. It's loosely a sci-fi poem with a kind of Blade Runner outlook, i.e., futuristic Los Angeles."
References
1993 songs
4AD singles
Black Francis songs
Songs about Los Angeles
Songs about South America
Songs written by Black Francis
Fakfak Regency - formerly spelt "Fak-Fak" - is a regency of West Papua province of Indonesia. It covers an area of 14,320 km2, and had a population of 66,828 at the 2010 Census and 87,894 at the 2020 Census. The administrative centre is the town of Fakfak.
Geography
Fakfak Regency was divided in 2002 into a reduced Fakfak Regency and a new Kaimana Regency, created by Law No. 26 of 2002, to be precise dated 12 November 2002. The regency is geographically located at 131º 531 0311 east longitude - 133º 291 1911 east longitude and 2º 301 5811 – 3º 571 5111 LS. The land area of ​​Fakfak Regency, following the division of 2002, is 14,320 km2, consisting originally of 4 (four districts) which were later divided into 9 (nine) districts (sub-divided into 106 villages) in 2004, and subsequently re-divided into 17 districts (sub-divided into 149 villages), of which the largest of Karas Distrik.
Administrative Districts
At the 2010 Census, the regency comprised nine districts (distrik), but subsequently eight additional districts have been created by splitting the original districts. These are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (142 rural desa and 7 urban kelurahan(a) in total) and offshore islands in each district, and its post code.
Note: (a) the 7 kelurahan are Fakfak Selatan (South Fakfak) and Fakfak Utara (North Fakfak) in Fakfak District, Danawaria in Fakfak Tengah District, Kokas Kota (Kokas Town) in Kokas District, and Dulanpokpok, Wagom and Wagom Utara in Pariwari District. (b) the populations of the eight new districts in 2010 are included in the figures for the original districts from which each was later split off. (c) the number of offshore islands in each of the eight new districts are included in the figures for the original districts from which each was later split off.
Demographics
The majority of the population is Muslim, the level of assimilation with the outside world has been very high for a long time (before Dutch colonization). In Fakfak Regency, there are old mosques from the 17th century, one of which is Patimburak Old Mosque which is located in Kokas District. This shows that Islam has entered Papua before the 17th century, some experts predict that it has been in since the 15th century. The people of Fakfak Regency highly uphold religious values, as evidenced by the creation of a slogan that has been around for generations in Fakfak Regency, namely Satu Tungku Tiga Batu. Based on data from Central Bureau of Statistics Fakfak Regency in 2020 which implements Islam, namely 57.79%, then Christian as much as 42.17% (Protestant 22.24% & Catholic 19.92%) and Buddhist Hindu around 0.03%. One of the largest churches in Fakfak is the Santo Yosep Fakfak Church.
Industries
Fakfak Regency has plans for industrial development, including:
PT. Priskila Prima Makmur (still a plan 2023)
GEA RSA (the electronics industry) (still a plan 2026)
References
External links
Statistics publications from Statistics Indonesia (BPS)
Regencies of West Papua (province)
Edinburgh Wax Museum was a short-lived but important tourist attraction on the Royal Mile in the late 20th century. At its peak it was attended by 230,000 visitors per year, making it one of the main attractions in Edinburgh.
It was the only waxworks in Scotland and focused on the heroes of Scottish history, containing over 150 figures in total.
History
In 1976 an entrepreneur called Charles Cameron acquired an impressive Georgian building sitting on New Assembly Close off the Royal Mile between St Giles' Cathedral and the Tron Kirk, accessed via a narrow close. It had been built in 1813 as the Commercial Bank, designed by James Gillespie Graham, replacing the New Assembly Rooms of 1766. It was one of the few survivors of the Great Fire of Edinburgh in 1824 which destroyed most surrounding buildings. A secondary function was accommodated in the evenings: the Castle Dracula Theatre starring Cameron as Count Dracula in their Gothic House of Terror. The physical conversion o the building was undertaken by the Edinburgh architect John Carlyle Hope.
Wax faces were made by Winifred Mills. The children's section was called Never Never Land.
The museum closed in March 1989 and was converted into legal offices.
Many of the exhibits were purchased by a property firm. Some rematerialised in a small wax museum in farm buildings. Some were taken by the Whisky Heritage Museum
Since 2008 there have been efforts to reopen the museum.
The building is now known as the Lord Reid Building and forms part of the Faculty of Advocates.
Exhibits
(taken from contemporary guide books)
Original figures
William Wallace, Robert the Bruce, Robert Burns, Mary Queen of Scots, Elizabeth I, James VI, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Princess Anne and their husband Captain Mark Phillips, Thomas Carlyle and their wife Jane Welsh Carlyle, Sir Walter Scott, Sir Henry Raeburn, Adam Smith, Robert Adam, Lord Byron, Lord Cockburn, John Loudon McAdam, David Hume, James Watt, Thomas Telford, John Buchan, J. M. Barrie, Robert Louis Stevenson, St. Margaret of Scotland, John Knox, James Graham, Marquis of Montrose, Sir Alexander Fleming, James Young Simpson, Keir Hardie, Ramsay MacDonald, Alec Douglas-Home, John Logie Baird, Alexander Graham Bell, Arthur Conan Doyle, Ronnie Corbett, Billy Connolly, Lulu, Moira Anderson, Sean Connery, Andrew Cruickshank, Harry Lauder, William McGonagall, Peter Manuel, Madeleine Smith, Deacon Brodie, Sawney Bean, Major Weir, Fredric March (playing Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde), Lon Chaney Jr. as the Werewolf.
Non-wax exhibits
The mummified body of James Bothwell, husband of Mary Queen of Scots.
Sets
The Massacre of Glencoe, Kate Barlass, the Execution of Mary Queen of Scots, Battle of Culloden, the Murder of Lord Darnley, the Murder of David Riccio, Bonnie Prince Charlie escaping dressed as Flora Macdonald's maid, Samuel Johnson with James Boswell, David Livingstone meeting H. M. Stanley, Queen Victoria with John Brown, The Witch Pricker.
Fictional characters
Humpty Dumpty, Little Red Riding Hood, Hansel and Gretel, Toad of Toad Hall, Frankenstein's monster, Dracula, Macbeth, Alice In Wonderland with the Duchess and Cheshire Cat, Long John Silver with Jim Hawkins, Ben Gunn and Captain Smollet, Peter Pan and Captain Hook, Peter Rabbit
Later additions
E.T., Mr. Spock, Prince Charles and Lady Diana
References
Wax museums
Tourist attractions in Edinburgh
"Skechers" is a song by American YouTuber DripReport. The track was self-released on January 12, 2020, before being re-released by Arista Records, and was produced by Ouhboy. The track is DripReport's debut single, and is also their first charting single.
On May 27, 2020, Skechers launched a Skechers A Million Mask Giveaway Dance Challenge in which Skechers donated 10 face masks to United Way of Greater Los Angeles for every dance video uploaded of the song on TikTok with hashtag #danceformasks or #MillionMaskChallenge, with @Skechers tagged in its caption. The maximum giveaway was of one million masks. The challenge ended on June 17, 2020.
Background
Most of the song's success can be attributed to social media app TikTok, where over 10 million videos have been made with the song, with a total of more than 5 billion views. The first official music video has 136 million views on YouTube, while the second music video has 6 million views.
Composition
"Skechers" is a short song, with a duration of 1 minute and 46 seconds. The track is written from the perspective of a man who's attempting to entice their romantic interest into a relationship. He's particularly fixated on the girl in question's "light-up Skechers", which inspires the title of the song itself. The lyrics are sung in a stereotypical Indian accent. It was written by DripReport and Ouhboy, the latter also producing the song. Official remixes of the song featuring American rapper Tyga and Indian rapper Badshah were later released.
The song is written in the key of A-flat minor with a tempo of 100 beats per minute.
Commercial performance
"Skechers" charted in countries including New Zealand, Norway, UK, Australia, Ireland, Sweden, Switzerland, Germany and Canada.
Charts
Certifications
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Košice Staré Mesto (literally: "Košice Old Town", ) is a borough (city ward) of Košice, Slovakia. It encompasses the historical centre of the city, consisting of the medieval and early modern core of Košice, with many preserved historical buildings of several architectural styles, and a small number of more modern architecture. The borough also includes the immediate environs of the historical centre (e.g. Mestský park ("City Park"), Staničné námestie ("Station Square") with the main train station, etc.).
Statistics
Area:
Population: 20,751 (31 December 2017)
Population density: 4,800/km² (31 December 2017)
District: Košice I
Mayor: Ing. Igor Petrovčik (as of 2018 elections)
Historical landmarks
Churches and synagogues
St Elisabeth Cathedral (Main Street)
St Michael Chapel (Main Street)
Church of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary (Dominican Church)
St Anthony of Padua Church (Main Street)
Evangelical Church (Mlynská Street)
Calvinist Church (Hrnčiarska Street)
Cathedral of the Nativity of the Mother of God (Moyzesova Street)
Orthodox Synagogue (Zvonárska Street)
New Orthodox Synagogue (Puškinova Street)
Old housing and public buildings
Levoča House (15th century townhouse and inn, Main Street)
Mikluš Prison (late-medieval city houses converted into the old city prison)
St. Urban Tower (medieval bell tower, Main Street)
State Theatre Košice (Main Street)
Captain Palace, headquarters of the Slovak Technical Museum (Main Street)
Jakab Palace (Mlynská Street)
St Charles Borromeo Seminary (Main Street)
Craftsman's Lane historical housing and workshops (Hrnčiarska Street)
Memorials and monuments
Plague Column, Košice (Main Street)
Fortifications
Lower Gate (Dolná brána) fortification complex (Main Street, exhibition)
Executioner's Bastion (Stará baštová Street, exhibition)
Ruins of city walls (Hrnčiarska Street, Mlynská Street, Hradbová Street, Čajkovskéko Street, et al.)
Ruins of the Košice citadel fortress (Liberators' Square, publicly displayed)
Ruins of the stone bridge on Elisabeth Street (publicly displayed)
Industrial heritage
Late-medieval horse mill and early modern gunpowder storeroom (Zbrojničná Street)
Stará sladovňa, 19th century Old Town brewery (Štúr Street)
Old tobacco factory Tabačka (Gorkého Street, converted into Tabačka Kulturfabrik art centre)
Museums and art galleries
East Slovak Museum (Marathon Runners' Square)
Medieval Fortifications of the City of Košice (branch exhibition, Executioner's Bastion, Stará Baštová Street)
City history exhibition (branch exhibition, Mikluš Prison, Pri Miklušovej väznici Street)
The House of Crafts (branch exhibition, Hrnčiarska Street)
Historical art exhibition (branch exhibition, Hviezdoslavova Street)
Natural history exhibition (branch exhibition, Hviezdoslavova Street)
Slovak Technical Museum (Main Street)
East Slovak Gallery (Main Street)
Lower Gate (Dolná brána) Archaeological Exhibition (Main Street)
Kunsthalle Košice - Art and exhibition centre.
Infrastructure
Košice railway station - Main railway station of the city, at Staničné námestie ("Station Square").
Gallery
Main Street (Hlavná ulica)
Other Old Town streets and squares
Religious buildings and cemeteries
Museums and art galleries
Historical fortifications
Newer buildings
Train station
See also
Old Town, Bratislava - An analogous borough in Slovakia's capital, Bratislava.
References
External links
Official website of the Košice Old Town borough
Article on the Košice Old Town borough at Cassovia.sk
Official website of Košice
Boroughs of Košice
Sjeng Kerbusch (1947 - 1 March 1991) was a Dutch behavior geneticist.
A native of Maastricht, they obtained their Ph.D. from the Catholic University Nijmegen in 1974 as the third Dutchman in this field. Kerbusch' specialism was the application of quantitative-genetic methods, especially diallel crosses and Mendelian crosses, to the analysis of behavior. From 1984-1987, they were President of the Dutch Behavior Genetics Contact Group and in 1988 they were local host for the 18th Annual Meeting of the Behavior Genetics Association held in Nijmegen, The Netherlands. Kerbusch died at Nijmegen from complications after a lung transplant.
Notable publications
References
1947 births
1991 deaths
Behavior geneticists
People from Maastricht
Dutch geneticists
Dutch psychologists
20th-century psychologists
20th-century Dutch zoologists
Foreign relations exist between the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Kingdom of Spain. Both nations are members of the Council of Europe.
History
Spain has had diplomatic relations with the Republic of Azerbaijan since February 11, 1992, shortly after its independence after the breakup of the Soviet Union.
On July 8, 1997 the President Heydar Aliyev and Foreign Minister Hasan Hasanov attended a NATO summit held in Madrid.
In 2003, foreign trade between Spain and Azerbaijan totaled $US 264.3 million during January–June 2003. $241.3 million was from the exportation from Azerbaijan to Spain of crude oil. $23 million worth of goods and services were imported from Spain. The Spanish company Repsoil is involved in oil exploration in Azerbaijan.
In the end of 2005, Azerbaijan opened an embassy in Madrid.
As of 2005, there were two pending bilateral agreements between Azerbaijan awaiting signature : the Bilateral Agreement on the Promotion and Reciprocal Protection of Investments and the Convention on the Avoidance of Double Taxation.
In 2006 Spanish diplomats met in Baku with representatives of the President's Office, Foreign Ministry, and meet opposition leaders. The delegation also met ambassadors of OSCE member states that are accredited in Baku.
See also
Foreign relations of Azerbaijan
Foreign relations of Spain
Azerbaijan–EU relations
References
Spain
Azerbaijan
2004 S.League was the ninth season of Singapore's professional football league. It was won by Tampines Rovers, which was their first league title.
Changes from 2003
Penalty kicks after draws were discontinued.
Albirex Niigata (S) are the feeder team of J.League club Albirex Niigata.
Sengkang Marine withdrew from the league at the end of 2003 season.
Foreign players
Each club is allowed to have up to a maximum of 4 foreign players.
Albirex Niigata (S) and Sinchi FC are not allowed to hire any foreigners.
League table
Top scorers
References
External links
S.League 2004
Singapore Premier League seasons
1
Sing
Sing
The western long-beaked echidna (Zaglossus bruijnii) is one of the four extant echidnas and one of three species of Zaglossus that occur in New Guinea. Originally described as Tachyglossus bruijnii, this is the type species of Zaglossus.
Description
The western long-beaked echidna is an egg-laying mammal. Unlike the short-beaked echidna, which eats ants and termites, the long-beaked species eats earthworms. The long-beaked echidna is also larger than the short-beaked species, reaching up to ; the snout is longer and turns downward; and the spines are almost indistinguishable from the long fur. It is distinguished from the other Zaglossus species by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet: three (rarely four). It is the largest extant monotreme.
Distribution and habitat
The species is found in the Bird's Head Peninsula and Foja Mountains of West Papua and Papua provinces, Indonesia, respectively, in regions of elevation between ; it is absent from the southern lowlands and north coast. Its preferred habitats are alpine meadow and humid montane forests.
Kimberley specimen
The Tring Collection of the British Museum of Natural History includes a western long-beaked echidna, with a collection label noting its collection by John T. Tunney in 1901. Curiously, the location of collection is noted as Mount Anderson, in the Kimberley region of north-west Australia. However, this species is otherwise thought to be extinct for millennia in Australia; the only other specimens of Zaglossus from Australia are fossils dated to the Pleistocene period.
It was presumed that the specimen was in fact collected from elsewhere and inadvertently attached to a Tunney collection label. Thus, the specimen received no further attention for many years.
A study by Helgen et al. (2012) examined the specimen and considered various aspects including the circumstantial improbability of a collection label misassignment, the uniqueness of ectoparasites found on the specimen, the similarity of some Kimberly forests to known habitat in New Guinea, an indigenous cave painting appearing to depict a long-beaked echidna, and the testimony of an Aboriginal elder. The study concludes that the specimen likely was collected in Australia as stated on the label. The researchers argue that the species ought to be recognised in the state's fauna as persisting into the modern era, and could potentially still be extant in poorly surveyed forests of north-western Australia; if locally extinct, reintroduction of this critically endangered species would be worth consideration.
Burbidge (2017) disputes this conclusion, arguing against each line of evidence, and concluding that the specimen is likely from New Guinea but assigned an incorrect label.
Conservation
The species is listed as Critically Endangered by the IUCN; numbers have decreased due to human activities including habitat loss and hunting. The long-beaked echidna is considered a delicacy, and although commercial hunting of the species has been banned by the Indonesian and Papua New Guinean governments, traditional hunting is permitted. In January 2013, an expedition led by Conservation International reported finding a population of the mammals as part of what they described as a "lost world" of wildlife in the Foja Mountains of Papua Province, Indonesia.
References
Further reading
Augee, M and Gooden, B. 1993. Echidnas of Australia and New Guinea. Australian National History Press
Monotremes of New Guinea
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
Mammals of Western New Guinea
Critically endangered fauna of Oceania
Mammals described in 1876
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Taxa named by Giacomo Doria
Karuna is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by K. Thankappan. The film stars Devika Madhu, Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Sankaradi. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Madhu
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Sankaradi
Devika
K. P. Ummer
T. K. Balachandran
Vijaya Rani
Renuka
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Kumaranasan and O. N. V. Kurup.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Lembit is an Estonian masculine given name.
Lembit may also refer to:
(et), the first combat ship of the Estonian Navy, formerly the gunboat Bobr of the Russian Imperial Navy
, Estonian Navy submarine, commissioned in 1937 and now a museum ship
Lembit Monument, or , Suure-Jaani, Estonia
Hawaiian ethnobiology is the study of how people in Hawaii, particularly pertaining to those of pre-western contact, interacted with the plants around them. This includes to practices of agroforestry, horticulture, religious plants, medical plants, agriculture, and aquaculture.
Conservation
Often in conservation, "Hawaiian ethnobiology" describes the state of ecology in the Hawaiian Islands prior to human contact. However, since "ethno" refers to people, "Hawaiian ethnobiology" is the study of how people, past and present, interact with the living world around them.
The concept of conservation was, like many things in pre-contact ancient Hawaii, decentralized. At the ahupuaa level, a konohiki managed the natural resource wealth. They would gather information on people's observations and make decisions as to what was kapu (strictly forbidden) during what times. Also, the concept of kuleana (responsibility) fueled conservation. Families were delegated a fishing area. It was their responsibility to not take more than they needed during fishing months, and to feed the fish kalo (Colocasia esculenta) and breadfruit (Artocarpus altilis) during a certain season. The same idea of not collecting more than what was needed, and tending to the care of "wild" harvested products extended up into the forest.
In modern times, this role is institutionalized within a central state government. This causes animosity between natural resource collectors (subsistence fisherman) and state legislature (local Department of Fish and Wildlife).
Agroforestry
Managing the forest resources around you is agroforestry. This includes timber and non-timber forest crops. Hawaiian agroforestry practices
Religious Plants
If a religious belief system influences a culture's practices in how to perceive and manage their environment, then that plant is part of a "sacred ecology". Hawaiian sacred plants include awa (Piper methysticum), which was used both religiously as a sacrament, and by the common people as a relaxant/sedative. Other religious plants that have shaped ecology are Ki (Cordyline fruticosa) Kalo. Ki is a sterile plant, so the wide distribution of the plant across the main Hawaiian islands indicated human activity; if not directly planted, then through gravitational fragmentation.
Kalo was the staple starch crop of the Hawaiian diet. In Hawaiian genealogy, Haloa was the first born of Papa (Earth Mother) and Wakea (Sky Father). They were a still birth, so Papa went out and buried Haloa. Haloa then sprouted into the first kalo plant. Their second son they also named Haloa. They were charged with the kuleana to always care for their older brother. The historical Hawaiian people draw their direct lineage from Haloa, and did, and some still do, assume their responsibility to care for kalo. This responsibility, and need for food, drove the building of huge kalo growing complexes called loi.
References
Ethnobiology
Environment of Hawaii
In 2000, typhoid fever caused an estimated 21.7 million illnesses and 217,000 deaths. It occurs most often in children and young adults between 5 and 19 years old. In 2013, it resulted in about 161,000 deaths – down from 181,000 in 1990. Infants, children, and adolescents in south-central and Southeast Asia experience the greatest burden of illness. Outbreaks of typhoid fever are also frequently reported from sub-Saharan Africa and countries in Southeast Asia. In the United States, about 400 cases occur each year, and 75% of these are acquired while traveling internationally.
Historically, before the antibiotic era, the case fatality rate of typhoid fever was 10–20%. Today, with prompt treatment, it is less than 1%. However, about 3–5% of individuals who are infected develop a chronic infection in the gall bladder. Since S. e. subsp. enterica is human-restricted, these chronic carriers become the crucial reservoir, which can persist for decades for further spread of the disease, further complicating the identification and treatment of the disease. Lately, the study of S. e. subsp. enterica associated with a large outbreak and a carrier at the genome level provides new insights into the pathogenesis of the pathogen.
In industrialized nations, water sanitation and food handling improvements have reduced the number of cases. Developing nations, such as those found in parts of Asia and Africa, have the highest rates of typhoid fever. These areas have a lack of access to clean water, proper sanitation systems, and proper health-care facilities. For these areas, such access to basic public-health needs is not in the near future.
Ancient Greece
In 430 BCE, a plague, which some believe to have been typhoid fever, killed one-third of the population of Athens, including their leader Pericles. Following this disaster, the balance of power shifted from Athens to Sparta, ending the Golden Age of Pericles that had marked Athenian dominance in the Greek ancient world. The ancient historian Thucydides also contracted the disease, but they survived to write about the plague. Their writings are the primary source of information on this outbreak, and modern academics and medical scientists consider typhoid fever the most likely cause. In 2006, a study detected DNA sequences similar to those of the bacterium responsible for typhoid fever in dental pulp extracted from a burial pit dated to the time of the outbreak.
The cause of the plague has long been disputed and other scientists have disputed the findings, citing serious methodologic flaws in the dental pulp-derived DNA study. The disease is most commonly transmitted through poor hygiene habits and public sanitation conditions; during the period in question related to Athens above, the whole population of Attica was besieged within the Long Walls and lived in tents.
16th and 17th centuries
A pair of epidemics struck the Mexican highlands in 1545 and 1576, causing an estimated 7 to 17 million deaths. A study published in 2018 suggests that the cause was typhoid fever.
Some historians believe that the English colony of Jamestown, Virginia, died out from typhoid. Typhoid fever killed more than 6,000 settlers in the New World between 1607 and 1624.
Nineteenth century
A long-held belief is that 9th US President William Henry Harrison died of pneumonia, but recent studies suggest they likely died from typhoid.
This disease may also have been a contributing factor in the death of 12th US President Zachary Taylor due to the unsanitary conditions in Washington, DC, in the mid-19th century.
During the American Civil War, 81,360 Union soldiers died of typhoid or dysentery, far more than died of battle wounds. In the late 19th century, the typhoid fever mortality rate in Chicago averaged 65 per 100,000 people a year. The worst year was 1891, when the typhoid death rate was 174 per 100,000 people.
During the Spanish–American War, American troops were exposed to typhoid fever in stateside training camps and overseas, largely due to inadequate sanitation systems. The Surgeon General of the Army, George Miller Sternberg, suggested that the War Department create a Typhoid Fever Board. Major Walter Reed, Edward O. Shakespeare, and Victor C. Vaughan were appointed August 18, 1898, with Reed being designated the president of the board. The Typhoid Board determined that during the war, more soldiers died from this disease than from yellow fever or from battle wounds. The board promoted sanitary measures including latrine policy, disinfection, camp relocation, and water sterilization, but by far the most successful antityphoid method was vaccination, which became compulsory in June 1911 for all federal troops.
Twentieth century
In 1902, guests at mayoral banquets in Southampton and Winchester, England, became ill and four died, including the Dean of Winchester, after consuming oysters. The infection was due to oysters sourced from Emsworth, where the oyster beds had been contaminated with raw sewage.
The most notorious carrier of typhoid fever, but by no means the most destructive, was Mary Mallon, also known as Typhoid Mary. In 1907, they became the first carrier in the United States to be identified and traced. They were a cook in New York, who was closely associated with 53 cases and three deaths. Public-health authorities told Mary to give up working as a cook or have their gall bladder removed, as they had a chronic infection that kept them active as a carrier of the disease. Mary quit their job, but returned later under a false name. They were detained and quarantined after another typhoid outbreak. They died of pneumonia in 1938, after 26 years in quarantine.
A well-publicised outbreak occurred in Croydon, Surrey, now part of London, in 1937. It resulted in 341 cases of typhoid (43 fatal), and it caused considerable local discontent. While repair work was being performed on the primary well, the water supply was no longer being filtered and chlorinated. The infection was traced to one repair workman, who was (unwittingly) an active carrier of typhoid.
A notable outbreak occurred in Aberdeen, Scotland, in 1964, due to contaminated tinned meat sold at the city's branch of the William Low chain of stores. There were three deaths connected with the outbreak, and over 400 cases were diagnosed.
Twenty-first century
In 2004–05 an outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo resulted in more than 42,000 cases and 214 deaths. Since November 2016, Pakistan has had an outbreak of extensively drug-resistant (XDR) typhoid fever.
In 2020 a meta-analysis of reports of drug resistant typhoid fever revealed that among all Typhi isolates, 9,056 (25.9%) of 34,996 were resistant to chloramphenicol, 13,481 (38.8%) of 34,783 to ampicillin, and 13,366 (37.9%) of 35,270 to trimethoprim–sulfamethoxazol. Of isolates in the time periods 2005 –2009, 2010–2014, and 2015–2018; 2.1%, 4.1%, and 6.7% were resistant to azithromycin, indicating a steady increase in resistance to first-line treatment. Multi-drug resistant (MDR) typhoid remains prevalent in Asia, with resistance developing to an increasing number of antimicrobial classes such that extensively-drug resistant (XDR) Salmonella Typhi is now a major threat. MDR Salmonella Typhi is a growing problem in Africa.
References
Epidemiology
Typhoid fever
The 2010 African U-20 Women's World Cup Qualifying Tournament was the 5th edition of the African U-20 Women's World Cup Qualifying Tournament, the biennial international youth football competition organised by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) to determine which women's under-20 national teams from Africa qualify for the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
Players born on or after 1 January 1990 are eligible to compete in the tournament. The top two teams of the tournament Ghana and Nigeria qualified for the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Germany as the CAF representatives.
Preliminary round
In this preliminary round, São Tomé and Príncipe withdrew from competition before the start of the 1st leg. As a result, Central African Republic qualified for the next round.
Mozambique, Kenya, Togo, and Sierra Leone all withdrew from preliminary competition.
|}
Uganda won 3−1 on aggregate and advanced to the fisrt round.
Réunion won 7−2 on aggregate and advanced to the fisrt round.
Central African Rep. won on walkover after São Tomé and Príncipe did not appear for the fisrt leg and advanced to the fisrt round.
First round
In the first round, Tunisia, Ghana, and Zambia qualified for the next round after that Egypt, Congo and Uganda withdrew from competition before the start of the 1st leg.
There were no matches due to withdrawal of Mozambique, Kenya, Togo and Sierra Leone. As a result, Zimbabwe and Nigeria qualified for the next round.
|}
DR Congo won 3−1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.
Namibia won on penalties free kick 4−3 after a draw of 3−3 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.
South Africa won 6−3 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.
Tunisia won on walkover after Egypt did not appear for the fisrt leg and advanced to the second round.
Ghana won on walkover after Congo did not appear for the fisrt leg and advanced to the second round.
Zambia won on walkover after Uganda did not appear for the fisrt leg and advanced to the second round.
Second round
|}
DR Congo won 3−2 on aggregate and advanced to the third round.
Ghana won 3−0 on aggregate and advanced to the third round.
South Africa won 7−2 on aggregate and advanced to the third round.
Nigeria won 10−1 on aggregate and advanced to the third round.
Third round
The winners of the two Third Round matches will qualify directly to the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup held in Germany.
|}
Ghana won 5−0 on aggregate and qualified for 2010 FIFA U20 W-WC.
Nigeria won 12−3 on aggregate and qualified for 2010 FIFA U20 W-WC.
Qualified teams for FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup
The following two teams from CAF qualified for the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
References
External links
Official schedule and results
African U-20 Women's World Cup qualification
CAF
wome
2010 in youth association football
M. Wintermute (, Martha Vandermark; pen name, Mrs. M. Wintermute; September 6, 1842 – January 1, 1918) was an American author and poet whose poems appeared in The Youth's Companion, as well as other papers and magazines. They were a writer of some celebrity, and the author of a volume entitled Eleven Women and Thirteen Men (1887).
Early years and education
Martha Vandermark (alternate spellings, Vandemark and Van Demark) was born in Berkshire, Ohio, September 6, 1842. They were the daughter of Daniel Van Demark (1805–91) and Sophronia Hitchcock (1808–91), who had married in 1841. Daniel was a son of Benjamin Van Demark, of Holland. They were a descendant of the Symmeses, of Holland, who at an early period settled upon the Island of Barbados, and acquired title to a large portion of it. Sophronia descended from the Puritan stock of New England, and was a member of one of the most distinguished families of Connecticut, being a sister of Samuel Hitchcock, of great celebrity, also of Alma Platt, a literary woman, and the mother of Orvil Hitchcock Platt, a United States Senator from Connecticut. Sophronia's father, Benjamin Hitchcock, of Connecticut, entered the American Revolutionary Army at the age of seventeen years and served to the close of the war. They were the father of Samuel Hitchcock, the philanthropist, and of Benjamin Hitchcock, for many years an author and the editor of the New Haven, Connecticut Palladium. Their oldest daughter became the wife of a son of Elbridge Gerry, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, and also a Vice President of the United States.
Roswell Dwight Hitchcock, the theologian, and Allen Hitchcock, the soldier and author, and Edward Hitchcock, the geologist, were of the same ancestors.
Wintermute wrote verses at the age of ten. At the age of sixteen, they wrote a poem entitled "The Song of Delaware," which they brought before the public by reading it on their graduation from the Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio.
Career
That poem was soon followed by others, which were received with favor by the public. In 1863, they married Dr. Alfred Wintermute (1825-1902), of Newark, Ohio, and for a number of years thereafter, they did not offer any poetry to the public.
In 1888, they began the revision and publication of their writings. In 1890, they brought out in a volume entitled Eleven Women and Thirteen Men, a prose story in the interest of temperance, also containing approximately 100 pages of their poetry, revised and corrected. After the publication of that volume, they published in the newspaper press a number of miscellaneous poems consisting of Easter Anthems, Decoration Day Poems, verses read before pioneer societies, and some on moral and religious topics.
Personal life
The husband practiced medicine for two years at Berkshire and then removed to Newark, Ohio. In the year 1869, they located on a farm near the old "Fort" within two miles of Newark, and were comfortably situated in a farm residence. They were members of the Baptist Church, and were the parents of four children, named Willard Clyde, Josephine Maud, John Adams and Charles Alfred. A few years later, they moved back to Newark. Wintermute died January 1, 1918, in Newark.
Selected works
Eleven Women and Thirteen Men, 1887
Notes
References
Attribution
External links
1842 births
1918 deaths
19th-century American poets
19th-century American women writers
People from Delaware County, Ohio
Poets from Ohio
American women poets
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Daughters of the American Revolution people
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
is a Japanese actor, gravure idol, and TV personality from Tokyo. Since 2009, they have used the stage name .
In the level Graniny Gorki Lab of the PlayStation 2 video game Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, there is a poster of Haruna Yabuki.
Filmography
Film
The Incredible Truth (2013)
Space Sheriff Sharivan: NEXT Generation (2014)
Tokyo Tribe (2014)
Twisted Justice (2016)
TV series
Tokumei Kakaricho Tadano Hitoshi (TV Asahi, 2003)
Vampire Host (TV Tokyo, 2004)
Engine (Fuji, 2005)
Shimokita Glory Days (TV Tokyo, 2006)
Uranaishi Tenjin (CBC, 2006)
Seishun Energy Dandori Musume (Fuji TV, 2006)
Bishōjo Celebrity Panchanne (TV Tokyo, 2007)
Shinjuku Swan (TV Asahi, 2007)
Kuroi Taiyo '07 Special (TV Asahi, 2007)
Kimi Hannin Janai yo ne? (TV Asahi, 2008, ep7)
Yume o Kanaeru zo (YTV, 2008)
Koi no Kara Sawagi Drama Special Love Stories V (NTV, 2008)
See also
List of Japanese gravure idols
References
External links
Personal blog
1984 births
Japanese gravure models
Japanese idols
Japanese female adult models
Japanese radio personalities
Japanese television personalities
Japanese actores
Living people
Jemimah Puddleduck is an album by the rock group of the same name. It was recorded live at several different concerts in 1999 and 2000, and released in 2000.
The band Jemimah Puddleduck is based in the San Francisco Bay Area, and led by guitarist and singer Mark Karan, who is also a member of Bob Weir's band RatDog. At the time their self-titled first album was recorded, Jemimah Puddleduck also featured John Molo (who had previously played with Bruce Hornsby, The Other Ones, and Phil Lesh and Friends) on drums, Bob Gross (Albert King, Delaney Bramlett) on bass, and Arlan Schierbaum (Richie Kotzen) on keyboards.
Track listing
"Don't Look Back" (Robinson, White) – 7/17/99, Ventura Theater, Ventura CA
"U Can Stay but th' Noize Mus' Go" (Watson) – 7/17/99, Ventura Theater, Ventura CA
"Rock Your Papa" (Karan) — 1/19/00, Humptie's, Tahoe City CA
"Memphis Radio" (Sheller) – 1/19/00, Humptie's, Tahoe City CA
"Time Will Tell" (Karan) – 7/17/99, Ventura Theater, Ventura CA
"My Car is So Groovy" (Schierbaum) – 3/3/00, Ventura Theater, Ventura CA
"Bait the Hook" (Karan) – 1/19/00, Humptie's, Tahoe City CA
"She" (Parsons) – 1/19/00, Humptie's, Tahoe City CA
"Annie Don't Lie" (Call) – 3/3/00, Ventura Theater, Ventura CA
Credits
Musicians
Mark Karan – guitar, lead vocals
John Molo – drums, percussion
Bob Gross – bass, backing vocals
Arlan Schierbaum – Wurlitzer, B-3, lead vocal on "My Car is So Groovy"
Production
Produced by Mark Karan
Engineered by Arlan Schierbaum and Blake Beman
Mastered by Technovoice, Studio City CA
Artwork by Mikio Kennedy
Photography by Alan Hess
Design and layout by Mark Karan and Alan Hess
Stage and Road Crew
"Big Jake" Loveridge
"Larry the Duck" Loveridge
References
Jemimah Puddleduck on the Homegrown Music Network
Jemimah Puddleduck on JamBase
Cook, Dennis. "A Fillmore Friday the 13th" (concert review), JamBase, February 22, 2004
Jemimah Puddleduck on Blue Mountain Artists
External links
Mark Karan's official web site
Jemimah Puddleduck on MySpace
Jemimah Puddleduck albums
2000 live albums
Grace Ebun Delano (born 13 November 1935, in Kaduna) is a nurse and midwife who has played a key role in pioneering family planning and reproductive health services in Nigeria. They co-founded the Association for Reproductive and Family Health of which they were director for many years, has acted as consultant for many different organisations across Africa, and has written and co-authored numerous books and articles on women's health and related topics. In 1993, they were given the World Health Organization Sasakawa Award for their work in health development.
Early life and education
Grace Ebun-Oluwa Samuel was born in Kaduna on 13 November 1935 to Yoruba parents. Them name Ebun-Oluwa means gift from God in Yoruba: they were born unexpectedly to a forty-four-year-old mother with one other child, a ten-year-old boy. They grew up aware that their mother had had a series of difficulties with pregnancy and child mortality.
Them mother, who had little schooling herself, supported their daughter's enthusiasm for education and let them go to school in Lagos when they were thirteen. However, before Grace moved to Lagos, they attended their first primary school in a mixed school called United Native African School, in Kaduna, in the Northern state of Nigeria from 1940 to 1944. In 1945, they moved to an all-boys school called Government School in Kaduna which was headed by a strict principal called Mr. Salako who was forced to admit the first two girls in the school. Delano won a scholarship that allowed them to move to more advanced schools, ending with the Abeokuta Grammar School. With help from their mother and brother Delano travelled to England in 1956 for three years of nursing training. After that they studied midwifery and then trained as a district nurse. This was when they came across women who wanted help to space their pregnancies out, and they took the opportunity to go to lectures in family planning and the use of the diaphragm. Delano returned to Nigeria in 1961 and the following year got a job in the maternity unit at University College Hospital, Ibadan. By then they were married to the future judge Tunde Delano.
Career
Them work as maternity staff nurse led to them joining a project started by an Ibadan University professor, and they became the nurse in charge of the first university teaching hospital family planning programme in Nigeria. Over the years the programme spread from urban to rural areas,
and from hospital-based provision to community-based initiatives, including distributing supplies through traditional markets. This work came to involve visits abroad: at first trips to the US for training, and later on Delano went as a consultant to many other African countries. Much of their work was funded or part-funded by international agencies like USAID, Pathfinder International and the Ford Foundation.
After they wrote a straightforward informational book on family planning the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) paid for it to be printed and distributed in five languages. They went on to write several other books and has written or co-written numerous academic health-related articles. UNFPA also supported their pioneering clinical manual on the IUCD.
In the 1980s they were connected with the Center for Development and Population Activities (CEDPA) which used to organise leadership development training for women, especially supporting health and education initiatives. It is now part of Plan USA. Delano began to feel more confident about public speaking, and went to conferences, meeting other female leaders, and planning strategies to help women, especially with reproductive issues.
While still working within Ibadan University (she left in 1992) Delano started to work with community organisations to develop a new NGO which became the independent Association for Reproductive and Family Health (ARFH). It expanded, added adolescent sexual health and other areas to its concerns and worked with the government on HIV/AIDS projects. ARFH educational and counselling materials are used in many African countries. A key colleague in this work was Professor O.A. Ladipo, president of ARFH. Delano was vice-president and director for more than 25 years. In November 2015, around the time of their 80th birthday, there was an event with retirement and valedictory lectures in their honour. Grace authored many published work. They published 9 research works with 130 citations and 1126 reads that are accessible online.
 They are regularly described with phrases like “a veteran reproductive health leader in Nigeria”, and "veteran Nurse/Midwife with an outstanding career in Reproductive Health and Family Planning management spanning over 50 years."
Positions and awards
Chief Executive and Vice President of the Nigerian Association for Reproductive and Family Health (ARFH)
World Health Organization Sasakawa Award 1993
Award of Excellence for significant contributions to the success of the Nigerian Urban Reproductive Health Initiative (NURHI). (Funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to increase the use of modern family planning (FP) methods among the urban poor of six cities.)
Consultant on reproductive health to many organisations in Nigeria and in other African countries.
Country Co-ordinator for Johns Hopkins School of Public Health - Communication Programs
Fellow of the West African College of Nursing
Fellow of Institute for Humanitarian Studies and Social Development
Secretary General for the Professional Association of Midwives of Nigeria
Adviser to the International Planned Parenthood Federation
Award by the Society for Obstetrician and Gynecologists
Publications
Promoting Dual Protection in Family Planning Clinics In Ibadan Nigeria
Guide to Family Planning
Answers to Question Adolescents Ask on Sexuality
Implant contraception in an NGO-managed primary health facility in Ibadan, Nigeria
Assessing the Level of Preparedness of Private Health Providers for Clinical Management of HIV/AIDS Epidemic in Nassarawa State, Nigeria. African Journal of Reproductive Health (AJRH)
The role of HIV/AIDS prevention campaigns on HIV-related behavioural changes in Ibadan, Nigeria
Community based distribution agents' approach to provision of family planning information and services in five Nigerian States: A mirage or a reality?
References
Nigerian midwives
Living people
1935 births
People from Kaduna
Nigerian nurses
Yoruba women nurses
University of Ibadan faculty
Nigerian women academics
Yoruba women academics
Nigerian consultants
Zubair Torwali is a community activist, linguist and educator based in Bahrain, Pakistan who has sought to preserve and promote Pakistan's Dardic cultures and languages. They have authored and supervised a number of books in and about Torwali. Their book in English, Muffled Voices, provides insight into Pakistan's social, cultural, and political issues. Zubair Torwali is the Editor of "We Mountains" magazine which covers the culture of the Pakistani Himalayas. The author is a prolific writer of research papers and articles written for English dailies and weeklies of Pakistan.  They are the founder of Idara Baraye Taleem-o-Taraqi, an organisation promoting the rights of marginalised language communities of northern Pakistan.  They are author, researcher and public speaker.
 They are a member of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, a Fellow of Japan's 2013 Asian Leadership Fellow Program and was shortlisted for the International Bremen Peace Award 2015. Mr. Torwali is also a Public Peace Prize laureate
“…for their extraordinary commitment to giving a voice to the unheard by helping increase literacy in the indigenous people of Northern Pakistan”.
They were awarded the 2012 Hellman-Hammett Grant by Human Rights Watch." In 2021 I.B.T. whose Director is Zubair Torwali was chosen for the Linguapax International Award. A graduate of Jahanzeb College in Swat, Pakistan, they have completed master's studies at University of Peshawar.
Works
Books
Vestiges of Torwali Culture by Zubair Torwali
Muffled Voices, Longing for a Pluralist and Peaceful Pakistan by Zubair Torwali
Paradise Visage by authors including Zubair Torwali
Academic journals
Criterion Quarterly: Malakand Division: Conflicts, Floods and Response by Zubair Torwali
Criterion Quarterly: The Ignored Dardic Culture of Swat by Zubair Torwali
Journal of Languages and Culture: The Ignored Dardic Culture of Swat by Zubair Torwali
Brandeis University: International Justice: Language Culture and Justice Hub: Zubair Torwali, Contributing Member]
American Pakistan Foundation: Linguistic Diversity in Pakistan, interview of Zubair Torwali
References
External links
Google Scholars: Pakistan: Zubair Torwali
Living people
Dard people
Pakistani democracy activists
People from Swat District
Pakistani social scientists
Humanities academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Whole Truth () is a 2021 Thai supernatural mystery thriller film directed by Wisit Sasanatieng, written by Abishek J. Bajaj and starring Sompob Benjathikul, Sadanont Durongkaweroj and Steven Isarapong. It was released on Netflix on December 2, 2021.
Cast
Sompob Benjathikul
Sadanont Durongkaweroj
Steven Isarapong
Thasorn Klinnium
Mac Nattapat Nimjirawat
Keetapat Pongrue
Nicole Theriault as Mai
Tarika Tidatid
Sutatta Udomsilp as Pim
References
External links
2021 films
Thai-language films
Thai-language Netflix original films
Thai horror films
Haunted house films
Thai ghost films
Gothic horror films
Two human polls comprised the 1964 NCAA University Division football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 30, at the end of the 1964 regular season, a month before the bowls. The poll ranked only the top ten teams from 1962 through 1967.
Final Coaches' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on December 1.Alabama received 22 of the 35 first-place votes; Arkansas received seven, Notre Dame four, and Michigan two.
Source:
Notre Dame did not participate in bowl games from 1925 through 1968.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pac-8 conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
Volodymyr Illich Paniotto (born in Kyiv on January 22, 1947) is a Ukrainian sociologist, doctor of philosophical sciences, Director General of the Kyiv International Institute of Sociology (KIIS), professor at the Sociology Department of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy.
Career
After their graduation in 1970 from the Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics of the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, they worked at the Philosophy Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic as a researcher and eventually as a chair of the Sector for Computer Modeling of Social Processes. In 1990 and 1991, they chaired the Department for Methodology and Methods in Sociology at the Sociology Institute of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. In 1991 and 1992, they were a professor at the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. Since 1992, they have been the Director of the Kyiv International Institute of Sociology, which they co-founded together with Valeriy Khmelko and Michael Swafford. Since 1992, they have also been a professor at the Sociology Department of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy. They have participated in professional development programs at Columbia University and Munich University. During two semesters (in 1993 and 1995), they were a visiting professor at Johns Hopkins University.
Volodymyr Paniotto is a member of the Directing Council of the Sociological Association of Ukraine. 1996 to 2005, they were the national representative of the European Society for Opinion and Marketing Research (ESOMAR).  They are also a member of the World Association for Public Opinion Research (WAPOR), the American Association for Public Opinion Research (AAPOR), and the International Sociological Association (ISA). From 2006, they have been the Vice-President of the Ukrainian Marketing Association (UMA). Prof. Paniotto is one of the two Ukrainian sociologists (the other one being Evgeniy Golovakha) included into the 2002 edition of "Who is Who in the World".
Volodymyr Paniotto serves on editorial boards of a number of Ukrainian and Russian professional journals: "Sociology: Theory, Methods, Marketing", "Marketing Research", "Statistics of Ukraine", "4M: Methodology, Methods, Mathematical Modeling in Sociology".  They are well known for their expertise in social science research methods. Besides methodological issues, including sociometric data analysis and exit polls, they also published research on poverty, occupational prestige, and xenophobia. Overall, Prof. Paniotto has published 10 books and over 200 articles and chapters (see Володимир Ілліч Паніотто. Бібліографічній покажчик. Серія "Вчені НаУКМА" випуск 17. – ВД "Академія", 2007. – 73 с.). The book "Why a Sociologist Needs Mathematics", co-authored with Valentyn Maksymenko, won the second prize at the general Soviet Union contest of about 400 publications (see Марина Марківна Попова: Memoria / сост.: М. Б. Кунявській, Є. В. Лисенко, О. Р. Личковська. - Одеса: Астропринт, 2011. – С. 414.)
Selected publications
Books
1. Статистический анализ социологических данных. Kиев: Издательский Дом "KM Академия", 2004. – 270 p. (в соавторстве с В.Максименко и Н.Харченко). На украинском языке.
2. Опыт моделирования социальных процессов. Под ред. В.Паніотто. - Київ: Наукова думка, 200 с., 1989
3. Почтовый опрос в социологическом исследовании. В соавт. с Ю.Яковенко.- Киев: Наукова думка, 138 с., 1988
4. Качество социологической информации. - Киев: Наукова думка, 206 с., 1986
5. Количественные методы в социологических исследованиях. В соавт. с В. Максименко - Киев: Наукова думка, 272 с.,1982
6. Структура межличностных отношений. Kиев: Наукова думка, 128 с., 1975
Articles
Ukrainian movement for perestroika ("Rukh"): results of a sociological survey. – Soviet Studies, Vol.43, No.1, Glasgow, 1991.
Social Structure and Personality under Conditions of Radical Social Change: A Comparative Analysis of Poland and Ukraine. – American Sociological Review, 1997, August, Vol. 62, N.4 (with M.Kohn and others).
V. Paniotto. The level of anti-semitism in Ukraine. – International Journal of Sociology. Fall 1999, vol.29, No.3. – P.66–75.
N. Kharchenko, V. Paniotto. Poverty profiles and coping mechanisms in Ukraine. – Poverty in Transition Economies. Ed. by S.Hutton and G.Redmond. Routledge, London-N.Y., 2000. – P. 91–109.
В. Паніотто, Н. Харченко. Социологические исследования как способ контроля результатов выборов и референдумов // Социология: теория, методы, маркетинг. – 2001. – №1. – С. 155–170.
Паніотто В.І., Хмелько В.Є. Динаміка ставлення населення до незалежності України та фактори, що ії визначають. – Десять років соціально-економічних перетворень в Україні: спроба неупередженої оцінки / Ред. І. Бураковський. – Київ: "К.І.С.", 2002. – C. 23–28.
Paniotto V., Shiraev E. Ukraine: Fears and Uncertainty. - Fears in Pos-Communist Societies. A Comarative Perspective. Ed. by V.Shlapentokh and E.Shiraev. – N.Y.: Palgrave, 2002. – P. 67–80.
В. Мітофскі, М. Едельман, В. Паніотто, Н. Харченко. Опитування "екзит пол": історія, розвиток, методологія. – Загальнонаціональні опитування exit poll. – К.: Заповіт, 2002. – C. 9–17.
M. Kohn, V. Paniotto, K. Slomczynsky and others. Structural Location and Personality During the Transformation of Poland and Ukraine // Social Psychology Quarterly, vol.65, No.4, December 2002. – P. 364–386.
M. Kohn, V. Khmelko, V. Paniotto, Ho-Fung Hung. Social structure and personality During the process of Radical Social change: A Study of Ukraine in Transition. – Comparative Sociology, 2004, vol.3, issue 3-4.
V. Paniotto. Presidential Elections 2004 and the Orange Revolution. – Election Time, Vienna, 2005.
O. Bekh, E. Murrugarra, V. Paniotto, T. Petrenko, V. Sarioglo. Ukraine School Survey (Design Challenges, Poverty Links, and Evaluation Opportunities). – Are You Being Served? New Tools for Measuring Service Delivery. Ed.by S.Amin,J.Das, M.Goldstein. – The World Bank. – Washington, 2008. – C. 251–270.
В. Паніотто. Динаміка ксенофобії і антисемітизму в Україні (1994–2007) – Соціологія: теорія, методи, маркетинг. 2008, N.1. – C. 197–214.
S.J.Bromet, S.F.Gluzman, N.L.Tintle, V.I.Paniotto, C.P.M.Webb, V.Zakhozha, J.M.Havenaar, Z.Gutkovich, S.Kostyuchenko and J.E.Schwartz. The State of Mental Health and Alcoholism in Ukraine. – The WHO World Mental Health Surveys. Global Perspectives on the Epidemiology of Mental Disorders/ Ed.by R.C.Kessler, N.B.Ŭstün. Cambridge University Press, 2008. – P. 431–447.
V. Paniotto, N. Kharchenko. What Poverty Criteria Are Best for Ukraine? – Problems of Economic Transition, vol.51, no. 7, November 2008. – P. 5–12.
N. Kharchenko and V. Paniotto. Exit Polling in an Emergent Democracy: The Complex Case of Ukraine. Survey Research Methods (2010), Vol.4, No.1. – P. 31–42.
V.Paniotto, N.Kharchenko. Metodyka i tekhnolohiia provedennia Natsionalnoho ekzyt-polu 2010. – K.: Fond «Demokratychni initsiatyvy» im.I.Kucheriva, 2011. S. 17-32
V.Paniotto. Ihor Semenovych Kon: foto komentar, lystuvannia. Sotsiolohiia: teoriia, metody, marketynh. 2011, N.2, c. 3-9
Paniotto V.I., Kharchenko N.M. Hlava 32. Metodychni osoblyvosti provedennia ekzyt-poliv. – Sotsiolohiia polityky: pidruchnyk u 2-kh chastynakh. Za red. V.A.Poltoraka, O.V.Petrova, A.V.Tolstoukhova – K.: Vydavnytstvo Yevropeiskoho un-tu, 2011, t.2, chastyna 2, s.283 – 301.
R.Lenchovskyi, V.Panyotto, V.Khmelko. K soedynenyiu smыslov y chysel v otobrazhenyy sotsyalnoi realnosty (yz opыta poyska putei). – Sotsiolohichna kultura: chysla i smysly. Materialy Mizhnarodnykh sotsiolohichnykh chytan pam»iati N.V.Paninoi. – K.: Instytut sotsiolohii NANU, 2011. – 172 s. s.25-54
V.Panyotto, N.Kharchenko. Kryzys v metodakh oprosa y puty eho preodolenyia. –
o Sotsyolohyia: teoryia, metodы, marketynh, 2012, N.1, c. 3-20
V.Panyotto. «Kryzys v metodakh oprosa y puty eho preodolenyia»: soobrazhenyia po teme mezhdunarodnoi konferentsyy. – Vestnyk obshchestvennoho mnenyia. Dannыe. Analyz. Dyskussyy. 2012, N 4(110), s.113
V.Panyotto, N.Kharchenko. Kryzys v metodakh oprosa y puty eho preodolenyia. –
Vestnyk obshchestvennoho mnenyia. Dannыe. Analyz. Dyskussyy. 2012, N 1(111), s.100-108
V.Paniotto, A.Hrushetskyi. Chy shche ne vmerlo modeliuvannia? Istoriia sotsialnoho modeliuvannia v Ukraini ta ahentno-oriientovanyi pidkhid na prykladi prohnozuvannia movnoi sytuatsii v Ukraini. – Suchasni metody zboru i analizu danykh v sotsiolohii / Za naukovoiu red. Ye.I.Holovakhy i T.Ia.Liubyvoi. – K.: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, 2013. – 140s.
V. Panyotto. Ukrayna. Evromaidan. Vestnyk obshchestvennoho mnenyia. Dannыe. Analyz. Dyskussyy. 2013, N 3-4(116), s.3-16
V.Paniotto. Amosov i modeliuvannia sotsialnykh protsesiv. - Sotsiolohiia: teoriia, metody, marketynh, 2014, N.1, c. 199-206
A.Mazurok, V.Panyotto, N.Kharchenko. Faktorы эlektoralnoi populiarnosty VO «Svoboda». – Sotsyolohyia: teoryia, metodы, marketynh, 2014, N.2, c. 82-100
V.Paniotto. Euromaidan: Profile of a Rebellion. - Global Dialogue, 2014, Volume 4, Issue 2
V.Panyotto. Evromaidan. Do y posle pobedы. Vestnyk obshchestvennoho mnenyia. Dannыe. Analyz. Dyskussyy. 2014, N 1-2(117), s.135-140
V.Panyotto. Evromaidan vnutry y snaruzhy: rezultatы sotsyolohycheskykh yssledovanyi. - – K.: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, 2015. – s.15-33 164s.
V. Panyotto, V. Khmelko. Vstrechy s Yadovыm. - Sotsiolohichni chytannia pamiati Natalii Paninoi i Volodymyra Yadova. Vystupy ta ese / Za nauk. red. Ye.I. Holovakhy ta O.H. Stehniia. — K.: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, 2016. — s.114.
V.Panyotto, N.Kharchenko. Stratehyia yssledovanyia. - Marketynh v Ukraini, 2016, N1-2, s.41-57
V.Paniotto. Chynnyky shchastia i sotsialna napruzhenist. – Problemy rozvytku sotsiolohichnoi teorii: strukturni zminy i sotsialna napruzhenist. Materialy IV Mizhnarod. Nauk.-prakt. Konferentsii. – K.: Lohos, 2017
V.Paniotto. Metody opytuvan v Ukraini: istoriia ta suchasni problemy. – Metodolohiia i metody sotsiolohichnykh doslidzhen v Ukraini: istoriia i suchasni problemy. Do 70-richchia Volodymyra Paniotto: zbirnyk statei za materialamy konferentsii, 22 sichnia, m.Kyiv. – Kyiv: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, KhNU imeni V.N.Karazina, 2017. – 208 s., s.12-27
V.Paniotto. Formuvannia natsionalnoi vybirky za umov aneksii Krymu i okupatsii chastyny Donbasu. – Novi nerivnosti – novi konflikty: shliakhy podolannia. Tretii konhres Sotsiolohichnoi asotsiatsii Ukrainy. Tezy dopovidei. – Kharkiv: SAU, KhNU imeni V.N.Karazina, 2017. – s.22
V.Panyotto. Ystoryia vыborochnыkh yssledovanyi v Ukrayne: opыt sotrudnychestva s Nykolaem Churylovыm y Lesly Kyshem. – Ukrainske suspilstvo: shcho my znaiemo, choho ne znaiemo i choho unykaiemo? Materialy Mizhnarodnykh sotsiolohichnykh chytan pamiati N.V.Paninoi. – Kyiv: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, 2017. – 152 s., s.51-61
V.Paniotto. Metody i dosvid doslidzhennia parlamentu Ukrainy. - SOMA ShchORIChNA MIZhNARODNA KONFERENTsIIa «PARLAMENTSKI ChYTANNIa». – Kyiv, Laboratoriia zakonodavchykh initsiatyv, 2017. – 110s., s. 5-11.
V. Paniotto, Yu. Sakhno, A. Piaskovska. Dynamika rivnia shchastia ta yoho determinanty. Ukraina 2001 – 2017. - Sotsiolohiia: teoriia, metody, marketynh, 2018, N1- S.84-101
N.Kharchenko, V.Paniotto, O. Perverzyev. Up-to-date view on the crisis in survey methods and ways to overcome. – Ukrainian Sociology in the 21st Century. Theory, Methods. Research results. Ed by V.Bakirov, Y.Golovakha. - Kharkiv: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, KhNU imeni V.N.Karazina, SAU, 2018. – 559p. p.173-190
V.Panyotto. Anekdotы o marketynhe y reklame. Chast 1. - Marketynh v Ukraini, 1918, N6
V.Paniotto. Dovira naselennia Ukrainy do sotsiolohichnykh opytuvan (2002-2018) - Marketynh v Ukraini, 2019, N1, s.4-11
V.Panyotto. Anekdotы o marketynhe y reklame. Chast 2. - Marketynh v Ukraini, 2019, N4, s.66-70
V.Paniotto. Rozvytok metodiv sotsiolohichnykh doslidzhen v Instytuti filosofii AN URSR (1968-1990rr). – Akademichna sotsiolohiia v Ukraini (1918-2018). U 2-kh tomakh. Tom 2. Spohady, interviu, statti. – Kyiv: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, 2019. – 345 s. , s.45-54
V.Paniotto. Maibutnie metodiv sotsiolohichnykh doslidzhen.- Sotsiolohiia maibutnoho i maibutnie sotsiolohii v KhKh1 stolitti. – Kyiv: Instytut sotsiolohii NAN Ukrainy, 2019. – 128 s., s.49-65
V.Panyotto. Anekdotы o marketynhe y reklame. Chast 3. - Marketynh v Ukraini, 2019, N6, s.63-68
Paniotto V.I. The attitude of Ukraines population to Russia and Russias population to Ukraine (2008–2020). - Naukovi zapysky NaUKMA. Tom 3. Sotsiolohichni nauky. – 2020, s.3-14
References
1947 births
Ukrainian sociologists
Living people
"Oh How the Years Go By" is a song written by Simon Climie and Will Jennings. It was originally included on Climie's debut solo album Soul Inspiration in 1992 and released as a single in 1993, but failed to chart.
Cover versions
Amy Grant cover
Shortly after its initial release, singer-songwriter Amy Grant covered the song and included it on their 1994 album House of Love. It was the sixth release from that album.
Original album version (5:15), available on the House of Love album
Radio edit, available on the single with an audio introduction
Original album version with audio introduction, available on the single
Live version (4:35), available on the Time Again... Amy Grant Live album
Vanessa Williams cover
In 1996, the song was covered by actor-singer Vanessa Williams and included on the Polygram various artist compilation album NBA at 50 - A Musical Celebration. It was later included on their 1997 studio album Next and released as a single. Them version went to number 6 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Vanessa Williams Sings Oh How the Years Go By - Miss America 2016, September 13, 2015
Amy Grant songs
Vanessa Williams songs
Songs with lyrics by Will Jennings
Songs written by Simon Climie
The Institute of Solid State Physics (ISSP; ) of the Russian Academy of Sciences is a research institution, located in the small town of Chernogolovka near Moscow in Russia. Founded on February 15, 1963, the institute has grown to become one of the largest physics institutes in the country. Its main fields of research are condensed matter physics and materials science.
About the institute
The Institute of Solid State Physics was established on February 15, 1963 by the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (now the Russian Academy of Sciences). The main organizers of the institute were Georgii Kurdyumov, Yuri Osipyan, and Cheslav Kopetsky. Osipyan was the director of the institute from 1963 to 2001. During their tenure as the director, they contacted students from universities such as Lomonosov Moscow State University and brought them to the institute for practical training and education. They were principal research adviser of the institute from 2002 to 2008.
The institute has 22 laboratories, and more than 200 physical scientists and engineers. It carries out research in theoretical and experimental condensed matter physics and physical metallurgy. The fundamental insights gained in these fields are also applied to develop new technologies. The institute is one of the leaders in areas such as superconductivity, physics of fullerenes, physics of defects, crystal growth, amorphous and nanocrystalline materials, and other areas of condensed matter physics.
The institute is also an educational center; it provides education and training to undergraduate as well as doctorate students in physical sciences. Students from Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys, and Faculty of Physics and Division of Physical Chemistry of Lomonosov Moscow State University are allowed to study and train at the institute. The Department of General and Applied Physics of MIPT collaborates with the institute.
The institute also organizes conferences and seminars on various areas of condensed matter physics.
Andre Geim obtained their PhD from the institute in 1987, they would go on to win the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2010 "for groundbreaking experiments regarding the two-dimensional material graphene".
Laboratories
The institute has 22 laboratories:
Laboratory of Spectroscopy of Defect Structures was one of the first laboratories established within ISSP. It carries out research in fields such as superconductivity, the electronic properties of extended defects in semiconductors, etc.
Laboratory of Nonequilbrium Electron Processes was established in 1976 and carries out research in fields such as Bose–Einstein condensate.
Laboratory of Electronic Kinetics was established in 1974 by Vsevolod Gantmakher. It carries out research in the fields such as electron scattering and superconductivity that occurs in disordered materials.
Laboratory of Quantum Transport was established in 1988 and carries out research in transport properties of low-dimensional semiconductors at ultra-low temperatures and in quantizing magnetic fields.
Laboratory of Quantum Crystals carries out research in fields of quantum fluid, quantum solid and transport properties in condensed matter systems.
Laboratory of Superconductivity carries out research in various fields of superconductivity.
Theoretical Department carries out research in fields such as spintronics, nanostructures and quantum cryptography.
Laboratory of Structural Research carries out research in fields such as structure and phase transitions in amorphous metals, nanocrystalline materials, scintillators, fullerenes, and other materials.
Laboratory of Real Structure of Crystals carries out research concerning to arise of stable defects and how they move in crystals in highly excited states.
Laboratory of Spectroscopy of Semiconductor Surfaces was founded in 1980 by Vitas A. Grazhulis. It carries out research in atomic and electronic structure of metal compounds (such as manganites), transport properties of semiconductors, and so forth.
Laboratory of High Pressure Physics carries out investigations in phase transition in solids; it also carries out studies in crystalline, nanocrystalline, amorphous metals and carbon nanostructures.
Laboratory of Optical Strength and Diagnostics of Crystals was organized in 1987. During the initial period, it investigated the interactions of intense laser radiation with solids and technological development of optical devices, which had the ability to withstand radiation fluxes with an average power of tens of kilowatts (kW). The laboratory carries out research concerning, among others, the optical diagnostics of crystals.
Laboratory of Materials Science carries out research in various aspects of material sciences and metallurgy.
Laboratory of Reinforced Systems carries out investigations in fiber composites with ceramic matrix composites (CMC) and metal matrix composites (MMC), and formation of nano-structure in amorphous alloys of iron and cobalt.
Laboratory of Internal Boundaries in Metals was founded in 1983. It carries out research in kinetics and thermodynamics of individual grain and interphase boundaries, grain boundary phase transitions, grain growth, grain boundary diffusion, and migration of grain boundary diffusion.
Laboratory of Crystallization from High-Temperature Solutions carries out investigations in fields such as phase equilibrium in oxide systems and single crystal growth.
Profiled Crystals Laboratory was founded in 2007. It investigates growing volume and profiled crystals melt, and develops technologies for growing shaped sapphire crystals, and new materials and coatings based on silicon carbide (SiC).
Laboratory of Controlled Crystal Growth carries out investigates various aspects of crystal growth.
Laboratory of Physical-Chemical Basis of Crystallization carries out investigation in the melt growth of single crystals of inorganic compounds and the chemical physics behind the compounds.
Laboratory of Materials for Electrochemical Technologies was established in July 2013. It carries out research in the development of new materials for solid oxide fuel cells (SOFC), ceramic membranes and similar devices.
Nanolithography Sector investigation include among others the formation of new techniques of optical and electron nanolithography.
Department of Special Materials Processing carries out research in the production of graphite, crystal, quartz and glass articles.
References
External links
Official Website of Institute of Solid State Physics
1963 establishments in the Soviet Union
Institutes of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Physics institutes
The spotted honeyguide (Indicator maculatus) is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae.
It is found in Angola, Benin, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Togo, and Uganda.
References
spotted honeyguide
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
spotted honeyguide
spotted honeyguide
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of notable events in Latin music (music from the Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking areas of Latin America, Latin Europe, and the United States) that took place in 1986.
Events
February 24The 28th Annual Grammy Awards are held at The Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.:<
Lani Hall wins the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Performance for Es Facil Amar.
Vikki Carr wins the Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Performance for Simplemente Mujer.
Tito Puente wins the Grammy Award for Best Tropical Latin Performance for Mambo Diablo.
October 4Billboard establishes the Hot Latin 50 chart (now known as the Hot Latin Songs chart). On the printed publication "Yo No Sé Qué Me Pasó" by Juan Gabriel is the first number-one song on the chart. On the Billboard electronic database however, "La Guirnalda" by Rocío Dúrcal, is the first number one song on the week ending 6 September 1986.
Bands formed
Bands reformed
Bands disbanded
Bands on hiatus
Number-ones albums and singles by country
List of number-one albums of 1986 (Spain)
List of number-one singles of 1986 (Spain)
List of number-one Billboard Latin Pop Albums of 1986
List of number-one Billboard Regional Mexican Albums of 1986
List of number-one Billboard Tropical Albums of 1986
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs of 1986
Awards
1986 Tejano Music Awards
Albums released
Best-selling albums
The following is a list of the top 5 best-selling Latin albums of 1986 in the United States divided into the categories of Latin pop, Regional Mexican, and Tropical/salsa, according to Billboard.
Births
Deaths
References
Latin music by year
The Last of the Blue Devils, subtitled The Kansas City Jazz Story, is a 1979 film documentary with notable figures from the history of Kansas City jazz starring Count Basie and Big Joe Turner. The film was produced and directed by Bruce Ricker.
The film was made at two musical gatherings of old Kansas City hands in 1974 at the Mutual Musicians Foundation, the Kansas City African-American Musician's Union, and consists largely of impromptu musical performances by Turner, Basie, Jay McShann, Jimmy Forrest, and Ernie Williams in various combinations, as well as film from a concert by the full Count Basie Orchestra at the University of Kansas in Lawrence.
The Blue Devils of the title were the Oklahoma City Blue Devils a travelling band of the 1930s founded by bassist Walter Page that included Basie, Lester Young, Buster Smith and Oran "Hot Lips" Page. Many of the same musicians ended up in the Bennie Moten Orchestra which ultimately became the Count Basie band.
Songs in the film include "One O'Clock Jump", "Honey Hush", "Rose Garden", "Chains of Love", "Shake, Rattle and Roll", and a performance by the Basie Orchestra of "Night Train" featuring a lengthy improvisation on tenor saxophone by the song's writer, Jimmy Forrest.
References
External links
Documentary films about jazz music and musicians
Music of Kansas City, Missouri
1979 films
1979 documentary films
Nangang may refer to:
Mainland China
Nangang District, Harbin (南岗区)
Nangang Railway Station (南岗站), station of the Guangzhou–Shenzhen Railway in Nangang, Huangpu District, Guangzhou
Taiwan
Nangang District, Taipei (南港區)
Nangang station (南港站), metro, Taiwan Railways, and Taiwan High Speed Rail station in Nangang, Taipei
Travis E. Huxman is an American plant physiological ecologist.
Early life and education
Huxman completed their Bachelor of Science and Master's degree from the California State University, San Bernardino and their PhD in biological science at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Career
University of Arizona
Following their postdoctoral research position at the University of Colorado, Boulder, Huxman became an assistant professor at the University of Arizona. Upon joining the faculty, they earned funding for their project "Development of Riparian Evapotranspiration and Ecohydrologic Models to Predict Changes in and Consequences of Riparian Water Availability." During their tenure at the University of Arizona, they led their efforts to acquire ownership of Biosphere 2 and transform it into a laboratory for scientific research. They were later appointed the director of Biosphere 2 and co-director of the Arizona Center for STEM teachers. In these roles, they also co-authored a journal article calling for greater recognition of the role of humans in causing and exacerbating water scarcity.
University of California, Irvine
Huxman left the University of Arizona in 2012 to become a professor in the department of ecology and evolutionary biology and director of the Center for Environmental Biology at the University of California, Irvine (UCI). Following this, they were elected a Fellow of the Ecological Society of America for "advancing our understanding of plant ecophysiology, with fundamental work on the ecology and evolution of functional traits in plants, the effects of climate change on ecosystems, and the factors influencing restoration and conservation." As the director of the UCI Sustainability Initiative, the Center for Environmental Biology, and the Steele/Burnand Anza-Borrego Desert Research Center, Huxman was also awarded the Outstanding University Service award.
In 2020, Huxman was also elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science for "distinguished contributions to the field of physiological plant ecology, particularly functional trait evolution and influence in ecosystems under global change."
Personal life
Huxman and their wife Kim have two daughters together.
References
External links
Living people
California State University, San Bernardino alumni
University of Nevada, Las Vegas alumni
University of Arizona faculty
University of California, Irvine faculty
Fellows of the Ecological Society of America
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Year of birth missing (living people)
South Fork Cross Creek is a long 2nd order tributary to Cross Creek in Washington County, Pennsylvania. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Course
South Fork Cross Creek rises about 1 mile southwest of Hickory, Pennsylvania, in Washington County and then flows west-southwest to join Cross Creek about 1.5 miles southeast of Avella.
Watershed
South Fork Cross Creek drains of area, receives about 40.0 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 342.64, and is about 49% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Washington County, Pennsylvania
Alessandra Maiorino (born 24 July 1974) is an Italian politician of the Five-Star Movement, who serves as a Senator.  They are a member of the Legislature XVIII of Italy.
Biography
Education
They graduated in Classics, they obtained the teaching qualification in 2012. They have taught in Italy, Germany and Qatar. They collaborated with the online newspaper Cronache Laiche, which deals with secularism, civil rights and politics.
Election as Senator
In the general elections of 2018 they were elected to the Senate of the Republic in the plurinominal electoral college Lazio - 02 under the Movimento 5 Stelle party. From 3 July 2018 to 16 October 2019 they held the role of Vice-President of the International Area of the 5-Star Movement Parliamentary Group in the Senate under the Conte I Government.  They are a member of the 1st Permanent Commission (Constitutional Affairs), of the pre-eminent Commission for the protection and promotion of human rights and of the Commission of Inquiry on Femicide.  They are also a member of the Italian Parliamentary Delegation to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.
On 16 October 2019 they were appointed deputy leader of the Movimento 5 Stelle parliamentary group in the Senate.
On 31 March 2022, Senator Maiorino introduced a bill to legalize same-sex marriage.
References
Living people
1974 births
21st-century Italian women politicians
Italian politicians
Five-Star Movement politicians
20th-century Italian women
The Peel Thunder Football Club is an Australian rules football club playing in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and WAFL Women's (WAFLW). The team is based in Mandurah, Western Australia, with their home ground being Rushton Park. The club joined the WAFL as an expansion team in 1997.
Since 2014 Peel have been in a formal alignment with the Fremantle Dockers of the Australian Football League, an arrangement which sees Fremantle's reserve players play for Peel.
History
Peel Thunder Football Club was formed in 1996 after the West Australian Football Commission (WAFC) granted a ninth licence in the WAFL to the Mandurah-Peel region. The licence was issued on the condition that the club be ready to compete in the 1997 Westar Rules season. Geoff Miles was appointed as the club's inaugural coach and Phil Gilbert appointed captain. The Thunder managed just one win in 1997 and finished last on the ladder, with Scott Simister winning the inaugural best and fairest. They managed another one-win season in 1998, before going winless in 1999.
In March 2011, the club was fined $10,000 for breaching salary cap rules involving player payments to midfielder Rory O'Brien during the 2009 season.
Between 1997 and 2014, the Thunder failed to qualify for the finals, with their best season coming in 2008 when they recorded an 8–12 win–loss record and a sixth-place finish. During that time, they collected nine wooden spoons, including three in a row twice (1997–99 & 2011–13), and finished second last seven times.
In 2014, Peel became directly aligned with the Fremantle Dockers of the Australian Football League, an arrangement which saw Fremantle's reserve players playing exclusively for Peel in the WAFL for the first time. In 2015, the second season of this arrangement, Peel qualified for the finals for the first time in its history, finishing third on the ladder with a club-best record of 13–7. Due to Fremantle's decision to rest a host of its key AFL players ahead of their finals campaign, the majority of Peel's usual Fremantle contingent was called up for AFL duties, which impacted Peel's ability to field a competitive team against West Perth in the qualifying final. As a result, Peel was blown out of the water by West Perth, losing their first finals game 145–36. Despite regaining many of their Fremantle players for their semi-final clash against East Perth the following week, they were knocked out of the finals with an 84–62 defeat at the hands of the Royals.
In 2016, the Thunder finished the home and away season in fourth place on the ladder with an 11–9 record. Despite a drop off from 2015, Peel headed into the WAFL finals with a huge boost thanks to Fremantle's poor season in 2016. With Fremantle missing the finals in 2016, it provided Peel with a huge contingent of players for their finals campaign. Behind 17 Docker-listed players, the Thunder won three do-or-die finals in a row against East Perth, West Perth and South Fremantle respectively to reach their first ever WAFL grand final. In the grand final, Peel defeated Subiaco by 23 points to win their first WAFL premiership. Peel's midfield had too much running power and grunt inside for Subiaco, with Docker Connor Blakely winning the Simpson Medal on the back of 38 possessions. Fellow Docker Ed Langdon was also an important contributor with 39 disposals, eight marks and a goal.
Peel were a foundation member of the WAFL Women's competition in 2019. The club recorded their first senior women's premiership in the competition in the 2020 season.
Honour board
Honours
Club honours
Individual honours
Sandover Medallists: (2) 2002: Allistair Pickett, 2008: Hayden Ballantyne
Simpson Medallists: (2) 2016: Connor Blakely, 2017: Luke Ryan
Records
Highest score: Round 11, 2001 – 23.11 (149) vs. Swan Districts at Bendigo Bank Stadium
Lowest score (official): Round 1, 2004 – 0.0 (0) vs. Claremont at Rushton Park – the team's on-field score of 10.10 (70) was annulled for playing Peter Bird with an invalid permit
Lowest score (on-field) : Round 16, 2016 – 1.5 (11) vs. West Perth
Greatest winning margin: Round 2, 2017 – 86 points vs. East Fremantle at Bendigo Bank Stadium
Greatest losing margin: Round 3, 1999 – 195 points vs. South Fremantle at Fremantle Oval
Source: WAFL.com.au
AFL draftees
The following is a list of Peel Thunder players who have been drafted to clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL). Players currently on an AFL list are listed in bold:
Source: PeelThunder.com.au
References
External links
West Australian Football League clubs
WAFL Women's
Sport in Mandurah
Australian rules football clubs in Western Australia
Australian rules football clubs established in 1996
1996 establishments in Australia
Weißig is a municipal subdivision of Freital in Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district. It consists of two other villages, Oberweißig and Unterweißig.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1235. Since 1 January 1974, Weißig has been a municipal subdivision of Freital.
Population
External links
Website of Weißig (German)
Weißig in Historisches Ortsverzeichnis von Sachsen (German)
References
Former municipalities in Saxony
Freital
Peshastin is a small unincorporated community in Chelan County, Washington, United States. The community's roots are found in the "Peshastin Ditch" dug by pioneers beginning in 1889. This ditch was an important part of the overall irrigation system in the area, delivering water to the orchards on the slopes above Cashmere. The town was first platted in the early 1890s by two brothers, J. Q. Gilbert and A. C. Gilbert. It is also noted on an 1895 map of the area, indicating it was in existence by then.
Today, Peshastin is still a small community with one elementary school and a library.
Geography
Peshastin is located in the valley of the Wenatchee River with the communities of Leavenworth upstream and Dryden downstream. The valley floor is located at approximately 1,034 feet above sea level, with peaks rising to over 2,000 feet within a mile of Peshastin on both sides of the river.
U.S. Route 2 passes Peshastin on the south side of the river, connecting the community with the regional center of Wenatchee where the Wenatchee River meets the Columbia River, about 19 miles by road to the southeast. U.S. 2 has a junction with U.S. Route 97 about a mile southeast of Peshastin.
References
External links
Peshastin community website
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
Unincorporated communities in Chelan County, Washington
Korus may refer to:
Korus, Iran
South Korea–United States Free Trade Agreement (KORUS)
New Zealand national korfball team, nicknamed "The Korus"
Max Korus (born 1988), American professional racing cyclist
See also
Koru (disambiguation)
Corus (disambiguation)
Chorus (disambiguation)
The 1982 Ealing Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Mount Reinhardt () is a mountain 1,020 m, with a spur descending northeast from it, standing at the northwest portal of Good Glacier where the latter flows into Ross Ice Shelf. Discovered by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) on Flight C of February 29-March 1, 1940, and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Commander Charles O. Reinhardt, U.S. Navy, engineer for U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47) and for Little America IV.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Ann Bonfoey Taylor (3 December 1910 – 28 October 2007) was an American aviator, flight instructor and fashion designer.
Early life
Taylor was born in Ardmore, Pennsylvania, U.S. to a wealthy family which owned a pharmaceutical and dye manufacturing company, Putnam Dyes. They grew up in Quincy, Illinois, with three brothers. When they were six years old their father introduced them to flying in an open cockpit biplane, and when they were 12 they hired an instructor to teach them to fly.
Adult life
When Taylor was 18, in 1928, they moved to Vermont, where they took up snow skiing and earned a place on the 1940 Olympic Ski team for the United States. Unfortunately the games were cancelled due to the outbreak of World War II. They also played competitive tennis and competed at Wimbledon, England.
In 1941, Taylor enrolled at the University of Vermont as an aviation student and earned their commercial flight instructor's license, and after the U.S. became involved in the war they worked as a trainer for U.S. Army and Navy pilots. Following the war Taylor started a business designing and making ski clothes. Although it was initially a cottage industry operating in their own home, they used their connections in fashion magazines and photography and had their designs featured in Harper's Bazaar magazine, leading to a significant increase in orders. They soon opened a shop in Stowe, Vermont, and the New York City stores Bergdorf Goodman and Lord & Taylor carried their line. Taylor closed the business after a few years when they moved to Texas at their second husband's request.
Personal life
Taylor was married twice: firstly in 1928, aged 18, to James Cooke, with whom they had two children; and secondly in 1947 to Vernon Taylor, with whom they had four children.
Legacy
In 2008, Taylor's widower gifted their collection of haute couture day and evening wear to the Phoenix Art Museum and in 2013 the Georgia Museum of Art staged an exhibition of over 200 pieces. The exhibition included pieces from leading designers such as Mariano Fortuny, Charles James, James Galanos, Cristóbal Balenciaga, Hubert de Givenchy and Madame Grès. It also included some of Taylor's own skiwear designs and sportswear as well as accessories by Hermés, Louis Vuitton, Gucci and Henry Maxwell.
References
1910 births
2007 deaths
People from Ardmore, Pennsylvania
American aviators
American fashion designers
American women fashion designers
American fashion businesspeople
American flight instructors
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
Kerr Point () is a point southeast of Georges Point, on the east side of Rongé Island, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897–99, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for Adam J. Kerr, Second Officer of RRS Shackleton, who sounded the adjacent Errera Channel in 1956–57.
References
Headlands of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Józef Weyssenhoff Square is an open place in the downtown district of Bydgoszcz, Poland; several of its buildings are registered on the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship Heritage List.
Location
The area links Adam Mickiewicz Alley, Ossoliński Alley and Powstańców Wielkopolskich alley. Northern facades date back to the late 19th century style, while southern ones display modernist features from the first decade of the 20th century.
Naming
1906–1920, Bülowplatz, after Bernhard von Bülow;
1920–1933, Plac Zacisze ("Tranquility Square")
1933–1939, Plac Józefa Weyssenhoffa, after Józef Weyssenhoff, Polish writer and literary critic, who lived at No.1 from 1924 to 1928;
1939–1945, Johann Fichte Platz, after Johann Gottlieb Fichte;
Since 1945, Plac Józefa Weyssenhoffa.
The current name refers to Józef Weyssenhoff (1860-1932), a Polish writer, novelist, poet, literary critic, publisher
who lived at the tenement at No.1 in the 1920s.
History
The square was founded in 1903 in the same conditions as Adam Mickiewicz Alley. It is a triangular square from which radiated:
Bülow straße (today Adam Mickiewicz Alley) to the north west;
Hohenzzolernstrasse (today Ossoliński Alley to the south-east;
in the late 1930s, Powstańców Wielkopolskich alley to the east.
In the middle was planted flowerbeds, shrubs and trees. In 1926, coniferous and deciduous trees were put.
Between 1905 and 1911, a frontage of five-story apartment buildings have been built, following Art Nouveau and Historicism styles.
Architecture
Frontages of Józef Weyssenhoff Square compose a complex of townhouses inscribed in the German variant of Art Nouveau architecture (). Predominant forms evoke quietness, through varied bay windows, divided balconies and loggias integrating wavy lines, wavy gables, vaulted windows and portals. Decoration combines organic themes with geometric forms, like rectangular and square shapes, grouped in series and friezes. The ensemble reminds also Baroque style at by applying domes avant-corps and towers topped with peaks.
Some of the architects who designed those buildings had a significant influence on Bydgoszcz urbanism:
Rudolf Kern who built also tenements in Gdańska Street at No.5, No.67, No.66-38, No.71;
Erich Lindenburger who constructed also in Dworcowa Street (No.41,43,45,47);
Paul Böhm who realized houses on August Cieszkowski Street in Bydgoszcz at No.1 and 3;
Józef Święcicki, known for its dozens of realization in Gdańska Street;
Bogdan Raczkowski, designer of the Polonia Bydgoszcz Stadium and the Antoni Jurasz university hospital in the 1930s.
For almost the entire post-war period, tenements have been property of the state. In 1990, the city of Bydgoszcz owned them back, but at the time, they were falling into disrepair as a result of underinvestment, lack of maintenance and general neglect of Art Nouveau monuments. Buildings have been restored after 2002.
Main buildings
Tenement at 1 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
1905–1906, by Rudolf Kern
Art Nouveau
This is the house where Józef Weyssenhoff in from 1924 to 1928; a plaque has been placed on the facade in memoriam.
Both facades display bay windows with loggias or balconies. A richly decorated frieze runs at the bottom of the gable boasting dormers.
Tenement at 2 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
1927, by Bogdan Raczkowski
Modern Architecture
House on the border of the Sielanka district, displaying a mix of functionalist style (left side) and eclectic shapes (right side) with a loggia and Mansard roof.
Tenement at 3 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
1905–1910, by Erich Lindenburger
Art Nouveau
Tenement at 4 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
1933, by Eugeniusz Wellman
Modern Architecture
Functionalist edifice, abutted to No.2.
Tenement at 5 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
Registered on Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship heritage list, No.743201-Reg.A/1573 (October 29, 2010)
1908–1909, by Paul Böhm
Art Nouveau
At the beginning of the 20th century, Wiktor Weynerowski, entrepreneur and father of Antoni Weynerowski, lived there.
The facade display 3 levels of balconies. The building has been recently refurbished.
House at 6 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
1934–1935, by Konstanty Dzielinski
Modern Architecture
Functionalist house, similar to buildings down Ossoliński Alley.
Tenement at 7 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
1909-1910
Art Nouveau
The facade is characterised by a balanced, even symmetry around the large arcade running above the entry gate. This round motif is recurrent through the whole frontage, from the ground level arcades up to the curved pediment.
Tenement at 9 Józef Weyssenhoff Square
Registered on Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship heritage list, No.725836-Reg.A/1522 (March 20, 2009)
1910–1911, by Georg Baesler
Art Nouveau
Building of the Institute of Agriculture
Registered on Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship heritage list, No.601254-Reg.A/676/1-8 (May 20, 1992)
Józef Weyssenhoff Square No.11
1903–1906, by H. Delius
Eclecticism
The architectural ensemble of the Institutes of Agriculture in Bydgoszcz occupies an area of 7.5 hectares, between J. Weyssenhoff Square, Ossolińsky Alley, Powstańców Wielkopolskich Alley and Karol Szymanowski Street. The western area is laid out with buildings, the eastern one is a 5 ha zone of field vegetation, with livestock, greenhouses and a barn.
See also
Bydgoszcz
Józef Weyssenhoff
Ossoliński Alley in Bydgoszcz
Adam Mickiewicz Alley in Bydgoszcz
References
External links
Library of UKW - University of Bydgoszcz
Bibliography
Weyssenhoff
Streets and squares in Bydgoszcz
Villas in Bydgoszcz
Mazocraeidea is an order in the subclass Polyopisthocotylea within class Monogenea.
The species of this order have various structures in the clamps of their posterior attachment organ, including additional sclerites in the Gastrocotylidae and related families. However, these additional sclerites, and even the clamps themselves, are lacking in certain members of the family Protomicrocotylidae.
Families
According to PESI
Anthocotylidae Bychowsky, 1957
Axinidae Monticelli, 1903
Chauhaneidae Euzet & Trilles, 1960
Diclidophoridae Fuhrmann, 1928
Diplozoidae
Discocotylidae Price, 1936
Gotocotylidae Yamaguti, 1963
Heteraxinidae Unnithan, 1957
Hexostomatidae Price, 1936
Mazocraeidae Price, 1936
Microcotylidae Taschenberg, 1879
Octolabeidae
Plectanocotylidae Monticelli, 1903
Protomicrocotylidae Johnston & Tiegs, 1922
Pyragraphoridae Yamaguti, 1963
According to the World Register of Marine Species
Allodiscocotylidae
Allopyragraphoridae
Anchorophoridae
Anthocotylidae
Axinidae
Bychowskicotylidae
Chauhaneidae
Diclidophoridae
Diplozoidae
Discocotylidae
Gastrocotylidae
Gotocotylidae
Heteraxinidae
Heteromicrocotylidae
Hexostomatidae
Macrovalvitrematidae
Mazocraeidae
Megamicrocotylidae
Microcotylidae
Monaxinoididae
Neothoracocotylidae
Octolabeidae
Paramonaxinidae
Plectanocotylidae
Protomicrocotylidae
Pseudodiclidophoridae
Pterinotrematidae
Pyragraphoridae
Bicotylophoridae accepted as Discocotylidae
Cemocotylidae accepted as Heteraxinidae
Thoracocotylidae accepted as Neothoracocotylidae
References
Platyhelminthes orders
Polyopisthocotylea
Newton Blossomville is a village in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It is a civil parish, sharing a joint parish council with Clifton Reynes. At the 2011 census, the population of the parish was 329, an increase of 17.5% on the 280 figure for 2001
It is located in the north of the Borough, about two and a half miles east of Olney & quarter of a mile from the Bucks/Beds border, just outside the village.
The village name 'Newton' is an Old English language word meaning 'new village' or 'new homestead'. It was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 under the holdings of Clifton Reynes (Clystone) as not much was left of the original settlement. Called 'Niwetone' when first named independently in 1175, it gained the affix 'Blossevill', referring to the family name of the lords of the manor in the 13th century.
Services
Today, the main services remaining in the village are the Newton Blossomville Church of England 1st School and the Old Mill public house (previously The Old Mill Burned Down). The village post office has been closed for many years, as is common for other villages of this size. The nearest railway station, in Turvey, was closed when the Bedford to Northampton Line was closed in the 1960s; although some of the line remains, it is unused and overgrown, although a section is used as private access from the village to a farm in Spring Lane, Clifton Reynes.
Notable former inhabitants
Sir Thomas Armstrong
Rosemary Rapaport
References
External links
'Newton Blossomville', Victoria History of the Counties of England: A History of the County of Buckingham: Volume 4 (1927), pp. 422–425.
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Chang Kee-ryo (14 August 1911– 25 December 1995) was a surgeon, educator, and philanthropist of South Korea. They established Gospel hospital, in Busan, Korea, in 1951, during the Korean War. In 1979, they won the Ramon Magsaysay Award "for their practical, personal Christian charity and in founding the Blue Cross Health Cooperative in Pusan".
Bibliography
Early life and education
Chang Kee-ryo was born at Yongcheon, Pyonganbukdo on 14 August 1911, the second child of father Chang Woon-seop and mother Choi Yun-kyeong. They left Uiseong primary school in February 1923 and went to Songdo High School at Gaeseong until March 1928. From there, they entered Gyeongseong Medical School in 1928 and graduated in 1932. After graduation, they entered Gyeongseong Medical School as an assistant at the surgery department and became a disciple of Professor Paik Inje of the Korean Surgical Society. In 1932, they married Kim Bong-sook, the eldest daughter of Kim Ha-sik, a physician; they had three sons and three daughters.
In 1938, they worked as a lecturer in Gyeongseong's entire surgery. In order to keep their promise to God that they would become a doctor who helped the poor who did not receive medical care due to lack of money at the time of the most rigorous and competitive entrance exam of the medical school. In September 1940, they obtained their Ph.D. in Nagoya University in bacteriological studies on appendicitis.
Education
When they were seriously contemplating their future career in their youth, their father's business failure made their family finances difficult and they applied to Gyeongseong Medical School because of its government-supported tuition. At this time, they swore to be a doctor for poor patients if it was God's will that they become a doctor. They graduated from the medical school at the top of their class.
After graduation, they entered Gyeongseong Medical School as an assistant to study further under Professor Paik Inje, the Korean surgical authority.
In 1940, they were awarded a doctoral degree in medicine in relation to the bacteriological study of appendicitis. And they worked as a surgical teacher at the University of Pyongyang and Kim Il Sung University in 1947.
Korean War
In December 1950, when U.N. and South Korean troops recaptured Pyongyang, Chang was treating wounded soldiers at a university hospital and field hospital. When the South Korean army withdrew from Pyongyang, they were taking a patient transport ambulance to the South. They found their wife and children in the ranks of the refugees, but they could not stop and ask for a ride for their family because the emergency patients were on board. Only their second son, who came to deliver their luggage, came to South Korea with him. They had regarded it as a lifelong regret.
In the following year, wishing to help refugees from the North, Chang set up a tent in Yeongdo-gu, Busan, and established the Clinic of Gospel, which was a precursor to the current Gosin Hospital, to provide free medical treatment for the poor until June 1976.
Blue Cross movement and liver research
Hospital costs were too high for the poor in the 1960s without health insurance. They created the Blue Cross Medical Cooperative, modeled after the Northern European Medicare System in 1968, and became the parent of the Korean health care insurance system. At that time, South Korea's first medical insurance union succeeded with one belief that it could not overburden the poor despite the lack of understanding and financial difficulties surrounding it.
They were the first in Korea to successfully remove a lump of liver cancer from the liver in 1943 and, in 1959, they succeeded in mass decontamination of liver cancer patients. Their work on liver blood vessels and microstructure has helped relieve the pain of many patients with liver diseases and contributed greatly to the development of liver disease and medical talent in Korea's overseas sciences.
For their services, they were awarded the Order of National Merit (Dongbaeg medal) in 1976, the Magsaysay Award (community service sector) in 1979, and the humanitarian award for practice in 1995. They have been praised as a saint of Korea for their philanthropy and their services to the poor, in spite of their suffering from diabetes in their old age. Their grave is within the Moran park in Maseok, Gyeonggi-do. They were awarded the Order of the National Merit (Mugunghwa medal) in 1996. They were inducted into the Korea Scientists and Engineers Hall of Fame in 2006.
Achievements
Research
Chang has dissected a dead body of a patient who has cellulitis and sepsis. Through this experience, they researched seven more sepsis cases and published their paper "Rereoperitoneum Cellulitis" in The Journal of the Japanese Surgical Society. They were awarded the degree of Doctor of Medicine at Japan Nagoya University for publishing "Bacteriological Research on Appendictius and Peritonitis due to Appendicitis" on 20 September 1940. They then worked as the chief of the surgical section at Pyongyang United Christian Hospital. They published their paper titled "A Histo-Clinical Study of Myositis" in The Journal of the Japanese Surgical Society in April 1942. In 1943, they succeeded on "the resection of liver from a liver cancer patient".
After the independence of Korea, they worked as the principal and the chief of the surgical section at the Provincial Hospital of Pyongyang. In 1947, they received the Model Worker Prize from the North Korean government. On 4 December 1950, they came to South Korea in haste accompanying only their second son with the Korean army. In 1951, they founded the Clinic of Gospel with two other pastors. In 1952, they worked as a professor at College of Medicine, Seoul National University. In 1961, they were elected as the president of the Korean Surgical Society.
In 1968, they founded the Busan Gospel specialized School of Nursing Care and was the first president. In 1969, they wrote a Korean textbook, Surgery, with professor Kim Hee-Kyu and Hong Pil-Hoon. In 1974, they were the first president of the Korean Research Society of Liver. This society researched the liver and hepatobiliary surgery. It changed its name to Busan Research Society of Liver in 1982.
Chang's most important research achievements are their study of the liver. Their surgical team succeeded in resecting a large amount of liver from a liver cancer patient for the first time in Korea. After eight more liver resection surgeries, they proved that liver resection is not a dangerous surgical procedure. Hepatobiliary surgery has developed in large measure due to their work. They presented about this surgery in June at the Academic Conference of the Korean Medical Society and received the Korean Academic Award on 1961.
Chang presented "A morphological research on intrahepatic blood vessels and biliary tract of Koreans" at the Academic Conference of the Medical Society of Korea in October 1960. This presentation was medically important since it provided the basis of hepatobiliary surgery.
Foundation of the health cooperative
Another major achievements of Chang are the foundation of the Blue Cross Health Cooperative. This act came from their volunteering spirit to poor people. The foundation of the cooperative provided the main basis of medical insurance in South Korea.
Chang won the Ramon Magsaysay Award for "his practical, personal Christian charity and in founding the Blue Cross Health Cooperative" in 1979.
Awards and recognition
Achievement award at Health Care Day from the mayor of Busan
Korean Medical Association scholarship award from the president
4th Health day camellia medal from the president
Gold award from Korea Red Cross
"Ramon Magsaysay" social service award
23rd Busan municipal cultural prize
"Proud person of Seoul National University" prize
National medal "mugunghwa medal" from the president
Hall of fame of top scientists
Publications and related books
Chang, Kee Ryo; Yang, Duck Ho/Park, Yong Hoon. (1963). "Clinical Study of Primary Cancer of The Extrahepatic Biliary Tract". Korean Cancer Association vol. 2, issue 2, pp. 75–90
See also
Kosin University
Gospel Hospital
References
South Korean surgeons
1911 births
1995 deaths
Ramon Magsaysay Award winners
Recipients of the Dongbaeg Medal
Jang clan of Andong
20th-century South Korean physicians
20th-century surgeons
Ndombe (Dombe) is a Bantu language of Angola. It was assigned by Guthrie to Bantu group R.10, which apart from Umbundu Pfouts (2003) established as part of the Kavango–Southwest branch of Bantu. Though not specifically addressed, Ndombe may be in that branch as well.
There is no standard form of Ndombe, nor an established writing system.
References
Kavango languages
West Cornwall is an unincorporated village and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Cornwall, Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is on the west side of the town, on the east side of the Housatonic River, which forms the border with the town of Sharon. Connecticut Route 128 runs through the village, joining U.S. Route 7 across the Housatonic in Sharon.
West Cornwall was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census.
References
Census-designated places in Litchfield County, Connecticut
Census-designated places in Connecticut
Wang Yan Cheng (王衍成, sometime wrote 王衍城) is a Chinese painter born January 9, 1960, in Guangdong province, living and working in France.
Biography
Wang Yan Cheng was born in Guangdong province, China in 1960. They graduated from the Shandong Institute of Fine Arts in Yantai in 1985; they then studied in the Chinese Central Institute of Fine Arts between 1986 and 1988; Wang Yan Chen then moved to France to complete their studies at the Saint-Etienne Plastic Arts University, from 1990 to 1992.
In 2021, they were awarded the Correspondence of the National Academy of Arts of Italy, the National Michelangelo Medal in 2020, the Italian Berry Art Prize in 2019, They have won the Commander Medal of French Arts and Literature in 2015, the Legion of Honour in 2013, at the meantime, they serve as president of Fonds De Dotation Des Beaux-Arts De Wyc, vice president of Salon Comparaisons, vice president of IACA International Art Center. Wang Yan Cheng is a member of AIAP UNESCO, they serve as a visiting professor of Accademia di Belle Arti di Roma and Shandong University of Arts, in addition, they are a master's supervisor while they are distinguished professor of UAA.
Since 1993, they have held more than 50 solo exhibitions, up to 100 joint exhibitions in the meanwhile. They work with major galleries such as Galerie Lelong & Co. (France), Galerie Louis Carré (France), Acquavella Galleries(USA).
The artist has decorated the Beijing Opera with a giant artwork in 2007. In 2006, they were named Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres by the French Government.
Recent Exhibitions
2022 Galerie Lelong & Co.
2021 Collection Pinault Kering France
2021 Contemporary Art at Shandong Art Museum, China
2020 National Gallery of Modern Art, Italy
2020 National Art Museum Collection Exhibition, China
2020 Shenzhen They Xiangning Art Museum Collection Exhibition, China
2020 First International Biennale in Jinan, China
2019 Italian National Art Academy, Italy
2019 Acquavella Galleries, USA
2018 Academy of Fine Arts in Roma, Italy
2018 Today Art Museum, China
2018 Ueno Art Museum, Japan
2017 Taylor Foundation, France
2017 National Art Museum of China
2015 Asian Art Museum in Nice, France
2014 Taipei History Museum, Taiwan
2010 Montparnasse Museum, France
2000 They Xiangning Art Museum, China
2000 Guangdong Provincial Art Museum, China
2000 National Art Museum of China, China
Decorations
Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters (2015)
Collections
François Pinault Collection Foundation
National Museum of Modern Art in Italy
Groupe Dassault
Montparnasse Art Museum
Nice Museum
Acquavella Galleries
Stephen Wynn Collection Foundation
National Art Museum of China
National Grand Theater of China
Diaoyutai State Guesthouse
People's Liberation Army Grand Theater
Hong Kong New World Group Foundation
Guangdong Art Museum
Shandong Art Museum
They Xiangning Art Museum
Shenzhen Art Museum
Shenzhen Art Academy.
Bibliography
Wang Yan Cheng, Lydia Harambourg et Dong Qiang, Cercle d'Art, 2010
References
External links
Video documentary on Wang Yancheng on CNTV, Chinese national TV site.
1960 births
20th-century French painters
French male painters
21st-century French painters
Modern painters
Living people
Painters from Guangdong
Commandeurs of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
|}
The John Francome Novices' Chase is a Grade 2 National Hunt steeplechase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Newbury over a distance of about 2 miles and 7½ furlongs (2 miles 7 furlongs and 86 yards, or 4,706 metres), and during its running there are eighteen fences to be jumped. The race is for novice chasers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late November or early December.
The race was first run in 1990 and was originally held at Worcester, where it was contested over distances of up to 2 miles and 7½ furlongs and run as the Worcester Novices' Chase. It was transferred to Newbury and extended to its present length in 2000.
In 2017 the race was renamed in honour of John Francome, with the press release explaining that the race "was transferred from Worcester racecourse 17 years ago, so the geographical connection with the Pitchcroft is no longer relevant."
Records
Leading jockey (3 wins):
Timmy Murphy – Ottowa (1997), Valley Henry (2001), Harry Topper (2012)
Tony McCoy – Cornish Rebel (2004), Gone to Lunch (2008), Michel Le Bon (2009)
Harry Cobden - Elegant Escape (2017), Danny Whizzbang (2019), Next Destination (2020)
Leading trainer (10 wins):
Paul Nicholls – See More Indians (1993), Ottowa (1997), Shotgun Willy (2000), Valley Henry (2001), Cornish Rebel (2004), Michel Le Bon (2009), Aiteen Thirtythree (2010), Just A Par (2013), Danny Whizzbang (2019), Next Destination (2020)
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British National Hunt races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
pedigreequery.com – Worcester Novices' Chase – Newbury.
National Hunt races in Great Britain
Newbury Racecourse
National Hunt chases
Recurring sporting events established in 1990
1990 establishments in England
2-C-Methyl-D-erythritol 2,4-cyclodiphosphate synthase (MEcPP synthase, IspF, EC 4.6.1.12) is a zinc-dependent enzyme and a member of the YgbB N terminal protein domain, which participates in the MEP pathway (non-mevalonate pathway) of isoprenoid precursor biosynthesis. It catalyzes the following reaction:
4-diphosphocytidyl-2-C-methyl-D)erythritol 2-phosphate 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 2,4-cyclodiphosphate + CMP
The enzyme is considered a phosphorus-oxygen lyase. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-phospho-4-(cytidine 5′-diphospho)-2-C-methyl-D-D-erythritol CMP-lyase (cyclizing; 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 2,4-cyclodiphosphate-forming). Other names in common use include IspF, YgbB and MEcPP synthase.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 20 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
References
EC 4.6.1
Enzymes of known structure
The 1924 VPI Gobblers football team represented Virginia Polytechnic Institute in the 1924 college football season. The team was led by their head coach B. C. Cubbage and finished with a record of four wins, two losses and three ties (4–2–3).
Schedule
Players
The following players were members of the 1924 football team according to the roster published in the 1925 edition of The Bugle, the Virginia Tech yearbook.
References
VPI
Virginia Tech Hokies football seasons
VPI Gobblers football
The pearl-bellied white-eye (Zosterops grayi) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is native to the Kai Islands in Indonesia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
pearl-bellied white-eye
Birds of the Maluku Islands
pearl-bellied white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Benjamin J. Kallos (born February 5, 1981) is an American attorney and politician who represented the 5th district of the New York City Council from 2014 to 2021, and now serves in the Executive Office of the President in the United States Digital Service.  They are a Democrat. The district includes East Harlem, Midtown, Murray Hill, Roosevelt Island and the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Kallos is also a software developer who ran their office on Agile, and has office hours at green markets.
Early life and education
Kallos was born in Florida. They attended Rabbi Arthur Schneier Park East Day School. They then attended Bronx High School of Science, SUNY Albany as an undergraduate, and SUNY Buffalo School of Law.
Career
Kallos has served as a Manhattan Community Board 8 public member and statewide coordination committee chair for the New York Democratic Lawyers Council from 2005 to 2013. They were also chief of staff for New York State Assemblymember Jonathan Bing from 2007 to 2009, director of policy for then New York City Public Advocate Mark J. Green in 2009, and executive director of New Roosevelt from 2010 to 2013.
New York City Council
On September 10, 2013, Kallos won the Democratic primary for the 5th New York City Council District, receiving 46% of the vote to Micah Kellner's 39% and Ed Hartzog's 15%. They won the general election on November 5, 2013 and assumed office on January 1, 2014. On November 5, 2017, Kallos won reelection to another term with 81% of the vote.
Kallos has been ranked one of the best lawmakers on the New York City Council, with City & State giving them fifth place in 2017 and seventh in 2020. They were named on of the most powerful politicians in New York City in 2018, 2019, and 2021.
 They are well known as an advocate for student loans, affordable housing and government transparency, as well as for keeping "big money" out of government. In 2018, Commercial Observer named them as one of the "Officials Who Call the Shots on Real Estate." Kallos was endorsed by the editorial board of The New York Times, who praised their "fresh ideas", including proposals to forgive student loans, incentivize the construction of more affordable housing, reform congestion pricing and expand access to broadband service.
They chaired the Committee on Contracts and was a member of the committees on Education, Governmental Operations, Oversight and Investigations, and Women and Gender Equity.
In 2015, Kallos proposed legislation to allow low-income residents on the Upper East Side to automatically receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and other government social safety benefits. In 2016, Kallos worked with Intuit to release their Benefits Assist software as free and open-source software. Later that year, Kallos proposed legislation to get scaffolding down in a timely manner. They introduced a law in 2017 to lower the noise allowed from construction during the evenings and weekend.
In 2016, Kallos, who is an ERISA attorney, authored legislation with Public Advocate Letitia James and Mayor Bill de Blasio for the city to automatically enroll employees in individual retirement accounts at no cost to employers who did not offer a retirement plan themselves. The law passed in 2021 and was then extended statewide.
Campaign finance and ethics
In 2014, Kallos refused $64,000 in additional income, and authored legislature to ban outside income and make the job of Council Member full-time. In 2016, Kallos wrote a law to make New York City's budget available online, which they worked with Mayor de Blasio to implement.
On March 22, 2018, Kallos authored the law that raised the cap on public funds received by participating candidates to establish a full public matching system that matches every small dollar donated by New York City residents at a rate of 8 to 1. The new public matching system worked to elect the first majority women City Council.
Land use
In 2015, Kallos worked with ProPublica and a whistle blower on an investigation that found 50,000 affordable apartments that were not registered by landlords who were receiving tax breaks, and might have been charging tenants too much rent. Kallos authored legislation to force landlords receiving tax benefits for affordable housing to register every unit and allow anyone to apply for them online. The law passed in 2017, requiring most landlords in New York City to register their affordable housing. In 2020, as part of the legislation,,the city began to add back hundreds of thousands of existing affordable apartments and launched an affordable housing portal, Housing Connect.
Kallos has advocated against the construction of new luxury tower developments in New York City. In 2015, Kallos prganized a community initiative to fight a proposed 950-foot "supertower" that would expand the neighborhood known as Billionaire's Row. In 2016, Kallos joined a grass roots rezoning effort to prevent the construction of more supertowers to protect existing affordable housing. This rezoning effort successfully halted the construction of another luxury skyscraper in 2017. Kallos led a rezoning that banned the use of mechanical voids as a loophole for luxury housing developments to exceed height limitations by "give billionaires better views".
They opposed legislation that would weaken the city's landmarks law in 2015. In 2017, Kallos authored laws to reform a zoning relief board and force developers to honor commitments for promised public spaces. In 2019, Kallos opened supportive housing for homeless women and children in the Upper East Side. They advocated for opening a new safe haven shelter in their district in 2021.
Education
Kallos wrote legislature to force transparency around how the city determines need for school seats. As a result of these laws, the city agreed to add hundreds of new school seats to the neighborhood Kallos represents. They began advocating for free pre-kindergarten for all four-year-olds in 2014. After this proposal won, they advocated for the addition of 400 new pre-kindergarten seats for their district in 2018, which had not been granted enough seats. Kallos advocated for extending free pre-kindergarten to all three-year-olds, which had a citywide rollout in 2021.
As a public student, Kallos was too ashamed to stand on the free and reduced school lunch line and went hungry instead. They authored a law to mandate reporting on the number of meals served to students to help extend breakfast after the bell and free lunch to every public school student in 2015. In 2021, Kallos proposed offering free supper at every public school to end youth hunger.
In 2015, Kallos joined Letitia James in advocating for cable companies to offer low-cost high-speed Internet to low-income New Yorkers, as a way of bridging the digital divide. In 2017, Kallos and James won low-cost high-speed Internet for one million students on free and reduced lunch as well as seniors on Supplemental Security Income. Kallos then proposed legislation to force landlords to offer basic internet as a utility.
Public health and climate change
Kallos authored a law to create the Offices of Food Policy and Urban Agriculture. Kallos passed a law in 2019 to require that only healthy drinks are offered with children's meals in New York City.
In 2019, Kallos authored a declaration of climate emergency and passed it making New York City the largest city in the United States to do so. In 2018, Kallos introduced legislation to ban the sale of plastic water bottles in city parks and purchase by city agencies that Mayor de Blasio implemented by executive order in 2020.
They authored the law to ban toxic pesticides from being used in New York City parks in 2021.
Campaign for Manhattan Borough President
Kallos ran in the primary for the Democratic nomination in the 2021 Manhattan borough president election, finishing fourth. In the first round, Kallos received 13% of votes, putting them in third place. They were eliminated in the sixth round of the ranked-choice voting process.
Election history
References
External links
Kallos for Council
New York Democratic Lawyers Council
OpenLegislation.org
VoterSearch.org
1981 births
20th-century American Jews
American political activists
Candidates in the 2021 United States elections
Living people
New York City Council members
New York (state) Democrats
People from Manhattan
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
University at Albany, SUNY alumni
University at Buffalo Law School alumni
Activists from New York (state)
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American Jews
Beth Anne Raymer (born in 1976, in Steubenville, Ohio) is an American writer and journalist. Raymer received an MFA from Columbia University. As a Fulbright fellow, they studied offshore gambling operations in Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Panama.
Beth is the author of Lay the Favorite, a memoir of their experiences in the sex industry, amateur boxing and sports-betting. Them journalism has been published in The Atlantic, Lapham's Quarterly, Sports Illustrated, and The New York Times Magazine. They have held writing residencies at the MacDowell Colony.
In 2012, Raymer was working on their second book.
In 2013, Raymer was working on Fireworks Every Night, a novel for Spiegel and Grau.
Them more recent work includes the screenplay and narration for The Lingerie Party, a 2015 short animated film about hard drug abuse ending in death.
Author
Raymer's Lay the Favorite, published in 2010, has been described as a "Dickensian picaresque that paints an entertaining view of sports gambling and their own unconventional character," and "a tragicomic biography."
In 2007, Focus Features and Random House Films acquired the rights to produce a movie adaptation of the book. Stephen Frears directed the movie, also called Lay the Favorite, which premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival. Rebecca Hall plays Beth, starring alongside Bruce Willis, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Vince Vaughn.
Life experiences
Beth was born to Jerry Raymer.
Having grown up in West Palm Beach, Florida; Beth received an associate degree from Palm Beach Community College, and worked their way through Florida State University as an "in home stripper" and later managed, and modeled for, adult websites. After being fired from a social work job Raymer moved to Las Vegas at the age of 24 and eventually found work in the world of high-stakes gambling and bookmaking.
References
External links
Book review, NPR Books, June 21, 2010
American memoirists
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
Living people
Writers from Ohio
1976 births
American women memoirists
People from Steubenville, Ohio
People from West Palm Beach, Florida
21st-century American women
Warren G. Harding (1865–1923) was the president of the United States from 1921 to 1923.
Warren Harding may also refer to:
Warren G. Harding (Texas politician) (1921–2005)
Warren G. Harding High School
Warren Harding High School
Warren Harding (climber) (1924–2002)
Glengarry was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of the Parliament of the Province of Canada, in Canada West, on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River, bordering on Canada East. It was created in 1841, upon the establishment of the Province of Canada by the union of Upper Canada and Lower Canada. Glengarry was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly. It was abolished in 1867, upon the creation of Canada and the province of Ontario.
Boundaries
Glengarry electoral district was located in Canada West (now the province of Ontario), on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River, bordering on Canada East (now the province of Quebec). It was based on Glengarry County, now part of the United Counties of Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry.
The Union Act, 1840 had merged the two provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada into the Province of Canada, with a single Parliament. The separate parliaments of Lower Canada and Upper Canada were abolished.Union Act, 1840, 3 & 4 Vict., c. 35, s. 2. The Union Act provided that the pre-existing electoral boundaries of Upper Canada would continue to be used in the new Parliament, unless altered by the Union Act itself.
Glengarry County had been an electoral district in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada, and its boundaries were not altered by the Union Act. Those boundaries had originally been set by a proclamation of the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, John Graves Simcoe, in 1792:
The boundaries had been further defined by a statute of Upper Canada in 1798:
Since Glengarry electoral district was not changed by the Union Act, those boundaries continued to be used for the new electoral district. Glengarry was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly.
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Glengarry was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly. The following were the members for Glengarry.
Abolition
The district was abolished on July 1, 1867, when the British North America Act, 1867 came into force, creating Canada and splitting the Province of Canada into Quebec and Ontario. It was succeeded by electoral districts of the same name in the House of Commons of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
References
.
Electoral districts of Canada West
Michel Léveillé is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former center who was a two-time All-American for Maine.
Career
Léveillé was a late-blooming junior player, not participating in a high-level league until they were 19. In their final season of junior eligibility, Léveillé's point total exploded and they averaged more than two points per game with the Nanaimo Clippers. Léveillé was forced to play senior hockey for a year before they could join the ice hockey team at Maine, but their first-year student year was well worth the wait. They were nearly a point-per-game player for the year and was named the Hockey East Rookie of the Year. They helped the team finish second in the conference and than capture the Hockey East Championship. Maine received the #3 overall seed and marched through the NCAA Tournament. Léveillé's only goal was an important one as it tied a game late and allowed the Black Bears to overcome an early deficit to Harvard. The team reached the championship game for the 5th time in program history, but the offense failed and they fell 0–1 to Denver.
With Léveillé already being 23 at the start of their sophomore season (older than some seniors), they were named as an alternate captain. Their goal production doubled in year two, but the team declined significantly and their point production suffered as a result. The Black Bears recovered in 2006 and Léveillé averaged more than point per game. They were named to the All-American team and pushed the team back up to a 2nd-place finish in Hockey East. Maine had another successful run in the NCAA Tournament, reaching their 10th Frozen Four. Léveillé was named team captain in their final year and was again an All-American. The team had mixed results in postseason play but did return to the Frozen Four. After Maine was eliminated, Léveillé finished the year with the Toronto Marlies.
For Léveillé's first full season as a professional, they spent most of their time in the AHL but couldn't establish themselves as a consistent scorer. After getting demoted to the ECHL the following year, they spent the entire 2010 season at the AA-level. After the season, they travelled to Germany and played three seasons in the 2nd national league. In 2013 Léveillé returned to Quebec and played one season for a low-level pro league before hanging up theirs skates.
Léveillé began their coaching career the following season, working for the North American Hockey Academy for two years. In 2017 they returned to Maine and became a coach for the Maine Wild, a youth hockey organization.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Quebec
People from Lévis, Quebec
Maine Black Bears men's ice hockey players
Toronto Marlies players
Columbia Inferno players
Manchester Monarchs (AHL) players
Charlotte Checkers (1993–2010) players
Heilbronner Falken players
Saint-Georges Cool FM 103.5 players
Frumales is a small village in the province of Segovia, Spain. It has a population of 130 registered residents and covers an area of 28 km². It is within the regions of the Land of Pine Groves and the . The terrain is made mostly of pine forests and cultivated fields, although farming is no longer the backbone of its economy, instead being reliant on pensions and the work of neighboring towns. Its main attractions are the Cerquilla River, the Windmill of the Aldehuela, and the Giant Old Elm.
Notable people
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Frumales include:
Luis Minguela (born 1960), international footballer
References
Municipalities in the Province of Segovia
Populated places in the Province of Segovia
Puerto Rico Highway 190 (PR-190) is a road located in Carolina, Puerto Rico. This highway begins at its intersection with PR-26 in Cangrejo Arriba and ends at its junction with PR-3 and PR-8887 between Sabana Abajo and San Antón barrios.
Major intersections
See also
List of highways numbered 190
References
External links
190
Carolina, Puerto Rico
Tasuke, the Samurai Cop, known in Japanese as , is a manga series created by Manavu Kashimoto. It was adapted as an anime television series by Studio Pierrot broadcast in 22 episodes on TV Tokyo (TX) from October 19, 1990 to March 22, 1991.
Tasuke, a student at the Metropolitan Police Academy, wishes to become a top police officer and defeat the criminals of Edo City.
Characters
Tasuke (太助)
Voiced by: Yūko Mita
Omon-chan (おもんちゃん)
Voiced by: Chieko Honda
Darth Benkei (ダース弁慶)
Voiced by: Tesshō Genda
Kintaro Ninomiya (二宮金太郎)
Voiced by: Yuriko Fuchizaki
Ghengis Khan (ジンギス・ハーン)
Voiced by: Mitsuo Iwata
School Director ( ダイブツ先生)
Voiced by: Kenichi Ogata
References
External links
Tasuke, the Samurai Cop at Studio Pierrot
Edokko Boy Gatten Tasuke at Studio Pierrot
1990 anime television series debuts
1990 manga
Pierrot (company)
Shogakukan manga
TV Tokyo original programming
Shōnen manga
The Mombasa woodpecker (Campethera mombassica) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania.
References
Mombasa woodpecker
Birds of East Africa
Mombasa woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Northern Zanzibar–Inhambane coastal forest mosaic
Mürdükler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 42 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Nunhead Cemetery is one of the Magnificent Seven cemeteries in London, England. It is perhaps the least famous and celebrated of them. The cemetery is located in Nunhead in the London Borough of Southwark and was originally known as All Saints' Cemetery. Nunhead Cemetery was consecrated in 1840 and opened by the London Cemetery Company. It is a Local Nature Reserve.
Location
The Main Gate (North Gate) is located on Linden Grove (near the junction with Daniel's Road) and the South Gate is located on Limesford Road. The cemetery is in the London Borough of Southwark, SE15.
History and description
Consecrated in 1840, with an Anglican chapel designed by Thomas Little, it is one of the Magnificent Seven Victorian cemeteries established in a ring around what were then the outskirts of London. The first burial was of Charles Abbott, a 101-year-old Ipswich grocer; the last burial was of a volunteer soldier who became a canon of Lahore Cathedral. The first grave in Nunhead was dug in October 1840. The average annual number of burials over the ten years 1868–1878 was 1685: 1350 in the consecrated, and 335 in the unconsecrated ground.
In the cemetery were reinterred remains removed, in 1867 and 1933, from the site of the demolished St Christopher le Stocks church in the City of London.
The cemetery contains examples of the imposing monuments to the most eminent citizens of the day, which contrast sharply with the small, simple headstones marking common or public burials. By the middle of the 20th century the cemetery was nearly full, and so was abandoned by the United Cemetery Company. With the ensuing neglect, the cemetery gradually changed from lawn to meadow and eventually to woodland. It is now a Local Nature Reserve and Site of Metropolitan Importance for wildlife, populated with songbirds, woodpeckers and tawny owls.
A lack of care and cash surrendered the graves to the ravages of nature and vandalism, but in the early 1980s the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery was formed to renovate and protect the cemetery.
The cemetery was reopened in May 2001 after an extensive restoration project funded by Southwark Council and the Heritage Lottery Fund. Fifty memorials were restored along with the Anglican Chapel.
Notable burials
Sir Frederick Abel, 1827–1902, co-inventor of Cordite
Robert Abel, 1857–1936, England test cricketer
George John Bennett, 1800–1879, English Shakespearian actor
William Brough, 1826–1870, writer and playwright
Joseph Lemuel Chester, 1821–1882, American genealogist, poet and editor
Bryan Donkin, 1768–1855, engineer who developed a paper-making machine and food-canning process
Edward John Eliot, 1782–1863, Peninsular War soldier
Vincent Figgins, 1766–1844, typefounder
Sir Charles Fox, 1810–1874, civil and railway engineer
Jenny Hill, 1848–1896, music hall performer
Sir Polydore de Keyser, 1832–1898, lawyer and Roman Catholic Lord Mayor of London
Sir George Livesey, 1834–1908, engineer, industrialist and philanthropist
Cicely Nott, 1832–1900, singer and actor
John Proctor, 1836–1914, artist, illustrator and cartoonist
Charles Rolls, 1799–1885, engraver
Thomas Tilling, 1825–1893, bus tycoon
Alfred Vance, 1839–1888, English music hall performer
Layout and other structures
At 52 acres, Nunhead is the second largest of the Magnificent Seven cemeteries. Views across London include St Paul's Cathedral.
The Victorian part of the cemetery is currently in a poor state of repair, being best described as an elegant wilderness; locals like to call it a nature reserve. Many areas of the cemetery are fairly overgrown with vines, as visible in newer tourist photos. Numerous tombstones lean to the side. Although the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery are doing their best to restore some parts of the cemetery it is badly in need of care and funding. It is about and is a popular place to walk.
The lodges and monumental entrance were designed by James Bunstone Bunning. There is an obelisk, the "Scottish Political Martyrs Memorial", the second monument (the other is in Edinburgh) dedicated to the leaders of the Friends of the People Society, popularly called the Scottish Martyrs, including Thomas Muir, Maurice Margarot, and Thomas Fyshe Palmer, who were transported to Australia in 1794. It was erected by Radical MP Joseph Hume in 1837. It is immediately on the right on Dissenters Road, when entering through the North Gate.
A memorial commemorates nine Sea Scouts who died in the Leysdown Tragedy off the Isle of Sheppey in 1912, including Percy Baden Powell Huxford aged 12 (named after, but not related to, Lord Baden Powell). The original memorial, designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott, was erected in 1914. Most of this was removed after vandalism, and only the base remains. The present replacement memorial was erected in 1992, on the initiative of the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery.
There are a large number of First and Second World War war graves in the cemetery, the greater proportion (592 graves) being Commonwealth service burials from the former war. Most of those are concentrated between three war graves plots: the United Kingdom plot (Square 89), holding 266 graves, the Australian plot which holds 23 graves, and the Canadian plot (Square 52) which holds 36 graves, including burials of South African and New Zealand servicemen. Those buried in the UK plot and in individual graves outside the three plots are, because of not being marked by headstones, listed by name on a Screen Wall memorial inside the cemetery's main entrance. A second Screen Wall lists 110 Commonwealth service personnel of the Second World War who are buried in another war graves plot (Square 5), and elsewhere whose graves could not be marked by headstones. There is also a Belgian war grave of the First World War.
Gallery
Nunhead Cemetery is one of the Magnificent Seven. It is one of the two cemeteries located south of the river Thames (the other being West Norwood Cemetery).
References
Further reading
FoNC, Nunhead Cemetery, An Illustrated Guide, Friends of Nunhead Cemetery, 1988,
Zisenis, Marcus, Nunhead Cemetery, London, United Kingdom: a case study of the assessment of the nature conservation value of an urban woodland and associated habitats, M.Sc. in Conservation dissertation, University College London, University of London, 1993, unpublished .
External links
Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website
Aerial view from 1939, from the English Heritage "Britain from Above" archive
Transport
The cemetery is easily reached with public transport via local buses and National Rail:
Bus: 78, 343 and 484 all have stops nearby
Train: The Nunhead railway station is close by.
Cemeteries in London
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Southwark
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Southwark
Anglican cemeteries in the United Kingdom
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in England
Nunhead
Grade II* listed parks and gardens in London
Infinity Train is an American animated anthology television series created by Owen Dennis, formerly a writer and storyboard artist on Regular Show, for Cartoon Network and HBO Max.
Series overview
Episodes
Pilot (2016)
Book One: The Perennial Child (2019)
The Train Documentaries (2019)
Book Two: Cracked Reflection (2020)
Book Three: Cult of the Conductor (2020)
Book Four: Duet (2021)
Notes
References
2010s television-related lists
2020s television-related lists
Lists of Cartoon Network television series episodes
Lists of American children's animated television series episodes
Episodes
Kağılcık is a village in the Karamanlı district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Karamanlı District
Lafaye is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jacques Lafaye (born 1930), French historian
Jean-Jacques Lafaye (born 1958), French writer and journalist
Prosper Lafaye, originally Lafait (1806–1883), French painter
See also
John Carroll (born Julian Lafaye, 1906–1979), American actor and singer
La Chapelle-en-Lafaye, is a commune in the Loire department in central France
Sharon Lafaye Jones (1956–2016), American soul and funk singer
The Northwood glass company was a manufacturer of art glass in various locations in the United States from 1887 to 1925.
History
Harry Northwood who founded the company was the son of John Northwood, a noted maker of English cameo glass. They came to America in 1880 and worked at J. H. Hobbs, Brockunier and Company. They worked as a glass etcher there from approximately 1881-1884. They then worked for the La Belle glass company and during a strike there moved to Phoenix glass company in Pittsburgh, Pa. They became a glassmaker when they returned to La Belle about 1886.
The original Northwood glass company was founded by Harry Northwood in 1887 in Martins Ferry, Ohio, and was moved to Ellwood City, Pennsylvania. But the company did not prosper in that location. In 1895 they opened up the New Northwood glass company in a factory previously owned by the Indiana Glass company in Indiana, Pennsylvania. This factory joined National glass conglomerate in 1899.
In 1902 Harry opened the Harry Northwood and company factory in Wheeling, West Virginia. The factory had belonged to the J. H. Hobbs, Brockunier and Company. It was here that they developed their formula for Carnival glass.
Harry Northwood died in 1919. The company continued producing glass, but was closed in 1925.
Colors
Golden Iris was the name of the first caravel glass treatment that Northwood developed in 1908. It was known for its marigold color. The other carnival glass treatments made by Northwood were Emerald, Azure, Florentine, Perl, and Pomona.
Carnival glass is identified by the color of the glass, not the color of the treatment. Base colors for Northwood were green, amethyst, and cobalt blue. Ice green, white, and ice blue were the names of the pastel colors. Northwood also made custard, stretch and opalescent glass.
Patterns
Some of the patterns were:
Maker mark
The most common Northwood maker mark was an underlined capital N centered inside of a circle. Not all pieces carry the mark but it is seen most often on carnival glass items. L.G. Wright also used a mark like it, but was forced to stop using it.
See also
References
Defunct glassmaking companies
Vassilis P. "Basil" Goulandris (1913 – 27 April 1994) was a Greek shipowner, and the founder of Greece's first Museum of Modern Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art Andros. They and their wife died childless and left an art collection worth $3 billion, which has been the subject of long-running litigation since they died in 2000.
Early life
They were the son of Peter J Goulandris and Chrysa Dambassi.
They had a twin brother Nicholas "Nikos" (1913–83), elder brothers John (1907–50) and George (1908–74) and a younger brother Constantine (1916–78).
Career
Basil Goulandris and their four brothers became known as the "Sons of Peter Goulandris", and in 1946 founded the Orion Shipping & Trading Co Inc, which made large purchases of US and Canadian-built ships, from a New York head office, and Capeside Steamship Co Ltd in London.
They bought at least 50 Liberty ships, and later commissioned new tankers and ore carriers, from US and Canada in 1953 to 1954, Japan from 1956 to 1994 and Polish from 1983 to 1984. In 1958, they had 82 ships, the second largest Greek shipowners. In 1970, Orion had 54 mostly larger ships, and were the largest Greek shipowners. In 1975, Orion had 64 ships, and were still the largest.
In the 1980s, only Basil of the five brothers was still alive, and they ran United Shipping & Trading out of Greece with their nephews, Peter J. Goulandris (son of John P. Goulandris and Maria Lemou), and Peter George Goulandris and Peter N. Goulandris, sons of Nikos Goulandris.
Personal life
Goulandris married Elisa Karadontis, "an Athenian beauty", and they became collectors of modern art, establishing the Basil and Elisa Goulandris Foundation. In 1979, they founded the Museum of Contemporary Art Andros.
Basil did not leave a will when they died in 1994, Elise died in 2000, and as of 2016, there has been a 16-year feud over their art collection, estimated to be worth US$3 billion. As they were childless, and much of it was owned through a tangled web of offshore companies, there are several rival claims to the collection.
The leaked Panama Papers shed some light on the ownership of shell companies in protracted litigation in Lausanne over ownership of artwork from the Goulandris's Gstaad chalet.
References
External links
Basil & Elise Goulandris Foundation
1913 births
1994 deaths
Basil
Greek businesspeople in shipping
People named in the Panama Papers
Greek art collectors
Greek philanthropists
People from Andros
Clear Creek is a census-designated place on the western edge of Carbon County, Utah, United States. It is located at the south end of State Route 96 and the Pleasant Valley Branch of the Union Pacific Railroad (ex-D&RGW).
History
Clear Creek was founded in the 1870s as a logging camp that supplied lumber to the nearby mining town of Winter Quarters. About twenty years after Clear Creek was founded, coal was discovered beneath the town and a mine was developed. In 1898, the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad built a spur line from Scofield to the mine at Clear Creek. Two years later, the Utah Fuel Company built 25 homes, a hotel, a store, a hospital, a schoolhouse, a workshop, and a water plant in the town. From 1910 to 1920, 2,000 tons of coal was being mined per day, and Clear Creek had about 600 residents. In 1930, the need for coal began to decrease, and by 1955, the mine had cut production and the town's population had decreased to 150. According to the 2010 Census, there were four people residing in town.
The town is currently used as a recreation and camp area for various schools and programs, with cabins, a restroom and shower area, and a recreation and eating area.
Climate
Clear Creek has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb), bordering on subarctic (Dfc). Summertime is generally mild to warm, with nights dropping into the 30s and 40s (°F), and wintertime is cold and snowy, with a yearly average of 237 inches (603 cm) of snow accumulation. Wintry days may be observed as late as June or as early as September due to the Town's location in the Wasatch Mountain Range.
See also
List of census-designated places in Utah
Coal mining in the United States
References
External links
Clear Creek, UT at lat long.com
Census-designated places in Utah
Census-designated places in Carbon County, Utah
Mining communities in Utah
Logging communities in the United States
Udhyogastha is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu and produced by P. K. Devadas and P. S. Das. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Madhu and Sharada in the lead roles. The film was scored by M. S. Baburaj.
Plot
Udhyogastha is about an honest and kind lady officer who sacrificed their lives for the sake of their family.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Gopi
Sathyan as Rajan
Madhu as Rajasekharan
Sharada as Vimala
Sukumari as Janakiyamma
Rajasree
Adoor Bhasi as Swami
Shobha
T. S. Muthaiah as Menon
K. P. Ummer as Hari
Kaduvakulam Antony as Sankunni
Lakshmi (Old)
Mala Shantha as Malathy
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Khader
Ravi Vamanapuram
Sreedharan
Vijayanirmala as Sujatha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Yusufali Kechery.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Venu
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
Lyudmyla Kichenok and Makoto Ninomiya defeated Caroline Dolehide and Storm Sanders in the final, 6–4, 6–7(3–7), [10–8], to win the women's doubles tennis title at the 2021 Nottingham Open. Though it was their first title together as a team, it marked Kichenok's fifth career doubles title on the WTA Tour and Ninomiya's third.
Desirae Krawczyk and Giuliana Olmos were the defending champions from when the tournament was last held in 2019, but they did not return to compete.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External Links
Main Draw
Nottingham Open – Doubles
2021 Women's Doubles
Geόrgii Chόrnyi (; born September 14, 1937 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian aeronautical engineer who was awarded a State Prize of Ukraine in Science and Technology in 2018. They have also written a history of early Ukraine, and received the Mykhailo Chabanivskyi Ukrainian literary Prize in 2015.
Early life
Geόrgii Chόrnyi (:uk:Чорний Георгій Петрович) was born in a peasant family on September 14, 1937 in the Dubόvi Hriády village, on territory of the former Orilian palanka (:uk:Орільська паланка) - one of 10 regions of the Сossack State of Zaporizhzhya. Evidently, their nearest ancestors were Zaporozhian Cossacks, among which the last name Chόrnyi was most common.
Engineering and scientific activity
Since 1965, they have worked at the State Kyiv design bureau "Luch" (:uk:Луч (конструкторське бюро)), and has written a book about it. They were awarded order "The Badge of Honour" (1982) and honorary title "Honoured Worker of Ukraine in Science and Technology" (1993) and a State Prize of Ukraine in Science and Technology (2018) for their work at the design bureau on rockets and defensive hardware. At the same time, they were associate professor in the National Aviation University (2002-2012), and published a textbook Автоматизовані системи контролю літальних апаратів, with the recommendation of Department of Education and Science of Ukraine.
Literary and public activity
They have at the same time studied sources on the language, genetics, history, and culture of Ukrainians. The results of their research on linguistic-historical themes were printed in newspapers: "Holos Ukrayiny", "Vechirnii Kyiv", "Khreshchatic", "Ukrayina moloda", "Literaturna Ukrayina", and others. Against the resistance of the Kyiv municipal administration, but with public support, they brought about the naming of a new metro station by the annalistic name "Dorohόzhichy", and as a result of that got from journalists the honorary title: "godfather" of the name "Dorohόzhichy". Results of their researches about early prehistoric Kyiv and the historical way of the Ukrainians, became the basis for their book Київ досвітній (2014), for which they were awarded the title of Laureate of the Ukrainian literary Prize of the name of Mykhajlo Chabanivskyi. The publishing house "Glagoslav Publications" (Great Britain) published their e-book Стародавня Україна і ранній Київ in 2016, intended for the readers in the Ukrainian diaspora.
References
External links
Гай, Наталка. "Таємниці прадавнього Києва". [Gai, Natalka. "The mysteries of the ancient Kyiv"], Khreshchatic, Kyiv, 6 November 2014. (Ukrainian). . Retrieved on 15 October 2018.
Дикань, Костянтин. "Ківі, Кіфа, Кіафа, Кіаса …І це все — Київ". [Dikan, Kostjantin. "Kivi, Kifa, Kiafa, Kiasa … And all this – Kyiv"]. Ukraina moloda, Kyiv, 9 September 2015. (Ukrainian).Retrieved on 15 October 2018.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2_gOIYir7M. Книга Георгія Чорного "Київ досвітній" [The book Kyiv at dawn by Georgii Chornyi](Ukrainian).Retrieved on 21 October 2018.
1937 births
Living people
21st-century Ukrainian historians
20th-century Ukrainian engineers
National Aerospace University – Kharkiv Aviation Institute alumni
Laureates of the State Prize of Ukraine in Science and Technology
Adolphe Berty (also known as Boulet; 13 May 1818, Paris – 18 August 1867, Paris) was a historiographer, archaeologist, historian of architecture, and French architect.
Berty was the founder of Parisian topography; they were also responsible for important work on the historiography of Paris. One of their main works is the Topographie historique du vieux Paris
External links
BERTY, Adolphe (dit BOULET, Adolphe Eugène Étienne) on INHA with complete list of publications
Topographie historique du vieux Paris at Gallica and Internet Archive (IA):
Région du Louvre et des Tuileries, Vol. 1 (1866): Gallica
Région du Louvre et des Tuileries, Vol. 2 (1868): Gallica, IA (Getty Research Institute), IA (University of Illinois)
Région du Louvre et des Tuileries, Vol. 1, 2nd ed. (1885): Gallica, IA (Getty Research Institute), IA (University of Toronto)
Région du Louvre et des Tuileries, Vol. 2, 2nd ed. (1885): Gallica, IA (University of Toronto), IA (University of Toronto)
Région du Bourg Saint-Germain [Vol. 3] (1876): Gallica, IA (Getty Research Institute), IA (University of Toronto)
Région du Faubourg Saint-Germain [Vol. 4] (1882): Gallica, IA (Getty Research Institute), IA (University of Toronto)
Région occidentale de l'Université [Vol. 5] (1887): Gallica, IA (Getty Research Institute), IA (University of Toronto)
Région centrale de l'Université [Vol. 6] (1897): Gallica, IA (Getty Research Institute), IA (University of Toronto)
Les grands architectes français de la Renaissance (1860). Gallica, IA (Harvard University)
Topographie historique du vieux Paris, par Adolphe Berty on Hathitrust
Berty, Adolphe (1818-1867) on IdRef
Writers from Paris
1818 births
French historiographers
1867 deaths
French archaeologists
19th-century French historians
19th-century French architects
Yamadı is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
Stephen from the kindred Csák (; died after 1269) was a Hungarian baron and military leader in the 13th century. They were a confidant of King Béla IV of Hungary since their heir years to the throne. They led the Hungarian army to victory against the Serbs, who invaded the Duchy of Macsó in 1268.
Family
Stephen was born into an unidentified branch of the powerful and wealthy gens (clan) Csák, as the son of Csák, who was a confidant of Duke Béla in the 1220s, then served as ispán of Sopron County from 1235 to 1240, after Béla IV ascended the Hungarian throne. Stephen had five brothers, including Gug (II). Stephen's grandfather Gug (I) was the first known member of the branch.
Around 1228, Stephen married an unidentified granddaughter of the influential baron Pat Győr. They had a sister (her name is unknown too), who became the wife of Paul Geregye around the same time. Through the legal doctrine of daughters' quarter, their wife was granted the estate Rahóca in Baranya County from their clan and handed over to Stephen as a dowry. They had a son Emeric, who served as ispán of Somogy County between 1272 and 1273.
Career
Based on their father's court services in the accompaniment of Duke Béla and the political positions of the relatives of their wife (Pat Győr and Paul Geregye), it is highly plausible that Stephen raised in the ducal court from childhood onwards. Duke Béla strongly opposed their father Andrew II's policy since the 1220s. When Béla and their partisans took control of the royal council, Stephen was installed as Master of the cupbearers in 1231, serving in this capacity until 1232. Thereafter, they served as ispán of Bihar County between 1233 and 1235, when the territory belonged to Duke Béla's realm. Shortly before the death of the ailing Andrew II, Duke Béla once again had practically taken control of the country in early 1235. Stephen again functioned as Master of the cupbearers. After Béla IV ascended the Hungarian throne in September 1235, Stephen was replaced by Baldwin Rátót.
Stephen was referred to as Ban of Severin (or Szörény) in January 1243. They were styled as ispán of Csanád County in October 1257. A relative of their wife, Conrad Győr filed a lawsuit against their second cousins, the wives of Paul Geregye and Stephen Csák, disputing the legitimacy of their ownership over Ilsva and Rahóca in Baranya County, respectively. In September 1258, Béla IV rejected Conrad's accusations citing the fact that the two ladies were granted the asupervisorstioned possessions via daughters' quarter during their wedding approximately thirty years ago. Stephen – styled as titular ban – represented the interests of their wife during the lawsuit.
During the emerging conflict between Béla IV and their son and heir Duke Stephen by the early 1260s, Stephen Csák firmly supported the elderly monarch. They also became a confidant of Queen Maria Laskarina. They served as count (head) of the queenly court from 1264 to at least 1269, but it is plausible they held dignity until the death of Queen Maria and Stephen V's ascension to the Hungarian throne in 1270. Beside that, Stephen also functioned as ispán of Vas County between 1264 and 1266, then ispán of Pozsony County from 1267 until 1269 (or 1270). Whether Stephen Csák participated in the 1264–1265 civil war between Béla IV and their son, is unknown. The war resulted Duke Stephen's victory. According to historian Attila Zsoldos, Stephen Csák was one of the barons, who advocated another war against Duke Stephen, but the mobilized royal servants in Esztergom refused to participate in 1267. Stephen acted as an arbiter in the trial between Hahold Hahót and the Gyüre kindred in 1265.
In the spring of 1268, they Serbian king Stefan Uroš I invaded the Duchy of Macsó, the southern province of the Kingdom of Hungary, taking advantage of the internal conflict between Béla IV and Stephen. Duke Béla of Macsó sought assistance from their grandfather. Béla IV sent a royal army commanded by Stephen Csák, who marched into the south in order to liberate the province. The fighting resulted the decisive victory of the Hungarians, King Stefan Uroš I was themselves captured by Stephen Csák's army along with the Serbian standards. Because of Stephen's leadership in the military campaign, a charter of Queen Elizabeth the Cuman in 1271 claims that the army was commanded by Queen Maria Laskarina herself. Stephen sent their familiaris Nicholas, son of Mark from Szepes County to inform the royal couple of the victory. Their other familiaris Emeric Nádasd also participated in the war. Because of their preeminent role in the Macsó War, Stephen was granted Nezde in Somogy County (currently a wasteland near Szólád). Stephen Csák was last mentioned as a living person in 1269. Béla's death occurred the following year. In case they were alive at the time, they most likely lost all political influence and retired to their estates in Southern Transdanubia after Stephen V ascended the Hungarian throne. Stephen Csák certainly died sometime before 1276.
References
Sources
|-
|-
|-
13th-century Hungarian people
Medieval Hungarian military leaders
Stephen of Severin
Bans of Severin
Masters of the cupbearers
Archeria is a small genus of shrubs in the family Ericaceae. As currently circumscribed the group includes six species, all native to southern Australasia. Four of these are endemic to Tasmania, and the other two endemic to New Zealand.
It does not contain any economically important taxa, but due to their attractive small tubular flowers, reticulate leaf venation, and limited distribution, the shrubs have a long history of being admired by Australasian naturalists.
Species
Archeria comberi Melville (Tasmania)
Archeria eriocarpa Hook.f. (Tasmania)
Archeria hirtella (Hook.f.) Hook.f. (Tasmania)
Archeria racemosa Hook.f. (New Zealand)
Archeria serpyllifolia Hook.f. (Tasmania)
Archeria traversii (Hook.f.) Mueller (New Zealand)
Distribution
Archeria can be found scattered throughout south, west, north and central Tasmania, but is largely absent from the east. In New Zealand the distribution is highly disjunct, with A. racemosa being found only in the northern North Island, and A. traversii being scattered locally throughout the South Island and Stewart Island.
Ecology
Like most ericads, Archeria species are largely found on acidic soils. They grow at lowland to montane altitudes, although A. comberi and A. hirtella reach the sub-alpine in parts of their range. Five of the six species are found rather locally throughout shrublands and forests, while A.comberi is found in heaths, sedgelands, and wetlands.
Morphology
Habit The six species of Archeria are all self-supporting shrubs with dark coloured bark. Leaves They have simple, alternately arranged glabrous leaves, with margins that are entire or serrulate. The leaves are unique within the Styphelioideae, being the only genus in the group to have reticulate venation. Inflorescence The flowers are pedicellate, and either in short terminal racemes or solitary and axillary towards the ends of the branches. Flowers and Fruits Flowers are 5-merous, with bracts and bracteoles that are often small and caducous. The ovary is deeply 5-lobed, with the style deeply inserted, nearly to the base. Capsules are loculicidally dehiscent, with many seeds, on basal or sub-basal placentae.
Evolutionary history
Based on morphology, and chloroplastic matK and rbcL DNA sequence data, Archeria is found to be nested within the subfamily Styphelioideae of the Ericaceae. The genus is sister to the rest of the subfamily, except for the tribe Prionoteae, which is sister to the rest of the subfamily and Archeria. It is regarded as distinct enough, both in terms of morphological and molecular data, to warrant monotypic status within its own tribe, the Archerieae.
Etymology
The genus was named by Joseph Dalton Hooker in 1844 after the nineteenth century Tasmanian botanist William Archer.
References
External links
Archeria at The Plant List
Archeria at the Atlas of Living Australia
Archeria at the Australian Plant Names Index
Archeria at the ''UTAS Key to Tasmanian Vascular Plants
Archeria at the online Flora of New Zealand
Archeria at the digitised Manual of the New Zealand Flora (1906)
Styphelioideae
Ericaceae genera
Ericales of Australia
Flora of New Zealand
Flora of Tasmania
Taxa named by Joseph Dalton Hooker
The House with Laughing Windows () is a 1976 Italian giallo film co-written and directed by Pupi Avati. The film was shot in Lido degli Scacchi in the Ferrara province of the Emilia-Romagna region in northern Italy.
Plot
Stefano (Lino Capolicchio) arrives in a village of the Valli di Comacchio area where they have been employed to restore a fresco depicting what appears to be the martyrdom of Saint Sebastian, which has been painted on a rotting wall of the local church by a mysterious, long-dead artist named Legnani. While temporarily taking up residence in the house that had been previously owned by the two sisters of the deceased painter, Stefano begins a romance with a new, beautiful schoolteacher, Francesca (Francesca Marciano), meanwhile learning from various townspeople that the painter had been a madman who had derived their art from real life. Specifically, Stefano learns that the artist — assisted by their two equally-insane sisters — had been a killer who brutally tortured people to death as inspiration for their horrific paintings — a practice that had likely been used for the very painting they are in process of restoring. As Stefano is discouraged for their task throughout the town, some of the villagers are brutally killed — including their employer — and they come to suspect that their murderer is trying to deter them from discovering the full truth behind the artist and their ominous legacy within the sleepy community.
Cast
Lino Capolicchio as Stefano
Francesca Marciano as Francesca
Gianni Cavina as Coppola
Giulio Pizzirani as Antonio Mazza
Vanna Busoni as Teacher
Andrea Matteuzzi as Poppi
Bob Tonelli as Solmi
Pietro Brambilla as Lidio
Ferdinando Orlandi as Marshall
Ines Ciaschetti as Concierge
Flavia Giorgi as Poppi's Wife
Eugene Walter as Priest
Carla Astolfi as Chambermaid
Tonino Corazzari as Buono Legnani
Pina Borione as Laura Legnani
John Marquette as Saint Sebastian in fresco (uncredited)
Production
The idea for The House With Laughing Windows came from a story director Pupi Avati had heard as a child involving the exhumation of a priest in the village of Sasso Marconi. An early draft of the script was developed in the early 1970s under the title La luce dell'ultimo piano which was written by both Avati and Antonion Troisio. It was produced by Antonio Cuomo who later backed out of the project. Avati began working on the script again after the financial failure of their film House of Pleasure for Women and made several changes to the character and story. The final story and screenplay was credited to Pupi Avati and Antonio Avati.
The House with Laughing Windows was the first film produced by director Pupi Avati's company A.M.A. Film. The film was shot over five weeks between April and May 1976 in Comacchio and Minerbio, Ferrara, Italy. Although the credits state Incir-De Paolis Studios in Rome, this was purely listed for bureaucratic reasons.
Release
The House with Laughing Windows was distributed theatrically in Italy by Euro International Films where on 16 August 1976. On its domestic release, the film grossed a total of 722,135,201 Italian lire.
The House with Laughing Windows was released on Region 1 DVD on 18 March 2003 through Paradox Entertainment. On 5 January 2010 the film was released on Region 2 DVD through Metrodome.
Reception
The film has been received well by contemporary critics. AllMovie's review of the film was favorable, giving it a rating of 3 out of 5, and writing that "[though] fans of typical Italian horror films may find House with the Windows That Laugh [sic] lacking in the stylistic excesses of many of its contemporary companion pieces, it exceeds its contemporaries in almost every other area," and that it was "imbued with an overwhelming sense of dread that grows to an almost unbearable pitch."
On review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes, no score has yet been reached with only two critical ratings submitted. The current ratings — both "fresh" — are from Emanuel Levy of emanuellevy.com, who gave the film a 3 out of 5, and Anton Bitel of Eye for Film, who gave the film a 4.5 out of 5, and wrote, "certainly a gripping giallo, but also an intelligent allegory of post-war Italy's struggles to emerge from the Fascist outrages of its recent past."
Availability and legacy
On 9 August 2011 Trailers From Hell! uploaded a video segment on the film to YouTube, in which Eli Roth discusses their feelings on its merits and the giallo genre, opining that it is "a great place to start [into giallo]" and "amongst the best" of the genre, ultimately comparing the film to the work of Dario Argento, Mario Bava, and Lucio Fulci — "the masters of the giallo."
It was screened as an outstanding example of its genre at the British Film Institute in November 2019.
See also
List of Italian films of 1976
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
1976 films
Films about fictional painters
Italian horror thriller films
1970s horror thriller films
1976 horror films
Italian supernatural horror films
Films directed by Pupi Avati
Giallo films
1970s Italian-language films
Films set in Emilia-Romagna
Films shot in Italy
Saint Sebastian in art
1970s Italian films
Dick Logan may refer to:
Dick Logan (American football player)
Dick Logan (American football coach)
Dick Logan (Australian footballer)
See also
Richard Logan (disambiguation)
The 2009–10 Texas Longhorns women's basketball team represented University of Texas at Austin in the 2009–10 NCAA Division I basketball season. The Longhorns were coached by Gail Goestenkors. The Longhorns are a member of the Big 12 Conference.
Offseason
May 4: The Texas Women's Basketball team joins an elite field selected to participate in The U.S. Virgin Islands Paradise Jam tournament in November at the University of the Virgin Islands in St. Thomas, USVI.
Exhibition
Paradise Jam
Games at the 2009 US Virgin Islands Paradise Jam shall be played at the U.V.I. Sports and Fitness Center, a basketball facility located in Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas.
Regular season
Dec 1: Erika Arriaran made seven 3-pointers and scored a career-high 23 points in a 94–80 victory over Oral Roberts. Arriaran set a career best for three-pointers and grabbed four rebounds.
The Longhorns will compete in the University of Miami tournament to be held from December 28 to 29.
Roster
Schedule
The Longhorns will compete in the University of Miami Tournament, to be held on December 28 and 29.
Big 12 Championship
Player stats
Postseason
NCAA basketball tournament
Awards and honors
Team players drafted into the WNBA
References
External links
Official Site
Texas Longhorns women's basketball seasons
Texas
Texas
Shiupur, also spelled Shivpur, is a village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 3,760, in 598 households. It is located northwest of the city of Jagdishpur.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
"Éblouie par la nuit" is a song by French singer Zaz, written by Raphaël. They included it on their first studio album, Zaz (2010), and in November 2011 released it as the fourth and final single from the album. The music video was released on 17 November 2011.
Track listing
Promo digital single – Play On (Sony)
"Éblouie par la nuit" (2:53)
Cover versions
The future Kids United member Erza Muqoli performed the song in the 20 January 2015 semi-final of the ninth season of La France a un incroyable talent, provoking a standing ovation from the audience.
Kids United later covered it on their first album, Un monde meilleur (2016).
Charts
References
2010 songs
2011 singles
Zaz (singer) songs
Kids United songs
French songs
Sony Music singles
Alexander Bak (born January 16, 1991) is a Danish basketball player for Óbila CB of the Liga EBA. They have also competed for the Denmark national basketball team
In the 2018-19 season they played for Team FOG Næstved and averaged 5.0 points, 2.5 rebounds and 2.7 assists per game. Bak played for Oh!Tels ULB in the 2019-20 season and averaged 13.4 points, 5.0 rebounds and 3.1 assists per game. They signed with Óbila CB on September 24, 2020.
References
External links
at basketball.realgm.com
1991 births
Living people
Danish men's basketball players
Danish expatriate basketball people in Spain
Small forwards
Hørsholm 79ers players
Lea is a Czech drama film. It was released in 1997.
Plot
Lea witnesses their mother's rape and murder by their father as a child and because of it speaks very little and writes poems to their mother. Lea then grows up with foster parents in a different part of Slovakia. Strehlow buys Lea, now aged 21, from their foster father and imprisons them in a castle in Germany, using the same tools Lea's father used to control Lea as a child and to kill Lea's mother. As Strehlow learns more of Lea's past, they permit them to continue writing to their mother. Lea dies of a stroke within a year of living with Strehlow.
Cast
Lenka Vlasakova.... as Lea
Christian Redl.... as Strehlow
Hanna Schygulla.... as Wanda
Miroslav Donutil.... as Gregor Palty
Udo Kier.... as Block
Gerd Lohmeyer.... as Postmaster
Tereza Vetrovska.... as Young Lea
Awards
1997 Angers European First Film Festival
Won Audience Award for Feature Film (tied with Some Mother's Son)
Won C.I.C.A.E award
Won Telcipro award (tied with Pretty Village, Pretty Flame)
1997 Brussels International Film Festival
Won Audience Award
Won Crystal Star Award for Best European Feature
Cinequest San Jose Film Festival
Won Best Feature Award
Nominated for Maverick Spirit Award
1998 Czech Lions
Won Best Actress Award going to Lenka Vlasáková
Won Best Cinematography going to Vladimír Smutný
Nominated for Best Design Achievement going to Petr Kunc and Ludvík Široký
Nominated for Best Director going to Ivan Fila
Nominated for Best Editing going to Ivana Davidová
Nominated for Best Film
Nominated for Best Screenplay going to Ivan Fila
Nominated for Best Sound going to Marcel Spisak and Max Rammier-Rogall
1996 European Film Awards
Nominated European Film Award for Best Young Film
1997 German Film Awards
Nominated Gold Film Award for Outstanding Feature Film
1998 USA Golden Globe
Nominated Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film
1997 London Film Festival
Won Satyajit Ray Award
1997 Max Ophüls Festival
Won Audience Award
1997 Sochi International Film Festival
Won FIPRESCI Prize
1997 Stockholm Film Festival
Nominated Bronze Horse Award
1997 Venice Film Festival
Won OCIC Award in Honorable Mention
External links
Czech films
1990s Czech-language films
1997 films
Czech Lion Awards winners (films)
Llwynypia Hospital () was a health facility in Llwynypia, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales. It was managed by the Cwm Taf Morgannwg University Health Board.
History
The facility has its origins an old subsidiary workhouse which was completed in 1903. An infirmary was added in 1909 and it became a general hospital in 1927 before joining the National Health Service as Llwynypia Hospital in 1948. As the only village with maternity facilities in the Rhondda, most residents from the area over the last century have Llwynypia as their place of birth on their birth certificates. After services transferred to the new Ysbyty Cwm Rhondda, Llwynypia Hospital closed in January 2010.
References
Hospitals in Rhondda Cynon Taf
Hospitals established in 1903
1903 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1903
Buildings and structures in Rhondda Cynon Taf
Defunct hospitals in Wales
Kamal Shedge (22 June 1935 – 4 July 2020) was an Indian typographer and type designer.  They are well known for their title designs and logos for numerous Marathi theatre plays, periodicals, newspapers, Hindi and Marathi films, book covers and record labels.
Early life
Shedge was born on 22 June 1935 in Girgaon area of Bombay. They completed their education at the Orient High School in Girgaon. From an early age, Shedge was interested in reading, copied figures from magazines like Filmfare and created innovative letters. This is how they learned some basics of art as they did not study art formally at any art institute.
Shedge wanted to become a story writer. Although, it became difficult to pursue this field after their poor performance in the high school exams. At that time, their father worked as a calligrapher in the art department of The Times of India. They asked them to join their field of work. Initially, Shedge's non-design background came across as an administration hurdle. It was only later that Walter Langhammer, then head of art department intervened after seeing their work and made way for them to join. Thereby in 1955, Shedge began working in the art department of the Times of India. They were given small jobs to start with, which included completing the sketches of senior artists in the department.
Career
In 1959, Ramesh Sanzgiri joined the Times of India as the art director. They provided Shedge with insights about how to design a title rather than just putting together a combination of letters. Shedge then created designs for headlines in magazines such as Filmfare, Femina and Madhuri. Their artistic prowess gained prominence with the launch of the Maharashtra Times in 1962. They had designed the masthead for the daily which set a benchmark for layout design in newspapers.
During this time, advertising in media was expanding to Indian languages. However, little variety of lettering in Devanagari script was available at the time. In order to accomplish this task, it was necessary to have a transliteration in Devanagari script that could communicate the same meaning as English. Shedge introduced Devanagari alphabets with different weights (bold, light), similar to the serif and sans-serif alphabets in English. This completely changed the world of lettering in advertising. Their work was a precursor to the fonts we see on the computer today.
Theatre titles
Shedge played a key role in changing the face of play advertisements in Marathi theatre. Their first opportunity to design a theatre title came about in 1962. However, they gained prominence few years later with their design for the play Matsyagandha. Around this time, Shedge got an opportunity to work for Marathi theatre artist Mohan Wagh. The latter had started a drama production house called Chandralekha which staged many Marathi dramas. Since their first play, Shedge had created publicity material for them. From 1965 onward, their work has been part of plays like Raigadala Jevha Jaag Yete, Garambicha Bapu, Swami, Lagnachi Bedi, to modern hits like Amar Photo Studio. They provided a brand identity to the play that not only improved the tastes of the audience but also drew them to the theatres.
Logo designs
In 1974, Shedge was approached by Jayant Salgaonkar to design the logo for Kalnirnay, a calendar-almanac in Marathi. It is now produced in several Indian languages but the Marathi version continues to feature the logo and numerals that Shedge had designed. They had also made logos for periodicals like Maher, Deepavali, Kirloskar and Chanderi.
Movie titles
Shedge had created titles for a number of Marathi movies like Veer Savarkar (2001), Fakta Ladh Mhana (2011) and Kaksparsh (2012). Given their proficiency in multiple scripts, they were approached by film producers to adapt English titles in regional languages. Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (1995), Devdas (2002), Bhool Bhulaiyaa (2007) and Saawariya (2007) are some of the films where they adapted the English design in Hindi. Occasionally, they also designed titles in both the scripts, like the film Kites (2010) or the titles in Urdu style for Umrao Jaan (2006).
Other works
Additionally, Shedge also designed book covers, cassettes and record labels. They have created record covers for noted singers like Bhimsen Joshi and Lata Mangeshkar.
Later life
Shedge retired from the Times of India in 1990 and continued freelance work. They published three books, Majhi Akshargatha (1995), Chitrakshara (2002) and Kamalakshara (2009) which discuss about their works and career. They also organized several exhibitions of their calligraphic works which were well received.
Death
Shedge died in Mumbai on 4 July 2020 at the age of 85.
References
External links
Interview on YouTube (in Marathi)
Tribute page on Facebook and Instagram
Interview with DD Sahyadri on Facebook (in Marathi)
1935 births
2020 deaths
People from Mumbai
20th-century Indian male artists
Indian typographers and type designers
Kudumbini is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. A. Thomas. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Adoor Bhasi. The film has musical score by L. P. R. Varma. The film received a certificate of merit at the annual National Film Awards. The movie was remade in Kannada in 1966 as Premamayi.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
K. K. Aroor
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan
P. A. Thomas
Meena
Panjabi
Plot
Kaviyoor Ponnamma is married to Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, the eldest in a well to do family. The family is a joint family with Thikkurissi's younger brother Prem Nazir and a younger married sister Sharadha and their mother. Sharadha is the antagonist who tries their best to create misunderstanding between their family and the daughter in law of the family, Kaviyoor Ponnamma. Soon the misunderstandings are sorted and Prem Nazir falls in love with a feisty girl Janu (Sheela) and marries them Janu turns out to be a mean spirited woman. Sharadha tries and succeeds in turning Janu against their elder sister in law. In the mix arrives the flamboyant son in law of the house, who is basically living off their wife's family. After some time of trying to get some money off their in laws, they are pressurized by the wife to take them to their place of work and residence.  They are running a failing circus business with their girlfriend.  They are arrested for cheating their employees and Sharadha is left alone. Meanwhile Janu drives out their brother in law and wife out of the house as the house is willed to their husband.
A despondent Sharadha goes back to their brothers home but Janu doesn't accept them They go to their elder brother's home and is received warmly. Soon Janu goes into labour and the midwife informs Prem Nazir that they need medical help. Janu is rushed for a caesarean and their elder sister in law donates their blood to save her, dying in the process. Janu decides to bring up their sister in laws son as their own.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by L. P. R. Varma and the lyrics were written by Abhayadev.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. A. Thomas
Macrourogaleus is a genus of palaeospinacid shark from the Late Jurassic Solnhofen Limestone. It is probably related to Paraorthacodus due anatomical similarities seen in whole-body fossils of both genera.
References
External links
Prehistoric shark genera
Jurassic sharks
Palaeospinacidae
Prehistoric cartilaginous fish genera
Fossils of Germany
Callimetopus antonkozlovi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2016.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2016
Per Edgar Kokkvold (born 26 March 1946) is a Norwegian journalist, former editor and secretary-general of the Norwegian Press Association, and current chair of the Norwegian Broadcasting Council.
Kokkvold was born in Røros. They spent most of their career in Arbeiderbladet, where they were foreign news commentator from 1973 to 1984, foreign news editor from 1984 to 1991 and editor (not editor-in-chief) from 1991 to 1996. They were the secretary-general of the Norwegian Press Association from 1996, until succeeded by Kjersti Løken Stavrum in 2013. They were in 2014 elected to chair the Norwegian Broadcasting Council for the period 2014 to 2017.
In 2006, controversy arose when Kokkvold advocated publishment of the Muhammad cartoons. They received several death threats related to the controversy and needed police protection for long periods.
In 2013 they were awarded the Fritt Ord Honorary Award for their fight for free speech and their commentary on media ethics and journalistic practice. They were awarded the inaugural Gunnar Sønsteby memorial prize together with Kristin Solberg in 2015.
Kokkvold resides in Drøbak, Norway.
References
1946 births
Living people
Norwegian journalists
People from Røros
People from Frogn
Eslamabad (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Emām Verdīkhān) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 366, in 86 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Bijayananda Patnaik (5 March 1916 – 17 April 1997) was an Indian politician, aviator and business person. As politician, they served twice as the Chief Minister of the State of Odisha.
Early life
Their parents lived in Bellaguntha, Ganjam district, around 80 km from Bramhapur. They were educated at Ravenshaw College in Odisha but, due to their interest in aviation, dropped out and trained as a pilot. Patnaik flew with private airlines but at the start of the Second World War they joined the Royal Indian Air Force. They eventually became the head of air transport command. While in service, they developed an interest in nationalist politics and used air force transports to deliver what was seen as subversive literature to Indian troops. They were jailed by the British for dropping political leaflets to Indian soldiers fighting under British command in Burma and flying clandestine missions that carried Congress Party leaders from hideouts across India to secret meetings that charted the independence struggle. However Patnaik remained committed to fighting the Axis Powers.
Role in Indonesian freedom struggle
Biju Patnaik met with Jawaharlal Nehru during their participation in Indonesian freedom struggle and became one of their trusted friends. Nehru viewed the freedom struggle of the Indonesian people as parallel to that of India, and viewed Indonesia as a potential ally. When the Dutch attempted to quell Indonesian independence on 21 July 1947, President Sukarno ordered Sjahrir, the former prime minister of Indonesia, to leave the country to attend the first Inter-Asia Conference, organised by Nehru, in July 1947 and to foment international public opinion against the Dutch. Sjahrir was unable to leave as the Dutch controlled the Indonesian sea and air routes. Nehru asked Biju Patnaik, who was adventurous and an expert pilot, to rescue Sjahrir and other Indonesian resistance fighters who were fighting their Dutch colonisers. Biju Patnaik and their wife Gyanwati, flew to Java, dodging the Dutch guns, they entered Indonesian airspace and landed on an improvised airstrip near Jakarta. Using left-over fuel from abandoned Japanese military dumps, Patnaik took off with prominent rebels, including Sultan Sjahrir and Achmad Sukarno, for a secret meeting with Nehru at New Delhi and brought out on a Douglas C-47 (Dakota) military aircraft reaching India via Singapore on 24 July 1947. For this act of bravery, Patnaik was given honorary citizenship in Indonesia and awarded the 'Bhoomi Putra', the highest Indonesian award, rarely granted to a foreigner. In 1995, when Indonesia was celebrating its 50th Independence Day, Biju Patnaik was awarded the highest national award, the Bintang Jasa Utama.
In 2015, Sukarno's daughter Megawati Sukarnoputri recounted how it was Patnaik who suggested they be named Meghavati or "daughter of clouds". She, whose full name is Diah Permata Megawati Setiawati Sukarnoputri, later became Indonesia's first female president, serving from 2001 to 2004.
In 2021, the Indonesian Embassy in New Delhi designated a room on the name of Biju Patnaik. On the walls of the Biju Patnaik room are photographs, newspaper clippings and letters that document Mr. Patnaik's secret assignments to fly out Indonesian leaders, as well as their relations with the Indonesian leadership.
Landing with DC-3
Biju Patnaik flew many sorties on their Dakota DC-3 from Delhi Safdarjung Airport on 27 October 1947, after the first Dakota DC-3 (Reg. No: VP 905) flown by Wg. Cdr. KL Bhatia landed in Srinagar Airport early morning. They brought 17 soldiers of 1-Sikh regiment commanded by Lt. Col. Dewan Ranjit Rai. They flew low on the airstrip twice to ensure that no raiders were around. Instructions from Prime Minister Nehru's office were clear: If the airport was taken over by the enemy, they were not to land. Taking a full circle the DC-3 flew ground level. Anxious eyeballs peered from inside the aircraft – only to find the airstrip empty. Nary a soul was in sight. The raiders were busy distributing the spoils of war amongst them in Baramulla.
Politics in independent India
Patnaik's political ideals were centered in socialism and federalism. Their strong advocacy for equal resources to all Indian states who needed such, made them a champion of their Odia constituents.
In 1946 Patnaik was elected uncontested to the Odisha Legislative Assembly from North Cuttack constituency. In 1952 and 1957 they won from Jagannathprasad and Surada, respectively. In 1960 they assumed the presidency of the state Congress. Under their leadership, the Congress Party won 82 of 140 seats and Patnaik (representing Chowdwar constituency) became the chief minister of Odisha on 23 June 1961 and remained in the position until 2 October 1963 when they resigned from the post under the Kamaraj Plan to revitalise the Congress party. They were the Chief Minister of Odisha at the age of 45.
Patnaik was close to Indira Gandhi who took over the Congress Party in 1967. However, they clashed in 1969 over the Presidential election. They left the Congress and formed a regional party—the Utkal Congress. In the 1971 assembly poll, their party did reasonably well. Patnaik then re-established contact with their old friend Jayaprakash Narayan and plunged into the JP movement as it picked up momentum in 1974. When the Emergency was declared in 1975, Biju Patnaik was one of the first to be arrested along with other opposition leaders.
They were released in 1977. Later, in the same year, they were elected to the Lok Sabha for the first time from Kendrapara and became Union minister for steel and mines in both the Morarji Desai and the Charan Singh governments until 1979. They were re-elected to the Lok Sabha again in 1980 and 1984 from Kendrapara as Janata Party candidate despite the Congress wave in 1984 following Indira Gandhi's death. With the Congress defeat in 1989, they bounced back into the political limelight. However, after playing a key behind-the-scenes role in manoeuvring V. P. Singh to the Prime Minister's post, they again chose to go back to Odisha, and prepared for the assembly election. In 1990 state assembly election, the Janata Dal received a thumping majority (two-thirds of the assembly seats) which saw Biju Patnaik being the Chief Minister of Odisha for the second time until 1995.
Patnaik was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1996 from Cuttack and Aska constituencies as a Janata Dal candidate. They retained the latter until their death on 17 April 1997 of cardio-respiratory failure.
In 1992, Bijayananda Patnaik left this quote for the people of Odisha;
"In my dream of the 21st century for the State, I would have young men and women who put the interest of the State before them. They will have pride in themselves, confidence in themselves. They will not be at anybody's mercy, except their own selves. By their brains, intelligence and capacity, they will recapture the history of Kalinga."
Achievements as a public representative
Biju Patnaik set up Kalinga tubes, Kalinga Airlines, Kalinga Iron work, Kalinga Refractories and the Kalinga, a daily Oriya newspaper. In 1951 they established the international Kalinga Prize for popularisation of Science and Technology among the people and entrusted the responsibility to the UNESCO. The projects which they were known to have spearheaded includes the Port of Paradip, Orissa aviation centre, Bhubaneswar Airport, the Cuttack-Jagatpur Mahanadi highway bridge, Regional Engineering College, Rourkela, Sainik School Bhubaneswar, Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology-Bhubaneswar, NALCO (National Aluminum Company), Talcher Thermal Power Station, Balimela Hydel Project, HAL-Sunabeda and the Choudwar & Barbil industrial belts.
They also established the Kalinga Cup in football.
Family
Biju Patnaik was married to Gyan Patnaik, who belonged to Punjab, due to which they are known as a son-in-law of Punjab as well. Just like Biju their wife too was a pilot. In fact, they were the first Indian lady to get a commercial pilot's license. In the 1940s, Gyan Patnaik accompanied Biju in the freedom struggle movement and evacuation of British families from Rangoon when the Japanese laid siege on the region.
Biju Patnaik's younger son, Naveen Patnaik, is the current Chief Minister of Odisha. Their daughter, Gita Mehta, is an English writer. Their elder son Prem Patnaik is a Delhi-based industrialist.
Commemoration
The Government of Odisha has named several institutions after the name of Biju Patanaik. They include the Biju Patnaik Airport at Bhubaneswar, the Biju Patnaik University of Technology, Biju Patnaik Stadium at Nalco Nagar, Angul etc. Also their son Naveen Patnaik made their birthday 5 March as the Panchayat Raj Divas, a holiday in Odisha in their memory. The Biju Patnaik 5 Rupee commemorative coin was released in 2016. The glimpse of Biju Patnaik's stature can be understood by the fact that when they died, their coffin was wrapped in the national flags of India, Russia, and Indonesia.
Personal life
An avid Bridge player, Patnaik was the father of author Gita Mehta, Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and Prem Patnaik.
Legislative history
See also
List of Chief Ministers of Odisha
Biju Sena
References
External links
New York Times article on Biju Patnaik
Biju Patnaik: The Vision of a Patriot
Tribute to Patnaik
1916 births
1997 deaths
Chief Ministers of Odisha
Indian independence activists from Odisha
Brahmos
India MPs 1977–1979
India MPs 1980–1984
India MPs 1984–1989
India MPs 1996–1997
Utkal Congress politicians
Members of the Odisha Legislative Assembly
V. P. Singh administration
Indian aviators
Lok Sabha members from Odisha
Rajya Sabha members from Odisha
People from Ganjam district
People from Kendrapara district
Indians imprisoned during the Emergency (India)
Leaders of the Opposition in Odisha
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
Chief ministers from Janata Dal
Janata Dal politicians
Indian National Congress politicians from Odisha
Janata Party politicians
People from Cuttack
Janata Party (Secular) politicians
Orissa MLAs 1961–1967
The naked-faced barbet (Gymnobucco calvus) is a bird species in the family Lybiidae (the African barbets). It used to be placed in the family Bucconidae (puffbirds), which has been split up; alternatively, it may be included in a vastly expanded Ramphastidae (toucans).
It is found in Angola, Benin, Cameroon, Republic of the Congo, DRC, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and Togo.
References
naked-faced barbet
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
naked-faced barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Antoine Bernard-Jean Marfan (; June 23, 1858 – February 11, 1942) was a French paediatrician.
They were born in Castelnaudary (département Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon) to Antoine Prosper Marfan and Adélaïde Thuries. They began their medical studies in Toulouse, where they stayed for two years before moving to Paris. They graduated in 1886, their education having been interrupted by a period of military service. In 1903 they became a professor of infantile hygiene in the paediatric clinic of the University of Paris. During the same year, they became a member of the Académie de Médecine.
In 1896, Marfan described a hereditary disorder of connective tissue that was to become known as Marfan syndrome, the term first being used by Henricus Jacobus Marie Weve (1888–1962) of Utrecht in 1931. Today, it is thought that Marfan's patient (a five-year-old girl named Gabrielle) was affected by a condition known as congenital contractural arachnodactyly, and not Marfan's syndrome.
Further eponymous medical conditions named after Antoine Marfan include:
Dennie–Marfan syndrome
Marfan's hypermobility syndrome
Marfan's law
Marfan's sign
Marfan's symptom
Marfan–Madelung syndrome
Marfan also had interests in the paediatric aspects of tuberculosis, nutrition and diphtheria. With Jacques-Joseph Grancher (1843–1907) and Jules Comby (1853–1947), they were co-authored of Traité des maladies de l'enfance. From 1913 to 1922, they were publisher of the journal Le Nourrisson.
References
External links
Antoine Marfan @ Who Named It
1858 births
1942 deaths
People from Castelnaudary
19th-century French physicians
20th-century French physicians
French pediatricians
Perran Kutman (born Perran Kanat on 30 November 1949) is a Turkish actor who usually appears in comedic roles.
They went to the Istanbul Municipal Conservatory and started their professional acting career in 1967 at the Ulvi Uraz Theatre. They participated in several plays such as with Nisa Serezli in 1969, Sezer Sezin in 1973, Miyatro in 1980 until their final play Artiz Mektebi in 1987.
Kutman became interested in the film industry or 'Yeşilçam' as it was widely known at the time, and made their film debut in 1971 opposite Müjdat Gezen in Kaynanam Tatilde. They then appeared in a number of successful films, including Köyden İndim Şehire, Salak Milyoner, Hababam Sınıfı and Gırgıriye.
They starred in the comedy series Perihan Abla (Sister Perihan), one of the most watched shows in the history of Turkish television. Kutman had major successes in other series like Kızlar Yurdu, Şehnaz Tango, Bir Kadın Bir Erkek, Üzgünüm Leyla and Hayat Bilgisi
They were married to actor Hüseyin Kutman whose surname they took. After they divorced, they married the musician Koral Sarıtaş.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Actresses from Istanbul
Turkish comedians
Turkish film actores
Turkish television actores
Turkish stage actores
Golden Orange Life Achievement Award winners
20th-century Turkish actores
DBR may refer to:
Daniel Bernard Roumain, composer and violinist
DBR Class of diesel locomotive, New Zealand
De Bellis Renationis, renaissance wargaming rules
Design-based research in the learning sciences
Deuterium bromide, chemical formula DBr
Distributed Bragg reflector, used in waveguides
Dowel bar retrofit, highway crack treatment
Drum-Buffer-Rope, in the theory of constraints
ДБР, State Bureau of Investigation (Ukraine)
Codes
Bad Doberan, Germany, vehicle license plate
Derby Road (Ipswich) railway station, National Rail code DBR
DutchBird, airline ICAO code DBR
Dobrolet (low-cost airline), airline ICAO code DBR
A Greenskeeper (or Course Superintendent) is a person responsible for the care and upkeep of a golf course or a sport turf playing surface.
Work description and duties
A greenskeeper maintains a golf course's or country club's grounds. This includes all cultural practices along with setting of pins and marking of hazards for regular club play along with tournament play. Greenskeepers work under the direction of the Golf Course Superintendent or Director of Golf Course Operations. For a greenskeeper, it is more important to have experience and capability than formal education.
Measuring green speed with a stimpmeter
Greenskeepers measure the "speed" of golf greens with a stimpmeter. The stimpmeter is used to compare green speed within a facility to ensure consistency. Stimpmeter readings are not used to compare one facility with another; many factors, including design, undulation and grass type affect green speed. The tool measures how fast a green allows the golf ball to travel. A greenskeeper can increase the speed of the green by mowing the grass shorter, mowing more than once in multiple directions, use of a lightweight roller, or by topdressing the green with a small amount of fine sand to alter the putting surface.
Responsibility of setting the pins for play
Setting pins and tee markers is the one part of the job that differ from the job of other groundskeepers and horticulturists. On many courses, the pin is moved regularly. When setting or moving the pins on greens, a greenskeeper must think about these factors all together.
The pin location will affect the golf course difficulty.
Turf grass on the golf green wears and tears around the putting hole.
A pin and hole cannot be legitimately placed at every place on the green.
In most cases, the greenskeeper that sets the greens pins also moves and sets the tee markers. The tee markers are the pieces stuck in the ground that mark the line from which to tee-off or strike the golf ball. If a greenskeeper moves all the tee markers to the back of the tees and then, in addition, moves all the holes and pins to the back of the green, the accumulation of total yards to cover would be drastically increased.
Almost every golf course is measured and rated according to yards/distance. Because of this, it is wise to keep the accumulative yardage for daily play close to the rating for the course. There is no total number of yards to guide greenskeepers for each day's moving of the pins. It's a judgement call, an estimation.
A course should be measured from the medal plate (the furthest distance possible on each hole, minus approx 2 yards from rear of the tee to allow for backswing) of the tee to the centre of the golf green following the center of the fairways. The actual distance of the hole may be slightly longer, with a pin at the rear of the green, but golfers should check scorecards or stroke-savers to find the depth of the green to aid club selection.
If a greenskeeper sets some golf green pins back behind the center of the green, it's logical and reasonable to set some other greens pins in front of the green center, on the fairway side.
In similar fashion – not in reference to yardage – some pins should be placed on the left of the green, some on the right, and a few in the center in regards to left and right placement.
For general daily golf play, some pin placements should be easy, some medium and some hard. The closer the pin is to the fairway does not mean an easier shot, especially if there is a bunker (sand trap) immediately in front of the green. In that case, the rear of the green may be the easier pin placement even though the distance is greater.
Learning the layout of a golf course helps for setting both the pins and the tee markers. If all the tee markers and greens pins are set on the right, that will bring the trees on the right side into play. If all tee markers and greens pins are set on the left, that brings the trees on the left into play.
The trees on the left and right affect different players. Some players "slice" the ball to the right. Some golfers "hook" the golf ball to the left. A slice or hook are when the ball's path curves in flight after it is hit.
Since some players may chronically hit the ball to the left or to the right, it's only fair to give a near equal advantage to every player. So a greenskeeper should bring trees into play from both the right and left sides of the tees, fairways and greens. This is controlled by the setting and position of the tee markers, golf, green holes, and pins.
As much as possible, a pin should be set in an upright or "plumb" position. Plumb is at 90 degrees to a level or horizontal plane. A golf green pin should not be perpendicular to the green surface because a green surface is not usually level. If the pin is set at a 90-degree angle to what we would consider a "level line", then a golfer can look down the fairway and see how drastic or how little a green surface deviates from a level surface.
Placing pins is done by feel and experience. Typically, a greenskeeper lets the weight of the cup cutting tool dangle so that gravity makes it vertical and plumb, then twists the handles to slice the round cutting cylinder into the green while trying to keep the tool in a vertical position. After the tool cuts in, it lifts a cylindrical core out of the new hole. This core of soil is saved to repair the old or previous hole after the cup is snagged and lifted out. Once the old hole is plugged with the soil and turf core, the greenskeeper places the cup into the new hole.
The greenskeeper then sets a round gadget called a cup-setter onto the cup and presses it down. This sets the top of the cup below the green's surface by about 1" according to golf standards. If the cup is located too high, a golf ball may roll into the hole and ride the rim of the cup, then roll back out. By setting the cup down properly, a ball should stay in the golf green hole.
Because the green wears around the hole from daily putting and play, the new greens pin location should be located at least 12' to 20' away from the previous one. The wear and tear can mean moving the greens pin daily during summer time golf play. In summer, if a pin is left in the same spot for a few days, the turf can be practically destroyed.
It is okay to place a golf hole on a slope. If a ball is putted uphill toward a golf hole and pin, if the ball stops rolling uphill before it goes in the hole, that ball should stop in place and not roll back downhill again. If the ball is hit uphill and then rolls back downhill, that slope is too steep for a golf pin placement.
Various tournaments, men's clubs and women's clubs, may have their rules, but in general, a golf green pin should not be placed closer to the golf green's edge than about 8' to 10'.
Other tasks
Other responsibilities that are typically required of a greenskeeper include raking the bunkers, watering plants, repairing divots made by shots, trimming tee boxes, and mowing the entire course.
Right of way
It is forbidden to hit a ball onto the green when a greenskeeper is there unless they clearly motion for you to do so. Generally, golfers have the right of way on a golf course, and workers will wait or yield to players. If a greenskeeper is on the green and the pin is out, however, they have the right of way.
Further reading
Stimpmeter Instruction Booklet at the USGA.
Guide to building and maintaining putting greens
About the concept of "homeowner" greenskeepers
See also
Groundskeeping#Groundskeeping equipment
Turf management#Golf courses
References
Golf people
Sports occupations and roles
Horticulture
Lawn care
Nenita () is a town in Ionia, Chios, Greece. It is located in the south-east Chios, 17 km south of Chios (town). Nenita belongs to Chios municipality and Ionia municipal unit. Its population is 903 inhabitants according to 2011 census.
History
Nenita is mentioned by European visitors during Ottoman Rule in Greece. It is mentioned as developed and big village. Its name possible derives from the Greek word neonita (νεώνητα) that means new buildings. Nenita suffered great damages during destructive earthquake of 1881. Nowadays, Nenita is a big village of South Chios. The residents employed in agriculture, mostly the agriculture and production of mastic. Nenita is associated with the icon of Archangel Michael
Historical population
References
External links
WebPage for the village
Populated places in Chios
Sir Thomas Kitson (1485 – 11 September 1540) was a wealthy English merchant, Sheriff of London, and builder of Hengrave Hall in Suffolk.
Family
Thomas Kitson was the son of Robert Kitson (or Kytson) of Warton, Lancashire. Their mother's name was Margaret Smyth, daughter of Sir William Smyth and Lady Margaret Cornwall. Their sister, Margaret Kitson, married John Washington, ancestor of George Washington.
Career
Kitson came to London as a youth, and was apprenticed to the London mercer and Merchant Adventurer, Richard Glasyer. They were admitted a freeman of the Mercers' Company in 1507, and served as Warden in 1525-6 and 1533-4 and as Master in 1534–5. They served as Sheriff of London in 1533–4, and was knighted on 30 May of that year, an honour not conferred on their co-sheriff, William Forman. In May 1534 they were associated with Rowland Lee, Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield, in taking oaths of fealty from priests and monks.
Kitson had financial dealings with the Crown on a large scale. By 1509 their mercantile transactions were already extensive, and by 1534-5 only ten other merchants exported cloth in larger quantities. They were a member of the Company of Merchant Adventurers until their death, and traded at the cloth fairs or staples held by the company at Antwerp, Middelburg, and elsewhere in Flanders.
Kitson had a house in London on Milk Street with a chapel, a garden on Coleman Street, and a house and chapel in Stoke Newington. Like other wealthy London merchants they had a house in Antwerp. They also purchased properties in the counties of Devon, Dorset and Somerset, and in 1521 acquired from Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham, for £2340, the manors of Hengrave in Suffolk and Colston Bassett in Nottinghamshire. On the Duke's attainder and execution in the following year, Kitson was for a time deprived of the estates, but they were restored to him, confirmed by an Act of Parliament of 1524. They obtained a licence from Henry VIII to build an embattled manor house at Hengrave on a magnificent scale. The building was begun in 1525, and finished in 1538. A later inventory of the furniture and goods at Hengrave shows its extent and elegance. Kitson subsequently purchased several other manors in Suffolk from the crown. Besides Hengrave, they had houses at Westley and Risby in Suffolk.
Kitson died 11 September 1540, and was buried in Hengrave Church. In the north-east angle of the chapel is an ornate monument to the memory of their widow, Margaret, Countess of Bath, and their three husbands.
Marriages and issue
Kitson married twice:
First marriage
First, to an unknown woman by whom they had two daughters:
Lady Frances Kytson (born 15 Mar 1528 Hengrave, Suffolk, England; died 26 Feb 1589 Tawstock, Devon, England). They married John Bourchier, Lord FitzWarin (died 1557) (son of John Bourchier, 2nd Earl of Bath), and had descendants.
Elizabeth Kytson, the first wife of Edmund Croftes (d. 14 February 1558) of West Stow Hall, Little Saxham, Suffolk, son and heir of Sir John Croftes (d. 28 January 1558), who was in the service of Mary Tudor. Elizabeth Kitson bore Edmund Croftes two sons:
Thomas Croftes
Henry Croftes
After Elizabeth's death Edmund Croftes remarried to Eleanor Burgh, the daughter of Thomas Burgh, 1st Baron Burgh, by whom they had a son, John Croftes of Wangford, West Suffolk, who died without issue, and two daughters, Margaret and Alice.
Second marriage
Secondly, Thomas Kitson married Margaret Donnington (d. 12 January 1561), the only child and sole heiress of John Donnington (d.1544) of Stoke Newington, a member of the Worshipful Company of Salters, by their wife Elizabeth Pye, by whom they had a son born posthumously and four daughters:
Sir Thomas Kitson (1540–1603), who married firstly Jane Paget, the daughter of William Paget, 1st Baron Paget, by whom they had no issue, and secondly Elizabeth Cornwallis, the eldest daughter of Sir Thomas Cornwallis (d.1604), by whom they had a son who died as an infant and two daughters, Margaret, who married Sir Charles Cavendish (November 1553 – 4 April 1617) (son of Sir William Cavendish by their wife Bess of Hardwick) by whom they had no issue, and Mary, who married Thomas Darcy, 3rd Baron Darcy of Chiche.
Katherine Kitson, who married Sir John Spencer (1524 – 8 November 1586) of Althorpe, Northamptonshire, and Wormleighton, Warwickshire, by whom they had four sons and six daughters including:
John Spencer, MP, ancestor of the Earls Spencer and the Dukes of Marlborough.
Thomas Spencer
William Spencer
Richard Spencer
Elizabeth Spencer, who in 1574 married George Carey, 2nd Baron Hunsdon, the eldest son of Queen Elizabeth's cousin, Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon
Anne Spencer, who in 1575 married William Stanley, 3rd Baron Monteagle (c. 1529 – 1581), and in 1592 Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset
Alice Spencer, who in 1579 married Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby (c. 1559 – 1594). The three Spencer sisters were 'Phyllis, Charillis, and sweet Amaryllis' in the poet Edmund Spenser's Colin Clout's Come Home Again (1595).
Dorothy Kitson (1531–1577), who married firstly Sir Thomas Pakington (died 2 June 1571) of Hampton Lovett, Worcestershire, by whom they had four sons, Sir John, Henry, Robert and Thomas, and three daughters, Margaret, Katherine and Mary, and secondly Thomas Tasburgh (c. 1554 – c. 1602) of Hawridge, Buckinghamshire, by whom they had no issue.
Frances Kitson, who married firstly on 11 December 1548 their step-brother John Bourchier, Lord FitzWarin (who predeceased their father), the eldest son of John Bourchier, 2nd Earl of Bath, by whom they had a son, William Bourchier, 3rd Earl of Bath, and secondly they married William Barnaby of Great Saxham, Suffolk. Them monument with recumbent effigy exists in the south chancel aisle built by their father-in-law and step-father in Tawstock Church, Devon, next to the Bourchier seat of Tawstock Court, and is covered by the earliest six-columned canopy in Devon.
Anne Kitson, who married, as their first wife, Sir William Spring of Pakenham, Suffolk.
Following their death, Kitson's widow secured two further advantageous marriages which further enhanced the wealth and prestige of the family.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Will of Sir Thomas Kitson of Hengrave, Suffolk, proved 22 September 1540, PROB 11/29/2, National Archives Retrieved 15 July 2013
Will of Edmund Croft of West Stow, Suffolk, proved 13 November 1558, National Archives Retrieved 28 April 2013
'Parishes: Shingay', A History of the County of Cambridge and the Isle of Ely: Volume 8 (1982), pp. 124-127 Retrieved 28 April 2013
1485 births
1540 deaths
People from Carnforth
Merchants from London
16th-century merchants
16th-century English businesspeople
English knights
Sheriffs of the City of London
Merchants of the Staple
People from the Borough of St Edmundsbury
The Davenport Blue Sox was the name given to three minor league baseball teams based in Davenport, Iowa. The first version of the Blue Sox played in the Class B Three-I League from 1913–1916. The second played in the Class D Mississippi Valley League from 1929–1933, and the third version played in the Western League from 1934–1937. From 1936–1937, the team was a minor league affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers. The Blue Sox played their home games at Municipal Stadium from 1931–1937 and were the foundation for today's tenant, the Quad Cities River Bandits.
The 1933 club has been rated as the 58th best minor league baseball team of all time.
Year-by-year record
References
This article is based on the "Davenport Blue Sox" article at Baseball-Reference.com Bullpen. The Bullpen is a wiki, and its content is available under the GNU Free Documentation License.
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in Iowa
Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League teams
Sports teams in the Quad Cities
Baseball teams established in 1901
1901 establishments in Iowa
Davenport, Iowa
1937 disestablishments in Iowa
Baseball teams disestablished in 1937
Defunct Western League teams
Mississippi Valley League teams
Dandougou is a small town and seat of the commune of Dolendougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Richard Yates is an autobiographical novel by Tao Lin, published in 2010.
Plot
Haley Joel Osment and Dakota Fanning (unrelated to their child star namesakes, though they are the same respective ages as the actors were at the time the book was published) are friends who initially met over the internet and converse with each other regularly through Gmail chat. Haley is a 22-year-old author in Manhattan, and Dakota is a 16-year-old high school student in a nearby suburb in New Jersey.
Controversy
The novel's plot is based on Lin's relationship with the poet E. R. Kennedy, whom they dated when they were 22 and Kennedy was 16. In October 2014, Kennedy accused Lin of committing statutory rape over the course of their relationship. Kennedy also accused Lin of instances of emotional abuse, and claimed that Lin based passages in Richard Yates on personal email correspondence between the two.
Lin posted a statement on Facebook addressing Kennedy's accusations. They agreed that they had sex with Kennedy, with whom they had been in a long-term relationship, but said that it was "not statutory rape, let alone rape" (as the website Jezebel had originally reported before correcting the article), and said they had Kennedy's permission to use their correspondence. They also claimed to have offered Kennedy any royalties from Yates, and to request that Melville House withdraw it from circulation.
Background
Before writing Richard Yates, Lin sold 10 percent shares of its royalties for $2000 each. Expressing a desire to focus solely on the book without needing to maintain an income for living expenses, Lin said, “I actually will work better on my second novel, the way the novel is right now, if I have no obligations or responsibilities at all.” According to Lin, a conventional book deal with a publisher would have provided them with only a month's worth of living costs, whereas through private investments they thought they could make enough money to live on for three or four months. Six days after announcing their plan, Lin had sold 60 percent of the royalties in shares, for a total of $12,000.
Reception
Richard Yates, like Lin's previous work, met polarized criticism. Many reviewers criticized Lin's idiosyncratic plain and minimally descriptive style. One wrote that their prose "may appeal to a bored and banalized readership, but the writing is anything but appealing." Others were more forgiving; Charles Bock's mostly negative review for The New York Times allowed that Lin could be "genuinely funny" and that "When Haley Joel and Dakota find solace in each other through small, intimate gestures, or in descriptions of Dakota's defeated parents, Lin's flat style resonates." The Boston Globes review described Lin's writing as having "the effect of putting a red butterfly behind glass: detached but brighter."
Foreign editions
A French edition was published by Au Diable Vauvert and an Italian edition by Saggiatore.
References
External links
Official website
Interview at HTMLGIANT
2010 American novels
American autobiographical novels
Novels set in Manhattan
Novels set in New Jersey
Works by Tao Lin
Dan Ryckert is an American Games Entertainer, producer. Previously in a writer and former video game journalist role, now a Twitch streamer and podcaster. In 2011, Complex magazine named Ryckert one of the twenty-five "raddest" game journalists to follow-on Twitter. Ryckert has made three non-player character (NPC) appearances in video games; in 2011's L.A. Noire, 2014's Infamous Second Son and 2017's 2064: Read Only Memories.
Joining GameStop's Game Informer magazine in 2009, becoming senior associate editor, Ryckert reviewed games and made video content for its website. This included celebrity appearance videos featuring Gwar and Andrew W.K. During their time with the magazine, Ryckert broke two Guinness World Records, after playing two gaming marathons. In 2014 Ryckert, along with Game Informer video producer Jason Oestreicher, would both join CBS Interactive's Giant Bomb website, with Ryckert later moving from their San Francisco office to their New York office. In addition to weekly appearances on the Giant Bombcast and Giant Beastcast podcasts, Ryckert continued to produce video content such as playing the video game Super Mario Bros. 3 while riding the Medusa roller coaster and creating the Metal Gear-based "Metal Gear Scanlon" series with Drew Scanlon. In 2020, Ryckert became a podcast producer for WWE, before returning to Giant Bomb as a creative director in 2022.
In 2017, Ryckert and fiancé Bianca Monda were spotlighted in the media when they won a competition to be the first couple to be married at the Taco Bell Cantina in Las Vegas. The ceremony was held in June 2017. Ryckert is also an author and professional wrestling manager.
Early life and career
Ryckert graduated from Olathe East High School in 2002 and the University of Kansas in 2007.
Game Informer (2009–2014)
Ryckert joined Game Informer in 2009, becoming most known for their video content produced, as well as breaking two Guinness World Records. Upon the release of the 2010 Xbox 360 peripheral, the Microsoft Kinect, Ryckert invited American rock band Gwar to play Kinect release Dance Central. Gwar, who were scheduled to play in Minneapolis, Minnesota where Game Informer is based accepted, with Oderus Urungus and Beefcake the Mighty joining Dan Ryckert to play the game. Following the death in 2014 of Oderus Urungus, real name Dave Brockie, the original article was updated and the video reposted in a tribute, thanking them for their appearance. 2011 saw the first of Ryckert's two successful Guinness World Record attempts. Ryckert broke the record for longest fighting game marathon along with three other editors, playing the Wii title Super Smash Bros. Brawl for 30 hours of non-stop play during 474 matches.
Their second world record was set in accordance with five other Game Informer editors, with each of the six individuals setting gaming marathon records at the same time in different video game genres or franchise. Ryckert's record was in the Super Mario franchise, setting the record at 50 hours. In response to the Game Informer staff being resistant to playing games from the Mario Party franchise with him, 2012 saw Andrew W.K. visit the Game Informer office in the same vein as Gwar at Ryckert's behest, to play the new release Mario Party 9, the meeting a pun on Andrew W.K.'s song Party Hard.
Giant Bomb (2014–2020)
Following the death of co-founder and host Ryan Davis in 2013, Ryckert and fellow Game Informer staff member Jason Oestreicher joined Giant Bomb in 2014 as senior content producer and video producer, first introducing themselves on the July 1, 2014 episode of the Giant Bombcast. Succeeding what Vice described as a year of emptiness, mourning and with a gap in editorial, the magazine said that the hiring of Ryckert, Oestreicher and news editor Austin Walker together ensured that "Giant Bomb has a future."
October 2014 saw Ryckert and Jeff Gerstmann compete against each other at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom in Vallejo, California. The mock competition saw them attempting to make the most progress in Super Mario Bros. 3 on the Nintendo 3DS while riding on the theme park's Medusa steel roller coaster. Publications with articles on the video such as Polygon and The A.V. Club joined in with the joke, with Polygon saying that it was "a glorious display of video game endurance. Possibly stupidity as well. But mostly, endurance."
Metal Gear Scanlon was a Let's Play show for paid subscribers that ran from 2014 to 2017 in which Metal Gear Solid expert Ryckert guided Drew Scanlon through their first playthroughs of the Metal Gear franchise games. In a Metal Gear guide, James Davenport of PC Gamer cited Metal Gear Scanlon as their favorite method of watching start to finish playthroughs of Metal Gear Solid games.
At the end of 2016, Ryckert relocated to New York to live closer to their wife's family and starting working out of Giant Bomb's New York office, becoming a permanent fixture on the Giant Beastcast podcast.
WWE (2020–2022)
On the January 3, 2020 episode of the Giant Beastcast, Ryckert announced their departure from Giant Bomb, having accepted a position as a podcast producer for WWE.
Solo Twitch Streaming and Fire Escape Podcast (2020-present)
While working at the WWE, Ryckert began streaming video game and entertainment comedy content again solo on Twitch.. In 2021, Ryckert began a podcast alongside co-hosts Mike Mahardy of Polygon and Mary Kish of Twitch. Fire Escape is a bi-monthly video game and general comedy podcast.
Giant Bomb (2022–present)
On the June 7th, 2022 video "TheRitual.mp4", Giant Bomb announced the return of Dan Ryckert as Creative Director.
Video game appearances
Ryckert's first non-player character video games appearance was in the 2011 video game release L.A. Noire, with LA Weekly detailing the motion capture techniques and equipment used to recreate their likeness in the game. This included the lack of a traditional motion capture process, the facial markers associated with facial motion capture. Another facial motion capture technique was used for Ryckert's appearance in 2014's Infamous Second Son, an "advanced 3D scanning process." Ryckert made their voice acting debut in 2017's 2064: Read Only Memories, playing a character called Broke.
Publications
As an author, Ryckert has published six books. Two are of the fictional Air Force Gator series, inspired by action films of the 1980s. The books are described as a story of a military alligator pilot who is searching for their missing partner in the Middle East. After an altercation on Twitter between Ryckert and former Baseball player Jose Canseco, Canseco agreed to write the foreword for the sequel, Air Force Gator 2: Scales of Justice. ESPN reported that Canseco wrote the foreword under the impression, or pretending to be under the impression, that the book is a "thinly disguised metaphorical depiction of Canseco's life." Other books include Anxiety As an Ally, an autobiographical book based on Ryckert's experiences with anxiety disorders and panic attacks, and a memoir titled The Dumbest Kid in Gifted Class about their time growing up in Kansas.
In professional wrestling
A noted fan of professional wrestling, Ryckert is known for appearing on WWE pay-per-views holding video game signs based on Waluigi. Ryckert joined the PAX video game wrestling league, League of Heels, as "Dirty Dan Ryckert", a villainous heel character that uses nefarious methods to win video game matches. During their time working for the San Francisco Giant Bomb office, Ryckert carried over their character to independent professional wrestling organizations in Northern California such as All Pro Wrestling as a professional wrestling manager. After transferring to Giant Bomb's New York office, Ryckert began appearing at Battle Club Pro events in New Jersey.
Personal life
Ryckert is said to have an eccentric personality which leads to a lot of ideas that think outside the box. Former Game Informer co-workers Jeff Cork and Ben Hanson have commented on Ryckert that their time working for Game Informer was "kind of like a Make-A-Wish Foundation for Dan. Their life is ridiculous" and "You realize you need to kind of reset your own gauges onto what works and what doesn't, because I've been proven wrong time and time again. Never bet against Dan's is kind of a constant refrain." Ryckert is a fan of 1980s action films, which both lead to the creation of their Air Force Gator series and being voted as one of the 25 raddest game journalists to follow-on Twitter by Complex magazine. Complex commented on its choice of Ryckert because their posts are just as much about Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Die Hard as any given game review he's worked on. Ryckert is known to suffer from anxiety disorders and panic attacks.
Taco Bell wedding
In 2017, media outlets reported that Ryckert married Bianca Monda after winning a Taco Bell competition, the Love and Tacos contest, to become the first couple to be married at the fast-food restaurant chain's new in-house wedding chapel in its Las Vegas flagship Taco Bell Cantina. Both are said to be fans of Taco Bell, with Ryckert noted as once spending 90 dollars ordering everything off of the Taco Bell menu. Listeners of The Giant Beastcast informed Ryckert of the competition which had entrants submitting their entries via social media. Ryckert learned that they had won while in Orlando, Florida for WrestleMania 33. The competition was said to have 150 entrants and that 17,000 votes were cast to decide the top ten, with a winner being selected by a Taco Bell panel.
Ryckert met Monda in 2015 during their time in San Francisco, with Monda living in their native New Jersey, initially having a long-distance relationship, before moving together to New York. Ryckert describes Taco Bell as being one of the first conversations they had and that they "knew then that [they] were going to be a good fit.". Monda describes their life since being in a relationship with Ryckert as "so strange and exciting," and immediately agreed to entering the competition. The ceremony took place on June 25, 2017, with Taco Bell paying for the $600 wedding package. The wedding featured Taco Bell designed bouquet, garters, bow ties and a Cinnabon Delights wedding cake. Speaking after the wedding to Today, Ryckert said that despite the unique setting, "when I saw them walking down the aisle with their father – even in spite of the silly circumstances surrounding it – it was so easy to singularly focus on this genuinely important life event." A second traditional wedding ceremony took place in August 2017.
References
American critics
American men podcasters
American podcasters
Living people
Journalists from Kansas
Video game critics
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Soul Destruction" is a song by British band T'Pau, released as the third single from their 1991 third studio album The Promise. The song was written by vocalist Carol Decker and rhythm guitarist Ron Rogers. It was produced by Andy Richards.
Background
The single was released as the follow-up single to "Walk on Air", which had entered the Top 75 in the UK. "Soul Destruction" continued the group's decline and failed to enter the UK Singles Chart, the first T'Pau single not to do so since their second 1987 single "Intimate Strangers". It would be the band's final UK single release before splitting up, although Decker would later revive the T'Pau name and release the 1998 album Red. The song peaked at No. 46 on the Music Week Playlist Chart in October 1991.
In the Risk Collective of 24 March 2009, Decker was interviewed, and they mentioned the song, stating "I really like some of our less well known tracks e.g. "Soul Destruction" and "Man and Woman" from "The Promise" album."
Release
The single was issued on 7" and 12" vinyl, as well as CD and cassette, via Siren Records, whilst it was marketed/distributed by Virgin Records. It was released in the UK only.
The single release was not the same as the album version from The Promise. Instead it was a remix (simply labelled "Soul Destruction (Remix)"). This remix, along with additional production, was handled by Phil Harding and Ian Curnow. Both men were part of the successful Pete Waterman Entertainment production team.
The 7" vinyl release featured the B-side "Dirty Town", which had previously appeared on the 12" vinyl and CD version of the previous single "Walk on Air". The song was written and produced by all members of T'Pau.
The 12" vinyl release was limited edition and was released as a "Special Edition Gatefold Sleeve with Exclusive T'Pau Tour Poster". This poster was a 30x20 inch "The Promise Tour 1991" glossy poster. The release featured an extended eight-minute version of the "Soul Destruction (Remix)" track, along with the album version of the song, and the B-side "Dirty Town".
For the CD release of "Soul Destruction", the design used for the release was a special foldout digipak poster sleeve. On the single, the normal version of the "Soul Destruction (Remix)" track was included alongside "Soul Destruction (Heavy Bliss Mix)", which was an exclusive instrumental remix, and "Whenever You Need Me (Requiem Remix)", which was another exclusive over six-minute remix of the leading hit single from The Promise album. "Dirty Town" was the fourth and final track on the release.
The cassette version came with a cardboard slip case, and featured the same tracks as on the 7" vinyl; "Soul Destruction (Remix)" and "Dirty Town".
All four releases featured the same artwork of an opening of colour amongst a black background. Although a photograph of the band was not displayed on the front cover, there was one of T'Pau on the backside. The limited edition 12" vinyl release used this photograph on the front cover instead. This photograph of the group was credited to Mike Owen.
Following the song's release on The Promise album and as a single, the song also appeared on the UK four-track album promo "Whenever You Need Me - Sampler" release, along with the three other singles from the album "Whenever You Need Me", "Walk on Air" and "Only a Heartbeat". It also appeared on the Japanese promotional only Virgin 10-track CD compilation This is... Nothin' But T'Pau, which was housed in a unique Carol Decker picture sleeve with extensive photo and info booklet.
Promotion
A music video was created to promote the single.
T'Pau also appeared on the UK Saturday morning children show Gimme 5 and mimed the song, along with "Whenever You Need Me".
On "The Promise" album tour, the song would often be part of the set-list and on YouTube, a live version of the band performing the song at Cardiff on 4 October 1991 exists. This version would open with a piano and vocal section not heard in the studio recording and would include introductions of the band members.
Track listing
7" Single
"Soul Destruction (Remix)" - 3:39
"Dirty Town" - 3:59
12" Single
"Soul Destruction (Remix)" - 8:02
"Soul Destruction (Album Version)" - 3:44
"Dirty Town" - 3:59
CD Single
"Soul Destruction (Remix)" - 3:39
"Soul Destruction (Heavy Bliss Mix)" - 3:52
"Whenever You Need Me (Requiem Remix)" - 6:22
"Dirty Town" - 3:59
Cassette Single
"Soul Destruction (Remix)" - 3:39
"Dirty Town" - 3:59
Critical reception
Alex Henderson of AllMusic spoke of the song in a review of The Promise album, where they stated "Indeed, commercial, radio-minded songs like "Made of Money," "Only a Heartbeat" and "Soul Destruction" begged the question: if American listeners could accept Roxette, why not T'Pau? The Promise isn't remarkable, but it isn't a bad listen either."
Personnel
Carol Decker – lead vocals
Dean Howard – lead guitar
Ronnie Rogers – rhythm guitar
Michael Chetwood – keyboards
Paul Jackson – bass guitar
Tim Burgess – drums
Additional personnel
Producer of "Soul Destruction" – Andy Richards
Mixing on "Soul Destruction (Album Version)" – Chris Lord-Alge
Mastering on "Soul Destruction" – Bob Ludwig
Remix, additional production on "Soul Destruction (Remix)" – Phil Harding, Ian Curnow
Producer on "Dirty Town" – T'Pau
Mixing on "Dirty Town" – Chris Lord-Alge
Photography – Mike Owen
Sleeve design – Mark Millington/The Graphic Edge
References
External links
1991 singles
T'Pau (band) songs
Songs written by Carol Decker
Songs written by Ron Rogers
Falla is a Cuban village and consejo popular ("people's council", i.e. hamlet) of the municipality of Chambas, in Ciego de Ávila Province. In 2011 it had a population of about 8,789.
History
Founded in 1912 as the hacienda Nauyús y Cacarratas, owned by Pepe Planas, a man linked to Falla-Gutiérrez sugar company. After their death (shot by unknown), the Laureano Falla-Gutiérrez Association, which would extend it for the delivery of land made by the President of the Republic, Alfredo Zayas, is in charge of the hacienda. The concession of the latifundium extended the sugarcane monoculture in the area and, with it, the development of the current urban settlement.
After the Cuban Revolution, and following the creation of "people's councils" (consejos populares), the one of Falla was named Enrique Varona after Enrique Varona González, a Cuban trade union leader and socialist killed in 1920.
Geography
Located on a rural plain, southwest of Laguna de Leche (9 km far) and south of the Bay of Buena Vista (28 km from Punta San Juan), Falla spans across the state highway "Circuito Norte" and the railway. The western old settlement develops around the sugar factory, the eastern new area grows mainly to the north of the train station.
The village is 15 km from Tamarindo, 17 from Chambas, 18 from Morón, 24 from Ciro Redondo, 28 from Florencia, 41 from Ciego de Ávila and 81 from Cayo Coco. Nearest settlements are the villages El Calvario (6 km west) and Ranchuelo (7 km east).
Economy
The main economic activity is represented by the sugar industry. The sugar refinery "Enrique Varona" (Central Azucarero Enrique Varona Gonzáles), founded in 1915 as Central Adelaida, is a large complex with its own industrial railway line.
Transport
Falla is crossed in the middle the state highway "Circuito Norte" (CN). It counts a railway station on the Santa Clara-Camajuaní-Morón-Nuevitas line, with local and long-distance trains, connecting the village with Havana too. Falla station is also the terminus of 3 minor branch lines: one to Kilo 9 and Punta San Juan (Maxímo Gómez), another (closed) to Chicola (by the Laguna de Leche), and a third one (industrial) to Ciro Redondo, on the Morón-Ciego de Ávila line. This one serves the sugar refinery "Enrique Varona".
See also
Chambas Municipal Museum
Municipalities of Cuba
List of cities in Cuba
References
External links
Falla Destination Guide on trip-suggest.com
Falla Weather on weather.com
Populated places in Ciego de Ávila Province
Populated places established in 1912
Jordan Battle (born December 14, 2000) is an American football strong safety for the Alabama Crimson Tide.
Early years
Battle attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As a senior they had 27 tackles, three interceptions and a sack. They played in the 2019 Under Armour All-America Game. They originally committed to play college football at Ohio State University but changed their commitment to the University of Alabama.
College career
Battle played in 13 games and made four starts as a first-year student in 2019. They had 30 tackles, one interception and one sack. Battle returned their sophomore year in 2020 as a starter. On January 11, 2021, Battle was ejected from the National Title game for targeting.
References
External links
Alabama Crimson Tide bio
2000 births
Living people
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
American football safeties
Players of American football from Fort Lauderdale, Florida
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Florida) alumni
Georgy Sergeyevich Golitsyn () (born January 23, 1935 in Moscow) is a prominent Russian scientist in the field of Atmospheric Physics, full member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (later of Russia) since 1987, Editor-in-Chief of Izvestiya, Atmospheric and Oceanic Physics, , member of the Academia Europaea since 2000.
1990-2009 - Director of the A.M. Obukhov Institute of Atmospheric Physics, RAS, Moscow, Russia.  They are a member of the princely house of Golitsyn. Their father is the Russian writer Sergei Mikhailovich Golitsyn.
In the 1960s studied atmospheric circulation on other planets. In 1969 they predicted the small difference between nighttime and daytime temperature on Venus and its high wind velocities. They also developed a model for study of dust storms on Mars. They were also able to show that severe forest fires in Siberia in 1915 had caused global cooling.
Golitsyn is regarded by some in Russia as the author of the nuclear winter theory, which was also developed by Vladimir Alexandrov and G.I.Stenchikov and by the authors of the so-called TTAPS study. In 1982 they became aware of the work of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences on the subject and attended the TTAPS review meeting with Alexandrov and Nikolai Moiseev in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in April 1983. They applied their model of dust storms to the situation that might follow a nuclear catastrophe and reported their findings at the first Meeting of the Committee of Soviet Scientists in Defence of Peace Against the Nuclear Threat in May 1983, of which they became a vice-chairperson. In 1984 they participated in an expert group under the World Climate Research Programme to prepare the United Nations report “Climatic and other consequences of large-scale nuclear war”.
G.S. Golitsyn is the recipient of the Russian Academy of Sciences Friedmann Prize (1990) for their works on “Study of the General Circulation of Atmosphere and Convection.” In 1997 they were named Honorary Scholar of the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis. In 1996 they were awarded the Demidov Prize for their geostudies. In 2005 they were awarded Alfred Wegener Medal of the European Union of Geosciences. In 2011 they were named Honorary Fellow of the Royal Meteorological Society. Academician Golitsyn is founding member of Sigma Xi Moscow.
See also
Vladimir Alexandrov
References
External links
Brief Scientific Resumé
Brief Scientific Resumé (in Russian)
On the 70th Birthday of Academician Georgii Sergeevich Golitsyn
A.M.Obukhov Institute of Atmospheric Physics, RAS
Sigma Xi Moscow, Russia - International Partner Chapter
photo of Academician Golitsyn (on the left)
Books
Г.С. Голицын. Введение в динамику планетных атмосфер (Russian). Л.: Гидрометеоиздат, 1973.
Г.С. Голицын. Исследование конвекции с геофизическими приложениями и аналогиями (Russian). Л.: Гидрометеоиздат, 1980.
М.И. Будыко, Г.С. Голицын, Ю.А. Израэль. Климатические Катастрофы (Russian). М.: Гидрометеоиздат, 1987. In English: M.I. Budyko, G.S. Golitsyn, Y.A. Izrael. Global climatic catastrophes. Berlin; New York: Springer-Verlag, 1988.
B.M. Boubnov, G.S. Golitsyn. Convection in rotating fluids. Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1995.
Г.С. Голицын. Динамика природных процессов (Russian). М.: Физматлит, 2004.
Г.С. Голицын. Микро- и макромиры и гармония (Russian). М.: Квант, 2008
1935 births
Living people
Georgy
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Full Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Soviet physicists
20th-century Russian physicists
Demidov Prize laureates
Recipients of the Order of Honour (Russia)
Members of Academia Europaea
Bøyabreen is a glacier in the Fjærland area of Sogndal Municipality in Vestland county, Norway.
It is located inside Jostedalsbreen National Park, and it is a side branch of the large Jostedalsbreen glacier.
See also
List of glaciers in Norway
References
Glaciers of Vestland
Sogndal
Pieces of a Dream is the debut studio album of jazz fusion group Pieces of a Dream released in 1981 by Elektra Records. The album rose to no. 37 upon the Billboard Top R&B Albums chart.
Overview
The album was produced by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr. The song, "Warm Weather", reached no. 54 on the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Rachelle Barnes - backing vocals
Curtis Harmon - drums
James K. Lloyd - Fender Rhodes, piano, synthesizer
Ralph MacDonald - congas, percussion
Cedric A. Napoleon - bass, vocals
William Schilling - guitar
Tamara Scott - backing vocals
Richard Lee Steacker - guitar
Bonita Taylor - backing vocals
Barbara Walker - vocals
Dexter Wansel - synthesizer
Grover Washington, Jr. - soprano saxophone
References
1981 debut albums
Pieces of a Dream (band) albums
Albums recorded at Sigma Sound Studios
Elektra Records albums
Rhino Records albums
Summer is a 2007 single by New York City synthpop band Shy Child.
Track listing
CD
'Summer (Clean Radio Edit)'
'Murder Capital'
'Summer (South Central Remix)'
'Summer (Mark One Remix)'
'Summer (Seiji Remix)'
'Summer (Infadels Remix)'
'Summer (Album Version)'
'Summer (Radio Edit)'
7"
A 'Summer'
B 'Murder Capital'
12"
A1 'Summer (South Central's Summer Revolution Mix)'
A2 'Summer (Seiji Remix)'
B1 'Summer (Infadels Remix)'
B2 'Noise Won't Stop (Buraka Som Sistema Remix)'
Chart positions
2007 singles
Wall of Sound (record label) singles
2007 songs
Juhani Aaltonen (born December 12, 1935) is a Finnish jazz saxophonist and flautist.
Born in Kouvola, Finland, they studied at Sibelius Academy and Berklee College of Music. They began playing professionally at the end of the 1950s. They played in a sextet led by Heikki Rosendahl during that time, and then studied flute performance at the Sibelius Academy and in the U.S. at the Berklee College of Music. Moving back to Finland, they settled in Helsinki and began working both as a session musician and with fusion groups. Later in the 1960s they formed a duo with Edward Vesala, as well as in the group Eero Koivistoinen for four years. They played with Tasavallan Presidentti in their earlier days, including for their first, eponymous, album. They recorded with Thad Jones and Mel Lewis and with Heikki Sarmanto in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and their first album as a soloist, Etiquette, was released in 1974.
In 1975, they became a member of the New Music Orchestra, and worked with the Nordic All Stars, Arild Andersen, and Peter Brötzmann later in the 1970s. The 1980s saw them working with the UFO Big Band, Jan Garbarek, Charlie Mariano, and others. They were granted a 15-year state grant from Finland in the mid-1980s. In 1983 they rejoined Tasavallan Presidentti, and has recorded and toured with them since. They were featured in a profile on composer Graham Collier in the 1985 Channel 4 documentary 'Hoarded Dreams' They led a touring quartet from 1990 to 1992 with Olli Ahvenlahti, Heikki Virtanen and Reino Laine. Aaltonen and Heikki Sarmanto released a duo recording, Rise, in 2001; in 2003 Aaltonen's trio album Mother Tongue won a Jazz-Emma in Finland. Aaltonen continues to teach at the annual Nilsiä Music Camp.
Discography
Etiquette, 1974
Strings, 1976, with Henrik Otto Donner
Springbird, 1979
Prana. Live at Groovy, 1982
Déjà Vu, 2000, with Art Farmer, Heikki Sarmanto, Pekka Sarmanto, Jukka-Pekka Uotila and Tapio Aaltonen
Rise, 2001, with Heikki Sarmanto
Mother Tongue, 2003, with Ulf Krokfors with Tom Nekljudow
Strings Revisited, 2003, with Reggie Workman, Andrew Cyrille and the Avanti! Chamber Orchestra
Suhka, 2003, with Jone Takamäki, Tane Kannisto, Verneri Pohjola, Patrik Latvala, Seppo Kantonen, Jarmo Savolainen, Pekka Nylund, Antti Hytti, Ulf Krokfors, Tom Nekljudow, and Stefan Paavola
Reflections, 2004, with Reggie Workman and Andrew Cyrille
Wonders Never Cease, 2005, with Mikko Iivanainen and Klaus Suonsaari
Illusion of a Ballad, 2006, with Ulf Krokfors and Tom Nekljudow
The Sky is Ruby,2007, UMO Jazz Orchestra with Raoul Björkenheim and Iro Haarla
Conclusions, 2009, with Iro Haarla, Ulf Krokfors, and Reino Laine
As sideman
With Arild Andersen
Shimri (ECM, 1976)
Green Shading into Blue (ECM, 1978)
With Graham Collier
Hoarded Dreams (Cuneiform, 1983 [2007])
With Edward Vesala
Nan Madol (JAPO, 1974)
Satu (ECM, 1977)
See also
Finnish jazz musicians
Music of Finland
References
External links
Official website
Jazz Finland
[ Juhani Aaltonen] at AllMusic
Finnish jazz musicians
Jazz saxophonists
Jazz flautists
1935 births
Living people
People from Kouvola
Finnish jazz composers
Berklee College of Music alumni
Finnish flautists
21st-century saxophonists
Finnish expatriates in the United States
Sibelius Academy alumni
Kenneth Herbert Ashley (1885-1969) was an English poet and novelist. They were born to Herbert and Mary Ashley in Mansfield Woodhouse in 1885, the third of three sons, and married Bertha Raithby (1888-1981) in 1917 in Mansfield. Their publications include a book of poetry entitled "Up Hill and Down Dale" (1924), and the novels "Creighton the Admirable" (1926) and "Death of a Curate" (1932). In addition their poems were published in The London Mercury, The Spectator, The Athenaeum and various anthologies. Their poem "Rudkin" was selected by Leonard Strong as one of the best poems of 1923.
References
1885 births
1967 deaths
English male poets
20th-century English male writers
MUW may refer to:
Mississippi University for Women, Columbus, Mississippi
Medical University of Vienna (German: Medizinische Universität Wien), Vienna, Austria
Make-up Water
Emamqoli (, also Romanized as Emāmqolī and Imām Quli) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 689, in 201 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Shri Nehru Maha Vidyalaya College of Arts & Science is located in the city of Coimbatore, India.
Principal name : Mehlam
History
The Coimbatore Welfare Association, CWA, a voluntary organization committed to the cause of social service with a thrust on education started the Shri Nehru Vidyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School (SNVMHSS) in 1964. On its Silver Jubilee in 1989, the organization started the SNMV College Of Arts & Science (SNMV). CWA serves the cause of education starting from Kindergarten to PG and research level under a single management. It is accredited with "A" grade by NAAC
Location
The college was built on which is in Malumichampatti off Coimbatore Pollachi Highway(NH-209).
Courses offered
All the courses are affiliated to Bharathiar University.
b.com pa
Clubs and other activities
NCC Airwing
Youth red cross
Yoga academy
External links
SNMV Arts and Science College Coimbatore, Commerce College - Shri Nehru Maha Vidyalaya College of Arts and Science, Educational Institution, Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, India
Universities and colleges in Coimbatore
Arts colleges in India
Monuments and memorials to Jawaharlal Nehru
Educational institutions established in 1989
1989 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Ridge Munsy (born 9 July 1989) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Hansa Rostock.  They are of Congolese descent.
Career
Munsy played for FC Luzern's senior side during the second half of the 2007 season, making seven league appearances before returning to the youth side. They transferred to Lausanne-Sport in July 2010. In 2011, they were transferred to SC Kriens, playing at the club for four years.
In January 2015, Munsy moved to Swiss Super League side FC Thun.
Career statistics
References
External links
Career history at ASF
Profile and career history at Swiss Football League
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Kinshasa
Association football forwards
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
FC Luzern players
FC Lausanne-Sport players
Yverdon-Sport FC players
SC Kriens players
FC Thun players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
Erzurumspor footballers
Würzburger Kickers players
FC Hansa Rostock players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
2. Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
The Flores–Lembata languages are a group of related Austronesian languages (geographically Central–Eastern Malayo-Polynesian languages) spoken in the Lesser Sundas, on Easter Flores and small islands immediately east of Flores. They are suspected of having a non-Austronesian substratum, with extreme morphological simplification in Sika and secondarily in Alorese, but not to a greater extent than the Central Malayo-Polynesian languages in general.
Languages
The generally accepted defined Flores–Lembata languages are:
Kedang
Sika
Lamaholot
In addition, the following is often grouped either as a dialect of Lamaholot or its own language:
Adonara
Alorese
Lamaholot is a dialect chain. Ethnologue treats ten varieties as distinct languages.
Classification
Elias (2017) proposes the following internal classification of Flores-Lembata.
Flores-Lembata
Sika-Hewa
Sika
Hewa
Kedang-Lamaholot
Kedang
Lamaholot
Central Lamaholot
Eastern-Western Lamaholot
Eastern Lamaholot
Alorese-Western Lamaholot
Alorese
Western Lamaholot
Linguistic areas are:
East Lembata: Kedan, Eastern Lamaholot
Sedentary Lembata: Eastern Lamaholot, Alorese, Western Lamaholot, Central Lamaholot
See also
Central Flores languages
References
Further reading
External links
LexiRumah (part of the Lesser Sunda linguistic databases)
Reconstructing the past through languages of the present: the Lesser Sunda Islands
Languages of Indonesia
Flores Island (Indonesia)
Solor Archipelago
Decap Attack is a 1991 platform game developed by Vic Tokai and published by Sega for the Genesis. The game is a westernized version of the 1990 Japanese Mega Drive game Magical Hat no Buttobi Tābo! Daibōken, with the art, plot, music, and level designs all being changed. Both are updates of the late 1980s games Kid Kool and Psycho Fox. The game has also been released as part of several emulated compilations.
Plot
Chuck D. Head, a headless mummy created by mad scientist Dr Frank N. Stein and their assistant Igor, is sent to defeat Max D. Cap, a demon who has returned from the Underworld with their army of monsters to conquer the surface world, splitting the skeleton-shaped cluster of islands the land is on into pieces in the process. After reforming the scattered islands to normal and defeating Max, Chuck sluggishly returns home, where Stein rewards them by transforming them into a real human.
Gameplay
The player controls a living mummy, named Chuck D. Head, through various side-scrolling levels to battle an underworld army led by Max D. Cap. Levels contain many enemies and hazards that can harm or kill Chuck, and power-ups to collect; at the end of the last level in every area, there is a boss to defeat. The player has a small number of health units, displayed as hearts, and a small number of lives. The fictional island the game takes place on, shaped like a skeleton, is split apart into many pieces. Individual levels are named after parts of the skeleton, such as Abdomainland or Armington. Some levels require the player to collect a certain item for Dr Frank N. Stein, the mad scientist who created Chuck.
Chuck resembles an ordinary mummy, except for the fact that they have no head and they have a face implanted in their torso. During the game, Chuck attacks enemies by extending their face out to hit them or by jumping on them. While jumping, players can repeatedly hit the jump button to slow down Chuck's descent. Chuck may collect a skull power-up; which will sit on their shoulders like a head and can be thrown at enemies. Like a boomerang, it will return to them no matter what it hits, or where it goes, but if Chuck gets hit by an enemy or hazard, they will lose the skull. During the game, Chuck may also collect a variety of potions, which can be collected and used at the player's leisure. The potions consist of powerups typical for the genre, such as invincibility, instantly eliminating all enemies on screen, increasing speed and jumping power, and increasing the range and power of Chuck's punch.
Differences from Magical Hat
Gameplay remains similar between the two games, albeit the graphics, characters, music and level designs have all been changed. Also, in Magical Hat, players are killed if they are hit once, while in Decap Attack, players can choose to have up to three hearts per life at the options menu before starting the game, with health upgrades found in certain levels of the game allowing players to have a maximum of five hearts (a total of ten hits) per life. Flagpoles that can restore health in Decap Attack increase lives in Magical Hat.
Comic strip
For many years, a comic strip loosely based upon Decap Attack appeared in the U.K.'s Sonic the Comic, written and drawn by Nigel Kitching (with Richard Piers Rayner co-writing some episodes, and Mike McMahon drawing a few of those) and a firm fan favourite. The strip contained a very absurdist and manic sense of humour, dealing with the daily life of Chuck, Head (the talking skull who, to Head's annoyance, gets thrown at enemies), the evil-minded Igor (who is constantly trying to kill Chuck) and the stereotypical mad scientist Professor Frank N. Stein, who is actually faking their German accent and is really a former choirboy from Cardiff.
Max D. Cap only appeared twice in the strip, in the first story and one where the characters went to Hell, and was partnered both times with their accountant, who is constantly encouraging Max to be more stereotypically evil in their mannerisms. Max is described by the Professor as being one of the evilest beings alive, as they borrowed the Professor's lawnmower and never returned it.
Reception
Sega Force praised the game's graphics, saying it was "big, bold, colourfully and beautifully animated" while criticizing the gameplay as unoriginal. Console XS said that Decap Attack is the same game as Magical Flying Hat Turbo Adventure but with gothic graphics and gory killings. They also felt the game was big and very playable. MegaTech praised the game calling it "A fun-filled platform game" and saying it's identical to Magical Flying Hat Turbo Adventure but with different sprites.
Mega placed the game at #22 in their Top Mega Drive Games of All Time.
References
1991 video games
Horror video games
Fiction about mummies
Platform games
Side-scrolling platform games
Sega video games
Sega Genesis games
Vic Tokai games
Video games developed in Japan
George Peter Michael Varah (19 October 1944 – 2 April 2007) was a British international middle-distance runner and later a Chief Probation Officer.
Biography
Varah was eldest of triplet boys born in the vicarage of Holy Trinity, Blackburn to Dr Chad Varah and their wife Susan. Their father was the local Anglican vicar, who founded the Samaritans charity in 1953. Their mother later became world president of the Mothers' Union in the 1970s.
Varah was educated at Raine's Foundation Grammar School for Boys in Stepney and at Loughborough College. They were an excellent track and field athlete, and captain of the Loughborough College athletics team. They became a member of the Great Britain athletics team in 1965, and ran the second leg in a 4 x 800m relay that broke the world record at Crystal Palace in 1966. They competed for England in the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica and the 1967 Summer Universiade (the Tokyo World Student Games). At one point, they held the British Indoor Athletics record at 800 metres.
They became Master in Charge of Athletics at Rugby School in 1968. They also worked as a volunteer tutor at Onley Borstal. After post-graduate study at Leicester University, they joined the Warwickshire Probation Service in 1973. They worked as a basic-grade Probation Officer, then ran Community Service in Warwickshire, and then became assistant chief of the West Midlands Probation Service. They became Chief Probation Officer in Surrey in 1988. Their rise from the lowest grade of Probation Officer to Chief Probation Officer was the fastest in the history of the Probation Service. They were the longest-serving Chief Officer in the National Probation Service when they retired in 2004, having spent 35 years working in the criminal justice system.
They also worked for many charities. They and a friend, Jim Higgins (also a probation officer), founded the Rugby Mayday Trust in Warwickshire. They also founded the independent Surrey Springboard Trust. They became chairperson of Crimestoppers in 2004. They were a trustee of Samaritans, and of Victim Support. They also served on employment tribunals from 2005.
They were appointed as a Deputy Lieutenant of Surrey, and had been nominated to serve as High Sheriff of Surrey in 2008–9.
They died of viral double pneumonia. They were survived by their wife Sally (née Rowat), their father, and a daughter and a son.
References
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/comment/obituaries/article1837119.ece
http://www.guardian.co.uk/otherlives/story/0,,2101398,00.html
1944 births
2007 deaths
Alumni of Loughborough University
People educated at Raine's Foundation School
English male middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Probation and parole officers
The Roots of Orchis were an American progressive rock band from San Francisco, California, on the Slowdance Records label. The band was active from 1997 to 2010.
Summary
Formed by in 1997 by Kris Bennett, Dan Lydersen and Justin Pinkerton. Later adding Aaron Morgan and replacing Bennett with Jackie Musick, The Roots of Orchis released five full-length albums and an EP. Their songs have been included on numerous radio and television programs and they have toured the US extensively. They have shared the stage with such bands as Tortoise (band), Michael Rother & John Frusciante, The Album Leaf, Black Mountain (band), Modest Mouse, Bright Eyes (band) and many others. Chris Labreche was added to the line up for 'The Red House In Winter' and their self-titled EP but left before 'Some Things Plural.' Mike Cancel and Katie Logan briefly replaced Jackie Musick while they were abroad. The band is currently inactive.
Discography
'Live at the 25 East E' (1998)(cassette only)
'... When The Mosquito Stung The Crocodile' (1999)(CD) Slowdance Records
'The Red House In Winter (2000)(CD/LP) Slowdance Records
'Roots of Orchis' (2002)(CD) Slowdance Records
'Some Things Plural' (2002)(CD) Slowdance Records
'Crooked Ceilings' (2004)(CD) Slowdance Records (LP) Leap Year Device Records
'Empty Lands Ahead and Behind (2010) (Digital Download Only)
Band members
Dan Lydersen
Aaron Morgan
Jackie Musick
Justin Pinkerton
Former members
Kris Bennett
Chris LaBreche
Katie Logan
Mike Cancel
Rob Dennler
References
External links
The Roots of Orchis on Facebook
The Roots of Orchis on Bandcamp
Progressive rock musical groups from California
Musical groups from San Francisco
Musical groups established in 1997
Musical groups disestablished in 2010
Augustin Aimable Dumon-Dumortier (4 December 1791 – 28 January 1852) was a Belgian industrialist, diplomat and liberal politician.
Life and career
Born at Lille, they were President of the Belgian Senate from 27 June 1848 until 28 January 1852, governor of the province of Hainaut and burgomaster of Tournai. In 1849, they were sent to the Netherlands as a special envoy to congratulate William III upon their coronation. This was 19 years after the Belgian Revolution, which had made an end to the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.
They were a chevalier de l'ordre de Leopold, and they received the Dutch grand-croix de l'ordre de la Couronne de Chêne.
Dumon-Dumortier died at Tournai in 1852.
Honours
1849: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Oak Crown.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
References
Sources
, Annuaire statistique et historique belge, Brussel - Leipzig, 1854, pp. 313-315.
Augustin Dumon-Dumortier (D)
1791 births
1852 deaths
Governors of Hainaut (province)
Belgian businesspeople
Politicians from Lille
Presidents of the Senate (Belgium)
Willis Vaughton (20 January 1911 – 17 December 2007) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town, Sheffield United, Boston United and New Brighton. They were born and died in Sheffield.
References
1911 births
2007 deaths
English footballers
Footballers from Sheffield
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
New Brighton A.F.C. players
is a railway station on the Asatō Line in Tōyō, Aki District, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the third sector Asa Kaigan Railway and bears the station number "TK30". DMV commenced operation from 2021, so this station has become a signal station at which passengers don't get on and off. The DMV stops at the bus terminal near this station.
Lines
The station is the southern terminus of the Asatō Line and is located 8.5 km from the beginning of the line at . Only DMV stop in front of the station.
Layout
The station consisted of a side platform serving an elevated track. With the DMV service, the platform is not open to the public anymore, but it is possible to observe the mode change of the DMV at the Plattform entrance.
A station building on ground level houses a waiting room and a shop run by the which sells tickets as a kan'itaku agent. Bicycle and car parking facilities are available and bike rentals are offered. Access to the platform is by means of a flight of steps next to the station building.
Asa Seaside Railway will be operating on the Asato Line by dual-mode vehicles for the first time in the world. The DMV runs to and from this station as trains or to and from this station as buses. The changeover facilities for DMV operation were constructed in 2020.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on 26 March 1992 by the third sector Asa Kaigan Railway as the southern terminus of the three station Asatō Line.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 40 passengers daily.
Bus terminal
DMV
Asa Seaside Railway
For Awa-Kainan Bunkamura via Asato Line
For Umi no Eki Toyo・Michi no Eki Shishikui Onsen
For Cape Muroto (Only on holidays)
Route buses
Tokushima Bus Nambu
For Kannoura guchi・Shishikui Station・Kaifu Station・Awa-Kainan Station・Asakawa Station・Sabase Station・Mugi Station
Kochi Tobu Kotsu
This route is a bustitution of Asa Line.
Expressway buses
Kannoura bus stop
This bus stop is located near Kannoura Junior highschool and Kannoura guchi bus stop.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Asa Kaigan Railway Official website
Railway stations in Kōchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1992
