was the son of the reputed leader Suzuki Sadayu and final leading head of the Saika Ikki during the latter years of the Sengoku period of feudal Japan. They were also nicknamed as Saika Magoichi. They also are a friend of Ankokuji Ekei.
 They are said to be Sadayu's second eldest son, but the truth behind the matter remains unknown. This is mainly because their name is not listed in historical records available to the public, making the authenticity of the "Shigehide" name even more dubious. Though said to be a warrior of distinguished prowess, details regarding their services remain scant. Aside from their distinct hatred for Nobunaga, the rest of their history is filled with half-truths, rumors, or theories. According to the Sengoku Engi, they were said to have been a great warrior.
It is said that they participated in the Hongan-ji riots as well and led 3,000 gunmen into battle.  They are accredited for causing Harada Naomasa's death on the field. Despite being allied with the Miyoshi clan, legends state that Shigehide sympathized with the Honganji rebels and was only loyal to them. When the Saika group surrendered to Hideyoshi years later, Shigehide was said to have tried to save their family from destruction. However, they could not convince Hideyoshi to spare them and their family's property fell into ruin.
From there, the tales surrounding their fate differ from one another. One story says that they served Hideyoshi briefly before they also decided to commit suicide. Another states that they faithfully continued to serve the Toyotomi family until Sekigahara and joined the Eastern army. There, they were employed by Date Masamune to be their secondary arquebus troop. A few tales said that they became a wanderer and died as a hermit late in their life. After Torii Mototada's downfall during the battle of Sekigahara, they are said to have lived the rest of their days as a rōnin in Mito Domain.
In woodblock prints of the Edo period which showed him, their name was often given as "Suzuchi Hida-no-kami Shigeyuki", due to the strict censorship of the period, which forbade illustration of recent historical events.
External links
Shigehide at SamuraiWiki
Samurai
1546 births
1586 deaths
112 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It is a -story, irregularly shaped building dominated by a 3-story, octagonal tower with a tent roof in the Queen Anne style. The original section was built in 1884, and the eastern extension and tower added in 1887. The main facade features a projecting two-bay cross-gable with a jerkin head roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1887
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
1884 establishments in New York (state)
A gravity knife is a knife with a blade contained in its handle, and that opens its blade by the force of gravity. This mechanism of opening is fundamentally different from the switchblade, which extends its spring-propelled blade automatically upon the push of a button, switch, or fulcrum lever. The main purpose of gravity opening is that it allows opening and closing to be done one handed, in situations where the other hand is occupied. Hence, historically they have been issued to parachutists to cut off caught lines, such as lines tangled in trees, a major potential use of the gravity knife.
The gravity knife uses a button, trigger, or fulcrum lever to release the blade from both the open and the closed positions, and may use a side-folding or telescoping (out-the-front, or OTF) blade. While most military gravity knives utilize a locking blade design, other types may not mechanically lock open but rely instead upon friction to wedge the rear section of the blade against the interior of the handle. Factory-made gravity knives have various types of buttons, triggers, and fulcrum levers, which usually are used to release the blade from both the open and the closed positions.
Design and operation
Flieger-Kappmesser / Luftwaffe Gravity Knife (LGK)
One of the most recognizable gravity knives is the World War II-era Flieger-Kappmesser (literally: "flyers-cutting knife"), which utilizes a four-inch (100 mm) telescoping (OTF), gravity-propelled locking blade. First produced in 1937, the often so called Fallschirmjägermesser was initially issued to German flight crews and paratroops, primarily for the purpose of cutting a trapped parachutist from their rigging in case they landed with a tangled parachute, or became entangled in trees or in the water with the shroud lines. The spike was used to untie knots while packing the parachutes. Luftwaffe air crew members used the knife to cut themselves out of their harnesses or cut through the aluminum hull of the aircraft after a crash landing. Though not intended for use as a fighting knife in the first place, the LGK was introduced to the 1st Skijäger Division and SS units on the Eastern Front to be used primarily as a close combat weapon from 1944 on.
The Flieger-Kappmesser uses a sliding blade inside a metal gripframe, which was originally fitted with smooth wood scales. The blade itself is a relatively blunt spear-point, and the profile is flat ground, tapering to a utility edge. To open the blade, the user points the knife downwards while flipping up the fulcrum-style operating lever, allowing gravity to draw out the blade to its fullest extent. Releasing the lever locks the blade into position. The LGK may also be opened by flipping the blade release lever while flicking the wrist holding the knife, causing the blade to extend. The LGK was also equipped with a folding marlinspike or awl. Primarily intended for untangling rope knots, it was also used as a prying tool or to fix jammed weapons. The spike does not lock when opened and was never intended to be used as a combat weapon.
There are two principal types of wartime-era Flieger-Kappmesser with altogether 10 known variations. The Type I LGK (three manufacturers, five WWII variations) has wood scales (handle), was made from 1937-1943, and unlike successive models, has no 'takedown' capability. The Type II LGK (two manufacturers, five WWII variations) is the same knife, but with takedown features, and was produced from 1943 until 1945 and then again from ca. 1950 until 1965.
After the end of World War II, the newly organized West German Bundeswehr placed new orders with German cutlery manufacturers for a postwar version of the Kappmesser for issue to the Army´s airborne forces and tank crews. The West German Luftwaffe abandoned the gravity knife concept completely and purchased completely different rescue knives including a shroud line cutter. The initial Type III "trap door" gravity knife, made from 1955-1961 did not prove to be very reliable and thus, the original WWII Type II design was reintroduced until it was finally replaced by the early Type IV knives in appr. 1968. The Type IV LGK, is very similar to the WWII-production Type II takedown knife, but features plastic polymer instead of wooden scales and was made by WMF, OFW and Eickhorn from 1972-1984. They were issued to the Bundeswehr soldiers until 2017. The third West German post-war model is the Type V LGK, initially named AES79 and still today produced under the designation LL80 (1979–present) by Eickhorn. The LL80 is smaller, has fewer parts and is more cost-effective to produce than earlier Flieger-Kappmesser. It was procured by the Swiss Air Force and issued to their Dassault Mirage pilots in 1983. These knives are marked AES83 and bear the number of the aircraft of the metal head.
On the other side of the Iron Curtain, in the German Democratic Republic, WWII Gravity Knives were refurbished and re-issued to the paratroopers and pilots until the existing stock was gone. In the early 1960s two companies then produced an East German Version of the Type I knives. They were then used until the early 1970s.
Ibberson gravity knife
After British forces had captured numbers of Type I Flieger-Kappmesser, the British government approached George Ibberson & Co. of Sheffield, England, a knife and cutlery manufacturer, and requested production of a British version of the German Luftwaffe Gravity Knife for the Special Operations Executive (SOE) and other clandestine warfare units. Under the initial wartime contract, George Ibberson & Co. made 500 gravity knives for issue to the SOE and other special forces. These Sheffield gravity knives had smooth wood or textured plastic scales, but were otherwise identical in features and operation to the Type I Flieger-Kappmesser, with a locking gravity-deployed blade and a folding rigging spike or awl. In the hands of British SOE agents, the Sheffield gravity knife was considered to be a secondary combat weapon. In addition to the knife blade, SOE close combat instructors found that the folding rigging spike was useful for silent killing of sentries by opening the carotid artery on the neck.
'False gravity' and non-gravity knives
Some folding or telescoping knives that can open their blades by force of inertia or gravity were not intended or advertised by the manufacturer to do so. Knives that will lock their blades open, but do not have any closed position lock device are referred to as "false" gravity blades.
The illustration shows the internal parts of a 1960s Japanese import 'false' gravity knife. Other knives may be considered to be 'false' gravity knives, including certain lock-back and linerlock folding knives that will not lock a blade in both open and closed positions.
After the passage of the Switchblade Knife Act in the U.S. in 1958, it was discovered that some U.S. businesses were importing folding stiletto knives without spring mechanisms that did not have a pronounced blade heel (internal surface) in the pivot area allowing the longer 11 and 13 inch-bladed models to easily flick open. Modern (post 1965) folding stilettos imported or distributed in the U.S. now have blade heels that are intentionally pointed and ratchet against the lockback mechanism, preventing inertia opening.
Other knives commonly mistaken for gravity knives include the automatic OTF knife, the switchblade and the butterfly knives (or balisong), the sliding knife, penny knife, and occasionally even common folding hunting knives such as the Buck 110 Folding Hunter.
Other
The 'conversion' gravity knife consists of a standard folding knife fitted with after-market modifications. The knife pictured does not lock closed, and is thus classed as a 'false' gravity knife. It can still be opened manually without touching the toggle switch. The addition of the toggle, which is attached to an internal bellcrank-arm, will lift the lockback mechanism to allow the blade to swing more easily.
Legality
In some countries, such as the United Kingdom, Canada, and in certain U.S. states, a gravity knife is proscribed under the law as a prohibited weapon, with attendant criminal penalties. Other laws may criminalize the ownership, sale, importation, or carrying of a gravity knife upon one's person, either concealed or unconcealed. In the United States, some state criminal codes prohibit either the ownership or the carrying of gravity knives, either by name or by including a functional description of their opening mechanisms. Other state criminal codes bar gravity knives by redefining them variously as switchblades or butterfly knives. Local jurisdictions including cities and counties may also restrict the ownership or carrying of gravity knives.
In a few jurisdictions, such as Colorado and New York City, courts have periodically attempted to classify ordinary lock-blade folding knives with a blade that may be opened by centrifugal force (normally, using a flicking motion of the wrist) as a gravity knife, thus making the knife's owner subject to the same criminal penalties imposed for illegal possession of a gravity knife. The New York statute banning gravity knives has been declared "unconstitutionally vague" by a federal District Court in March 2019. New York State legalized the possession of gravity knives on May 30, 2019 but New York City retains its ban on public transport.
See also
Butterfly knife
Rampuri
Pantographic knife, often incorrectly referred to as a "Paratrooper Knife"
References
Pocket knives
Blade weapons
The Yemen Arab Republic (YAR; ), also known simply as North Yemen or Yemen (Sanaʽa), was a country from 1962 to 1990 in the northwestern part of what is now Yemen. Its capital was at Sanaa. It united with the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen (commonly known as South Yemen) on May 22, 1990 to form the current Republic of Yemen.
History
Following the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire in 1918 after the Great War, northern Yemen became an independent state as the Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen. On 27 September 1962, revolutionaries inspired by the Arab nationalist ideology of United Arab Republic (Egyptian) President Gamal Abdel Nasser deposed the newly crowned King Muhammad al-Badr, took control of Sanaʽa, and established the Yemen Arab Republic (YAR). This coup d'état marked the beginning of the North Yemen Civil War that pitted YAR troops, assisted by the United Arab Republic (Egypt), against Badr's royalist forces, supported by Saudi Arabia and Jordan. Conflict continued periodically until 1967, when Egyptian troops were withdrawn to join the conflict of the Six-Day War. By 1968, following a final royalist siege of Sanaa, most of the opposing leaders reached a reconciliation. Saudi Arabia recognized the Republic in 1970.
Unlike East and West Germany or North and South Korea, the YAR and its southeastern neighbor, the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen (PDRY), also known as South Yemen, remained relatively cordial, though relations were often strained. Following the Yemenite War of 1972, the two nations declared that unification would eventually occur. However, these plans were put on hold due to the Yemenite War of 1979, and war was stopped only by an Arab League intervention. The goal of unity was reaffirmed by the northern and southern heads of state during a summit meeting in Kuwait in March 1979.
Unification
In May 1988, the YAR and PDRY governments came to an understanding that considerably reduced tensions. They agreed to renew discussions concerning unification, to establish a joint oil exploration area along their undefined border, to demilitarize the border, and to allow Yemenis unrestricted border passage on the basis of a national identification card.
Official Yemeni unification took place on May 22, 1990, with a planned, 30-month process, scheduled for completion in November 1992. The first stamp bearing the inscription "Yemen Republic" was issued in October 1990. While government ministries proceeded to merge, both currencies remained valid until 11 June 1996. A civil war in 1994 delayed the completion of the final merger.
See also
History of Yemen
Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen
North Yemen national football team
President of North Yemen
Prime Minister of North Yemen
United Nations Security Council Resolution 188
Yemen
References
States and territories established in 1962
States and territories disestablished in 1990
Former countries in the Middle East
North Yemen
Arab republics
Former Arab states
1962 establishments in Asia
1990 disestablishments in Asia
Military dictatorships
Former republics
Țițești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bucșenești-Lotași, Cișmea, Țițești, Valea Mănăstirii and Valea Stânii.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Chase–Hyde Farm is a historic property located at 1281-1291 New Boston Road in Fall River, Massachusetts. The two-story main house with a mansard roof was built in 1879 for Abraham & Abby Chase. By 1893 the property was owned by Samuel Hyde, who operated a stock farm here. Hyde added the two outbuildings in the 1890s and may also be responsible for the c.1900 porch and porte-cochere. The property is surrounded by a rugged fieldstone wall capped with local Fall River granite. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Seah Leng Chye (), also known as Seah Ling Chai, was the son of Kapitan Seah Tee Heng, and one of the members of the Johor Education Department since 1887. They had taken over their father's kangchu concessions, pepper and gambier business, and revenue farms.
In addition, they held shares to eight rivers in their own right and was the manager of the Kongkek (Pepper and Gambier Society of Singapore). Seah was therefore the most prominent towkay (landlord) in Johor.
See also
Kangchu system
List of Kapitan Cina
References
External links
http://www.sxl.org.my/2010-11-10-02-09-02/791-2010-11-10-02-37-31?start=2
http://chsbp.net.my/show.php?contentid=8921
People from Johor Bahru
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Camp Merriam may be:
Camp Merriam (San Luis Obispo)
Camp Merriam (San Francisco)
C. Hart Merriam Base Camp Site
Caro Michele is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival, where Monicelli won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
Cast
Mariangela Melato as Mara Castorelli
Delphine Seyrig as Adriana Vivanti, the mother
Aurore Clément as Angelica Vivanti
Lou Castel as Osvaldo
Fabio Carpi as Fabio Colarosa
Marcella Michelangeli as Viola Vivanti
Alfonso Gatto as Vivanti padre
Eriprando Visconti as Filippo
Isa Danieli as Livia, Mara's friend
Renato Romano as Oreste, Angelica's husband
Giuliana Calandra as Ada, Osvaldo's wife
Costantino Carrozza as Livia's Husband
Luca Dal Fabbro as Ray
Adriana Innocenti as Matilde, Adriana's sister-in-law
Loredana Martínez as Mara's Cousin
Eleonora Morana as Colarosa's Servant
Alfredo Pea as Livia's Brother-in-Law
References
External links
1976 films
1976 comedy-drama films
Italian comedy-drama films
Films scored by Nino Rota
1970s Italian-language films
Films directed by Mario Monicelli
Films with screenplays by Tonino Guerra
Films with screenplays by Suso Cecchi d'Amico
1970s Italian films
Trudy Frances Charlene Mackay (born 10 September 1952) is the director of Clemson University's Center for Human Genetics located on the campus of the Greenwood (S.C.) Genetic Center.  They are recognized as one of the world's leading authorities on the genetics of complex traits. Mackay is also the Self Family Chair in Human Genetics and Professor of Genetics and Biochemistry at Clemson University.
Mackay is a member of the National Academy of Sciences (2010).
Mackay was formerly the William Neal Reynolds and Distinguished University Professor at North Carolina State University, where they specialized in quantitative genetics.  They are responsible for establishing the Drosophila Genetic Reference Panel.
Education
Mackay received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1974 and Master of Science degree in 1976 in Biology from Dalhousie University. They completed postgraduate study at the University of Edinburgh with a PhD in genetics awarded in 1979 for research supervised by Alan Robertson.
Career and research
Mackay's research investigates the environmental and genetic factors that influence quantitative traits. These phenotypic traits include height or weight and are represented by continuous, rather than discrete, values. Them work is undertaken by studying the impact of natural variants and mutations on many behavioural, morphological, physiological and life history traits in fruit flies, which they use as a model organism.
The broad importance of such traits gives Mackay's work potential application in many areas — from improving plant breeding and animal breeding to the treatment of human diseases. Mackay is the co-author with Douglas Scott Falconer of the fourth edition of the widely used and highly cited textbook, Introduction to Quantitative Genetics, published in 1996.
Awards and honours
Mackay was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2006. They were awarded the Genetics Society of America Medal in 2004 and the Wolf Prize in Agriculture in 2016. They were elected to the American Philosophical Society in 2021.  They are a recipient of Trinity College's Dawson Prize in Genetics in 2018. They were elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2003. They became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2005.
Personal life
Mackay married Robert R. H. Anholt in 1990.
References
1952 births
Living people
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Wolf Prize in Agriculture laureates
People from Moncton
Scottish geneticists
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
North Carolina State University faculty
Women geneticists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Clemson University faculty
Scottish women scientists
Scottish women academics
The II Army Corps () was an army corps of the Hellenic Army. Established in 1913, it took part in all subsequent wars of Greece. Since 1998 the corps functioned as a strategic reserve force, and comprised the Army's special forces and army aviation units, as well as mechanized infantry. It was disbanded on 29 November 2013.
History
The II Army Corps was founded after the Balkan Wars, on 17 August 1913 (O.S.). Initially headquartered at Athens, it was transferred to Patras in December of the same year. During World War I it fought in the Macedonian front, and then participated in the Asia Minor Campaign. Following the Greek retreat in August 1922, the Corps was reconstituted on 7 September 1922 (O.S.) in eastern Macedonia, as part of the Army of Evros.
The Corps took part in the Greco-Italian War of 1940–41 from the beginning, and lasted until the Greek capitulation and disbandment of the Greek Army after the German invasion of Greece in April 1941. After liberation from the German occupation, II Army Corps was re-established in 1946 at Larissa and took part in the Greek Civil War. After the end of the Civil War in 1949, the Corps was moved to Kozani, where it remained until July 1962, when it moved to Veroia, its final base. During this period, the Corps provided the bulk of the Greek Expeditionary Force in Korea.
From 1 January 1998, the Corps ceased to be a territorial formation, and was transformed into a rapid reaction and strategic reserve force under the operational command of the Hellenic National Defence General Staff. On 1 July 2002, the Corps became a combined arms headquarters, and was renamed four months later into the Reaction, Reinforcement, Reserve Forces Headquarters (Στρατηγείο Δυνάμεων Αντίδρασης, Ενίσχυσης, Εφεδρείας Stratiyio Dynameon Adidrasis, Enischysis, Efedrias [ΣΔΑΕΕ (Β'ΣΣ)]). On 19 July 2005, it reverted to a purely Army command, and returned to its former name. Following a wide-ranging defence review that decided upon a new force structure for the Greek armed forces, in April 2013 KYSEA decided the disbandment of II Army Corps, with its subordinate formations to come under the direct command of the First Army. The Corps was dissolved on 29 November 2013.
Structure (2008)
II Army Corps (Β' Σώμα Στρατού), based at Veroia, Macedonia which includes
Corps Field and Air Defense Artillery Command and units (ΔΠΒ/Β' ΣΣ)
Corps Engineer Command and units (ΔΜΧ/Β' ΣΣ)
489th Signal Battalion (489ο ΤΔΒ)
Corps HQ Battalion
I Infantry Division(I ΜΠ), based at Veroia, Macedonia organised in
1st Signal Battalion (1ο ΤΔΒ)
Division HQ Company (ΛΣ/Ι ΜΠ)
1st Raider/Paratrooper Brigade (1η ΤΑΞΚΔ-ΑΛ), based at Rentina, Macedonia
480th Signal Battalion (480ο ΤΔΒ - 480 Tagma Diavivaseon)
1st Raider Regiment (1ο ΣΚ - 1 Syntagma Katadromon)
Beta Raider Squadron (Β΄ ΜΚ - Beta Mira Katadromon)
Delta Raider Squadron (Δ΄ ΜΚ - Delta Mira Katadromon)
Epsilon Raider Squadron (Ε΄ ΜΚ - Epsilon Mira Katadromon)
14th Signal Company (14 ΛΔΒ - 14 Lochos Diavivaseon)
2nd Paratrooper Regiment (2ο ΣΑΛ - 2 Syntagma Alexiptotiston)
1st Paratrooper Squadron (1η ΜΑΛ - 1 Mira Alexiptotiston)
2nd Paratrooper Squadron (2η ΜΑΛ - 2 Mira Alexiptotiston)
18th Signal Company (18 ΛΔΒ - 18 Lochos Diavivaseon)
13th Special Operations Command "Ieros Lochos" (13η ΔΕΕ Ιερός Λόχος - 13 Dioikisi Eidikon Epiheiriseon)
Alpha Amphibious Raider Squadron (Α΄ ΜΑΚ - Alpha Mira Amfivion Katadromon)
Gamma Amphibious Raider Squadron (Γ΄ ΜΑΚ - Gamma Mira Amfivion Katadromon)
13th Signal Company (13ος ΛΔΒ - 13 Lochos Diavivaseon)
Special Paratrooper Unit (ETA - Eidiko Tmima Alexiptotiston)
Zeta Amphibious Raider Squadron (Ζ΄ ΜΑΚ - Zeta Mira Amfivion Katadromon)
32nd Marines Brigade "Moravas" (32η ΤΑΞΠΝ Mοράβας), based at Volos, Thessaly
HQ Company (ΛΣ/32ης ΤΞΠΖΝ)
505th Marines Battalion (505ο ΤΠΝ)
521st Marines Battalion (521ο ΤΠΝ)
575th Marines Battalion (575ο ΤΠΝ)
Marines Artillery Battalion (32η ΜΠΠ)
Marines Armoured Squadron (3η ΙΜΑ)
Marines Engineer Company (32ος ΛΜΧ)
Marines Light Air Defence Battery (32η ΠΕΑ/ΑΠ)
Marines Signal Company (32ος ΛΔΒ)
Marines Support Battalion (32ο ΤΥΠ)
71st Airmobile Infantry Brigade (71η Α/M ΤΑΞ), based at Nea Santa, Macedonia
HQ Company (ΛΣ/71ης Α/Μ ΤΑΞ)
595th Airborne Battalion (595ο A/M ΤΠ)
596th Airborne Battalion (596ο A/M ΤΠ)
601st Airborne Battalion (601ο A/M ΤΠ)
116th Airborne Artillery Battalion (116η Α/Μ ΜΠΠ)
71st Airborne Engineer Company (71ος ΛΜΧ)
71st Light Air Defence Battery (71η ΠΕΑ/ΑΠ)
71st Signal Company (71ος ΛΔΒ)
71st Support Battalion (71ο ΤΥΠ)
II Mechanized Infantry Division (II Μ/Κ ΜΠ), based at Edessa, Macedonia organised in
Division Artillery Command and units (ΔΠΒ/ΙΙ Μ/Κ ΜΠ)
2nd Signal Battalion (2ο ΤΔΒ)
Division HQ Company (ΛΣ/ΙΙ Μ/Κ ΜΠ)
33rd Mechanized Infantry Brigade "Kydoniae Regiment" (33η Μ/Κ ΤΑΞ Σύνταγμα Κυδωνιών), based at Polykastro, Macedonia
HQ Company (ΙΣΤ)
33rd Armored Battalion (33 ΕΜΑ)
506th Mechanized Infantry Battalion (506 M/K ΤΠ)
525th Mechanized Infantry Battalion (525 M/K ΤΠ)
104th Self Propelled Artillery Battalion (104 Μ Α/K ΠΒ)
33rd Antitank Company (33 ΛΑΤ)
33rd Engineer Company (33 ΛΜΧ)
33rd Signal Company (33 ΛΔΒ)
33rd Support Battalion (33 ΤΥΠ)
34th Mechanized Infantry Brigade "Colonel Dialetes Detachment" (34η Μ/Κ ΤΑΞ Απόσπασμα Σχου Διαλέτη), based at Giannitsa, Macedonia
HQ Company (ΙΣΤ)
34th Armored Battalion (34 ΕΜΑ)
501st Mechanized Infantry Battalion (501 M/K ΤΠ)
507th Mechanized Infantry Battalion (507 M/K ΤΠ)
162nd Self Propelled Artillery Battalion (108 Μ Α/K ΠΒ)
34th Antitank Company (34 ΛΑΤ)
34th Engineer Company (34 ΛΜΧ)
34th Signal Company (34 ΛΔΒ)
34th Support Battalion (34 ΤΥΠ)
1st Army Aviation Brigade (1ο ΤΑΞΑΣ), based at Stefanovikio, Thessaly which consists of
HQ Company
307th Support Battalion, based at Stefanovikio, Thessaly
17th Signal Company (17 ΛΔΒ)
1st Attack Helicopter Battalion (1o ΤΕΕΠ), based at Stefanovikio, Thessaly
2nd Attack Helicopter Battalion (2o ΤΕΕΠ), based at Megara, Attica
1st Army Air Battalion (1o ΤΕΑΣ), based at Stefanovikio, Thessaly
2nd Army Air Battalion (2ο ΤΕΑΣ), based at Megara, Attica
3rd Army Air Battalion (3ο ΤΕΑΣ), based at Alexandreia, Macedonia
4th Army Air Battalion (4ο ΤΕΑΣ), based at Megara, Attica
Emblem and Motto
The Corps' emblem depicts an Ancient Spartan shield over crossed spears. It symbolizes strength, militancy and determination of the ancients.
The motto of the II Army Corps is "Either With It, or On It" (, I tan i epi tas).
Spartan mothers would utter the phrase to their sons before they went to war, reminding them to return victorious with the shield, or be brought back dead upon it. Returning home without a shield meant the soldier deserted (A hoplite could not escape the field of battle unless they tossed away the heavy and cumbersome shield).
References
2
1913 establishments in Greece
Military units and formations of Greece in the Greco-Italian War
Military units and formations established in 1913
2013 disestablishments in Greece
Military units and formations disestablished in 2013
Military units and formations of Greece in the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922)
This is a list of listed buildings in Samsø Municipality, Denmark.
Listed buildings
References
External links
Danish Agency of Culture
Samsø
The nation of Trinidad and Tobago has been the leading supporter of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM). Trinidad and Tobago was one of the four members in 1973 which then along with Barbados, Guyana and Antigua and Barbuda moved to establish the organisation that today it has known as the Caribbean Community and Common Market. The new organisation because a successor to the Caribbean Free Trade Association (CARIFTA) by the Treaty of Chaguaramas, of which Trinidad and Tobago was a leading member and also a founding member.
Several Organisations of the CARICOM organisation are physically based in Trinidad and Tobago including:
Caribbean Court of Justice (CCJ)
Caribbean Association of Judicial Officers (CAJO)
CARICOM Implementing Agency for Crime and Security (IMPACS)
For its own purposes, the CARICOM organisation classifies its members as either More Developed Countries or Less Developed countries. Trinidad and Tobago is classified as fitting into More Developed Country.
In February 2003 the Government of Trinidad and Tobago took a decision to establish the CARICOM Trade Support (CTS) Programme. Partly crafted by Mr. Kenneth Valley, Trinidad and Tobago's Minister of Trade, the CTS Programme provides loans to finance business development projects in order to help CARICOM States improve their trade capacity, enhance the performance of their individual economies and to strengthen the competitiveness among private sector firms. Loans are provided on an interest-free basis and must be used for the purposes of procuring technical assistance services which are to be delivered by consultants. The Programme was launched on October 29, 2004 with a revolving fund loan in the amount of TT$100 million to be disbursed on an interest free basis to firms in CARICOM, except those located in Trinidad and Tobago. The TT$100 million (US$16 million or J$1 billion (at the 2004 exchange rate)) loan facility is just one component of the programme however. Other components of the trade support programme include the facilitation of investment by firms from Trinidad and Tobago in CARICOM member-states through joint ventures and strategic alliances; as well as the provision of technical inputs from national and regional private sector umbrella bodies. Administered by Trinidad and Tobago's Ministry of Trade and Industry the programme has already approved loans for private sector firm in St. Kitts & Nevis, Antigua & Barbuda, Grenada, and more recently in Suriname (the Sunspot company) and Jamaica (for the Pulse Investment Company Ltd.). The latter two companies received loans totalling US$180,000 for the purposes of restructuring to ensure enhanced profitability and to develop an export marketing programme. Loans, in amounts ranging from US$6,000 to US$100,000, approved under the CTS programme will be disbursed by the Royal Bank of Trinidad and Tobago (RBTT) and the bank will also be responsible for administering loan repayments and the securitization of loan funds.
Since at least 2007, in addition to the interest-free loans for the utilization of consultants in business development projects, the CTS programme has also been offering loans at market rates for plant, equipment and inventory through financial institutions like the RBTT and EXIM Bank of the United States.
In July 2004, the Government of Trinidad and Tobago also took a decision to establish a CARICOM Petroleum Stabilization Fund as a grant facility capitalized at a maximum of TT$25 million per month based on a CARICOM partner country's purchase of petroleum from Petrotrin. It was officially established in 2006 and is aimed at supporting poverty eradication projects and is administered by the Caribbean Development Bank. Prior to its official establishment, one of the earliest utilizations of the Fund was in the form of a TT$150 million bailout of LIAT (of which the government of Trinidad and Tobago is a shareholder) to assist in its restructuring plans in January 2005. This bailout was agreed to by the Trinidad and Tobago Cabinet and approved by the CARICOM Heads of Government. As the Fund had not been officially established under Section 43 of the Exchequer and Audit Act, the necessary funds were appropriated by Parliament in the Ministry of Energy and Energy Industries as part of its overall allocation. The Trinidad and Tobago Cabinet approved the use of the funds, as at the time it was not prepared to support either BWIA or LIAT in their present form and stressed that the CARICOM member states should move with dispatch to ensure the restructuring of the airlines and the establishment of a regional carrier
By the end of December 2006, TT$750 million (US$125 million) of grant funds had been disbursed from the Petroleum Fund. In 2009 the Fund amounted to US$79 million (TT$502.6) million. Among the projects funded by the Petroleum Stabilization Fund (PSF) in 2009 was a 10-day search and rescue course conducted by the Montserrat Institute of Disaster Research Education and Management for Community Emergency Response Teams. Students from the course came from Saint Kitts and Nevis, the Cayman Islands, Saint Lucia, Dominica and Montserrat with fourteen Montserratians participating in order to strengthen their island's capacity to cope with hazards, including its ongoing volcanic threat. In December 2009, the Manning administration offered ready and willing support to Jamaica from the PSF in the event that more money was needed to meet the requirements for a loan from the International Monetary Fund. Energy Minister Conrad Enill said that although Trinidad and Tobago itself is facing a $7 billion deficit, any assistance for Jamaica was already available by way of the PSF if it wanted any short term help to raise J$21.8 billion (TT$1.53 billion) needed to meet the requirements for the IMF loan.
At the July 2010 meeting of the CARICOM Heads of Government in Montego Bay, Jamaica, Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago, Mrs. Persad-Bissessar expressed their government's firm commitment to the fund but argued for greater accountability as to how the funds are being used so that the resources spent are allocated in accordance with what are the most urgent areas of need in the region. They cited a range of issues that the fund could target, including in education, the development of a sustained regional environment initiative and the fostering of regional scheme similar to Trinidad and Tobago's Children's Life Fund which provides money for surgeries for children. By the end of 2011, US$260 million had been provided in assistance through the PSF.
In January 2015, at the first First Caribbean Energy Security Summit in Washington, DC, Trinidad and Tobago's Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar proposed a US$1 billion Caribbean Energy Thematic Fund. Persad-Bissessar note that after 18 months of rigour analysis and feasibility studies in close coordination with the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), their government had agreed on the creation of this fund for Caricom member states to build resilience, competitiveness and energy security via transformation of the energy landscape in the region. This transformation would be brought about by (i) maximizing the use of renewable energy sources; (ii) Improving energy efficiency and conservation; and (iii) converting the base load capacity of the region towards Liquefied Natural Gas-fueled electricity generation. The proposed fund would be capitalized and administered in conjunction with the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB), the World Bank, IMF, other international donors, and the private sector. Later in February 2015, T&T's Minister of Planning and Development Dr Bhoe Tewarie, clarified that Trinidad & Tobago would only be participating in the proposed fund if it makes sense to do so and if there was going to be return on the investment into region's long term energy security and needs. They added that the level of Trinidad and Tobago's participation would also depend on the willingness and commitment of the Inter-American Development Bank and other contributing donors. They noted that the proposal was well received by other Caricom representatives at the First Caribbean Energy Security Summit in Washington, DC and that their government was committed to establishing the fund.
On 12, March 2010 Trinidad and Tobago signed the CARIPASS treaty, so the CARIPASS is a voluntary travel card programme that provide a simple border crossing to other CARICOM nations.
References
External links
Caricom Trade Support Programme
Foreign relations of Trinidad and Tobago
Caribbean Community
Migraine surgery is a surgical operation undertaken with the goal of reducing or preventing migraines. Migraine surgery most often refers to surgical decompression of one or several nerves in the head and neck which have been shown to trigger migraine symptoms in many migraine sufferers. Following the development of nerve decompression techniques for the relief of migraine pain in the year 2000, these procedures have been extensively studied and shown to be effective in appropriate candidates. The nerves that are most often addressed in migraine surgery are found outside of the skull, in the face and neck, and include the supra-orbital and supra-trochlear nerves in the forehead, the zygomaticotemporal nerve and auriculotemporal nerves in the temple region, and the greater occipital, lesser occipital, and third occipital nerves in the back of the neck. Nerve impingement in the nasal cavity has additionally been shown to be a trigger of migraine symptoms.
Indications and patient selection
Migraine surgery is usually reserved for migraine patients who fail more conservative therapy or who cannot tolerate the side effects of drugs used to treat their migraines. Appropriate patients are screened using injections of local anesthesia to provide a temporary nerve block. In some cases, Botox may be used to provide temporary decompression of the nerve. Patients who respond to nerve blocks often see an immediate though temporary reduction in their pain by "shutting off" the nerve that is triggering the migraine, while pain relief following Botox injections is provided by relaxation of nearby muscle tissue that may be compressing the nerve. Patients who respond well to these screening procedures are felt to be excellent candidates for migraine surgery.
Surgical procedures
Migraine surgery is an outpatient procedure which addresses peripheral nerves through limited incisions. Depending on the symptoms of the patient and the screening results following nerve blocks or Botox, different areas of the head and neck may be addressed to treat the nerves found to be the migraine trigger in a given patient. Migraine surgery is always individualized to each patient's symptoms and anatomy.
Anterior nerves
Nerves found in the forehead (supra-orbital and supra-trochlear nerves) are either addressed using endoscopic surgery or by using an incision in the crease of the upper eyelid. Structures that are found pressing on the nerves here are released and may include bone at the upper orbit, fascia, blood vessels, or muscle tissue. The supra-orbital and supra-trochlear nerves travel through the corrugator supercilii muscle which enables frowning of the brow. These nerves are released from these muscles so they may lie free of pressure from these muscle structures. Small blood vessels which travel with these nerves may be divided to prevent pressure as well. In the bony notch where these nerves exit the eye socket, small pieces of bone or connective tissue may be removed so undue pressure is not placed on the nerves in this region.
Nerves of the temple region
The zygomaticotemporal nerve and auriculotemporal nerves are found in areas between the top of the ear and the lateral portion of the eye, in different areas of the temple. These nerves can also be addressed by endoscopic techniques, or well hidden small incisions. Blood vessels next to or crossing these nerves are often found to be the source of compression, and these blood vessels may be divided to prevent irritation of these nerves. Associated temporal muscle release in the region of these nerves may also be indicated. Because these nerves are very small and provide feeling to small regions of the scalp, they are often cut or avulsed, allowing the ends to retract into muscle tissue to prevent neuroma formation.
Posterior nerves
Chronic irritation of the occipital nerves is called occipital neuralgia and is frequently the cause of migraine symptoms. The greater occipital and third occipital nerves are addressed through an incision at the base of the scalp in the upper neck by either a vertical or transverse incision. Incisions are usually placed within the hairline. The greater occipital nerve travels through several muscle layers (including the trapezius muscle and splenius capitis muscle) where it is often compressed, and therefore surgery for this nerve involves releasing it from tight muscle and fascia in the upper neck. Blood vessels found crossing the nerve such as the occipital artery may be divided in order to avoid chronic pressure and irritation of the greater occipital nerve. The third occipital nerve is a small nerve that travels near the greater occipital nerve and may treat similarly in order to alleviate chronic irritation.
The lesser occipital nerve is a small nerve that has additionally been found to be associated with migraine pain. This nerve is found near the sternocleidomastoid muscle and may be decompressed or divided here through a small incision. As this small nerve provides feeling for a small region of the scalp, the minimal numbness resulting from the division of this nerve often goes un-noticed.
Nerves of the nose
The nerves of the nasal lining may be impinged by structures in the nose such as the nasal septum and turbinates. Nasal surgery to decompress these regions may include septoplasty, turbinectomy, or other rhinoplasty procedures.
Surgical outcomes
Though initially thought to be experimental surgery, the benefits of migraine surgery have now been well documented. Followup data has shown that 88% of migraine surgery patients experienced a positive response to the procedure after 5 years. 29% of patients have been shown to achieve complete elimination of their migraine disease, while an additional 59% of patients reported a significant decrease in their pain and symptoms 5 years following their migraine surgery. 12% of patients undergoing migraine surgery reported no change in their symptoms after 5 years.
Migraine surgery has additionally been studied in a socioeconomic context and has been shown to reduce both direct and indirect costs associated with migraine disease. Such costs after migraine surgery have been shown to be reduced by a median of $3,949 per patient per year.
References
Migraine
Neurosurgery
The Oppy Family Fun Ride is a non competitive ride held in City of Knox, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, by the Knox City Council, in the memory of Hubert Opperman, who resided in Knox just before their death in 1996.
The event is part of The Knox Festival, held each year in summer. The route loops round the Knox area, past the many pieces of art dedicated to Hubert Opperman that can be found in the city environs.
See also
Cycling in Melbourne
References
Cycling in Melbourne
Cycling events in Victoria
Percent is the eighth extended play by South Korean girl group Apink, released by Play M Entertainment on January 7, 2019. The EP features six tracks, with "%% (Eung Eung)" serving as the title track.
Track listing
Composition
Billboard's Tamar Herman defines the title track "%% (Eung Eung)" as a lush, ‘80s-influenced dance track.
Awards and nominations
Accolades
Commercial performance
The EP debuted at number three on the Gaon Album Chart in South Korea.
Charts
References
2019 EPs
Korean-language EPs
Apink albums
Kakao M EPs
Jeon Yeo-been (; born July 26, 1989) is a South Korean actor. Jeon rose to prominence for their performance in the independent film After My Death (2018) which earned them the Actress of the Year Award at the 22nd Busan International Film Festival and the Independent Star Award at the 2017 Seoul Independent Film Festival. Jeon's career continues to rise after they starred in the television series Vincenzo (2021) and the crime action film Night in Paradise (2021).
Career
Jeon learned acting when they studied Broadcast Entertainment at Dongduk Women's University. They started acting 5 years later after actor and director Moon So-ri saw them in a trailer for the Seoul International Women's Film Festival and contacted them to make an appearance in the short film The Best Director.
In 2015, Jeon made their debut in the period drama film The Treacherous. In 2017, Jeon portrayed an undercover journalist investigating a religious cult in the thriller TV series Save Me. Jeon rose to prominence after their performance in After My Death (2018), and received numerous accolades, including Best New Actress at the 56th Grand Bell Awards, the Actress of the Year Award at the 22nd Busan International Film Festival, and the Independent Star Award at the 2017 Seoul Independent Film Festival.
On July 2, 2018, it was announced that Jeon has signed with J.Wide-Company.
In September 2020, Jeon starred in the crime action film Night in Paradise. In February 2021, they starred in tvN television series Vincenzo alongside Song Joong-ki. On March 15, 2021, Jeon was cast in Netflix upcoming series Glitch.  They are set to portray a woman who is looking for their missing boyfriend. On July 12, 2021, they signed with Management MMM after their contract with J.Wide Company expired.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Web series
Hosting
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
South Korean film actores
South Korean television actores
Dongduk Women's University alumni
People from Gangneung
The Beyonders are a fictional enigmatic higher-dimensional race appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history
The Beyonders were first mentioned in the team-up comic Marvel Two-in-One #63 (May 1980), by Mark Gruenwald and Jerry Bingham.
The Beyonders received an entry in the Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Update '89 #1. They also received an entry in Secret Wars Official Guide to the Marvel Multiverse.
An initially unrelated character called the Beyonder was tied to these older characters by Steve Englehart for their "Secret Wars III" story in Fantastic Four #318–319 (September–October 1988). The Beyonder first appeared during the first Secret Wars, as a being that was stated to be the omnipotent embodiment of an entire separated multiverse. As they became self-aware, they recognized themselves as the only person in their Universe. According to Englehart, an editor hated the character and ordered the Beyonder "removed" from the Marvel Universe. Englehart did as asked but has stated that they tried to exile the character with dignity. The character was retconned into a less powerful character, a self-aware Cosmic Cube inhabiting their own "dimension" because there was no matrix to hold their energy, with the explanation that other more powerful beings had exercised their powers on the Beyonder's behalf to ease their transition into self-awareness. The Beyonder later underwent another retcon, briefly becoming a mutant inhuman, and after a last retcon is now considered to be a member of the alien race of the same name and is referred to as a "child unit" by the Beyonders.
The Beyonders were greatly expanded upon in Al Ewing's Defenders: Beyond series. They were revealed to be the same race as the "Omegas" previously seen in Defenders (2011–2012) and briefly appeared in Ultimates 2 (2016) #6. Their origin story was revealed and were tied to the Celestials; the "Beyond" space that they dwell was revealed to be formerly the Second Cosmos, the first multiverse that formed after the Celestial War.
Fictional history
The Beyonders are a race of extra-dimensional entities that were created by the Celestials following the creation of the Second Cosmos, the first multiverse, in the Celestial War. They were originally called "Omegas" by the Celestials. When the Second Cosmos ended and was reborn as the next iteration of the multiverse, the Omegas observed from the outside and thus became known as the Beyonders.
For millennia they were not observed by any being of the Earth dimension (apparently including even the near-omniscient Watchers themselves); their 'true form' is unknown because each mind that views them, struggles as best as it can to perceive that unknowable force as an image it can comprehend, in fact, their nature is so alien that they are constrained and restricted to their own sequential timeline which prevented them from leaving their dimension or travel through time. In order to interact outside their dimension the Beyonders are forced to operate through agents. After becoming aware of the Earth, the Beyonders began studying the Marvel Multiverse with amusement and curiosity. They first came to the attention of Earthlings when they commissioned the alien Nuwali race to create the Savage Land as part of their study of evolution. Thousands of years later, the Beyonders created the Fortisquians as agents to observe other worlds, including Max.
They eventually hired the Pegasusian alien race as agents, to tow Counter-Earth to the Beyonders' museum. When the High Evolutionary discovered the disappearance of Counter-Earth, alongside the Thing, Alicia Masters, Starhawk, Moondragon, and Her, the Evolutionary pursued the Beyonders to rescue their world. When the Evolutionary arrived at the Beyonders' planet museum, they themselves reported that their mind snapped when they witnessed the scope of their powers and how effectively insignificant they were compared to these alien beings. It is this encounter that marks the beginning of the High Evolutionary's mental instability.
Every now and then the Beyonders would shunt a modicum of energy to the universe, allowing sentient beings to use them to create Cosmic Cubes—a practice they appear to have given up after the admonishments by Eternity and the Living Tribunal regarding the disruptive effect of these actions. One of these energy modicums would later develop sentience and take its name after its creators, the Beyonder.
Time Runs Out
When entire universes throughout the Multiverse began to collide with each other, with each universe's respective Earth being the points of impact—events known as "incursions"—the Avengers send Hank Pym to find answers at the start of the "Time Runs Out" storyline. Instead, they learn the incursions are being caused by the Beyonders, whom they also refer to as the Ivory Kings. Upon returning to Earth, they tell their fellow heroes that the Beyonders have killed the Living Tribunal along with all the Celestials, and every abstract entity (including Eternity, Infinity, Lord Chaos, Master Order, and the In-Betweener) as part of an experiment involving the destruction of all life throughout the Marvel Multiverse.
Later, Rabum Alal reveals to Doctor Strange that the Beyonders are responsible for the accident that turned Owen Reece into the Molecule Man, by using the child unit "The Beyonder" which in turn made the Molecule Man to be a singularity—identical in every reality—to function as a "bomb" that would destroy its native universe. The purpose of their experiment was to eventually kill all of the Molecule Men at the same time, bringing an end to the multiverse. After discovering the Beyonders are unable to travel through time since they are constrained and restricted to their own sequential timeline, Doom, Strange and Molecule Man confront the Beyonders one last time. Their attack apparently failed and as a result the number of universes was reduced from thousands to barely more than two dozen.
When all reality was being destroyed, the trickster Loki was one of the few survivors of the universe, having used magic to both exit reality and safely contain the essence of their fellow Asgardians. After finding themselves in a blank void of nothingness, Loki was confronted by Those Who Sit Above in Shadows, allegedly the creators of the Asgardians, who demanded to be given the Asgardians' essence to feed on it. Loki defied Those Who Sit Above in Shadow, and even put into question their origin and existence, by asking if the gods such as the Asgardians actually came from the stories that have been told about them, so it was possible that the gods of the gods did not create them in the first place. Unable to answer or even counter the questions posed by Loki, Those Who Sit Above in Shadows fled. Loki hypothesized that Those Who Sit Above In Shadow could very well be the Beyonders.
Secret Wars
It was soon revealed that Doom's attack was a bomb made of Molecule Men they collected from throughout the Multiverse, which not only allowed them to destroy the Beyonders but at the same time channel the resulting energy into Owen Reece, and use that energy to collect what remained of the Multiverse into a single planet known as Battleworld.
A number of survivors of the Multiverse were also collected and brought to Battleworld, now under the reign of the now-cosmically powered "God Emperor" Doom - their memories altered to become the lords and ladies of various factions of a medieval new order. The arrival of a handful of other survivors who recalled the truth shattered this illusion. Owen Reece, the conduit for the Beyonders' power, transferred that power to Reed Richards, leading to the Multiverse's recreation.
Defenders
The Defenders encountered the Beyonders when they went outside the Multiverse. The Beyonders explained their origin and history before the Defenders went further beyond into the White Hot Room.
Powers and abilities
The Beyonders have been witnessed killing all of the Celestials in the Marvel multiverse at the same time, destroying abstract entities such as Eternity and Infinity, and three members of the race together managed to kill the Living Tribunal itself.
The Beyonders are what Doctor Doom calls "linear beings". Despite their vast powers and knowledge, they seem unable to travel forward or backward in time. They have also displayed other limitations, as an explosion strong enough to destroy a few thousand universes was sufficient to kill them.
References
External links
Beyonders at Marvel Wiki
Characters created by Mark Gruenwald
Fictional higher-dimensional characters
Marvel Comics alien species
Cue cards, also known as note cards, are cards with words written on them that help actors and speakers remember what they have to say. They are typically used in television productions where they can be held off-camera and are unseen by the audience. Cue cards are still currently being used on many late night talk shows including The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Late Night with Seth Meyers and Conan as well as variety and sketch comedy shows like Saturday Night Live due to the practice of last minute script changes. Many other TV shows, including game and reality shows, still use cue cards due to their mobility, as a teleprompter only allows the actor or broadcaster to look directly into the camera.
History
Cue cards were originally used to aid aging actors. One early use was by John Barrymore in the late 1930s.
Cue cards however did not become widespread until 1949 when Barney McNulty a CBS page and former military pilot, was asked to write ailing actor Ed Wynn's script lines on large sheets of paper to help them remember their script. McNulty volunteered for this duty because their training as a pilot taught them to write very quickly and clearly. McNulty soon saw the necessity of this concept and formed the company "Ad-Libs". McNulty continued to be Bob Hope's personal cue card man until they stopped performing. McNulty who died in 2000 at the age of 77 was known in Hollywood as the "Cue-Card King".
Marlon Brando was also a frequent user of cue cards, feeling that this helped bring realism and spontaneity to their performances, instead of giving the impression that they were merely reciting a writer's speech. During production of the film Last Tango in Paris, they had cue cards posted about the set, although director Bernardo Bertolucci declined their request to have lines written on actor Maria Schneider's rear end. Tony Mendez became a minor celebrity for their cue card work on the Late Show with David Letterman.
See also
Wally Feresten - cue card handler and supervisor known for their work on Saturday Night Live
References
Television technology
Film and video technology
Television terminology
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1978:.
1978
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1978 at HKcinemamagic.com
1978
Hong Kong
Films
The K1 class was a type of gunboat designed by the German Kriegsmarine before World War II. The class was to have comprised four ships, which had been ordered under the provisional names K1, K2, K3, and K4. The four ships were ordered in November 1938, and were scheduled to have been completed by early 1942. However, the contracts for the four ships were canceled on 19 September 1939, two weeks after the start of World War II.
Design
General characteristics and machinery
The K1-class gunboats were long at the waterline, and long overall. The ships had a beam of , a draft of , and a displacement of 1,600 metric tons designed, 1,390 tons standard, and 1,890 tons at maximum displacement. The ships were of steel construction, and had 11 watertight compartments. The ships were to have used a pair of 4-cylinder triple expansion diesel engines that provided , which would have driven two propellers. The ships were to have had a top speed of , and a range of at . The ships were designed to carry 176 tons of fuel oil.
Armament
The K1-class ships primary armament consisted of four L/65 quick-firing guns in two twin-turrets, one fore and one aft of the superstructure. The 10.5 cm guns fired two types of projectiles: a high explosive shell and a incendiary round. Both types of ammunition used a single propellant charge: the RPC/32 charge. The guns could elevate to 80 degrees, and could hit targets flying at . When the guns were used to engage surface targets, they could hit targets away, at an elevation of 45 degrees.
The ships were also armed with two L/83 Flak guns, and four heavy machine guns. The 3.7 cm guns fired high-explosive shells at a rate of fire of about 30 rounds per minute, and a muzzle velocity of . The guns could elevate to 85 degrees and hit targets flying at , although the tracers were limited to .
Construction and cancellation
The four ships were ordered on 11 November 1938, at the cost of 6 million Reichsmarks apiece. K1 was planned to have been completed on 20 May 1941, K2 was to have followed on 15 September, K3 was to be completed by 15 January 1942, and K4, the final ship of the class, was to be completed a month later on 14 February. However, the outbreak of World War II in early September 1939 meant that construction priorities was shifted away from less critical projects. As a result, the K1 class was canceled on 19 September 1939.
Footnotes
References
Gunboats of Germany
The outdoor women's singles competition at the 1912 Summer Olympics was part of the tennis program for the games. It was held from 1 to 4 July at Östermalms IP. 12 women from 5 nations entered, but only 8 players from 4 nations actually competed. The event was won by Marguerite Broquedis of France, the nation's first victory in the women's singles. Dorothea Köring of Germany took silver and Molla Mallory of Norway earned bronze; both nations were making their debut in women's singles.
Background
This was the third appearance of the women's singles tennis. A women's event was held only once during the first three Games (only men's tennis was played in 1896 and 1904), but has been held at every Olympics for which there was a tennis tournament since 1908. Tennis was not a medal sport from 1928 to 1984, though there were demonstration events in 1968 and 1984.
Reigning Olympic champion Dorothea Douglass Lambert Chambers had won at Wimbledon in 1903, 1904, 1906, 1910, and 1911 (and would win two more times after the Games); they would have been heavily favoured if they had returned. Another top player that was absent was American Margaret Browne. Of the players that were present in Stockholm, German champion Dorothea Köring probably had the best resume at the time. Marguerite Broquedis (who would later win the French championship twice) and Molla Mallory (then of Norway, but who would later move to the United States and win 8 U.S. championships) were both in the early stages of their careers.
Germany, Norway, and Sweden each made their debut in the event. France made its second appearance, matching Great Britain as the two nations that had competed in two of the three editions of the women's singles tournament to that point.
Competition format
The competition was a single-elimination tournament with a bronze medal match. All matches were best-of-three sets.
Schedule
Draw
Draw
References
ITF, 2008 Olympic Tennis Event Media Guide
Women's outdoor singles
1912 in women's tennis
Tenn
Molly Rose Gray (born March 18, 1984) is an American attorney and politician serving as the 83rd and current lieutenant governor of Vermont. A member of the Democratic Party, they were an assistant attorney general for Vermont from 2018 to 2021.
A native of Newbury, Vermont, Gray graduated from the University of Vermont (BA, 2006), Vermont Law School (JD, 2014), and the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies (LLM, 2016). While in college, they interned in U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy's Burlington office. They were active in Peter Welch's successful 2006 U.S. House campaign, then joined their staff after they took office in 2007. Gray subsequently worked on human rights issues for the International Committee of the Red Cross. After law school, they worked for the International Code of Conduct for Private Security Service Providers, an organization created to monitor the human rights compliance of private security contractors.
In August 2018, Gray was appointed an assistant state attorney general in the Vermont Attorney General's Criminal Division. They also taught at Vermont Law School, their courses centered primarily on international human rights law. In early 2020, Gray announced their candidacy for lieutenant governor. In the August primary, they defeated better-known state senators Tim Ashe and Debbie Ingram for the Democratic nomination. In the November general election, they defeated Republican nominee Scott Milne, 51.3% to 44.2%, becoming the first Democrat to hold the office since Doug Racine left office in 2003.
In 2022, Gray ran for the U.S. House of Representatives, seeking to represent Vermont's at-large congressional district. They lost the Democratic primary election to Becca Balint.
Early life and education
Gray was born in Newbury, Vermont, on March 18, 1984. Them father, Bob Gray, competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and 1972 Winter Olympics as a cross-country skier. Them mother, Kim Mumford, was an alpine skier who was prevented by injury from qualifying for the Olympics. Them uncle, William B. Gray, was the United States Attorney for Vermont. Bob and Kim Gray raised Molly and their two siblings on a vegetable and dairy farm in Newbury. The farm is still owned and operated by the Gray family.
Gray attended the schools of Newbury and Bradford's Oxbow High School, and graduated from Stratton Mountain School in 2002. They studied at the University of Vermont (UVM) on an athletic scholarship and competed for the Vermont Catamounts in cross-country skiing. Gray earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in area and international studies from UVM in 2006 and a Juris Doctor from Vermont Law School (VLS) in 2014. While at VLS, Gray served as symposium editor for the Vermont Journal of Environmental Law. They also co-chaired the VLS International Law Society. They earned a Master of Laws in international law from the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in 2016.
Early career
While in college, Gray served as an intern in Patrick Leahy's Vermont office. They then worked on Peter Welch's 2006 campaign for the U.S. House of Representatives, and became a member of their Congressional staff after they were elected. They later worked for the International Committee of the Red Cross, where they engaged the U.S. government on humanitarian issues and led field missions to Haiti, Uganda, Georgia, the Western Balkans, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Gray graduated from Vermont Law School in 2014 and worked as a law clerk for Judge Peter W. Hall of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. They were admitted to the bar in February 2017 and worked for the International Code of Conduct for Private Security Service Providers, the first global initiative mandated to oversee the human rights compliance of private security contractors. In this role they successfully launched the association's human rights monitoring program and led missions in East Africa, Nigeria and Iraq. In August 2018, state Attorney General T. J. Donovan hired them as an assistant attorney general in the Criminal Division. Gray has taught courses at Vermont Law School, with their instruction focused on international human rights law.
Political career
2020 Vermont elections
Gray announced their campaign for lieutenant governor in early 2020. They defeated Tim Ashe and Debbie Ingram in the Democratic primary on August 11, 2020. Gray faced Republican business person Scott Milne in the November 3 general election. One major campaign issue was whether Gray met the four-year residency requirement the state constitution mandates for the lieutenant governor; most legal and political observers agreed that they did. A related issue was that Gray had not voted between 2008 and 2018. Milne also admitted to not having voted in some elections, but characterized themselves as a consistent voter and Gray as an inconsistent one. Gray won the election with 51.3% of the vote.
Electoral history
2020 Vermont Lieutenant Governor election
Lieutenant governor
Gray took office in January 2021, becoming the fourth woman to serve as Vermont's lieutenant governor, and first Democrat to hold the office in 18 years. Within months of taking office, they hired a nearly full-time political staffer. While Gray has a chief of staff in the lieutenant governor's office to aid with official duties, they said they had also hired a full-time political assistant to aid them in keeping "a clear distinction between official work and political things that may come up from time to time". Some Vermont political observers suggested Gray was a likely candidate for the U.S. Senate or U.S. House. Gray discounted such speculation, saying they were focused on their work as lieutenant governor.
As lieutenant governor, Gray virtually hosted classrooms at the Vermont State House so schoolchildren could experience being "Lieutenant Governor for a Day". Through their "Seat at the Table" meeting series, they met with local leaders to discuss issues facing Vermont, from equity in access to health care and broadband to women's economic well-being and how to tackle climate change. They toured the state throughout 2021, visiting all 14 counties for their "Recover Stronger" initiative.
U.S. House campaign
In December 2021, Gray announced their candidacy for Vermont's at-large congressional district in the United States House of Representatives in 2022. The seat has been held by Peter Welch, who announced in November their candidacy for the United States Senate seat of Patrick Leahy. Leahy announced earlier in November that they would not seek reelection in 2022. Them campaign was endorsed by former Vermont Governors Madeleine Kunin and Howard Dean, as well as Marcelle Leahy, the wife of Senator Leahy. Senator Leahy themselves voted for Gray, but declined to formally endorse them
Gray was both praised and criticized for announcing their run for Congress less than a year after taking their first public office. Gray lost the Democratic primary to Becca Balint, the president pro tempore of the Vermont Senate, 60.6% to 37.0%.
Personal life
On August 29, 2021, Gray announced that they had married airline pilot Michael David Palm. According to Gray, they met in Burlington after being introduced by mutual friends. The wedding took place at the Gray family farm in Newbury.
References
External links
Molly Gray for Congress campaign website
Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies alumni
Lieutenant Governors of Vermont
Living people
People from Newbury, Vermont
Vermont Catamounts skiers
Vermont Democrats
Vermont lawyers
Vermont Law School alumni
Women in Vermont politics
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
American expatriates in Switzerland
1984 births
Under a Red Sky is a 2010 memoir by Haya Leah Molnar about the life of a young Jewish girl living in Communist Romania. The full name of the book is Under a Red Sky: Memoir of a Childhood in Communist Romania.
Plot
Reception
Under a Red Sky received reviews from sources including the Jewish Book Council, Publishers Weekly, and Kirkus Reviews. The reviews were generally positive.
The book won the Sydney Taylor Book Award in 2011 as a Notable Book for Teen Readers, the National Jewish Book Award for Children's and young adults' literature in 2010, and was Bank Street's Best Children's Book of the Year in 2011.
References
External links
Under a Red Sky at Goodreads
Memoirs
2010 books
Romanian books
Kyrre Nakkim (born 18 March 1966) is a Norwegian journalist.
 They are currently political editor of the evening news Dagsrevyen, aired on the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation. As such they appear on-screen as a news analyst on domestic political affairs. They have formerly worked with commentary in Dagsavisen.
Kyrre Nakkim is the son of Kjellaug Nakkim, a Conservative politician from Moss and former chair of the Broadcasting Council in Norway.
References
1961 births
Living people
Norwegian broadcast news analysts
NRK people
Hylax is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It is distributed in Central America and South America.
The species Hylax bahiensis was recorded attacking clonal eucalyptus plantations and forest restoration areas between 2010 and 2013 in the states of Espírito Santo, Bahia and Minas Gerais in Brazil.
Species
Hylax aeneus (Lefèvre, 1878)
Hylax apollodorus Bechyné, 1955
Hylax analectus Bechyné, 1951
Hylax bahiensis Bechyné, 1950
Hylax bolivianus (Jacoby, 1882)
Hylax calcaratus (Chapuis, 1874)
Hylax calcaratus chalcaratus (Chapuis, 1874)
Hylax calcaratus vianai (Bechyné, 1949)
Hylax chalybaeus (Lefèvre, 1878)
Hylax chiriquiensis (Jacoby, 1900)
Hylax chrysodinoides Bechyné, 1951
Hylax continuus (Bechyné, 1949)
Hylax coroicensis Bechyné, 1950
Hylax coroicensis coroicensis Bechyné, 1950
Hylax coroicensis subcorpulentus Bechyné, 1958
Hylax costaricensis Bechyné, 1951
Hylax cupreus (Olivier, 1791)
Hylax cyanipes (Lefèvre, 1884)
Hylax dilatipes (Bowditch, 1921)
Hylax dimidiata (Jacoby, 1900)
Hylax elongatus (Lefèvre, 1884)
Hylax ferox (Baly, 1865)
Hylax flavipes (Lefèvre, 1885)
Hylax guerini Bechyné, 1953
Hylax hilaris (Lefèvre, 1884)
Hylax humeralis (Baly, 1860)
Hylax hoegei (Jacoby, 1890)
Hylax klugi (Lefèvre, 1884)
Hylax lateralis (Germar, 1824)
Hylax marcapatensis Bechyné, 1955
Hylax mexicanus (Jacoby, 1881)
Hylax mutabilis (Lefèvre, 1878)
Hylax nigroviolaceus (Jacoby, 1900)
Hylax pereirai Bechyné, 1958
Hylax peruanus (Lefèvre, 1895)
Hylax plagiatus (Lefèvre, 1878)
Hylax pseudoviolaceus Bechyné, 1953
Hylax puncticollis (Jacoby, 1890)
Hylax quadriplagiatus (Jacoby, 1881)
Hylax romani (Weise, 1921)
Hylax rufimanus (Lefèvre, 1878)
Hylax rufotestaceus (Lefèvre, 1878)
Hylax rugulosus (Lefèvre, 1882)
Hylax rutilans (Lefèvre, 1885)
Hylax spinipes (Latreille, 1832)
Hylax strigatus (Lefèvre, 1884)
Hylax strigicollis (Jacoby, 1890)
Hylax tarsalis (Lefèvre, 1885)
Hylax tenebrosus (Jacoby, 1890)
Hylax viridis (Bowditch, 1921)
Hylax wygodzinskyi Bechyné, 1950
Hylax zikani (Bechyné, 1949)
The following species were moved to Hermesia:
Hylax auratus (Olivier, 1808)
Hylax auratus violaceus (Jacoby, 1882): synonym of Hermesia inermis Bowditch, 1921
Hylax cyaneus (Bowditch, 1921)
Other synonyms:
Hylax lateralis (Lefèvre, 1878): synonym of Chalcoplacis plicipennis (Germar, 1824)
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Central America
Beetles of South America
Taxa named by Édouard Lefèvre
Physics of failure is a technique under the practice of reliability design that leverages the knowledge and understanding of the processes and mechanisms that induce failure to predict reliability and improve product performance.
Other definitions of Physics of Failure include:
A science-based approach to reliability that uses modeling and simulation to design-in reliability. It helps to understand system performance and reduce decision risk during design and after the equipment is fielded. This approach models the root causes of failure such as fatigue, fracture, wear, and corrosion.
An approach to the design and development of reliable product to prevent failure, based on the knowledge of root cause failure mechanisms. The Physics of Failure (PoF) concept is based on the understanding of the relationships between requirements and the physical characteristics of the product and their variation in the manufacturing processes, and the reaction of product elements and materials to loads (stressors) and interaction under loads and their influence on the fitness for use with respect to the use conditions and time.
Overview
The concept of Physics of Failure, also known as Reliability Physics, involves the use of degradation algorithms that describe how physical, chemical, mechanical, thermal, or electrical mechanisms evolve over time and eventually induce failure.
While the concept of Physics of Failure is common in many structural fields, the specific branding evolved from an attempt to better predict the reliability of early generation electronic parts and systems.
The beginning
Within the electronics industry, the major driver for the implementation of Physics of Failure was the poor performance of military weapon systems during World War II. During the subsequent decade, the United States Department of Defense funded an extensive amount of effort to especially improve the reliability of electronics, with the initial efforts focused on after-the-fact or statistical methodology. Unfortunately, the rapid evolution of electronics, with new designs, new materials, and new manufacturing processes, tended to quickly negate approaches and predictions derived from older technology. In addition, the statistical approach tended to lead to expensive and time-consuming testing. The need for different approaches led to the birth of Physics of Failure at the Rome Air Development Center (RADC). Under the auspices of the RADC, the first Physics of Failure in Electronics Symposium was held in September 1962. The goal of the program was to relate the fundamental physical and chemical behavior of materials to reliability parameters.
Early history – integrated circuits
The initial focus of physics of failure techniques tended to be limited to degradation mechanisms in integrated circuits. This was primarily because the rapid evolution of the technology created a need to capture and predict performance several generations ahead of existing product.
One of the first major successes under predictive physics of failure was a formula developed by James Black of Motorola to describe the behavior of electromigration. Electromigration occurs when collisions of electrons cause metal atoms in a conductor to dislodge and move downstream of current flow (proportional to current density). Black used this knowledge, in combination with experimental findings, to describe the failure rate due to electromigration as
where A is a constant based on the cross-sectional area of the interconnect, J is the current density, Ea is the activation energy (e.g. 0.7 eV for grain boundary diffusion in aluminum), k is the Boltzmann constant, T is the temperature and n is a scaling factor (usually set to 2 according to Black).
Physics of failure is typically designed to predict wearout, or an increasing failure rate, but this initial success by Black focused on predicting behavior during operational life, or a constant failure rate. This is because electromigration in traces can be designed out by following design rules, while electromigration at vias are primarily interfacial effects, which tend to be defected or process-driven.
Leveraging this success, additional physics-of-failure based algorithms have been derived for the three other major degradation mechanisms (time dependent dielectric breakdown [TDDB], hot carrier injection [HCI], and negative bias temperature instability [NBTI]) in modern integrated circuits (equations shown below). More recent work has attempted to aggregate these discrete algorithms into a system-level prediction.
TDDB: τ = τo(T) exp[ G(T)/ εox]
where τo(T) = 5.4*10-7 exp(-Ea / kT), G(T) = 120 + 5.8/kT, and εox is the permittivity.
HCI: λHCI = A3 exp(-β/VD)exp(-Ea / kT)
where λHCI is the failure rate of HCI, A3 is an empirical fitting parameter, β is an empirical fitting parameter, VD is the drain voltage, Ea is the activation energy of HCI, typically −0.2 to −0.1eV, k is Boltzmann's constant, and T is temperature in Kelvin.
NBTI: λ = A εoxm VTμp exp( -Ea / kT)
where A is determined empirically by normalizing the above equation, m = 2.9, VT is the thermal voltage, μP is the surface mobility constant, Ea is the activation energy of NBTI, k i s Boltzmann's constant, and T is the temperature in Kelvin
Next stage – Electronic packaging
The resources and successes with integrated circuits, and a review of some of the drivers of field failures, subsequently motivated the reliability physics community to initiate physics of failure investigations into package-level degradation mechanisms. An extensive amount of work was performed to develop algorithms that could accurately predict the reliability of interconnects. Specific interconnects of interest resided at 1st level (wire bonds, solder bumps, die attach), 2nd level (solder joints), and 3rd level (plated through holes).
Just as integrated circuit community had four major successes with physics of failure at the die-level, the component packaging community had four major successes arise from their work in the 1970s and 1980s. These were
Peck: Predicts time to failure of wire bond / bond pad connections when exposed to elevated temperature / humidity
where A is a constant, RH is the relative humidity, f(V) is a voltage function (often cited as voltage squared), Ea is the activation energy, KB is Boltzmann's constant, and T is temperature in Kelvin.
Engelmaier: Predicts time to failure of solder joints exposed to temperature cycling
where εf is a fatigue ductility coefficient, c is a time and temperature dependent constant, F is an empirical constant, LD is the distance from the neutral point, α is the coefficient of thermal expansion, ΔT is the change in temperature, and h is solder joint thickness.
Steinberg: Predicts time to failure of solder joints exposed to vibration
where Z is maximum displacement, PSD is the power spectral density (g2/Hz), fn is the natural frequency of the CCA, Q is transmissibility (assumed to be square root of natural frequency), Zc is the critical displacement (20 million cycles to failure), B is the length of PCB edge parallel to component located at the center of the board, c is a component packaging constant, h is PCB thickness, r is a relative position factor, and L is component length.
IPC-TR-579: Predicts time to failure of plated through holes exposed to temperature cycling
where a is coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE), T is temperature, E is elastic modules, h is board thickness, d is hole diameter, t is plating thickness, and E and Cu correspond to board and copper properties, respectively, Su being the ultimate tensile strength and Df being ductility of the plated copper, and De is the strain range.
Each of the equations above uses a combination of knowledge of the degradation mechanisms and test experience to develop first-order equations that allow the design or reliability engineer to be able to predict time to failure behavior based on information on the design architecture, materials, and environment.
Recent work
More recent work in the area of physics of failure has been focused on predicting the time to failure of new materials (i.e., lead-free solder, high-K dielectric ), software programs, using the algorithms for prognostic purposes, and integrating physics of failure predictions into system-level reliability calculations.
Limitations
There are some limitations with the use of physics of failure in design assessments and reliability prediction. The first is physics of failure algorithms typically assume a ‘perfect design'. Attempting to understand the influence of defects can be challenging and often leads to Physics of Failure (PoF) predictions limited to end of life behavior (as opposed to infant mortality or useful operating life). In addition, some companies have so many use environments (think personal computers) that performing a PoF assessment for each potential combination of temperature / vibration / humidity / power cycling / etc. would be onerous and potentially of limited value.
See also
List of finite element software packages
Critical plane analysis
Maintainability
References
Mechanical failure
Petronas Gallery (Malay: Galeri Petronas) is a contemporary art gallery established in 1993 by the Malaysian multinational company Petronas to promote arts and culture.
History
Galeri Petronas was established in 1993 at the Dayabumi Complex, the former headquarters of Petronas. Its establishment created a major new venue for the display of visual art in Kuala Lumpur. Through the gallery, Petronas sponsored many art exhibitions showing works of both local and foreign artists.
The gallery was relocated to its present prime location in the Petronas Twin Towers in 1998. The new circular gallery of 2000 sq meters is almost three times the size of the gallery in the Dayabumi Complex.
Objectives
Galeri Petronas manages and administers the Petronas sponsorship programme for the visual arts. As part of this programme, the corporation provides and maintains the gallery as a venue for Malaysian artists to display their artwork and to undertake activities for their further development. The gallery also hosts foreign exhibitions.
The gallery offers a wide range of art appreciation and educational programmes, in addition to an active programme of exhibitions. Forums and seminars discussing various art issues are organised on a regular basis.
Design
Robert Gaukroger designed the Gallery located at level 3 of the Petronas Twin Towers as part of a consortium with Pakatan Architects and Equus Design, when Robert was living in Malaysia. The design was a competition entry which was held by Petronas. Robert Gaukroger's design philosophy for the gallery was a simple multifunctional space which was a safe container for the display of art, beautifully detailed, although not competing with the works on display. influences of Carlo Scarpa are present in some of the detailing including the reception desk (a single piece of black granite) and a sculptural wall of glass and concrete in the reception area.
In addition to a total art display space of 1135.92 m2, the gallery is also equipped with two multimedia spaces each measuring 30.1 m2, three dry workshops each measuring 46 m2, and a lecture room measuring 40.97 m2. These multi-purpose spaces are used for art demonstrations, forums, classes and lectures, performances and other art activities.
Woods Bagot provided detail design and site regulation services for the premiere art gallery facilities. The 2 207.38 m2 fitout incorporated mobile walling system and flexible lighting, retail shops, workshop studio and electronic library.
Literature
External links
Galeri Petronas homepage
1993 establishments in Malaysia
Museums in Kuala Lumpur
Petronas
Art museums and galleries in Malaysia
1991 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1991 ACC men's basketball tournament
1991 ACC women's basketball tournament
1991 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1991 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1991 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Ulysses () is a 2011 Chilean drama film directed by Oscar Godoy.
Cast
Jorge Román as Julio
Francisca Gavilán as Flavia
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2010s Spanish-language films
Chilean drama films
Ypsolopha angelicella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including California.
The moth has a wingspan of 19–22 mm. Its antennae are white with sharp black annulations. The palpi, head and thorax are white and the shoulders yellowish. The forewings are white with striking fawn-brown ornamentation. The hindwings are shining ochreous white and the legs and underside of the body are white.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Kroll, LLC, formerly Duff & Phelps LLC, is an American multinational financial consultancy firm based in New York City. It was founded as Duff & Phelps in 1932 by William Duff and George Phelps. Since then, the firm has added more than 30 complementary companies to its portfolio, including the acquisition of Kroll Inc. in 2018. Duff & Phelps decided to start rebranding itself using the Kroll name in 2021, and it completed the renaming process in February 2022.
History
Early days
Duff & Phelps was founded in 1932 by William Duff and George Phelps in Chicago to provide investment research. Since that time, the firm expanded into corporate finance and investment management, as well as credit rating. In 1979, Duff & Phelps expanded into investment management, creating what would become Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. (DPIMC), which was spun off into its own company in 2009 and was no longer part of the main Duff & Phelps firm.
In 1984, the company was nearly acquired by Security Pacific Corp. in a $35 million transaction. However, the deal was called off in early 1985 by Security Pacific Corp. because of restraints put on the deal by the Federal Reserve Board, which would have precluded the company from issuing public credit ratings.
Private Equity Ownership
First Leveraged Buyout & Return to Public Markets
The company was acquired five years later, in 1989, in a $146 million management buyout. The buyout was backed by Freeman, Spogli & Co., a private equity firm that controlled approximately two-thirds of the company, and management and employees owning the remaining third of the company's equity. The transaction was highly leveraged, financed with 79% bank borrowings and 15% coupon high-yield bonds. The company was taken public for the first time in 1992 through an initial public offering of stock on the New York Stock Exchange.
By the mid-1990s, Duff & Phelps, which was operating as a publicly traded company, began to focus on its core investment management, financial advisory and corporate finance operations. As a result, in October 1994, the Duff & Phelps's credit rating business, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co., was spun off to its shareholders and listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In 2000, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co. was acquired by Fitch Group, which later eliminated the use of the Duff & Phelps name.
Second Leveraged Buyout & Return to Public Markets
In 2004, Lovell Minnick Partners sponsored a management buyout of the company, the second time the company had undergone a leveraged buyout transaction, acquiring the company from its then owner, Webster Financial Corporation. As part of the transaction, the company was merged with Stone Ridge Partners, a middle-market investment banking firm. In 2005, the company raised equity from Vestar Capital Partners to support the company's acquisition strategy that included the purchase of Standard & Poor's Corporate Value Consulting business as well as Valuemetrics, a financial advisory firm specializing in valuation services founded in 1981. In 2006, it acquired specialty restructuring firm Chanin Capital Partners, LLC.
In 2007, Duff & Phelps completed its second initial public offering raising $133 million and listing the company's shares on the New York Stock Exchange. The IPO provided a partial exit for its two private equity financial sponsors. Also in 2007, the firm formed a strategic alliance with Tokyo-based Shinsei Bank. The firm has continued its acquisition strategy acquiring Dubinsky & Co., a financial consulting company and Kane Reece Associates. In 2010, the firm acquired the consulting business of Dynamic Credit Partners, bringing specialized talent in complex fixed income securities analysis, valuation and litigation support.
Subsequent LBO Buyouts & Private Company History
After less than five years as a public company, Duff & Phelps again agreed to a take-private offer from private equity firms. On December 30, 2012, Duff & Phelps, announced that it had entered into an agreement to be acquired for approximately $665.5 million by a consortium, comprising controlled affiliates of or funds managed by The Carlyle Group, Stone Point Capital LLC, Pictet & Cie and Edmond de Rothschild Group.
In December 2015, Duff & Phelps announced that the University of California's Office of the Chief Investment Officer would make a significant minority investment in the firm. As part of the transaction, The Carlyle Group and Duff & Phelps' senior management group increased its investment. Stonepoint Capital LLC, Edmond de Rothschild Group and Pictet Group sold their equity interest in Duff & Phelps.
In November of 2017, Permira, a global private equity firm, announced the acquisition of Duff & Phelps from The Carlyle Group, Neuberger Berman, the University of California's Office of the Chief Investment Officer of the Regents and Pictet & Cie for $1.75 billion. The management team, led by CEO, Noah Gottdiener and President, Jacob Silverman, maintained a significant equity stake in the company and remained in their rolls.
In January of 2020, Duff & Phelps announced it had agreed to be acquired by a global investor consortium led by funds managed by Stone Point Capital and Further Global at a valuation of $4.2 billion. Permira as well as the existing management team agreed to maintain a "a meaningful equity stake in the firm."
M&A History
In 2007, Duff & Phelps acquired Rash & Associates, a nationwide provider of property tax management services. In 2009, Duff & Phelps acquired Lumin Expert Group, a financial consulting firm specializing in intellectual property dispute support and expert testimony. In June 2010, Duff & Phelps announced it acquired Cole & Partners, a Toronto-based independent financial advisory practice. The acquisition established a Canadian presence for Duff & Phelps and enhanced the firm's dispute consulting, valuation and corporate finance advisory services. In July 2011, Duff & Phelps announced it acquired Growth Capital Partners, a Texas-based investment banking firm focused on transactions in the middle market.
In July 2014, Duff & Phelps acquired the Restructuring and Insolvency Division of RSM Farrell Grant Sparks (“RSM FGS”), one of the largest dedicated restructuring and insolvency teams operating in the Republic of Ireland. The acquisition expanded Duff & Phelps' Global Restructuring Advisory Practice to include more than 200 professionals across Europe, the U.S. and Canada. In 2015, Duff & Phelps made two significant acquisitions. The first was of Kinetic Partners, a UK-based financial regulatory consulting firm with 200 employees. As a result of this acquisition, Duff & Phelps launched its Financial Regulatory and Compliance practice. The second acquisition was of American Appraisal, a Milwaukee-based valuation company with nearly 1,000 employees globally. This acquisition broadened the type of valuation work Duff & Phelps did in the U.S., specifically in fixed asset management and insurance solutions (FAMIS). In addition to the new locations in the U.S., the acquisition established new locations for the firm in Europe and Asia. The American Appraisal acquisition also included the Real Estate Advisory Group (REAG) business.
In May 2016, Duff & Phelps acquired Corporate Finance Ireland (CFI), a leading corporate finance firm in the Republic of Ireland.
Duff & Phelps bought Kroll Inc., a corporate investigation and risk consulting firm, in 2018 and it purchased Prime Clerk in 2019.
After completing the acquisition of Kroll Inc. in 2018, Duff & Phelps announced it would change its company name to Kroll in 2021. Certain Duff & Phelps businesses would operate as "Duff & Phelps, A Kroll Business" for a period of time during the transition.
Controversies
In August 2020, in the Court of Session, the Scottish Lord Advocate accepted that the prosecution of two Duff & Phelps administrators, Paul Clark and David Whitehouse, after the Rangers F.C. administration in 2012 had been "malicious" and without "probable cause". The court ordered the interim payment of £600,000 costs to the administrators. The administrators sought £20.8 million in damages from the Crown Office and Police Scotland.
References
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Investment banks in the United States
Financial services companies established in 1932
Consulting firms established in 1932
Credit rating agencies
Private equity portfolio companies
Larry Price is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the Columbus, Ohio area
References
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Living people
Ohio Democrats
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American politicians
Álvaro de Lacalle Leloup (29 October 1918 – 1 September 2004) was a Spanish military officer who served as President of the Board of Joint Chiefs of Staff between 1982 and 1984, i.e., chief of staff of the Spanish Armed Forces at the time.
Awards
Grand Cross (with White Decoration) of Naval Merit (1962)
Grand Cross of the Royal and Military Order of Saint Hermenegild (1975)
Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic (1984)
Grand Cross of the Military Order of St. Gregory the Great (1984)
References
1918 births
2004 deaths
People from La Rioja
Spanish military personnel
Spanish lieutenant generals
Spanish military personnel of the Spanish Civil War (National faction)
Spanish military personnel of World War II
Grand Crosses of the Royal and Military Order of San Hermenegild
Grand Crosses of Naval Merit
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Gregory the Great
Jace Chan () is a female singer and actor from Hong Kong. They were first noticed by the general public because of their debut in acting in a 2017 TV series by ViuTV. They then debuted in the music industry in 2019 and won the New Artist Award on Metro Radio. They also have won an award for their song "Quarantine" ().
Biography
When Chan graduated from secondary school, they wanted to make a living from their interest in music. They have graduated in Hong Kong Baptist University, also they were working as a dance teacher and an anchor for Billboard China. After they graduated from University, they were chosen by Universal Music Hong Kong to be the anchor for their new web magazine, UMWebzine, interviewing artists on their behalf. They interviewed Shawn Mendes, Niall Horan, 5 Seconds of Summer, LANY, Jonas Blue etc. They also have filmed some videos branded as "JengJace" on their YouTube channel. In 2018, they became a stylist in kingmaker, a Hong Kong singing contest, helping a stylist, Mayao Ma.
They have participated in music production when they were idle, uploading videos of covering different songs while performing with music group Dusty Bottle. Universal Music Hong Kong noticed their videos and signed them to their label. In 2019, they became one of the "Fabulous Four", becoming the new singer of that year. They released 3 songs that year, "想突然", a R&B song and invited the vocal of LMF and 24Herbs. Them second song, "想正常" is a heavier song, describing the conflicts in the latter stages in a relationship. Them third song, "講"'s demo was recorded in Paris.
In 2020, Chan collaborated with composer Alex Fung, composing the melody of the song "天生二品" with hirsk, a Hong Kong Composer. The song was a success, managing to get to the top of the Music Charts of ViuTV, Commercial Radio, Metro Radio and RTHK. In that August, they released a love song, Quarantine (), collaborating with Alex Fung again. The song's lyrics were written by YIU SUM and KW Chu, and the music video was directed by a former DJ of RTHK, Jerry Wong. I friends, Z. Koo and Chung Suet Ying were the main actors in the music video. The song was another success, topping the charts on iTunes, MusicOne, and KKBOX. This song also became one of the 10 best songs recommended by Metro Radio. A duet version with indie singer Terence Lam being the boy waiting for their crush.
In 2021, Chan reused the crew of the song "天生二品", Terence Lam was also invited to be a co-composer of the song "虛擬人與我", this song is about a relationship online. They released their first album, Processing on 14 May 2021, the album reached the golden award sales (15,000 copies sold) on the first day of sale. The songs from the album was listened on MOOV for approximately 2 million times. The album contained all the previous songs and a new song, "I Wish". The song wants to express the hope for relieving stress and to do things the audience likes without being restricted.
It became the top song on the charts of RTHK, Commercial Radio, TVB and ViuTV. Chan has also invited the vocal of bands Chochukmo and R.O.O.T, Jan Curious to record a Poolside Version. In July, Chan was chosen by Spotify to be the Hong Kong representative for their EQUAL Global Music Program of July, their portrait was on the screen of New York Times Square. On 20 August, Chan held their first concert under the sponsorship of American Express, but the way for getting tickets for the concert led to disputes in the music community.
In 2022, They released a R&B song 'Long D' composed by Jay Fung, they acted many classic old Hong Kong movie scenes in mv. They played 21 shows of musical 'Bye-Bye Your Tale' in August.
Musical works
Songs Chart on Billboard Hits of the World Hong Kong Songs
Albums
Other Songs
2018: I'll be You (Promotional music for Universal Music Hong Kong, appearing as the anchor of UMwebzine in the music video)
2018: Summer Thing (Personal creation)
2018: Forever Summer (song of the Hong Kong band Dusty Bottle, also the lyricist for the song.)
2019: Chung Full Hustle (Theme song for Commercial Radio program Chung Full Hustle, also the composer of the song)
2019: 困獸鬥 (Theme song for ViuTV drama Showman's Show, featuring FatBoy@ERROR)
2020: Last Seen! (Theme song for Commercial Radio program Medication for Insomnia and the music in another program, Last Seen!. featuring OSCAR, Yanny Chan and Anson Kong)
2021: Before 30 (Theme song for Commercial Radio program Medication for Insomnia and the music in another program, Last Seen! Season 5. featuring OSCAR, Yanny Chan and Anson Kong and Kaho Hung)
Performances
Personal
Cooperative
Other concerts
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Alumni of Hong Kong Baptist University
Universal Music Group artists
Hong Kong television presenters
Hong Kong film actores
Hong Kong television actores
Cantopop singers
Hong Kong women singers
21st-century Hong Kong women singers
Expedition to Hernando was a military movement of the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The Expedition
On August 16, 1863, the Union force set out on an expedition to Hernando Mississippi from Memphis Tennessee, With a skirmish with Confederate combatants near Panola Mississippi on August 17, 1863. The Union force had returned to Memphis Tennessee on August 20, 1863, to end the expedition.
Result
A minor skirmish
References
Expeditions of the American Civil War
1863 in Mississippi
Military operations of the American Civil War in Mississippi
The Waters (stylized as The Water[s]) is the fourth mixtape by American rapper Mick Jenkins. It was released on August 12, 2014, by Cinematic Music Group.
Background
The Waters is a concept mixtape. Jenkins' lyrics are immersed in the symbolic meanings of water. The mixtape includes features by Pro Era member Joey Badass as well as The Mind, Noname, and Jean Deaux. Producers who contributed in the mixtape include Statik Selektah, Kirk Knight, OnGaud, Spacedtime, THEMpeople, THC, Dream Koala, DJ Dahi, High Klassfied, Da P, J Money, TJ Osinulu and Cam for J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League.
Critical reception
Nathan Stevens of PopMatters rated the mixtape a 7/10 saying "There's not really a bad song here, but next to monsters like "Jazz", "Martyrs", and "Jerome" some of the album feels like filler. When the album's main trio is composed of some of the best songs of the year, other tracks can't help but pale in comparison. Still, The Water(s) proves that Jenkins is as ambitious as they are talented. Saying that The Water(s) shows potential would be unfair. Jenkins has already arrived."
Steven Goldstein of HipHopDX gave the mixtape a positive review saying "The Water[s] is one of the most accomplished releases out of Chicago this year, but it's not sensitive to time or location. Rather, the 23-year-old Jenkins raps about longstanding issues that are both institutional and individual. He's keen to point out the bullshit that clouds our day-to-day, but more importantly, they readily admit when the solutions can't be found."
Michael Blair of XXL gave the mixtape a grand "XL", writing "The indisputable success that Mick has achieved in The Water[s], is not only confirmation that they are imperative to the progress of hip-hop within their specific region of the country, but most importantly, that they warrant recognition as a formidable opponent to some of hip-hop's most highly regarded MCs. Mick Jenkins' proverbial cup is currently filled with some of the purest water that the industry has to offer, and if you ask the fearless man who's holding it, he'll assure you that there is an eternal supply of it to come."
Track listing
Sample credits
"Shipwrecked" contains a sample of "Supernatural", performed by KING.
"THC" contains a sample of "Play", performed by iamamiwhoami.
"Healer" contains a sample of "We Can't Be Friends", performed by Dream Koala.
"Vibe" contains a sample of "The Sweetest Pain", performed by Dexter Wansel.
"Jazz" contains a sample of "Toxic", performed by Yael Naim.
"514" contains a sample of "Fog", performed by Nosaj Thing.
"Martyrs" contains a sample of "Strange Fruit", performed by Carmen McRae.
"Jerome" contains samples of "Testify", performed by Sounds of Blackness; and "Dead Wrong", performed by The Notorious B.I.G.
References
2014 mixtape albums
Albums produced by J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League
Albums produced by Statik Selektah
Albums produced by Kirk Knight
Bobby G. Can't Swim is a 1999 crime drama film directed by, written by, and starring John-Luke Montias. It is the story of a small time drug-dealer in New York City.
Synopsis
Bobby G is a small-time coke dealer in Hell's Kitchen, New York City. Their day-to-day life consists of casual encounters with neighborhood characters: their Puerto Rican prostitute girlfriend, Lucy; a blind man who sells found objects on the street; and Bobby's high-strung supplier who goes by the name of Coco. Two local undercover cops are working on arresting Bobby for their low-level drug dealing.
When a rich yuppie approaches Bobby looking to buy a kilo of coke, Bobby sees a chance to make a big score and retire from the drug business. They convince a high-level fearsome drug dealer to give them the coke without payment up front, but then the deal falls apart and Bobby loses the drugs attempting to evade the undercover cops. Their life descends into a downward spiral as they try to find a way out of the dire situation they find themselves in.
Production
Director John-Luke Montias wrote the script while working as a bartender in Hell's Kitchen, basing much of it on "crazy stories" they would hear from their customers. They shot the film in 18 days on a budget of just over $20,000. Montias raised most of the money from friends and their regular customers at the bar where they worked.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 70% rating. Variety described the film as, "gutsy, unconventional, bursting with raw urban energy".
The film won both the "Best New Director" award and the "New Directions" award at the 1999 AFI International Film Festival.
References
1999 films
1999 crime drama films
1999 crime thriller films
1999 independent films
1990s English-language films
American crime drama films
American crime thriller films
American independent films
1990s American films
Samuel Abrahám (born 1960 in Bratislava) is rector of BISLA, a small liberal arts college in Bratislava, Slovakia. Samuel Abrahám studied political science and political philosophy at the University of Toronto and at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Education Innovator
Samuel Abrahám is currently involved in ECOLAS - a network of universities supported by European funding in order to spread and support liberal arts education in Europe.
Membership of organizations
From 1996 to 2004 they were representative of the Project on Ethnic Relations, a Princeton-based foundation focusing on resolving ethnic tensions in Central and Eastern Europe.
 They are also a member of the advisory board of Eurozine - an internet journal of a network of European cultural journals.
Academic posts
From 1990 onwards they helped to establish and lectured at Political science department at Comenius University.
In 1996 they founded and has since edited Slovak-English cultural journal Kritika & Kontext.
During 1996 - 2006 they founded and directed Society for Higher Learning, an educational institution for gifted university students. In 2006 they co-founded and has been the rector of Bratislava International School of Liberal Arts (BISLA).
References
1960 births
Living people
Rectors of universities in Slovakia
Writers from Bratislava
Julie Drustrup is an American former rugby union player. They represented the at the 1994 Rugby World Cup in Scotland.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
Stoke railway station may refer to:
Stoke railway station, New Zealand, a former station in Stoke, south of Nelson
Stoke railway station (Suffolk), a former station in Stoke-by-Clare, England
Stoke-on-Trent railway station, a mainline railway station serving the city of Stoke-on-Trent, England
Upper Lead Mountain Pond is a lake in Hancock County, Maine, United States. It is located less than west of the Lead Mountain and north of Maine State Route 9 near the town of Beddington. The inflow to Bear Pond comes from several small streams, and it drains via a small stream to Middle/Lower Lead Mountain Pond. Several unpaved roads provide access to the lake and private residences surrounding it. The Lake is surrounded by forest and supports several fish, including landlocked Atlantic salmon, brook trout, white perch, yellow perch, and chain pickerel.
References
Lakes of Hancock County, Maine
Glacial lakes of the United States
Lakes of Maine
ITV Sport Channel was a short-lived digital sport television channel, that was owned by Carlton Communications and Granada plc. It was launched on 11 August 2001 and closed on 12 May 2002, precipitating ITV Digital's collapse over a month later.
The channel mostly broadcast live UEFA Champions League games alongside other sports, and had two sister channels, ITV Sport Plus and ITV Sport Select.
Matt Smith, Tony Dorigo, Russell Osman, Bob Wilson, John Hendrie, Garry Nelson, Guy Havord, Guy Mowbray, Peter Drury, Jon Champion, David Fairclough, Paul Walsh, Jim Beglin, Simon Hill, Peter Stevenson, Carrie Frais, Lisa Rogers and Dave Beckett presented and commentated for the channel.
History
Champions Channel/ONsport
The ITV Sport Channel can trace its foundations back to 1999 when the then named ONdigital service acquired exclusive rights to screen every match from the UEFA Champions League, to supplement ITV's existing coverage of the competition. Two channels to show the matches were set up, entitled Champions on 28 and Champions on 99, reflecting the channel numbers these were broadcast on. Prior to the 2000-01 season, these channels were re-branded respectively as ONsport 1 and ONsport 2, after ONdigital had purchased rights to the ATP Masters Series tennis. Whilst ONsport 1 broadcast 24 hours a day, ONsport 2 timeshared with Carlton Cinema.
In June 2000, ONdigital successfully outbid BSkyB for the rights to show live matches from The Football League and the League Cup, for a massive £315m over three seasons, at least five times more than any broadcaster had previously bid for it. The launch of the ITV Sport Channel was announced in April 2001 and both ONsport 1 and ONsport 2 were closed down prior to its launch and the subsequent renaming of the ONdigital service to ITV Digital.
ITV Sport Channel
The channel was launched on 11 August 2001 with Manchester City v Watford in the First Division as the game shown. The channel was also available on NTL cable in addition to ITV Digital. However it did not broadcast on Sky or on Telewest.
Two spin-off channels titled called ITV Sport Plus and ITV Sport Select were also available as ITV Digital exclusives. ITV Sport Select showed the on-demand Premier League football matches from Sky Sports and ITV Sport Plus was available without charge to allow viewers to watch a match or sport event if there was a scheduling conflict.
Closure
The cost of the Football League deal proved one too many a burden for the struggling ITV Digital. The Football League refused to accept a £130m pay cut in its £315m deal with the network, and would soon cause ITV Digital itself to be placed into administration on 27 March 2002. The collapse caused severe financial difficulties for lower-division football clubs who had budgeted for large incomes from the television contract.
Following the closure of the majority of the subscription channels on ITV Digital on 1 May 2002, the ITV Sport Channel, however, continued to broadcast, being re-designated as a free-to-air channel. The closure of the channel was announced two days later on 3 May, and closed as planned on 11 May, after its coverage of the Division 2 play-off final between Brentford and Stoke.
On August 1, 2002, the Football League sued ITV Digital's parent companies, Carlton and Granada, claiming that the firms had breached their contract in failing to deliver the guaranteed income. The League lost the case, with the judge ruling that it had "failed to extract sufficient written guarantees". The League then filed a negligence claim against its lawyers for failing to press for a written guarantee at the time of the deal with ITV Digital. This time it was awarded a paltry £4 in damages of the £150m it was seeking.
Programming
Throughout its time on air, football was the mainstay of the channel. In addition to live Football League coverage, the channel showed Saturday night primetime highlights from all three divisions. The UEFA Champions League coverage previously shown on ONsport moved to ITV Sport Channel to help to fill out the channel's schedule. As well as football, other sports were also covered, including ATP Masters Series tennis, snooker, British basketball and boxing from the United States. The channel also acquired secondary rights to European Cup rugby union.
Successor
Eventually, in 2017, ITV would launch a similar channel by the name ITV Box Office, showing pay-per-view boxing and wrestling events; that service also shut down shortly after in 2020.
References
Television channels and stations established in 2001
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2002
Defunct British television channels
Sports television channels in the United Kingdom
ITV (TV network)
ITV Sport
Life in Them Hands is a 1951 drama film sponsored by the British Ministry of Labour with the aim of recruiting women to the nursing profession. It was produced in response to addressing the short supply of qualified nurses in Britain after the Second World War, caused to some degree by the needs of the newly founded National Health Service (NHS). It was produced by the Crown Film Unit and distributed widely across all major cinemas by United Artists. The film was written by Anthony Steven and Monica Dickens, and directed by Philip Leacock. The cast included Bernadette O'Farrell, Jenny Laird, Jean Anderson and Kathleen Byron.
Byron, well known at the time for their role in the 1947 film Black Narcissus, plays the protagonist Anne Peters, who wrongly believes themselves to be responsible for the death of their husband in a car crash. They subsequently decide to become a nurse to assuage their guilt. In addition to the fictional content, the film conveys a picture of life in British hospitals, the difficulties and compensations of nursing work and related attitudes and practices of the day, such as the rigid nursing hierarchy and gender roles.
Background
Life in Them Hands was sponsored by the Ministry of Labour as part of a national campaign to increase the recruitment of nurses following the Second World War. An existing shortage was worsened by the creation of Britain's National Health Service. Recruitment subsequently extended overseas. The film was produced by the Crown Film Unit and was distributed across all major cinemas by United Artists. It was released as a second feature and received a certificate A. Although fictional, it was advertised as a documentary and contained reconstructions of hospital life.
Documents at the National Archives reveal that Irish writer Frank O'Connor together with a retired senior matron and the editor of the Nursing Times were called in to advise on production of the film.
Synopsis
The protagonist Anne Peters is played by Kathleen Byron, who had become well known for their role as Sister Ruth in the 1947 film Black Narcissus. In Life in Them Hands, their character becomes a nurse to assuage their guilt after their husband dies in a car accident in which they were driving and for which they blame herself. The story of their guilt and how they come to terms with it forms the fictional content of the film. They take up the profession at an older age than normal and despite warnings from their middle-class family about the intensive training that will be required. Byron plays Peters as vulnerable but resilient, with intense emotions that are accentuated by a combination of music and close-up shots.
Through a series of vignettes, the day-to-day life of a nurse in a British hospital in the immediate post-war years is revealed, showing the strict hierarchy of nursing roles, lingering shortages, difficulties in dealing with boisterous male working-class patients, and gender divisions. The film also devoted significant amounts of time to the benefits of nursing in accordance with its purpose of promoting the profession as an attractive career option for women.
Production
Life in Them Hands was directed by Philip Leacock. Anthony Steven and Monica Dickens, the great-granddaughter of Charles Dickens, wrote the script; they had published in 1942 One Pair of Feet about their war service as a nurse. The film was scored by Clifton Parker. Kathleen Byron was cast as the protagonist and other actors included Bernadette O'Farrell and Jenny Laird.
The cast includes:
Kathleen Byron as nurse Ann Peters.
Bernadette O'Farrell as nurse Mary Gordon.
Jacqueline Charles as nurse Michele Rennie.
Jenny Laird as Matron.
Robert Long as Jack Wilson.
Grace Gavin as Sister McTavish.
Jean Anderson as Night Sister.
Joan Maude as Sister Tutor.
Elwyn Brook-Jones as Surgeon.
Iris Ballard as Nurse Soper.
Grace Arnold as Children's Sister.
Susan Richmond as Mrs. Wilson.
Audrey Teasdale as Aggie Arthurs.
Michael Ward as Ralph.
Reception and legacy
The Monthly Film Bulletin reported the film as "combining impersonal information with a personal fictional story". A sister at the Liverpool Royal Infirmary felt that Hollywood films about Edith Cavell and Florence Nightingale had greater impact than a film like Life in my Hands.
The British Film Institute has noted the expense and trouble taken in making the film despite it not being released as a main feature. It was one of the last films made by the Crown Film Unit which was closed the following year to save money with later British government-sponsored films being commissioned from private studios. The film was shown again in 2018 at the BFI Southbank to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the National Health Service.
References
Bibliography
Chibnall, Steve & McFarlane, Brian. The British 'B' Film. Palgrave MacMillan, 2009.
External links
1951 films
British drama films
1951 drama films
Films directed by Philip Leacock
Films scored by Clifton Parker
Films set in England
United Artists films
British black-and-white films
Films about nurses
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
District 27 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Multnomah and Washington counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat Sheri Schouten of Beaverton.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
Washington County, Oregon
Monascus pallens is a fungal species in the Monascaceae family. It was found during a survey done on water and sediment of the Shatt al-Arab river in Basra, Iraq. The research was done by Dr. Basil A. Abbas under supervision of SK. Abdullah in 1995.
References
Eurotiales
Miles of Smiles, Years of Struggle is a 1982 documentary film about a group of Pullman car porters who organized the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters - claimed to be the first African American trade union. The film examines issues of work, race and dignity. The film uses a variety of sources including historical records and photos, old films, and interviews with and reminiscences of retired porters. The film is narrated by a porter's widow and former union organizer: Rosina Tucker.
The film was produced by Jack Santino and Paul Wagner and won four regional Emmy Awards. It has been described as "One hundred years of history is spanned in an enlightening portrait
of admirable dignity." – New York Times and as "A moving account of the Pullman porters' remarkable (and largely untold) history." – Washington Post.
In addition to its four regional Emmy Awards, the film has also been honoured at the Telluride Film Festival, and received the American Film Festival Blue Ribbon, and a CINE Golden Eagle. The film was funded by the D.C. Community Humanities Council.
See also
The Road Taken, a 1996 documentary film about Black Canadian railway porters
References
External links
American documentary films
Documentary films about labor relations in the United States
Documentary films about African Americans
1982 films
1982 documentary films
Documentary films about rail transport
Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters
1980s American films
Dick Stockton and Rosemary Casals were the defending champions but lost in the semifinals to Phil Dent and Billie Jean King.
Phil Dent and Billie Jean King recovered from 2 match points at 4‐5, 15‐40 in the final set and won 3‐6, 6‐2, 7-5 in the final against Frew McMillan and Betty Stöve. The winning team split $6,500.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
1976 US Open – Doubles draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Mixed Doubles
US Open (tennis) by year – Mixed doubles
Othappu () is a Malayalam novel written by Sarah Joseph and published in 2005. The novel is the last in the trilogy which includes 'Alaahayude Penmakkal' and 'Mattathi'. While 'Mattathi' is a kind of sequel to 'Alaahayude Penmakkal', 'Othappu' follows the pattern by having a central female character and protagonist. The novel deals with the decision of a nun to step outside the convent and embrace a life free from the shackles of established religious norms and practices. In this, the character 'Marghalitha', comes in logger heads with the church and society which refuse to accept their personal views and individual freedom and expect them to conform to the framework in place regarding those joining the nunnery. The English translation of the book named 'Othappu: The Scent of the Other Side' won the Crossword Book Award for translation.
Plot
The novel opens with Marghalitha coming to their home after defrocking herself, as per their own wishes. Them family is shocked and lock them up in a store-room outside the house used for keeping raw bananas for ripening. For three days they are kept locked up without food or water. Eventually they leaf their home when they realize that no matter what, their mother or brothers would not accept them back into the family. They wander around and even makes a train journey to Angamali, where they spend the night in a hospital as they feel it would be the safest place for them  They are then brought by Fr. Roy Francis Kareekkan to stay with John Kasheesha, who is a friend. Fr. Kareekkan is the second important character.  They are disillusioned about their role within the church and also is strongly attracted to Marghalitha. Marghalitha stays with John Kasheesha and their family, until the scandal comes to be known among their family members, which forces Marghalitha to leave so as to avoid conflict within Kasheesha's family.  They are taken care for a while by their cousin Rebecca and later makes their way to the jungle retreat of Augustine, a Christian freethinker and social reformer. Here Fr. Kareekkan expresses their desire to leave the priesthood to be with them
Kareekkan attempts to live with Marghalitha and brings them to their parents. Their parents are shocked and their father commits suicide by hanging himself. This breaks Kareekkan who is both psychologically, emotionally and ideologically weak. When they discover that Marghalitha is pregnant with their child, they abandon them and goes to live in a church as a sweeper in a distant place where no one would recognize him. Meanwhile, Augustine gives Marghalitha an orphan boy to care for, named 'Naanu'. Marghalitha, Naanu and their unborn child are left to fend for themselves. However, Marghalitha gains a new confidence and radiance and starts to realize they are a pilgrim on a revolutionary road, where they have to fight the existing norms and social structure. They refuse the wealth willed to them by their mother and boldly sets out to fulfill their individual destiny, along with Naanu and their unborn child and free from the constraints of the church, but also their family and social conventions.
The novel also has several biblical allegorical references like three nuns bringing gifts for their unborn child, referring to the Magi bringing gifts to Christ. Rebecca also enacts the role of Mary when they visit Marghalitha, discerning that they are pregnant. Several Bible verses are also used by the characters to state or express themselves from time to time.
Joseph is making a commentary on the Church rather than explaining the thought processes of their character. They do succeed in unravelling those processes, but shies away from trying to analyse or explain the hows and whys thereof. The main theme is that institutionalised church does not satisfy in the end. The Church, which is powerful and rich, does not reflect the tranquility of Jesus. It is in John Kasheesha's home and Augustine's eccentric forest mission where the reader finds that, rather than an institution, it is the individual who can truly follow Christ and try to establish the Kingdom of Heaven on earth. And yet the author leaves the whole issue open-ended. Neither Margalitha nor Karikkan finds a convincing solution to the problem from which they seek to run away.
Main characters
Marghalitha - A nun who leaves the convent because they can no longer pretend that the rituals associated with belief are meaningful to them
Roy Francis Kareekkan - A priest who also questions the church's double standards in serving the poor and the rich and influential. They leave the priesthood when they realize their desire for Marghalitha, but later abandons them
Augustine - a Christian freethinker and social reformer.
John and Sarakochamma (The Kasheeshas) - The Syrian Christian couple who take care of Margharitha after they leave the convent.
Rebecca - Marghalitha's cousin who is a kind of vagabond preacher and healer.
References
Malayalam novels
Novels set in Kerala
2005 Indian novels
Novels by Sarah Joseph
Starwing, star wings, or variation, may refer to:
Entertainment and sports
Starwings Basel, the "Starwings" basketball team from Basel, Switzerland
Star Fox (1993 video game), released as Starwing in the UK, first game in the Nintendo Star Fox series
Starwings (1984 novel) novel by George Wyatt Proctor
star wing, the science fiction military unit space equivalent to Wing (military aviation unit)
Fictional characters
Leyerlain Starwing (dark elf) a fictional character from the 2001 Dragonlance novel by Nancy Varian Berberick, The Inheritance (novel)
Aviation
Starwing, a U.S. aircraft manufacturer, see List of aircraft (St)
EAE European Air Express (1999-2007) callsign STARWING; see List of defunct airlines of Germany
Astronaut wings, colloquially
See also
Starwing Paradox (2018 video game; ) an arcade game from Square-Enix
Space Wing (disambiguation)
Star (disambiguation)
Wing (disambiguation)
Wingstar (disambiguation)
Marie Angel may refer to:
Marie Angel (soprano) (born 1953), Australian opera singer
Marie Angel (artist) (1923–2010), British illustrator and calligrapher
CIOG-FM is a Canadian Christian radio station, broadcasting at 91.3 FM in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island with a rebroadcaster CIOG-FM-1 at 92.5 FM in Summerside.
Owned by the International Harvesters for Christ Evangelistic Association, the station was licensed in 2008.
On June 16, 2010, CIOG applied to the CRTC to change its frequency for its Summerside transmitter from 91.1 to 92.5 MHz; the frequency change was approved on August 13, 2010.
On October 12, 2011, CIOG applied to the CRTC to increase power from 50 watts to 250 watts on both 91.3 and 92.5; the transmitter site for 91.3 will be relocated under the proposal.
On February 6, 2013, the CRTC approved the application by the station to change the authorized contours of 91.3 by increasing its effective radiated power (ERP) from 50 to 250 watts, and to change the authorized contours of 92.5 by increasing that transmitter's ERP from 50 to 250 watts.
References
External links
CIOG
Iog
Iog
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in Prince Edward Island
District 17 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Linn and Marion counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Sherrie Sprenger of Scio.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Linn County, Oregon
Marion County, Oregon
Malik Nawab Sher Waseer is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018. Previously they were a member of the National Assembly from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-76 (Faisalabad-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 43,294 votes and defeated Zahid Nazir, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-76 (Faisalabad-II) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 35,750 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Tallal Chaudry. In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as an independent candidate from Constituency PP-53 (Faisalabad-III) but was unsuccessful. They received 174 votes and lost the seat to Iffat Miraj Awan.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency NA-102 (Faisalabad-II) in 2018 Pakistani general election. .Nawab Sher Waseer Turn against their party during No confidence motion
Electoral history
2018
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Summer () is a 2011 Chilean drama film written and directed by José Luis Torres Leiva.
Cast
Rosario Bléfari as Isa
Julieta Figueroa as Julieta
Francisco Ossa as Francisco
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2010s Spanish-language films
Chilean drama films
Henry Ashley (February 19, 1778 – January 14, 1829) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York from 1825 to 1827.
Biography
Ashley was born the son of David Ashley in Winchester, Cheshire County, New Hampshire. They attended the common schools on December 14, 1817 at Catskill, Greene County, New York. Henry's estate was proved on January 29, 1829 at Catskill, Greene County, New York. They had five children, Henry, George, Clarence, Charles (b. April 26, 1826, d. November 27, 1826), and Charles (b. December 19, 1827).
Career
Serving as Town Clerk of Winchester in 1811, Ashley was also a Justice of the Peace in 1817. Afterwards they moved to Catskill and married Susan Haight Van Voorhis there on December 14, 1817. They had five children. They were Chairman of the Catskill Tanners' Association in 1825.
Congress
Elected as a Jacksonian to the 19th United States Congress, Ashley was Representative for the eleventh district of New York from March 4, 1825, to March 3, 1827.
Later career
Afterwards they resumed their tanning business, and was President of the Board of Trustees of the Village of Catskill from 1828 until their death.
Death
Ashley died in Catskill, Greene County, New York on January 14, 1829 (age 50 years, 330 days). They were interred at the Catskill Village Cemetery on Thomson Street.
References
External links
Ashley genealogy at Conover genealogy
1778 births
1829 deaths
People from Winchester, New Hampshire
American people of English descent
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Catskill, New York
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Adam Książek was a Polish professional football player, playing as a defender.
Born on 6 September 1967 in Bytom they are considered one of local club's Szombierki Bytom's legends, having remained in strong contact with the club until their death. They represented Poland in the U20s. They debuted in the top division in 1987 as a Szombierki Bytom player. On the 26 March 1988 they scored for Szombierki the 800th goal in the division. They played for Szombierki till 1990, then moving to GKS Katowice. At "Gieksa", they made 23 appearances in the top division and in 1991 they won the Polish Cup. They returned to Szombierki in 1992 and played till the end of 1993. After retirement they emigrated permanently to Germany where they lived until their sudden death in a Münster hospital on 31 December 2020.
References
External links
- 90minut.pl profile
1967 births
2020 deaths
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Bytom
Szombierki Bytom players
GKS Katowice players
Polish emigrants to Germany
Melk en Honing () is the fifth studio album by one-man industrial metal band Author & Punisher. Produced by Phil Anselmo, Author & Punisher's Tristan Shone and Michael Thompson, it was released on June 30, 2015, by Anselmo's Housecore Records.
Background
Tristan Shone considered the record to be "the most 'live' version of Author & Punisher." They have collaborated with Anselmo on Melk en Honing after they pitched to different record labels and got a positive response from Housecore Records. According to him, they and Anselmo had a "very similar idea of what 'heavy' was" and made the vocals more prominent in the mix.
Shone has described the title of the album as "really more of a sort of tip of the hat to the Dutch for reaching out and accepting of something new." They have further stated that "a bit of a medicinal or chemical component to the title, Melk en Honing, because it relates to the sense of hard work and bodily chemicals that are involved."
Critical reception
Melk en Honing has received generally positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has an average score of 81 based on 4 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim." J. Bennett of Revolver praised the album, describing the album's tracks as "dizzying, pulsating and pounding expositions of man's ultimate sonic collusion with machine." Consequence critic Sean Barry was more mixed in their response, writing: "It's truly an opportunity missed, though, to simply listen to this record. Genuine appreciation comes only with a good deal of research into the equipment Shone has invented and employed to produce these sounds."
Track listing
"The Barge" — 8:09
"Cauterize" — 3:28
"Shame" — 7:34
"Future Man" — 7:20
"Disparate" — 8:33
"Callous and Hoof" — 6:54
"Teething" — 4:20
"Void, Null, Alive" — 7:05
Personnel
Album personnel as adapted from Bandcamp:
Tristan Shone — performer, producer
Phil Anselmo — producer
Michael Thompson — producer, engineer
Stephen Berrigan — engineer
Russell MacEwan — artwork
References
External links
Melk en Honing on Bandcamp
2015 albums
Author & Punisher albums
Albums produced by Phil Anselmo
Dottie and Don is a studio album by American country music artists Don Gibson and Dottie West. It was released in March 1969 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Chet Atkins and Danny Davis. The album was a collection of duet recordings between Gibson and West. It was both artists first album of duets to be recorded. Among the songs from the project, "Rings of Gold" became a major hit in 1969.
Background and content
Dottie & Don was first collection of duets to be recorded by Don Gibson and Dottie West. While West had previously recorded with Jim Reeves, Gibson had not professionally cut duets with another performer. The album was produced by both Chet Atkins and Danny Davis. The sessions were recorded in November 1968 at RCA Studio B in Nashville, Tennessee.
The project was a collection of 12 duet recordings. One song, "Final Examination", was composed by West. Another song, "Sweet Dreams" was composes (and first recorded by) Gibson. Remaining tracks were either new recordings or cover versions of songs cut by others. Among the album's cover versions was "I Love You Because", which was first a hit by Leon Payne. Another cover included "When I Stop Dreaming", which was first a song by The Louvin Brothers. "Sweet Memories" was a third cover, which was first a hit by Andy Williams.
Release and reception
Dottie & Don was originally released in March 1969 on RCA Victor Records. The album was first issued as a vinyl LP, featuring six songs on each side of the record. In 2019, the album was reissued to digital retailers by Sony Music Entertainment. Dottie & Don spent a total of 12 weeks on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart before peaking at number 21 in July 1969.
The album included two singles. The first being "Rings of Gold", which was released in February 1969. Spending 17 weeks on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart, it reached number two later in the year. The song became West's highest-charting single up to that point. It would also become Gibson's highest-charting single in almost three years. Additionally, "Rings of Gold" reached number one on the Canadian RPM Country Singles chart. The album's cover of "Sweet Memories" was released as the second single in June 1969. The song became a top 40 hit later that year, reaching number 32 on the Billboard country chart.
Dottie & Don received positive reviews upon its release. In an April 1969 issue of Billboard magazine, reviewers praised the record. "This package is power-packed. With two such names -- Dottie West and Don Gibson -- doing duet versions of great songs, this must melt off the shelves," staff writers commented. The commentators also praised the production by Atkins and Davis, calling it an "added attraction". The record was also reviewed in years following by Allmusic. In their review, the album was given a rating of three out of five stars.
Track listing
"Till I Can't Take It Anymore" (Clyde Otis, Dorian Burton) – 2:32
"Rings of Gold" (Gene Thomas) – 2:43
"How's the World Treating You" (Boudleaux Bryant, Chet Atkins) – 2:46
"Final Examination" (Red Lane, Dottie West) – 2:43
"I Love You Because" (Leon Payne) – 3:04
"Sweet Dreams" (Don Gibson) – 2:11
"Let's Wait a Little Longer" (Billy Sherrill, Curly Putman) – 2:54
"Set Me Free" (Curly Putman) – 2:09
"Sweet Memories" (Mickey Newbury) – 3:05
"I'll Never Stand in Your Way" (Fred Rose, Hy Heath) – 2:34
"Loving Season" (Gene Thomas) – 2:46
"When I Stop Dreaming" (Charlie Louvin, Ira Louvin) – 2:15
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Dottie & Don.
Musical personnel
Chet Atkins – guitar
Byron Bach – cello
Brenton Banks – violin
Howard Carpenter – viola
Jerry Carrigan – drums
Marvin Chantry – violin
Harold Cruthids – cello
Ray Edenton – guitar
Solie Fott – violin
Martin Katahn – violin
Shelly Kurland – violin
The Jordanaires – background vocals
Grady Martin – guitar
Jerry Reed – guitar
Hargus "Pig" Robbins – piano
Pete Wade – guitar
Bill West – pedal steel guitar
Dottie West – vocals
Technical personnel
Chet Atkins – producer
Danny Davis – producer
Al Pachucki – engineering
Chart performance
Release history
References
External links
LP Discography entry for Dottie and Don
1969 albums
Vocal duet albums
Dottie West albums
Don Gibson albums
Albums produced by Chet Atkins
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by Danny Davis (country musician)
Amaral is a Spanish rock duo from Zaragoza, who have sold more than four million albums worldwide. The band consists of Eva Amaral (vocals) and Juan Aguirre (guitar), who write their songs together. Amaral and Aguirre met in 1992 in a bar in Zaragoza. They played drums in a local punk rock band called Bandera Blanca and also sang with Acid Rain. Aguirre was playing with a band called Días de Vino y Rosas at the time. Soon after they met, the two decided to play together and perform their own material. In 1997, they moved to Madrid and signed a major deal with EMI. Amaral's musical style is often called pop rock, but it is often fused with Latin beats, folk rock, synthesizers, complex poetic lyrics, and in particular, traditional Spanish folk music. Their distinctive style was described by Juan as folk, "and the person who has heard a lot of folk and traditional music will listen and understand, but I think our attitude to life is rather that of a rock group."
Juan Aguirre was born in San Sebastián (also known as Donostia) in the Guipúzcoa province of Spain. They spent their childhood in the town of and currently resides in Zaragoza, while Eva originates from Zaragoza. The inspirations for their songs include cinema, friends, and literature. Amaral have won numerous awards including the MTV Europe Music Award for their 2002 album Estrella de mar, which was nominated for 5 other categories, and are one of the best-selling Spanish groups of all time. As of 2019, they have released eight studio albums, one (double) live album, and two live DVDs. According to Eva, they are "a libertarian group that doesn't think of music as a conquest or a competition... We chose music as a way to break a lifestyle that we didn't like and a society that we don't understand."
Collaborations
Amaral has collaborated with many well-known artists in the music industry:
Álvaro Urquijo, contributions on the album Amaral
Tony Beard (Mike Oldfield, Mick Jagger), on drums
Peter Buck, on the song "Doce palabras", from the album Gato Negro Dragón Rojo
Chetes, on the song "Si Tú No Vuelves", from the album Pajaros en la Cabeza
Beto Cuevas, on the song "Te Necesito".
Danny Cummings (Mark Knopfler, Bryan Adams), on percussion
Melvin Duffyel (Robbie Williams, Sting), on pedal steel guitar
Echo String Quartet, on strings.
Antonio Escobar, programming on the album Hacia lo salvaje
Russell Milton (The Waterboys), on bass
Moby, on the single "Escapar (Slipping Away)")
Danny Shogger (George Michael, Paul McCartney), on keyboards
Pereza, on the Spanish band's 2006 track "La Noria" from the album Los amigos de los animales.
Ariel Rot, on the 2006 track "Sin saber qué decir" from their 2007 album Dúos, Tríos y Otras Perversiones.
Discography
Studio albums
Amaral (1998)
Una pequeña parte del mundo (2000)
Estrella de mar (2002)
Pájaros en la cabeza (2005)
Gato negro◆Dragón rojo (2008)
Hacia lo salvaje (2011)
Nocturnal (2015)
Salto al color (2019)
References
External links
Spanish pop rock music groups
Folk rock groups
Spanish musical duos
Spanish rock music groups
Spanish pop music groups
Spanish indie rock groups
Spanish alternative rock groups
Rock en Español music groups
Discographies of Spanish artists
Musical groups established in 1992
Latin pop music groups
MTV Europe Music Award winners
Sony Music Spain artists
Russell Dixon Peters (December 14, 1914 – February 21, 2003) was an American professional baseball player. A second baseman, shortstop and third baseman, they played in 471 games over all or parts of ten seasons in Major League Baseball with the Philadelphia Athletics (1936–1938), Cleveland Indians (1940–1944; 1946), and the St. Louis Browns (1947). Peters was born in Roanoke, Virginia, and although they spent their childhood in Dayton, Ohio, they returned to Virginia to attend Washington and Lee University and spent several years in retirement in their native state.
Peters, who wore glasses, hit just .236 in their Major League career and only hit above .300 once – in 47 at bats in . However, they played every infield position and found work as a utility player. In 1937, they had 339 at-bats for the Athletics (his career high) and hit three home runs, drove in 43 runs and stole four bases. An infielder with the Atlanta Crackers of the Class A1 Southern Association in 1938 and 1939, and Rookie of the Year their first year, they were said to be "not only ... a fine mechanical ball player, but they are a fireball in that infield" (Morgan Blake. The Atlanta Constitution.)
The Indians purchased their contract from Atlanta in order to bring them on as backup to It's already fine infield. Consequently, they did not play on a regular basis, but even after four years as a "second-stringer", when they did play, they played well. Sportswriter Gorden Cobbledick declared that "evidence has been accumulating in the last few weeks that, all unsuspecting, we have been harboring in our midst one of the most remarkable athletes in the county." Writing about a possible trade of Russ to the Browns, Ed McAuley stated that "it is about time Peters received some recognition as a genuinely valuable member of the team. ... they have been ready and efficient whenever they have been called on – and they have done well at every position in the infield."
Their baseball career was interrupted by service in the United States Army during World War II. After the defeat of Japan, they served in the Army of Occupation in Germany and organized baseball teams for intramural games among the troops (The Unicorn Free Press). Toward the end of their career with the Indianapolis Indians (1949–1951), they managed winter baseball teams in Puerto Rico and Panama. In 1993, Russ was recognized as "one of the first fence-busters of Virginia", and they were inducted into the Roanoke-Salem Baseball Hall of Fame.
External links
Sargent, Jim, Rusty Peters. SABR Biography Project
1914 births
2003 deaths
Albany Senators players
Atlanta Crackers players
Baseball players from Virginia
Cleveland Indians players
Columbus Red Birds players
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball infielders
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball shortstops
Major League Baseball third basemen
Philadelphia Athletics players
St. Louis Browns players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Sportspeople from Roanoke, Virginia
United States Army personnel of World War II
Safiabad (, also Romanized as Şafīābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Patricia Reznikov (born 1962 in Paris) is a Franco-American writer.
Biography
Reznikov graduated from the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris. From 1987 to 2000 they worked as an illustrator for the press, advertising and publishing (agency Illustrissimo from 1992 to 2002). At the same time they published their first texts.  They are currently devoted exclusively to publishing.  They are a novelist and a translator. They have been a reader of French and English texts for a large Parisian publishing house. They have collaborated with Les Lettres Françaises from 2005 to 2014 and the magazine and is currently collaborating in Le Magazine Littéraire and .  They are also a juror of several prizes: the Prix Prométhée de la Nouvelle, the Prix Cabourg du Roman and the Prix Charles Oulmont of the Fondation de France.
Works
Fiction
1994: Toro (novel) Ed. De l'Arsenal, (retenu pour l'opération “1er roman/ 1re dramatique” de France Culture, 1999
2001: Juste à la porte du jardin d'Eden (novel) Mercure de France, , (selected for the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle)
2004: Mon teckel à roulettes est un philosophe (short story). ,
2004: Vie et mort en magasin (short story). Ed. Du Rocher,
2004: Dieu a égaré mon numéro de téléphone (novel) Mercure de France, , (finalist of the Prix Cazes-Lipp, 2005).
2005: Un tour sur les montagnes russes (short story). Ed. Du Rocher,
2007: Le Paon du Jour (novel) éditions du Rocher, , (finalist of the Prix Valery Larbaud, Bourse Thyde Monnier 2007 of the Société des gens de lettres, Prix Charles Oulmont of the Foundation of France 2008).
2011: La Nuit n'éclaire pas tout (novel). Albin Michel 2011, , (Prix Cazes-Lipp 2011).
2013: La Transcendante (novel). Albin Michel, (selected by the prix Fémina, finalist of the prix Renaudot, Prix Révélation 2013 of the Forêt des Livres).
Essays
2012: Hermann Hesse in Le Livre d'où je viens, 16 écrivains racontent. Éditions du Castor Astral
2014: I Colori di Massimo Arrighi (collective work), Campanotto Editore
Theatre
1994: Toro ou le voyage en Espagne. Radiodrama for France Culture
Femme de la Ville. "La Métaphore", revue du Théâtre National Lille Tourcoing. , March 1994.
Poetry
Ton monde est le mien, 39 contemporary poets, anthology. Ed. , October 2009.
Albums for youth
2003: La boîte de thé rouge (text and illustrations). Gallimard Jeunesse/ Amnesty International
2005: Le Chevalier des Rêves (text and illustrations). Ed. Du Rocher jeunesse
2006: La Véritable Nage Papillon (short story). “Va y avoir du sport”, collective work, Gallimard Jeunesse/ L'Écrit du Cœur
2007: Cerise Noire (text) illustrations by Laurent Corvaisier, Thomas Jeunesse/Amnesty International
2008: La Grande Invention d'Azule le Lutin (text and illustrations), Thomas Jeunesse
1997: L'Avenir, de Vincent Ravalec (illustrations) Éditions Michel Lagarde
2003: Le courage de la jeune Inuit,de J.Pasquet (illustrations) Albin Michel
2001: Contes et légendes des fées et des princesses (illustrations).
2004: Contes et légendes des mille et une nuits (illustrations). Nathan
2004: Contes de chevaux, de R.Causse et N.Vézinet (illustrations). Albin Michel
2005: Écrire le Monde, la naissance des alphabets, by N.Cauwet (illustrations). Ed. Belem, (finalist of the prix jeunesse France Télévision 2006; finalist of the prix Sorcières 2007; Prix Octogones /Ricochet 2006).
2006: Compter le monde, la naissance des chiffres, by N.Cauwet (illustrations) Ed. Belem, (finalist of the prix Sorcières 2006)
Translations from English
2006: La Soupe de Kafka, une histoire complète de la littérature mondiale en 16 recettes (Moules marinière à la Italo Calvino et Sole à la dieppoise à la Jorge Luis Borges), by Mark Crick. Flammarion
2008: La Baignoire de Goethe, bricoler avec les grands écrivains (Comment poser du papier peint avec Ernest Hemingway), by Mark Crick. Baker Street
2011: Sisters Red by Jackson Pearce, Albin Michel
2014: Prières pour celles qui furent volées by Jennifer Clement, Flammarion, (finalist of the prix Fémina 2014, Prix des Lectrices de Elle/Lycéennes 2015)
2016: Retour à Ellinghurst by Clark Clark, Flammarion
External links
Patricia Reznikov - La Transcendante on YouTube
Publications de Patricia Reznikov on CAIRN
Patricia Reznikov on M.E.L
Patricia Reznikov on Babelio
Patricia Reznikov : « La création littéraire nous permet de transformer notre vécu » on L'internaute
21st-century French non-fiction writers
21st-century French essayists
French children's writers
French women children's writers
English–French translators
Writers from Paris
1962 births
Living people
21st-century French women writers
21st-century translators
Massies Mill is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It is located on State Route 56 adjacent to the headwaters of the Tye River. The head of the Virginia Blue Ridge Railway, a now-defunct short line railroad, was once located at Massies Mill.
In August 1969, Massies Mill, then a village of forty homes, was at or very close to ground zero during one of the worst natural disasters to strike the Commonwealth of Virginia in the 20th century as the remnants of Hurricane Camille dumped an unprecedented amount of rain on unsuspecting residents as they slept, resulting in flash floods and mudslides which killed dozens of people throughout the county and surrounding areas.
History
Virginia Blue Ridge Railroad
In 1914, a company was incorporated to build a short line railroad which connected Massies Mill to the Southern Railway, a major trunk line, at Tye River Depot. The Virginia Blue Ridge Railway initially was built to haul chestnut for lumber out of the heavily timbered Piney River area to local mills until World War I. The chestnut blight wiped out much of the timbered areas. However, the railroad later served several quarries in the area where titanium dioxide and aplite were mined.
The VBR also passed through the communities of Roses Mill, Piney River, Canopy, Lowesville, and Buffalo Mine. It followed the course of the Tye and Piney Rivers for several miles before entering the mountains.
The line was abandoned in 1980. Part of the roadbed is being developed as a rails-to-trails project, the Blue Ridge Railway Trail.
Tropical Storm Camille
On the night of August 19, 1969, Massies Mill became one of the hardest hit communities when the remnants of Hurricane Camille arrived. The hurricane had come ashore on the Gulf Coast near the mouth of the Mississippi River as a Category 5 storm, one of only 3 to strike the US mainland during the 20th century. The hurricane flattened nearly everything along the coast of the U.S. state of Mississippi, and caused additional flooding and deaths inland. The storm had lost strength as it crossed hundreds of miles of land, and was downgraded by the National Weather Service to Tropical Storm status as it moved northwardly along the eastern side of the Appalachian Mountains and into Virginia. It still carried incredible amounts of moisture and contained sufficient strength and low pressure to pull in additional moisture.
As it reached the area centered on Nelson County, a hilly, rural county with a population of around 15,000, the storm unexpectedly stalled on the eastern side of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Within a 3-hour period, it dumped a record quantity of of rain. The rainfall was so heavy there were reports of birds drowning in trees and of survivors who had to cup their hands around mouth and nose in order to breathe through such a deluge.
As many people slept unaware, the ensuing flash floods and mudslides killed 153 people, 22 in Massies Mill alone. Across Nelson County, 133 bridges were washed out, while some entire communities were underwater. The major flooding that occurred downstream cut off all communications between Richmond and the Shenandoah Valley. Waynesboro on the South River saw eight feet of water downtown, and Buena Vista had more than five feet. Total damage in the state amounted to $140.8 million (1969 USD, $747 million 2005 USD).
Further reading
Category 5: The Story of Camille, Lessons Unlearned from America's Most Violent Hurricane By Ernest Zebrowski, Judith A. Howard, Published by University of Michigan Press, 2005
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Populated places established in 1914
1914 establishments in Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Luau is a Hawaiian feast.
Luau may also refer to:
Luau (food), a Polynesian dish
Luau, Cuanza Sul
Luau, Moxico
Luau, a dialect of Lua
Wouter Van Bellingen (born 20 April 1972) is a Rwandan born black politician for the political party Spirit. Before that, they were employed by the city of Sint-Niklaas as a civil servant working on youth and developing world issues.
Since 2 January 2007, Van Bellingen is an alderman in Sint-Niklaas, where they live. As such, they became the first black alderman in Flanders.  They are responsible for the city's activities related to youths, parties, international projects, civilian affairs and the civil registry and some administrative functions.
Van Bellingen drew media attention in February 2007 when it was reported that 3 couples cancelled their wedding ceremony because they didn't want to be wed by a black registrar. In response to the event, Van Bellingen decided to organise a multicultural wedding event on 21 March 2007, which is also the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination. 626 couples were symbolically married by Van Bellingen that day and this event was perceived as a strong anti-racism signal.
Van Bellingen was given up for adoption by their Rwandan mother. They grew up in Sint-Niklaas as the youngest son in a family with 4 adopted children.  They are married and has 2 children. They were very active in the different sections of the youth councils in Flanders, and a scouting leader.
References
Spirit: Wouter Van Bellingen. Retrieved 19 March 2007.
Footnotes
1972 births
Living people
Belgian civil servants
Flemish politicians
Sociaal-Liberale Partij politicians
Belgian people of Rwandan descent
Mount Moresby is the highest mountain of the Queen Charlotte Mountains located south of Daajing Giids (formerly Queen Charlotte) on Moresby Island in British Columbia, Canada.
References
One-thousanders of British Columbia
Queen Charlotte Mountains
The Crazy Making Tour was a 2009 summer tour which featured the alternative rock bands Switchfoot and Blue October co-headlining. The tour was first announced on Blue October's Myspace profile and Switchfoot's Twitter feed. Supporting acts for the tour were Longwave and Ours. Each band's set varied by location. Some shows had one playing significantly longer, but others had the time split equally.
Itinerary
The tour dates were first announced May 28 on both band's respective websites and profiles.
The tour spanned two months in the summer, and began in Council Bluffs, Iowa, and concluded in Hampton Beach, New Hampshire. The sizes of the shows varied, with the bands mostly playing in mid-sized to large auditoriums, theaters, and rock clubs.
Tickets
Pre-sale for the shows began on June 1, available exclusively to Switchfoot and Blue October fans. Sales to the general public went live June 5. Prices were relatively affordable, with general admissions tickets going for an average of $33 each.
Tour dates
References
Switchfoot concert tours
2009 concert tours
Christian concert tours
Co-headlining concert tours
Cartography of Latin America, map-making of the realms in the Western Hemisphere, was an important aim of European powers expanding into the New World. Both the Spanish Empire and the Portuguese Empire began mapping the realms they explored and settled. They also speculated on the lands that were marked terra incognita. Indigenous groups created maps of their territories, some of which predated the arrival of the Europeans. Maps for Spain also projected "its particular sense of order, religion, and justice, or what was understood as policía in its new colonies." Maps could be a form of propaganda; empires used maps as a means to assert sovereignty over territory, even when the situation on the ground did not merit it. The Spanish crown mandated the creation of reports from indigenous towns in New Spain, the Relaciones geográficas, a major state-directed project for gathering information. with written descriptions and usually a map. A useful collection of articles pointing to some major issues in New World cartography has recently appeared. When other European powers began exploring and settling the zones that Spain and Portugal had claimed as their own, maps began to delineate the boundaries between empires. As Latin America nation-states coalesced following independence in the early nineteenth century, map making was a standard national project.
See also
History of Cartography
Oztoticpac Lands Map of Texcoco
Padrón Real
Relaciones geográficas
Waldseemüller map
References
Further reading
Beyersdorff, Margot. "Covering the Earth: Mapping the Walkabout in Andean Pueblos de Indios" in Latin American Research Review, 42 (2007): 129-160.
Burnett, D. Graham. "Fabled Land: Walter Raleigh, map of Guiana (El Dorado)." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 38-41.
Candiani, Vera S. "Bourbons and Water: Joaquín Velázquez de León and Joseph de Gurgaleta, Pérfil y corte por la latitude de las compuertas y puntos principales del canal de Huehuetoca (Mexico), 1795." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 70-73.
Cline, Howard F. "The Relaciones Geográficas of the Spanish Indies, 1577-1586." Hispanic American Historical Review 44 (1964) 341-374.
Cline, Howard F. "The Oztoticpac Lands Map of Texcoco, 1540". A La Carte: Selected Papers on Maps and Atlases. Ed. Walter W. Ristow. Washington, D.C.: Library of Congress 1972, 5-33.
Craib, Raymond B. "Historical Geographies: Antonio García Cubas. Carta General de la República Mexicana 1858" in Mapping Latin America, pp. 153-158.
Crouch, Dora P. Daniel J. Garr, and Alex I. Mundigo. Spanish City Planning in North America. Cambridge MA: MIT Press 1982.
Mapping Latin America: A Cartographic Reader. Dym, Jordana and Karl Offen, eds. Chicago: University of Chicago Press 2011.
Ferreira Furtado, Junia. "The Indies of Knowledge: of, The Imaginary Geography of the Discoveries of Gold in Brazil" in Science in the Spanish and Portuguese Empires, 1500-1800. Daniela Bleichmar, Paula DeVos, Kristin Huffine, and Kevin Sheehan. Stanford: Stanford University Press 2008.
Harley, J. Brian. "Maps, Knowledge, and Power." In The New Nature of Maps: Essays in the History of Cartography, edited by Paul Laxton, 51-82. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press 2001.
Harvey, Eleanor Jones. "Mapping A National Identity", Chapter 2, Alexander von Humboldt and the United States. Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution 2020, pp. 85-134.
Hébert, John. "America: Martin Waldseemüller, Universalis cosmographia 1507." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 29-32.
Ireland, Gordon. Boundaries, Possessions, and Conflicts in Central and North America and the Caribbean. reprint. New York: Octagon Books 1971.
Kagan, Richard. "Projecting Order: Plano fundacional de San Juan de la Frontera (Argentina)." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 46-50.
Kagan, Richard. Urban Images of the Hispanic World, 1493-1793. New Haven: Yale University Press 2000.
Klinghoffer, Arthur Jay. The Power of Projections: How Maps Reflect Global Politics and History. Westport CT: Praeger 2006.
Knapp, Kit S. The Printed Maps of Central America up to 1860. London: London Map Collectors Circle, 1974.
Mangani, Giorgio. "Abraham Ortelius and the Hermetic Meaning of the Cordiform Projection," Imago Mundi 50 (1998): 59-82.
Monmonier, Mark. "Maps for Political Propaganda." In How to Lie with Maps, 87-112. Chicago: University of Chicago Press 1991.
Mundy, Barbara E. "Indigenous Civilization: Map of Tenochtitlan (Mexico) 1524." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 42-45.
Mundy, Barbara E. "Hybrid Space: Map from the Relación Geográfica of Cholula (Mexico)." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 51-55.
Mundy, Barbara E. The Mapping of New Spain: Indigenous Cartography and the Maps of the Relaciones Geográficas. Chicago: University of Chicago Press 1996.
Nebenzahl, Kenneth. Atlas of Columbus and the Great Discoveries. Chicago: Rand McNally 1990.
Padrón, Ricardo. The Spacious Word: Cartography, Literature, and Empire in Early Modern Spain. Chicago: University of Chicago Press 2004.
Padrón, Ricardo. "Charting Shores: Diogo Ribeiro, Carta Universal 1529." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 33-37.
Padrón, Ricardo. "Allegory and Empire: Vicente de Memije, Aspecto Simbólico del Mundo Hispánico, 1761 and Vicente de Memije, Aspecto Geográphico del Mundo Hispánico. 1761." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 84-85.
Reinhartz, Dennis. The Cartographer and the Literati: Herman Moll and their Intellectual Circle. Lewiston NY: Edwin Mellen Press 1997.
Restall, Matthew. "Imperial Rivalries: Herman Moll, A Map of the West Indies…explaining what belongs to Spain, England, and France, etc., 1775." In Mapping Latin America, pp. 79-83.
Safier, Neil. Measuring the New World: Enlightenment Science and South America. Chicago: University of Chicago Press 2008.
Schwartz, Seymour I. Putting “America” on the Map. Amherst, MA: Prometheus Books 2007.
Wolff, Hans, ed. America: Early Maps of the New World. Munich: Prestel 1992.
Zimmerer, Karl S. "Mapping Mountains" in Mapping Latin America, pp. 125-130.
Cartography by continent
Historic maps of the world
16th century in Spain
Spanish exploration in the Age of Discovery
The following buildings in Jacksonville, Florida were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a Multiple Property Submission under the name San Jose Estates Thematic Resource Area (or TR).
References
External links
Duval County listings at National Register of Historic Places
Buildings and structures in Jacksonville, Florida
History of Jacksonville, Florida
National Register of Historic Places in Jacksonville, Florida
National Register of Historic Places Multiple Property Submissions in Florida
Ki Kore Bojhabo ... Tomake is a Bengali romantic thriller film directed by Chaya Singh.
It stars Arjun Chakraborty, Chaya Singh, Tanveer Khan, Riwk, Payal and Jai Badlani. The film produced under the banner of Theatrical Definitions premiered on 13 April 2012.
Plot
Vikram, a poor man, falls in love with Sapna, seeing their innocence, their humanity and their charisma but hell breaks loose on them when they realise they are married. The first impulse is wrath, hatred and accusations of being cheated but then love overpowers everything and their love for them grows. Vikram learns of Sapna's misery, all thanks to their mentally sick and physically handicapped husband Bissonath who has reached this state following an accident. Bissonath also has a sister called Aparna whom they love very much and they too have a boyfriend Uday. Both Bissonath and Aparna leave no opportunity to disgrace and insult Sapna. Now Vikram's only aim in life is to take Sapna out of that hell and bring to their life all the happiness in the world.
Cast
Arjun Chakraborty as Bisshonath
Chaya Singh as Sapna
Joy Badlani
Tanveer Khan as Vikram
Riwk as Uday
Payal Karak as Aparna
Jai Badlani
Aashique
Rajat
Music
The music of the film is composed by Ashok Bhadra and the lyrics are written by Usman Ghani. The music was released by VENUS on 4 April 2012. The films songs are:
References
2012 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2012 directorial debut films
Ettore Mendicino (born 11 February 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Sambenedettese.
Club career
Lazio
Born in Milan, Mendicino began their career in Rome with the successful Lazio youth system. Playing as a centre-forward and earmarked as a potential future-Luca Toni, Mendicino was touted as a key member of Lazio's future.
Mendicino was first promoted to the Lazio first time during the 2007–08 season, yet did not make a senior debut.
At the beginning of the 2008–09 season, Mendicino played for the first team in pre-season friendlies, having a goal wrongfully disallowed against Liverpool at Anfield.
On 8 February 2009, Mendicino made their Serie A debut, coming on as an injury time substitute for Cristian Ledesma in Lazio's 1–0 loss to Fiorentina.
Lazio loaned them to Serie B side Crotone for the 2009–10 season to gain experience. They scored for the club against Modena on 15 November 2009.
During the summer transfer of 2010, Lazio loaned them to Ascoli with the option to switch from loan to 50% co-ownership for €1.5 Million euros. They made their debut during Coppa Italia return match on 15 August 2010 against Lumezzane scoring the first goal of the match just after 6 minutes, whilst they played their first competitive Serie B game for Ascoli on 22 August 2010 in their 0–0 tie against Grosseto.
On 4 July 2013, they moved on loan to Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Salernitana.
On 10 January 2020, they signed with Serie C club Rimini until the end of the season. The contract was to be automatically extended unless the club got relegated, which they were.
On 1 October 2020 they joined Paganese.
On 27 September 2021 they moved to Sambenedettese in Serie D.
International career
On 25 March 2009 Mendicino made their debut with the Italy U-21 squad in a friendly match against Austria.
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Italian footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
S.S. Lazio players
F.C. Crotone players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
A.S. Gubbio 1910 players
Taranto F.C. 1927 players
Como 1907 players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
S.S. Arezzo players
Cosenza Calcio players
A.C. Monza players
S.S. Monopoli 1966 players
Rimini F.C. 1912 players
Paganese Calcio 1926 players
A.S. Sambenedettese players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Milan
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Randy Gordon may refer to:
Randy Gordon (politician), member of the Washington Senate
Randy Gordon (boxing), American boxing journalist, commentator, and administrator
KDSC (91.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Thousand Oaks, California. The station is owned by the University of Southern California, and is a repeater of KUSC and their classical music format. The KDSC signal previously competed with that of translator K216FM for the 91.1 FM frequency on the Los Angeles Westside. That translator rebroadcast KKLQ (FM), the Los Angeles affiliate of the contemporary Christian music network K-Love, until the translator's license was cancelled on May 8, 2020.
KDSC broadcasts in HD.
External links
kusc.org
References
DSC
NPR member stations
Classical music radio stations in the United States
Radio stations of the University of Southern California
Adial is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Franklin E. Ebner (April 29, 1904 – May 10, 1979) was an American lawyer and business person.
Ebner was born in Aitkin, Aitkin County, Minnesota. They received their law degree from University of Minnesota Law School in 1929. Ebner lived in Brainerd, Crow Wing County, Minnesota and practiced law in Brainerd. They served in the United States Army. Ebner served in the Minnesota Senate in 1933 and 1934. They also served as the Crow Wing County Attorney. Ebner died at the University of Minnesota Hospitals in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
References
1904 births
1979 deaths
People from Aitkin, Minnesota
People from Brainerd, Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
Minnesota state senators
Locust Valley is a station along the Oyster Bay Branch of the Long Island Rail Road. It is located at Birch Hill Road and Piping Rock Road, south of Forest Avenue, Locust Valley, New York.
No bus access is available at the station; however, local taxicabs do stop.
History
Locust Valley station was opened on April 19, 1869 and was the terminus of the line until 1889. On August 22 the turntable and engine house was moved from Glen Street and installed here. Charles Hallet finished a depot here in November 1872; photographed by Brainerd in 1878. New station building erected 1909.
It was rebuilt in November 1872, remodeled in 1885, and rebuilt again in December 1906, when the second station was moved to a private location. When Mill Neck station was closed on March 16, 1998, Locust Valley became the last station before the end of the line. The station also contains an old-style wooden shelter on the eastbound tracks, and a former interlocking tower, known to the LIRR as Locust Tower that now serves as a Nassau County Police Department booth for the Second Precinct patrolmen assigned to the area.
Station layout
This station has two high-level side platforms, each four cars long. A siding just west of the station served the Nassau-Suffolk Lumber until the late 1970s. The Oyster Bay Branch becomes a single track line a few hundred feet beyond the Birch Hill Road crossing at LOCUST interlocking.
References
External links
Unofficial LIRR History Website
View from Parking Lot
View from Westbound and Eastbound platforms
LOCUST Interlocking (The LIRR Today)
Station from Birch Hill Road from Google Maps Street View
Long Island Rail Road stations in Nassau County, New York
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1869
1869 establishments in New York (state)
Carnival of Sound is the last studio album by the American rock duo Jan and Dean. Though recorded sporadically from 1966 to 1968, it was not released until 2010. Even though it is credited as a Jan and Dean record, it is actually more of a Jan Berry solo effort. Jan died in 2004. The album consists mostly of original material, with a few covers of songs by artists such as The Five Satins and The Coasters. The album is notable for having a more psychedelic sound than other Jan and Dean records.
Background
Sessions for a new Jan and Dean album began in March 1966, with a few tracks completed before Jan Berry's debilitating car accident the following month. Sessions continued sporadically until December 1968 as Berry slowly recovered. The project was also significantly over budget. The album was deemed complete in 1969 but was never released, while collectors circulated unofficial bootleg versions. The album's disappearance prevented a possible psychedelic comeback for Jan and Dean, and their working relationship as a duo soon ended.
Rhino Handmade Records released the first official version of the album as a limited-edition mono vinyl record in November 2009, followed by a wider release on compact disc in February 2010. Included were tracks intended for the original album in 1968 plus 15 bonus tracks from the same sessions. Producer Andrew Sandoval contributed extensive liner notes. AllMusic compared the album to Brian Wilson's Smile, calling it "just as tantalizing a 'lost' artifact of the psychedelic '60s" and that Jan Berry had become "far more self-consciously ambitious" than on previous Jan and Dean records.
While presented as a Jan and Dean album, Jan Berry (even though they wrote and produced the material) only played and sang on a few songs due to complications from their car accident. Dean Torrence, who by that time had become disillusioned with the duo's prospects, only appears on one song. Glen Campbell made some contributions to the sessions, and singer Tom Bahler performed lead vocals on several songs.
Track listing
Original release
'Girl, You're Blowing My Mind' (Jan Berry – Steve Gaines – Paul Freese)
'Mulholland' (Jan Berry – Roger Christian)
'Fan Tan' (Jan Berry – Jill Gibson – Don Altfeld)
'Carnival of Sound' (Jan Berry – Roger Christian – David Weiss)
'Laurel and Hardy' (Jan Berry – Roger Christian)
'I Know My Mind' (Jan Berry – Roger Christian)
'Love and Hate' (Jan Berry – Jill Gibson – Jan Hirsch)
'Tijuana' (Jan Berry – Roger Christian – Don Altfeld)
'Hawaii' (Jan Berry – Jill Gibson)
'Louisiana' Man (Doug Kershaw)
'Stay' (Maurice Williams)
'Only A Boy' (Jan Berry – Don Altfeld – Fred Wieder)
'In the Still of the Night' (Fred Parris)
'Yakety Yak' (Jerry Leiber – Mike Stoller)
Additional tracks
Don't Drop It — (Backing Track) (Unknown)
Girl, You're Blowing My Mind — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Steve Gaines – Paul Freese)
Mulholland — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Roger Christian)
Fan Tan — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Jill Gibson – Don Altfeld)
Carnival of Sound — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Roger Christian – David Weiss)
I Know My Mind — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Roger Christian)
Love and Hate — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Jill Gibson – Jan Hirsch)
Tijuana — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Don Altfeld – Roger Christian)
Hawaii — (Stereo Mix) (Jan Berry – Jill Gibson)
Louisiana Man — (Stereo Mix) (Doug Kershaw)
Stay — (Stereo Mix) (Maurice Williams)
In the Still of the Night — (Stereo Mix) (Fred Parris)
Girl, You're Blowing My Mind — (Jan's Final Mix) (Jan Berry – Steve Gaines – Paul Freese)
Laurel and Hardy — (Jan's Demo) (Jan Berry – Roger Christian)
Girl, You're Blowing My Mind — (Alternate Backing Track) (Jan Berry – Steve Gaines – Paul Freese)
References
External links
Official website
2010 albums
Jan and Dean albums
Rhino Handmade albums
Albums recorded at Gold Star Studios
Albums recorded at United Western Recorders
Albums recorded at Wally Heider Studios
Albums produced by Andrew Sandoval
Willie Rae (born 16 June 1924) is a Scottish footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s. Rae played junior football for Petershill before joining Rangers in 1945. They played in 131 league matches for Rangers before moving to Queen of the South in 1956.
References
Petershill F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Queen of the South F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Scottish footballers
Possibly living people
Association football wing halves
1924 births
Footballers from Glasgow
Weber is an unincorporated community in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located at the junction of Isanti County Road 12 (Jodrell Street NE) and Isanti County Road 47 (279th Avenue NE).
Weber is located within Oxford Township and North Branch Township. The North Branch of the Sunrise River flows from west to east, a quarter mile north of Weber. Nearby places include North Branch, Stacy, Isanti, and Cambridge.
Local business establishments include Jumpin Jacks Bar. Formerly it was the site of the Weber Store. St. John's Lutheran Church (LCMS) is located about 1500 feet north of the junction of 12 and 47.
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
Larry Carlton is a guitarist.
Lawrence or Larry Carlton may also refer to:
Larry Carlton (album)
Lawrence K. Karlton, American judge
Murighiol (Independența from 1983 to 1996) is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of seven villаges:
Murighiol
Plopul (formerly Beibudzac)
Colina ()
Dunavățu de Jos ()
Dunavățu de Sus ()
Sarinasuf
Uzlina
At the 2011 census, 94.6% of the inhabitants were Romanians, 4.5% Ukrainians and 0.4% Turks.
The commune's name is of Turkish origin: moru ("violet") and göl ("lake") compounded to mean "violet lake".
The archaeological site of Halmyris is located near the village of Murighiol. Halmyris was a Roman legionary fort from the 1st–4th centuries CE. It is currently under excavation.
References
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Magnetic Video Corporation was a home video/home audio duplication service that operated between 1968 and 1982.
History
Magnetic Video Corporation was established by the co-founder Andre Blay, an American film producer in 1968 with Leon Nicholson and was based in Farmington Hills, Michigan. In 1977, it became the first corporation to release theatrical motion pictures onto Betamax and VHS videocassette for consumer use. (Cartridge Television, Inc. preceded it in 1972 when it introduced the Avco Cartrivision home VCR with a line of major motion pictures available for rent on the Cartrivision videocassette format. Cartrivision went off the market thirteen months after its debut.)
Magnetic Video is notable for its contribution to the birth of the modern-day home video empire and the birth of video rental systems. In the fall of 1977, Blay came up with the idea to release pre-recorded motion pictures on videocassette. That year, they convinced 20th Century Fox, which was then in financial difficulty, to license fifty of their films for home video release in VHS and Betamax formats. Blay also established the Video Club of America in order to sell the titles directly to consumers by mail.
That same year, George Atkinson bought one Betamax and one VHS copy of each of the first 50 movie titles from Magnetic Video that were then being sold to the public and established the Video Station rental company from a storefront in Los Angeles. They charged $50 for an "annual membership" and $100 for a "lifetime membership," which provided the opportunity to rent the videos for $10 a day. This and similar video stores were a success, and Magnetic Video took off, adding titles from the following companies in the next four years, in addition to continuing to release original titles from Fox:
1978: Viacom, RBC Films/The Charles Chaplin estate, and AVCO Embassy Pictures
1979: Brut Productions, Bill Burrud Productions, and Pathé newsreels
1980: ABC Pictures, ITC (Magnetic's first release from ITC was The Muppet Movie), and American Film Theatre
1981: United Artists (including pre-1950 Warner Bros. films which were owned by UA at that time), in addition to establishing short-lived sports and laserdisc divisions.
The Magnetic Video project was such a success that it soon came over to the United Kingdom as "Magnetic Video UK" in 1978. Not long after, Magnetic Video branched into Australia, trading under "Magnetic Video Australia".
In March 1979, Fox purchased Magnetic Video, which was a small OTC traded public company (Blay was a major shareholder and Chairman). In January 1982, shortly after Blay's departure from the company, Fox reorganized Magnetic Video into 20th Century-Fox Video. Around the same time, Magnetic Video began to issue films in laserdisc format. Later that same year, Fox merged its video operations with CBS Video Enterprises, resulting in the creation of CBS/Fox Video on June 18, 1982.
Magnetic Video Corporation famously opened its video releases with an animation of their logo and the words "MAGNETIC VIDEO CORPORATION" repeatedly scrolling upwards and mirrored in the background, and an announcement would come over the mellow guitar and horn music playing:
"By special arrangement with (movie studio name), Magnetic Video Corporation is proud to offer the following major motion picture on videocassette."
Entertainment companies established in 1968
1982 disestablishments in Michigan
American companies disestablished in 1982
Defunct companies based in Michigan
Home video companies of the United States
20th Century Studios
Companies based in Oakland County, Michigan
1968 establishments in Michigan
American companies established in 1968
Club Honor y Patria was an Argentine football club sited in Bernal, Greater Buenos Aires. The institution was the first club from that city to have played in Primera División, the first level of Argentine football league system, although it lasted only one season in the division.
Other clubs from Bernal (such as Club Bernal and Estudiantes) played at intermediate divisions.
History
The club was established on May 1, 1911, with a football team formed by Italian immigrants that had arrived to Bernal from La Boca and nicknamed los Isleños. The club had its field in the intersection of Tacuarí and Cramer streets, adopting the blue and red as its colors, playing with a vertical stripes jersey.
In 1922 Honor y Patria registered with Asociación Amateurs de Football, a dissident body that had been established in 1919 to organise its own championships.
In 1926, Honor y Patria won its first official title, División Intermedia (Second Division) championship after beating San Telmo in a three games series. The team had finished 1st of Section B, with 14 victories over 16 games played while San Telmo had finished 1st of Section A, with a record of 15–18. On January 16, 1927, Honor y Patria defeated San Telmo by 2–1 in the third game played at River Plate stadium, after the previous matches ended in a tie (1–1 and 0–0). The line-up that won the championship was: Tauziet; J.Denda, González; Rizzone, Devescui, Aragón; N. Denda, Tizano, Olivari, Pendola, Figueroa. González scored both goals for Honor y Patria.
Nevertheless, the squad did not promote to Primera División due to both associations merged in 1927. Therefore, Honor y Patria remained in the second division until 1929 when the team achieved promotion to Primera after winning the championship. The team finished with 31 points in 20 games played, with 12 wins, 7 draws and only 1 loss. The squad scored 34 goals and conceded 14. The line-up v. Liberal Argentino in the last fixture of the tournament was: E. Tomero; V. González, E.G allini; R. Aragón, D. Bataglini, J. Figueroa; R. Calichio, J. Olivari, J.R. Angelini, A. Scotti, D.Tizzano.
Honor y Patria made a very poor campaign in its first season in Primera, being relegated (along with Club Argentino del Sud) after finishing 35 of 36 teams. The team only won 4 games over 35 played, with 30 goals scored and 91 conceded, with some smashing losses to Quilmes (0–6), River Plate (0–5), Racing (1–4), Sportivo Buenos Aires (1–6) and Gimnasia y Esgrima (LP) (1–5). However, the largest defeat came at the hands of Boca Juniors which smashed Honor y Patria by 9–1 on March 29, 1931, with 7 goals scored by Roberto Cherro, becoming the first and only Boca Juniors played to have scored that number of goals in a single match.
After finishing last in the 1934 Primera B championship, Honor y Patria disaffiliated from the Association. It is believed that the club folded soon after.
Honours
División Intermedia (1): 1926 AAm
Primera B (1): 1929
Notes
References
H
H
H
Marie Rachel Eudoxie Bouffa (Comblain-au-Pont, 19 January 1882 – Ravensbrück, 1 February 1945) was a member of the Belgian resistance during World War II and recognized as Righteous Among the Nations.
Biography
Marie Rachel Bouffa was the daughter of Nicolas Joseph Adolphe and Clarisse Catherine Josèphe Antoine.
In 1942, single and 58 years old, Bouffa owned and operated a guest house called "la Ferme de la Chapelle" (The Farm of the Chapel), which was a part of their large estate in Belgium. On September 15 of that year, an emissary was sent by the command of Belgium's Secret Army to their community, La Reid, near Liege, to set up a local group to resist the occupying German forces. Bouffa, who was not Jewish, became the first member on 1 December 1942.
Bouffa helped a variety of people fleeing oppression. They were known to shelter resistance fighters, those fleeing compulsory labor, escaped prisoners and downed Allied airmen, all being hunted down by the enemy. In addition to providing a safe hiding place, they provided false documents and helped identify an escape route. They also distributed works by the underground press, transmitted military intelligence and stored arms and ammunition.
Beginning in August 1942, Bouffa also hid, for two years, a Jewish family, the seven members of the Sluchny family, who had fled their home in Antwerp, Belgium after authorities began deporting the Jews living there.
The family was living with Bouffa when, one day, a neighbor told them that the Gestapo were on their way to search the premises. They quickly moved the Sluchnys to a neighboring village, Queue-du-Bois and, after the immediate danger had passed, they had the family returned to their protection, living in a building behind a large wall on their estate.
On 17 February 1944 another surprise search took place. The Jewish family managed to escape the raid, moving on to other hiding places, but Bouffa was caught and arrested by the Gestapo.
Bouffa was deported to a concentration camp for women in northern Germany, Ravensbrück, where they were executed on 1 February 1945.
Recognition
On 30 July 2008 Yad Vashem recognized them as "Eudoxie Bouffa" as Righteous Among the Nations, which is recognition given to "non-Jews who took great risks to save Jews during the Holocaust."
References
1882 births
1945 deaths
Belgian activists
Belgian women activists
Belgian Righteous Among the Nations
Belgian people executed by Nazi Germany
Belgian resistance members
Resistance members who died in Nazi concentration camps
Resistance members killed by Nazi Germany
Jane Boyd (born 20 June 1953) is a British artist.  They are best known for their work in light-based installation and drawing and has been exhibiting internationally since 1986. Boyd was the first woman to be elected Fellow Commoner in Creative Arts, a two-year fellowship (1981–83) awarded by Trinity College, Cambridge. Them work is represented in a number of public collections including the Victoria & Albert Museum,<ref>{{cite web|title= Heavenly Messengers I'' from the V&A's collections|url= https://collections.vam.ac.uk/item/O203872/heavenly-messengers-i-drawing-boyd-jane/|website= collections.vam.ac.uk|accessdate= 15 December 2017}}</ref> the Gibberd Gallery and the British Museum.
Career
Boyd won The Shell Waterloo Painting 1981 prize, a major competitive commission awarded by Shell UK to produce a painting measuring 3 m x 10 m for exhibition above the South Bank exit of London Waterloo station. Filmed by the BBC throughout its progress in the studio and on site, the result was a large canvas entitled Generation of Alternatives. The same year they exhibited in Summer Show 1, along with Andrew Darke, Andy Goldsworthy and Steve Joy at the Serpentine Gallery, London. Boyd concentrated on colour field painting until 1990 when ideas concerning the interdependence of time, memory and consciousness demanded a new medium able to express the inherent temporal nature of these concepts. Light itself would replace paint while in the drawings, charcoal dust would become the primary medium.
Beginning with the series, Water Course i–iii (1993) using plaster dust, mirror and projected light, Boyd's installations would experiment with refraction and reflection. In 1995, Boyd exhibited To the Warder of Things Present, a solo exhibition at Stichting de Achterstraat, Hoorn, Netherlands.
In 1999 they exhibited Out of Bounds in May Show at the British School at Rome. Also that year, in No Added Sugar, a group show with Kate Davis and Terry Smith curated by Roberto Annecchini at Change Studio d'Arte Contemporanea, Boyd exhibited It was Today and in Grottesche curated by Domenico Scudero they exhibited Gathering Worlds at Ex-chiesa di S. Stefano, Tivoli. Boyd's site-specific installation, Chancing the Circle (1999) was installed in the Pantheon, Rome in May 1999.
One example of their use of natural light and mirror is Perfect Stranger (2000), which explores, at a particular moment, the sense of place contained within the surfaces and cavities of a moulded ceiling. Boyd exhibited with Tessa Garland in Seeing Things (2004), a group show at Newlyn Art Gallery, Cornwall. Boyd's Living Memory (1988) Artspace Sydney, Australia and Grounded in Time 1989 University of Surrey Guildford, UK are examples of solo exhibitions which featured large-scale drawing installations. Boyd's work, Water Haulage iii (1991) was selected for the 10th Cleveland International Drawing Biennale (1991).
In conclusion of a Residency at the Warburg Institute, University of London, Boyd exhibited two works Double Volume (2001) and Palindrome (2001), a transcription of Las Meninas (1656) by Diego Velázquez. In 2006 Boyd returned to the University of London as Leverhulme Trust Research Fellow to engage in a new work entitled Concrete Liaisons (2006), a major light-based installation for the facades of Senate House Tower, Malet Street London. In 2011 they were appointed Brown Foundation Fellow, a fellowship programme administered by the Museum of Fine Arts Houston at Dora Maar House, Ménerbes, France. Boyd's installation Vacant Possession (2011) was sited on the ground floor of former home of surrealist photographer Dora Maar.
Honours and awards
2011 Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts
2011 Brown Foundation Fellow at the Dora Maar House, Ménerbes
2006 Leverhulme Trust Research Fellowship
2001 Leverhulme Trust Artist-in-Residence at The Warburg Institute, University of London
1998 Abbey Rome Fellow at the British School at Rome 1999
1981–83 Fellow Commoner in Creative Arts Trinity College, Cambridge
1980–81 Shell Waterloo Painting 1981 commissioned by Shell UK
1978 ACGB Arts Council Fine Arts Award in Painting
Major works
Generation of Alternatives (Shell Waterloo Painting, 1981)
Out of Bounds (British School at Rome, 1999)
Chancing the Circle (British School at Rome, 1999)
Palindrome (Warburg Institute, University of London, 2001)
Double Volume (Warburg Institute, University of London, 2001)
Concrete Liaisons (Senate House Tower, London, 2006)
Vacant Possession (Dora Maar House, 2011)
Public collections
2005 – The New Hall Art Collection, Murray Edwards College, Cambridge
2004 – British Library, London
2000 – Prints and Drawings Collection, British Museum, London
1994 – Usher Gallery, Lincolnshire County Council
1993 – Prints and Drawings Collection Victoria & Albert Museum, London
1981 – Gibberd Gallery – run by Harlow art trust (HAT) since 2011
Publications
Jane Boyd, Waterways drawings 1990–1992'', forward Felix Villanueva, 1992
Notes
External links
1953 births
Living people
Artists from London
Alumni of Camberwell College of Arts
Alumni of the University of the Arts London
British women artists
Vilina Vlas was a rape camp active during the Bosnian War. It served as one of the main detention facilities where Bosniak civilian prisoners were beaten, tortured and murdered and the women raped by prison guards during the Višegrad massacres in the Bosnian War of the 1990s. It is located about four kilometers north-east of Višegrad, in the village of Višegradska Banja.
After the war, Vilina Vlas was re-opened as a tourist facility. The local authorities have actively opposed a memorial and suppressed mention of their atrocities in the once primarily Muslim region.
The camp
In 1992 the concentration and rape camp at the Vilina Vlas hotel was one of the Višegrad area's main detention facilities. It was established by the Uzice Corps at the end of April 1992 and played a significant role in the ethnic cleansing of the area's non-Serb population. The hotel served as a camp "brothel". Bosniak women and girls, including many not yet 14 years old, were brought to the camp by police officers and members of the paramilitary groups the White Eagles and Arkan's and Vojislav Šešelj's men.
Milan Lukić, leader of a local group of paramilitaries referred to variously as the White Eagles, the Avengers or the Wolves, established their headquarters at the Vilina Vlas Hotel, one of various locations where local Bosniaks were detained. The group, with ties to the local police and Serb military units, played a prominent role in the ethnic cleansing of Višegrad, committing numerous crimes including murder, rape, torture, beatings, looting and destruction of property.
Many rapes in the Višegrad area were allegedly perpetrated in an apparently systematic fashion. Reports to the United Nations Commission of Experts to the Security Council (the Bassiouni Commission) state that victims were rounded up and transported to places like Vilina Vlas and the Hotel Višegrad apparently for the purpose of being detained and raped.
One report to the Bassiouni Commission estimated that 200 women, primarily Bosniak, were detained at Vilina Vlas and sexually assaulted. The hotel was known as a place where only young, beautiful women were detained and in testimony given to the Bassiouni Commission it is claimed that women brought to this camp had been chosen to bear "Chetnik" children and were "selected" carefully. It was claimed that younger girls were taken to the hotel while older women were taken to other locations, such as occupied or abandoned houses, and raped. The number and consistency of the reports were considered to provide reasonable confirmation that a large number of rapes did in fact occur at the hotel.
The prisoners were raped repeatedly and beaten with batons. Many of the women were killed while others were exiled, became insane or took their own lives. Only a handful of the women prisoners survived – fewer than ten according to the Association of Women Victims of War, an organisation which works with women survivors and campaigns for the prosecution of the perpetrators. Most of the women prisoners were either killed or took their own lives. The bodies of the victims have not been found and are alleged to have been buried in concealed locations and then reburied.
During the Sjeverin massacre, 16 Bosniaks were abducted by Milan Lukić while travelling on a bus from Serbia to Bosnia and were taken to Vilina Vlas, where they were tortured and murdered.
The camp was eventually closed once its existence became known outside Bosnia and the surviving detainees removed to an unknown fate.
Trials
Milan Lukić was found guilty of having executing detainees kept at the camp. They were not charged with rape despite them being well documented. The President of the Association of Women Victims of War, Bakira Hasečić, has severely criticised the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at The Hague for failing to include rape among the charges against Milan Lukić when they were brought to trial. One woman survivor reported Lukić raping them several times while they were a prisoner at the hotel.
Oliver Krsmanović was charged with the rape and grave sexual abuse of female Bosniak detainees at Vilina Vlas as well as for the massacre of 70 Bosniaks in the village of Bikavac.
Risto Perišić, Chief of Police and Crisis Staff member, is alleged to have aided in the torture, rape, and execution of detainees at Vilina Vlas. Duško Andrić, the director of Vilina Vlas, was reported as having been one of the perpetrators of rape at the hotel. Duško Andrić is a pensioner still living in Višegrad. They have never been charged with any offenses.
Art and culture
A stay at Vilina Vlas during a visit to Višegrad inspired the Australian performance artist Kym Vercoe's work "seven kilometres north-east: A performance about geography, tourism and atrocity". In 2013 a film by Jasmila Žbanić and Kym Vercoe For Those Who Can Tell No Tales was released. It shows how the horrific crimes committed against women in Vilina Vlas are being swept under the carpet even today, as the perpetrators remain unpunished and the hotel operates as if nothing had happened.
See also
Bosnian Genocide
Milan Lukić
Bakira Hasečić
Dretelj camp
Gabela camp
Heliodrom camp
Keraterm camp
Manjača camp
Omarska camp
Trnopolje camp
Uzamnica camp
Vojno camp
References
External links
Final Report of the Commission of Experts Established Pursuant to Security Council Resolution 780 (1992) (United Nations Security Council S/1994/674 - 27 May 1994) - Annex VIII - part 1/10 Prison camps - 85. Visegrad (includes section on Vilina Vlas)
UNHCR Convention on Civil and Political Rights - Human Rights Committee Document CCPR/C/89, dated 27 April 1993, Bosnia and Herzegovina Report (extensive documentation of war crimes committed in Višegrad and surrounding areas)
"THE RAPES IN BOSNIA: A BOSNIAC SCHOOLGIRL'S ACCOUNT" by Peter Maass, in The Washington Post, December 27, 1992
"Visegrad Rape Victims Say Their Cries Go Unheard" by Nidzara Ahmetasevic, Nerma Jelacic and Selma Boracic – Institute for War and Peace Reporting Balkan Insight, 18 October 2006 (BIRN report on the ICTY's failure to bring charges in relation to the use of the Vilina Vlas spa hotel as a rape camp)
International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia Latest Developments (link to Press Kit for Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic proceedings)
"Lukic Murdered 410 Bosniaks and One Serb!" by Edina KAMENICA, in Oslobodjenje (Sarajevo), March 22, 2001 (report of "Merjem"'s experience at Vilina Vlas ; in collection of 2001 articles from Oslobodjenje).
"Abduction" B92 programme by Veran Matic (transcript of television report on the abduction of a group of Bosniak men from Sjeverin who were detained at Vilina Vlas before being executed on the orders of Milan Lukic).
"Vilina Vlas, The Fairy's Hair", TV documentary about the Vilina Vlas rapings by Sotiris Danezis for the "Warzone" programme (Mega Channel, Greece) (in Greek).
People & Power - Bosnia's broken promises (Al-Jazeera).
Jasmina Ahmetspahic (28.01.1968 – 14.06.1992)
1992 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnian genocide
Serbian concentration camps in the Yugoslav Wars
Wartime sexual violence
Serbian war crimes in the Bosnian War
Bosnian War internment camps
Amino acid dating is a dating technique used to estimate the age of a specimen in paleobiology, molecular paleontology, archaeology, forensic science, taphonomy, sedimentary geology and other fields. This technique relates changes in amino acid molecules to the time elapsed since they were formed.
All biological tissues contain amino acids. All amino acids except glycine (the simplest one) are optically active, having a stereocenter at their α-C atom. This means that the amino acid can have two different configurations, "D" or "L" which are mirror images of each other. With a few important exceptions, living organisms keep all their amino acids in the "L" configuration. When an organism dies, control over the configuration of the amino acids ceases, and the ratio of D to L moves from a value near 0 towards an equilibrium value near 1, a process called racemization. Thus, measuring the ratio of D to L in a sample enables one to estimate how long ago the specimen died.
Factors affecting racemization
The rate at which racemization proceeds depends on the type of amino acid and on the average temperature, humidity, acidity (pH), and other characteristics of the enclosing matrix. Also, D/L concentration thresholds appear to occur as sudden decreases in the rate of racemization. These effects restrict amino acid chronologies to materials with known environmental histories and/or relative intercomparisons with other dating methods.
Temperature and humidity histories of microenvironments are being produced at ever increasing rates as technologies advance and technologists accumulate data. These are important for amino acid dating because racemization occurs much faster in warm, wet conditions compared to cold, dry conditions. Temperate to cold region studies are much more common than tropical studies, and the steady cold of the ocean floor or the dry interior of bones and shells have contributed most to the accumulation of racemization dating data. As a rule of thumb, sites with a mean annual temperature of 30 °C have a maximum range of 200 ka and resolution of about 10 ka; sites at 10 °C have a maximum age range of ~2 Ma, and resolution generally about 20% of the age; at -10 °C the reaction has a maximum age of ~10 Ma, and a correspondingly coarser resolution.
Strong acidity and mild to strong alkalinity induce greatly increased racemization rates. Generally, they are not assumed to have a great impact in the natural environment, though tephrochronological data may shed new light on this variable.
The enclosing matrix is probably the most difficult variable in amino acid dating. This includes racemization rate variation among species and organs, and is affected by the depth of decomposition, porosity, and catalytic effects of local metals and minerals.
Amino acids used
Conventional racemization analysis tends to report a D-alloisoleucine / L-isoleucine (A/I or D/L ratio). This amino acid ratio has the advantages of being relatively easy to measure and being chronologically useful through the Quaternary.
Reversed phase HPLC techniques can measure up to 9 amino acids useful in geochronology over different time scales on a single chromatogram (aspartic acid, glutamic acid, serine, alanine, arginine, tyrosine, valine, phenylalanine, leucine).
In recent years there have been successful efforts to examine intra-crystalline amino acids separately as they have been shown to improve results in some cases.
Applications
Data from the geochronological analysis of amino acid racemization has been building for thirty-five years. Archeology, stratigraphy, oceanography, paleogeography, paleobiology, and paleoclimatology have been particularly affected. Their applications include dating correlation, relative dating, sedimentation rate analysis, sediment transport studies, conservation paleobiology, taphonomy and time-averaging, sea level determinations, and thermal history reconstructions.
Paleobiology and archaeology have also been strongly affected. Bone, shell, and sediment studies have contributed much to the paleontological record, including that relating to hominoids. Verification of radiocarbon and other dating techniques by amino acid racemization and vice versa has occurred. The 'filling in' of large probability ranges, such as with radiocarbon reservoir effects, has sometimes been possible. Paleopathology and dietary selection, paleozoogeography and indigeneity, taxonomy and taphonomy, and DNA viability studies abound. The differentiation of cooked from uncooked bone, shell, and residue is sometimes possible. Human cultural changes and their effects on local ecologies have been assessed using this technique.
The slight reduction in this repair capability during aging is important to studies of longevity and old age tissue breakdown disorders, and allows the determination of age of living animals.
Amino acid racemization also has a role in tissue and protein degradation studies, particularly useful in developing museum preservation methods. These have produced models of protein adhesive and other biopolymer deteriorations and the concurrent pore system development.
Forensic science can use this technique to estimate the age of a cadaver or an objet d'art to determine authenticity.
Procedure
Amino acid racemization analysis consists of sample preparation, isolation of the amino acid wanted, and measure of its D:L ratio. Sample preparation entails the identification, raw extraction, and separation of proteins into their constituent amino acids, typically by grinding followed by acid hydrolysis. The amino acid derivative hydrolysis product can be combined with a chiral specific fluorescent, separated by chromatography or electrophoresis, and the particular amino acid D:L ratio determined by fluorescence. Alternatively, the particular amino acid can be separated by chromatography or electrophoresis, combined with a metal cation, and the D:L ratio determined by mass spectrometry. Chromatographic and electrophoretic separation of proteins and amino acids is dependent upon molecular size, which generally corresponds to molecular weight, and to a lesser extent upon shape and charge.
References
External links
Active laboratories
Northern Arizona University Amino Acid Geochronology Laboratory
University of Massachusetts Amino Acid Geochronology Laboratory
The University of Colorado Amino Acid Geochronology Lab
University of Delaware Research Group
University of York BioArCh
Madrid School of Mines Biomolecular Stratigraphy Laboratory
Dating methods
Geochronological dating methods
Ketnetpop is a series of pop concerts organized and performed by former candidates from the Belgian preselections of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. The first edition which consisted of three concerts took place in April 2008; a second edition was held in April 2009, and a third edition in April 2010.
All concerts were performed in the Zuiderkroon in Antwerp. The Flanders children's television station Ketnet broadcasts both the preparations and the eventual concert.
The first concerts in April 2008 were such a success, that an extra concert was given in addition to the three planned ones on June 29, 2008.
References
Sources
External links
Ketnetpop on Ketnet.be (in Dutch)
Xerius Ketnetpop website (in Dutch)
Zuiderkroon Ketnetpop website (in Dutch)
Concerts
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Music festivals established in 2008
Gennady Veniaminovich Bessonov (, born 28 April 1954) is a retired Russian heavyweight weightlifter who won world titles in 1977 and 1979. In 1981 they set three world records: one in the snatch and two in the clean and jerk. They retired in 1983 due to progressing back and hip injuries and became a police officer in their native Shakhty. In 1991 they graduated from the National Internal Affairs Academy, and from 1994 to 2005 headed a police department in Rostov Oblast. They retired from the police force in 2005 in the rank of colonel, and after that worked for the Shakhty City Administration.
References
1954 births
Living people
Russian male weightlifters
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
People from Shakhty
Sportspeople from Rostov Oblast
20th-century Russian people
21st-century Russian people
Jay Cloidt (born October 5, 1949) is an American composer, performer, sound designer, and audio engineer.
History
Cloidt received their BA in piano performance from the University of Nebraska and their MFA in Electronic Music and the Recording Media from Mills College Center for Contemporary Music in 1981, studying with Robert Ashley and David Behrman.
As a sound designer, they have worked with many groups in the San Francisco Bay Area, including the Kronos Quartet and the Margaret Jenkins Dance Company. Cloidt's work on the Paul Dresher Ensemble's production of Slow Fire won a Bay Area Critics Circle Award, and they received an Isadora Duncan Award in 1989 with Rinde Eckert for the sound design of Eckert's Dry Land Divine.
As a composer, Cloidt has been commissioned by such organizations as the Gary Palmer Dance Company, the Paul Dresher Ensemble, the Margaret Jenkins Dance Company, and the Kronos Quartet, for whom they have written three pieces. Their music typically uses electronics, is technically sophisticated, and often contains humor. The San Francisco Chronicle has called Cloidt "The Spike Jones of the Bay Area new music scene." Their music has been performed at the Venice Biennale, New Music America, and Lincoln Center.
Their solo CD Kole Kat Krush was released by Starkland. All-Music Guide awarded the CD four stars and wrote that the CD is “a wonderful, accessible, and yet challenging album from one of new music's brightest lights.” Stereophile also awarded the CD four stars, describing Cloidt as "one of the few composers in the post-sampler era to fully develop that tool's fascinating and witty potential." Other recordings appear on the MinMax label. In 1999, they also composed music for Leapfrog until 2009 ish.
On October 20, 2017, a retrospective concert and celebration of Cloidt's works - "The Music of Jay Cloidt" - was performed at UC Berkeley's Hertz Concert Hall. Featuring Bay-area musicians and performing artists, the concert included works for the Sather Tower carillon, the Eco Ensemble String Quartet, solo piano, a “duet for pianist and piano” with interactive electronics, and music from the music theater work Darc: Woman on fire for singer and cellist.
Discography
Kole Kat Krush
Spectral Evidence
D'Arc: woman on fire
References
Starkland (1999). Main notes. In Kole Kat Krush (p. 4) [CD liner notes]. Boulder, CO: Starkland.
Biography at Paul Dresher Ensemble website
External links
Golden, Barbara. “Conversation with Jay Cloidt.” eContact! 12.2 — Interviews (2) (April 2010). Montréal: CEC.
1949 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
University of Nebraska–Lincoln alumni
Male classical composers
20th-century male musicians
Bearsville is a hamlet in Ulster County, New York, United States, in the town of Woodstock. It is located along New York State Route 212, within Catskill State Park and just to the west of the hamlet of Woodstock.
Bearsville was named not for the numerous local black bears, but for German peddler and storekeeper Christian Baehr, who built a store on the Sawkill Creek in 1839. Places of interest in Bearsville, or named for it, include Bearsville Records and Bearsville Studios, and The Bearsville Theater and restaurant complex.
The Bearsville post office (ZIP Code 12409) also covers the adjoining hamlets of Shady, and Wittenberg.
The highest known temperature in Bearsville was , which occurred in 1995. The lowest temperature was , recorded in 1994.
References
Woodstock, New York
Hamlets in Ulster County, New York
The 2011 Supersport World Championship was the thirteenth FIM Supersport World Championship season—the fifteenth taking into account the two held under the name of Supersport World Series. The season began on 27 February at Phillip Island and ended on 16 October at Portimão after twelve rounds.
With reigning champion Kenan Sofuoğlu moving to Moto2, Eugene Laverty and Joan Lascorz moving up to the Superbike World Championship, Chaz Davies emerged as the season winner, despite their bad start in the first round.
Race calendar and results
The provisional race schedule was publicly announced by FIM on 7 October 2010 with eleven confirmed rounds and two other rounds pending confirmation. Having been announced as a venue from 2011 onwards in May 2010, Motorland Aragon replaced Kyalami on the calendar, while Donington Park returned to the championship, hosting the European round. Imola was confirmed in November 2010, but Miller Motorsports Park was dropped to finalise a 12-round calendar.
Championship standings
Riders' standings
Manufacturers' standings
Entry list
All entries used Pirelli tyres.
References
External links
World
Supersport World Championship seasons
Lise Van Susteren (born March 7, 1951) is an American psychiatrist, commentator, author and environmental activist.
Van Susteren has founded several national organizations to raise public awareness of climate change and to advocate for environmental policies.
Background
Van Susteren received their medical degree in 1982 from the University of Paris. They interned at the Hospital St. Anne and the American Hospital of Paris and at Hospital Tokoin in Lomé, Togo. They completed their residency training in psychiatry at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington, D.C. Van Susteren is board certified in general and forensic psychiatry. They have worked as an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at Georgetown University Department of Psychiatry, and as a consultant to the Central Intelligence Agency. conducting psychological assessments of world leaders, and at community mental health centers in the metropolitan Washington, D.C., area.
Van Susteren is a volunteer with Physicians for Human Rights., evaluating and testifying on behalf of torture victims seeking political asylum in the United States. They have been a volunteer reader for the Metropolitan Washington Ear., an organization that records written material for the blind, and as a volunteer provider at homeless shelters, for victims of Hurricane Katrina, and the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In 1984, Van Susteren co-founded The Friends of St. Elizabeths., a nonprofit organization dedicated to the humane treatment of the mentally ill and the historic preservation of St. Elizabeths Hospital.
Climate change activism
In 2006, former Vice President Al Gore trained Van Susteren at The Climate Project to educate the public about climate change. They were named to the board of directors of The Climate Project in 2009. Van Susteren speaks frequently to civic, educational, religious, labor, and environmental groups about the impacts of climate change, particularly the health impacts, in the Washington, D.C., area, nationally, and abroad. In 2009, they organized the first conference to focus on the psychological impacts of climate change. They co-authored “The Psychological Effects of Global Warming on the United States: And Why the U.S. Health Care System is Not Adequately Prepared”.
Van Susteren serves on the boards of Earth Day Network, Physicians for Social Responsibility, ecoAmerica, Chesapeake Climate Action Network, and Climate Mobilization.  They are a past member of the boards of the Center for Health and the Global Environment at Harvard University's T.H. Chan School of Public Health, and the National Wildlife Federation. They also served on the Climate Energy and Environmental Committee of the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments in Washington, DC and the Policy Advisory Board of Gender Rights Maryland.
Van Susteren is the expert witness on the psychological damages to children in the case of Juliana vs US.
Van Susteren is a co-founder of Interfaith Moral Action on Climate, a multi-faith coalition dedicated to organizing people of religion and spirituality to speak out against climate change.  They are also a co-founder of the Climate Psychiatry Alliance and the Climate Psychology Alliance, both of which are dedicated to the education of mental health professionals and the public about the impacts of climate disruption on our mental health and the need for systemic change to address the threat to public health.
Van Susteren ran for the US Senate seat in Maryland held by retiring Senator Paul Sarbanes in the Democratic primary in 2006.
Van Susteren is the founder and CEO of “Lucky Planet Foods,” a company dedicated to providing low-carbon, plant-based, healthy foods for sustainable living.
Publications
In 2020, Van Susteren released a book, Emotional Inflammation: Discover Your Triggers and Reclaim Your Equilibrium During Anxious Times, to speak to the feelings of anxiety people have experienced due to the Coronavirus-19 pandemic of 2020–2021.
They co-authored the 2013 piece, “Assessing ‘Dangerous Climate Change': Required Reduction of Carbon Emissions to Protect Young People, Future Generations and Nature”, open access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Public Library of Science with Dr. James Hansen as the principal author.
Van Susteren has contributed an article to the British Journal of Psychiatry in 2018, where they wrote an opinion piece titled “The Psychological Impacts of the Climate Crisis: A Call to Action”.
Van Susteren has written chapters for books such as Health of People and Planet: Our Responsibility, where they speak about the psychological impacts of climate change and recommendations for solutions in their chapter “The Global Climate Crisis: Psychological Aspects”, which was published in May 2020 by Springer Publishing,. Van Susteren has also contributed to the book titled: The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump, writing a chapter titled “The Age of Thanatos: Environmental Consequences of the Trump Presidency”.
Van Susteren is a frequent commentator on television and published a blog at the Huffington Post. They hosted a weekly radio segment on WTNT (AM)-570's The Paul Berry Show called The Doctor Is In. Them publications in professional journals include articles on the Insanity Defense, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Psychiatric Abandonment.
Family
Van Susteren's father, Urban Van Susteren, was an elected judge in Appleton, Wisconsin.
They have two siblings: Dirk Van Susteren, a journalist, and broadcast journalist Greta Van Susteren.
Van Susteren's husband is Jonathan Kempner, president emeritus of TIGER 21. They were a Harvard Advance Leadership Initiative Fellow in 2019. They have three daughters.
References
American forensic psychiatrists
Maryland Democrats
People from Bethesda, Maryland
Politicians from Appleton, Wisconsin
Living people
University of Paris alumni
American expatriates in France
Women in Maryland politics
American women psychiatrists
American expatriates in Togo
1951 births
21st-century American women
HD 220466 is a F-type subgiant or main sequence star in the constellation Aquarius. It has apparent magnitude 6.47 and is about 200 light-years away. In 1913, an apparent visual companion of apparent magnitude 10.3 was observed 1.9 arcseconds away from the star, but it is doubtful whether it exists.
References
External links
Image HD 220466
Aquarius (constellation)
220466
115522
F-type subgiants
F-type main-sequence stars
Durchmusterung objects
Pannalal Barupal (6 April 1913 – 19 May 1983) was an Indian politician, Indian independence activist and a member of the Indian National Congress political party. They were member of the Lok Sabha representing Ganganagar constituency in Rajasthan state for five terms from 1952 to 1977.
They were born in Bikaner and actively participated in the non-cooperation movement and in the 1942 Quit India Movement. The Government of India issued a postage stamp in their honor on 28 April 2006.
They were founder of the reformist organisation, Meghwal Sudhar Sabha.
References
People from Bikaner
Rajasthani politicians
Indian independence activists from Rajasthan
India MPs 1952–1957
India MPs 1957–1962
India MPs 1962–1967
India MPs 1967–1970
India MPs 1971–1977
1913 births
1983 deaths
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
People from Sri Ganganagar district
Indian National Congress politicians from Rajasthan
Cornelis Wilhelmus Pieter "Cor" Vriend (born 8 November 1949) is a former long-distance runner from the Netherlands, who mainly competed in the marathon. They participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for their native country; in 1980 (Moscow, 41st place) and 1984 (Los Angeles, 39th place). During the early 1980s they were overshadowed by their fellow countryman Gerard Nijboer.
Vriend twice won the Amsterdam Marathon, in 1983 and 1984. They also won the Enschede Marathon in 1981 and the Beppu-Ōita Marathon in Japan in 1984.  They are the Dutch record holder for the relatively obscure 25,000 m and 30,000 m track events, both of which they set on 22 August 1981.
Their personal best at the marathon was 2:11:41, set at the 1984 Maassluis Marathon, finishing first in the race.
Achievements
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Dutch male long-distance runners
Dutch male marathon runners
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Eindhoven
Brian Joseph Mennes (born April 26, 1966) is a United States Army major general who serves as the deputy commanding general of the XVIII Airborne Corps since August 2021. They previously served as commanding general of the 10th Mountain Division and Fort Drum from May 1, 2019 to July 12, 2021, and as director of force management of the United States Army.
Born in New Mexico, Mennes graduated from the United States Military Academy with a B.S. degree in mechanical engineering in May 1988. They later earned a Master of Military Art and Science degree from the Army Command and General Staff College.
In June 2021, Mennes was nominated for promotion to lieutenant general. Until their nomination is confirmed, Mennes has been assigned as deputy commanding general of the XVIII Airborne Corps, replacing the nomination previously filled by Xavier T. Brunson, who become deputy commanding general of I Corps instead. On September 20, 2021, Mennes' nomination and recommendation for promotion were withdrawn.
References
1966 births
Living people
United States Military Academy alumni
Military personnel from New Mexico
United States Army Rangers
United States Army personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
The Batsch affair was an 1872 diplomatic incident between Haiti and Germany and an example of gunboat diplomacy.
During the Franco-Prussian war, the Haitians openly showed their sympathy for France, which displeased Germany. After Germany prevailed in the war, Captain , of the frigate , arrived at Port-au-Prince on June 11, 1872, under the pretext of demanding the payment of £3,000 on behalf of two subjects of the German Empire. Without warning Batsch took possession of the two Haitian men-of-war, which, not expecting such an aggression, were lying at anchor in the harbor and unable to make the slightest resistance. Indignant at this attack, the Haitian people—in the words of poet Oswald Durand—"threw the money to the Germans as one would cast a bone to a dog." Batsch took the amount, gave back the two men-of-war, and left Port-au-Prince. But Germany's actions caused long-lived resentment.
See also
Lüders affair
References
Diplomatic incidents
Germany–Haiti relations
Franco-Prussian War
1870s in Haiti
Dănciulești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bibulești, Dănciulești, Hălăngești, Obârșia, Petrăchei, Rădinești and Zăicoiu.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Ebrahim "Biboy" Lopez Enguio (born January 31, 1988) is a Filipino-Indonesian professional basketball player who plays for the Muntinlupa Cagers of the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League (MPBL). They played college basketball for the UE Red Warriors in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP).
Early life
Ebrahim Lopez Enguio was born on January 31, 1988 in Alabang, Muntinlupa, Philippines.  They are of Filipino and Indonesian descent. Their father, a Manado-native is an Indonesian citizen while their mother is of native Filipino descent.
College career
As the youngest of six children, they claimed that their uncle taught them how to play basketball. Enguio's basketball career began at age 13 when they were in high school and played for a school team in Manila. It was then continued until they went to college and played for the University of the East Red Warriors in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP).
Amateur career
After their career in the UAAP, They also played in the PBA Developmental League with the Cobra Energy Drink Iron Men and Boracay Rhum Waves (now Tanduay Light Rhum Masters) before moving to Indonesia.
Professional career
NBL Indonesia
Aspac Jakarta
Enguio debuted in NBL Indonesia (currently Indonesian Basketball League) with Aspac Jakarta. At that time, they were predicted to be one of the best rookies in the league besides Ramot Gemilang who played for Satya Wancana. Enguio has been known to dunk in games. They did it for the first time at the Solo Series III while they dunked in the Series IV three times. In Series IV Bandung, they did an alley-oop dunk twice which was very rare in basketball games in Indonesia. In one of their games as a rookie, they recorded a double-double with 31 points, 10 rebounds, 1 assist and 3 blocks.
Return to the PBA D-League
Tanduay Light Rhum Masters
Enguio signed with the PBA Developmental League team Tanduay Light Rhum Masters for the 2016 Foundation Cup.
Marinerong Pilipino
Enguio signed with the team Marinerong Pilipino for the 2017 Foundation Cup.
Citizenship
Indonesia
In 2017, Enguio acquired Indonesian citizenship, making them eligible for the Indonesia national basketball team. They were part of the Indonesian squad the garnered second place at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games. In 2017, Enguio joined the training camp for the Indonesia national basketball team for the 2017 Southeast Asian Games. They also represented Indonesia in the 2018 FIBA 3x3 World Cup. In 2021 they join NSH Mountain Gold as a local player.
Career statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
References
1988 births
Living people
Balinese people
Basketball players from Metro Manila
Filipino people of Indonesian descent
Indonesian men's basketball players
Indonesian people of Filipino descent
People from Muntinlupa
Point guards
Shooting guards
Southeast Asian Games medalists in basketball
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
UE Red Warriors men's basketball players
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League players
Blackwater Bossing draft picks
Hess Village is a pedestrianised area in the downtown of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Its streets, in contrast to other areas in Hamilton, are quite thin and restrict vehicle access. It is located between Main and King Street, and a block north west of city hall. It is home to various amenities and shops, notably nightclubs, bars, and historic buildings. It is named after Hess Street, a north-south Lower City collector street that travels through the centre of the area.
History
Hess Street is named after Peter Hess, a farmer and landowner. Peter Street in Hamilton is also named after him, as well, Caroline Street was named after one of their daughters.
Landmarks
Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South.
Canadian National Railway Yard
Hess Street Elementary School
Sir John A. Macdonald Secondary School
Ohav Zedeck Synagogue (Hess Street Synagogue)
Hess Village
55 Hess (Apartments)
Bruce Trail
Niagara Escarpment (mountain)
Communities
Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South
Central - The financial center of Hamilton, Ontario
Durand
See also
Niagara Escarpment Commission
References
MapArt Golden Horseshoe Atlas - Page 647 - Grids F11, G11, H11, J11
External links
Hess Village: Official web site - Not updated since 2005??
Durand neighbourhood Association
Bruce Trail Association
Hikes on the Bruce Trail
Google Maps: Hess Street (Hybrid)
Roads in Hamilton, Ontario
Forrayah George Warrington Nathaniel Bass (born 12 March 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a forward.
They formerly played for Bradford City, as a left back and midfielder.
Career
After playing youth football for both Leeds United and Bradford City, Bass made their senior debut for Bradford City on 18 December 2012 in the FA Cup, where they were substituted for fellow debutant Nathan Curtis during extra time.
They later played college soccer for Louisburg College and San Diego State.
Career statistics
References
1995 births
Living people
English footballers
Leeds United F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Association football forwards
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Louisburg Hurricanes men's soccer players
San Diego State Aztecs men's soccer players
The Access to Justice Act 1999 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It replaced the legal aid system in England and Wales. It created the Legal Services Commission, replacing the Legal Aid Board, and two new schemes: Community Legal Service to fund civil and family cases, and the Criminal Defence Service for criminal cases. The Act put a cap on the amount spent on civil legal aid. The use of conditional fee agreements, commonly known as "no-win no-fee", was extended to most civil court cases.
Rights of appeal
Section 54 of the Act both creates and limits rights of appeal. One effect of this, as set out in the UK Supreme Court Practice Direction 1 is "The most important general restriction on rights of appeal is section 54(4) of the Access to Justice Act 1999. The effect of this provision is that the Supreme Court may not entertain any appeal against an order of the Court of Appeal refusing permission for an appeal to the Court of Appeal from a lower court." This accords with Section 40(6) of the Constitutional Reform Act 2005.
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1999
Legal aid
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning legal services
The jibba or jibbah (, romanized: jubbā), originally referring to an outer garment, cloak or coat,) is a long coat worn by Muslim men. During the Mahdist State in Sudan at the end of the 19th century, it was the garment worn by the followers of the Mahdī (Anṣār, 'helpers'). Muhammad Ahmad proclaimed themselves al-Mahdī al-Muntaẓar (the Expected Rightly-guided One), successor of the Prophet Muhammad, in 1881. They exhorted their followers to join a jihad against the Ottoman-Egyptian occupation of Sudan.
The Mahdī decreed that all their followers should wear the patched jibba, a version of the muraqqa'a worn by Sufi mendicants, which symbolises the wearer's commitment to a religious way of life. The ascetic symbolism of the patched garment was appropriate to the Mahdist aim to restore strict Islamic standards to Sudan, which they felt had been corrupted by the appointment of European and American Christians into positions of power by the Ottoman-Egyptian government.
Background
Sufism
The patched jibba worn by the Anṣār in battle was a version of the muraqqa'a (patchwork), a garment worn by Sufi mendicants. Despite its ragged appearance, donning such a garment was an honour earned only after a Sufi initiate completed three years of learning and discipline. They were often made and given to Sufi novices by their masters, once they were considered ready to accept a life of asceticism. As this garment tore and became worn, it would be mended with patches, rather than being replaced. Muhammad Ahmad was given a patched garment upon completion of their Sufi novitiate in 1868. After they proclaimed themselves the Mahdi in 1881, they decreed that all Anṣār should wear a similar garment.
Adaptation
The Mahdist creed had two main tenets: rejection of worldliness and dedication to the jihad (holy war) declared by the Mahdī. These two values are reflected in the design of the jibba. The patches symbolised both a dedication to a religious way of life and, as the war progressed, came to denote the military rank and division of the wearer. The rule that all followers of the Mahdī should wear the jibba had the advantage of removing traditional visual markers which differentiated potentially fractious tribes, thus enforcing unity and cohesion amongst their forces.
The design of the jibba became militarised in various ways. In comparison to the asymmetric and ragged muraqqa'a, the Mahdist jibba became increasingly stylised and symmetrical. Two types of jibba emerged: the jibba worn by the Mahdist rank and file were simple in design with patches usually limited to red and blue. The jibba worn by military leaders were generally more detailed, stylised and brightly coloured. These were often decorated with a scrolled patch/pocket on the chest and embroidery to accentuate the neckline of the garment. The bright colours and detailed design of these garments meant that they were more clearly visible during battle.
After the fall of the Mahdiyya, jibba of the style worn by Mahdist leaders in battle were worn generally by Mahdists on formal occasions. The caretaker of the Khalifa's House Museum in Omdurman was photographed wearing one of these jibba in 1936.
Production and different styles
The muraqqa'a worn by Sufis were traditionally made out of wool, from which the Sufi derive their name, suf being the Arabic word for wool. However, the jibba worn by the Mahdi's followers were made of a rough cotton called dammur. The production of cotton was carried out almost exclusively by the women of the Mahdiyya. The women spun the thread and wove it into fabric on looms. Next, the fabric was cut and sewn to make the flared skirt and long sleeves of the jibba. Finally, patches were appliquéd onto the garment. The patches were also generally made out of cotton. However, after the Mahdist victory at the Siege of Khartoum, stocks of wool were taken from the city ruins and much of this fabric was used to make and repair patches. Scraps of enemy uniforms salvaged from battlefields were also used to patch the garments. Although the women of the Mahdiyya carried out most of the production, European prisoners were occasionally involved in the making process.
In the collection of the Musée du quai Branly in Paris, there is a jibba with red and black embroidered patches and an inscription under the armpits saying "This tunic should be put on with pride and wisdom."
Diplomacy
As well as having military and religious significance, textiles played a diplomatic, albeit unsuccessful role in the conflicts during the Mahdist War. The Mahdi and the Governor-General of Sudan, Charles George Gordon, sent presents of clothing to one another, hoping to encourage their opponent to stand down. Gordon sent a Turkish fez and a red robe of honour to the Mahdi. However, rather than being appeased, the Mahdi considered the rich textiles to be an insult to their values of asceticism. In return, they sent a 'patch home spun tunic' to Gordon, which was 'the clothing we want for Ourself and Our Companions who desire the world to come'. They hoped that Gordon would don the jibba and convert to Islam.
Plunder
The Mahdist State was established in 1885 after the Siege of Khartoum. The Mahdī died shortly after this victory and was succeeded by the Khalifa Abdulahi. The Mahdiyya continued under their rule until 1898, when an Anglo-Egyptian force led by Lord Kitchener had a decisive victory against the Mahdist forces at the Battle of Omdurman.
Many jibba were collected from the battlefields of Anglo-Egyptian victories like Omdurman, 'Aṭbara and Tūshka. They were taken to Britain as war trophies, and many of these are now held in cultural institutions across the UK. Rudolf Carl von Slatin, a former prisoner of the Mahdist forces, was freed in 1895, and was subsequently photographed styled as an Anṣār soldier, wearing a patched jibba, which might have been plundered from a recent battlefield.
Reception
In their illustrated book Regional Folk Costumes of the Sudan, Griselda El Tayib wrote about the different style of jibbas conserved in the Khalifa House Museum in Omdurman: "Also very elaborate and ornamental are some of the padded jibbas worn under chainmail by some Mahdi's emirs and their cavalry men. Two of these, displayed in the Khalifa's Museum, are in the patched Mahdist style. Two others, however, are in very elaborate striped silk – one of them was captured from Wad Al Nijumi, when they were killed on their attempted invasion of Egypt. It is in typical Egyptian blue and white striped silk, known as shahiya, the tea dress. This garment has a curious padded flap hanging down at the back of the neck, lined with dark blue."
From May to August 2021, the Royal Engineers Museum in the UK presented the exhibition Making African Connections: Sudan & the Mahdiyya. This exhibition explored the history of the Madhya period in Sudan by drawing on the museum's unique collection of Sudanese artefacts, documents and photographs. In Britain, the siege of Khartoum and resulting death of General Charles Gordon of the Royal Engineers are the most famous episodes in this history. However, this exhibition sought to explore the Mahdiyya in a more rounded way: looking at the Ottoman-Egyptian colonisation of Sudan that it ended; at religious and social life under the Mahdiyya; and how it was ended by the British invasion of 1898.
Etymology
The Arabic word jubbā is said to be the origin of the Italian word giubba and the French jupe, both referring to a type of skirt. In modern English, jupes is a chiefly Scottish expression for a man's coat, jacket, or tunic. In the late 13th century, it referred to a man's loose jacket and had been introduced from Old French jupe, which had meant a "tunic worn under the armor."
References
Further reading
External links
Drawings of uniforms of the Mahdi Army on Blogspot
Jibbas in UK museum collections
Jibba in the collection of the Nationaal Museum van Wereldculturen
Coats (clothing)
Islamic male clothing
Mahdist War
Sudanese culture
Sudanese clothing
Safiabad (, also Romanized as Şafīābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 264, in 50 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Einar W. Sissener (10 February 1929 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian businessperson, known as CEO of Alpharma.
Their grandfather founded the pharmacy company Apothekernes Laboratorium in 1903. Sissener took over the leadership of the company from their father, Wilhelm Sissener. A sister company A.L. Laboratories Inc was established in the United States in 1975, and listed on the American Stock Exchange in 1984. Apothekernes Laboratorium was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1989. The companies were merged, and the name changed to Alpharma, in 1994. Sissener retired as CEO in 2000; from 2000 to 2006 they were chairperson of the board.
Sissener was active in sport sailing, sometimes sailing on the boat of King Harald V. Their own sailboat was named "Al Capone".
They died at the age of 79 at Ullevål University Hospital.
References
1929 births
2008 deaths
20th-century Norwegian businesspeople
Businesspeople in the pharmaceutical industry
Elizabeth Parsons (27 September 1831 – 28 May 1897) was an English artist and 19th century settler of Victoria, Australia. They were the first women to be elected to the Council of the Victorian Academy of Arts.
Early life
Parsons was born in Isleworth, London, the daughter of William Thomas Warren (1794-1851) and Elizabeth Keens (1794-1867). The couple married in 1820 at St Thomas Le Apostle, London, and had four sons before Elizabeth's birth in 1831.
Elizabeth attended boarding school, and later found work as a governess and then manager of a toy shop owned by their family.
Elizabeth married George Parsons (born 1830), the manager of a Marble Mine in Cornwall, on 28 October 1868. George already had two children, George and Cecil, from a previous marriage. Their first child, Adeline, was born 10 August 1869.
The Parson family emigrated to Australia on the SS Great Britain, leaving Liverpool on 19 March 1870 and arriving 15 May 1870, a voyage of 58 days. Elizabeth was pregnant at the time, and gave birth to their second child, Henry, shortly after arriving.
Artistic career
Parsons originally painted under the name E.Warren, but after their marriage exhibited as Mrs George Parsons, although they signed their works 'E.P.'
While living in London Parsons was taught by Thomas Miles Richardson (1813–90) and James Duffield Harding (1797–1863). During their early life they visited a number of locations to sketch and paint the scenery, including areas of Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Wales, Devon and Cornwall as well as at Strathclyde in Scotland. In 1864 they journeyed to Fontainebleau in France.
When Parsons arrived in Australia they soon began to exhibit their works. Them the earliest show was on 1 December 1870, in an exhibition of 'Works by Victorian Artists' at the Melbourne Public Library. A review in the Argus reported that 'In the watercolour department there are no better landscapes than those painted by Mrs Parsons'.
On 3 December 1874 Parsons was elected to the Council of the Victorian Academy of Art, becoming its first female council member, despite opposition from other members.
Selected works
Death
Parsons died on 28 May 1897.  They are buried at St Kilda Cemetery.
References
External links
Kerr, Joan (2011). Elizabeth Parsons. Design and Art Australia online.
Friends of St Kilda Cemetery. ELIZABETH PARSONS (1831-1897)
Filmer, Veronica 'More than a Memory. The art of Elizabeth Parsons' Geelong Gallery.
Mackenzie, Andrew (2000).The Artists - Elizabeth Parsons.
Drawing book of Australian landscape, Part I: Buildings Part II: Trees by Mrs George Parsons, State Library Victoria
Elizabeth Parsons: Australian art and artists file, State Library Victoria
1831 births
1897 deaths
19th-century Australian artists
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1986:.
1986
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1986 at HKcinemamagic.com
1986
Hong Kong
1986 in Hong Kong
The Bede BD-17 Nugget is an American single-seat monoplane. designed by Bedecorp for amateur construction from a kit.
Design and development
The Nugget was announced in June 2000 and was designed to be easy to build with a maximum of 100 parts. The first flight of the tricycle landing gear prototype was on 11 February 2001. It is an all-metal low-wing monoplane, it has optional folding wings and is available with fixed conventional landing gear with a tailwheel or a tricycle landing gear. It can be fitted with an engine between 45 and 80 hp (33.6 to 59.7 kW). The prototype had a HKS 700E two-cylinder four-stroke engine. The pilot has an enclosed cockpit with a rearward-sliding canopy.
Specifications
References
Notes
Bibliography
2000s United States civil utility aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
BD-12
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2001
Bukit Katil was a federal constituency in Malacca, Malaysia, that was represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 2004 to 2018.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and was mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
History
It was abolished in 2018 when it was redistributed.
Representation history
State constituency
Election results
References
Defunct Malacca federal constituencies
Clifford is a 1994 American slapstick black comedy film directed by Paul Flaherty, written by Jay Dee Rock and Steven Kampmann (under the alias of "Bobby Von Hayes"), and starring Martin Short, Charles Grodin, Mary Steenburgen, and Dabney Coleman with supporting roles done by G.D. Spradlin, Anne Jeffreys, Richard Kind, and Jennifer Savidge. It tells the story of a 10-year-old boy who stays with their uncle while their parents are on a business trip in Honolulu.
The film was shot in 1990 and originally planned for release in the summer of 1991, but it remained in limbo for several years due to Orion Pictures' bleak financial situation. It was not released until 1994, and it was a critical and commercial failure. Despite the negative reception, the film has gained a cult following over the years.
Plot
At a Catholic school in 2050, an old priest named Father Clifford catches a boy named Roger running away after blowing up the gym because they were not allowed on a basketball team. Clifford tells them a story of their own youth. As a 10-year-old, Clifford is an obnoxious and eccentric boy who never lets go of a toy dinosaur named Steffen and wants to visit Dinosaur World, a theme park in Los Angeles. While flying with their parents to Honolulu on their father Julian's business trip, Clifford intentionally causes the pilot to make an emergency landing in Los Angeles.
Father Clifford takes this moment to tell Roger about their father Julian's estranged brother, Martin, an engineer working for Gerald Ellis. Martin wants to marry their co-worker Sarah Davis, though Sarah wants to have kids with him. Because Clifford is now banned from the flight, Julian phones Martin to have Clifford temporarily stay with them in LA. Martin thinks that this is the perfect opportunity to prove to Sarah how well they interact with children and is unaware of Clifford's antics. Upon their reunion, Martin reveals to Clifford that they designed Larry the Scary Rex, a Dinosaur World attraction, and can get into the park free of charge. Martin promises to take them there but has to break it the next day, as Ellis wants them to redesign LA's public transit system in two days. At a gas station, Clifford attempts to sneak away by posing as someone else's son in a dinosaur costume, but he's caught by Martin.
Enraged at Martin's broken promise, Clifford humiliates them during Sarah's parents' wedding anniversary with several pranks. Martin is arrested after Clifford calls in a fake bomb threat to city hall, made from mixing audio of Martin's scolding on an answering machine. Released on bail, Martin scolds Clifford again and wants them to write a confession to the police. Clifford later tricks Martin into catching a train to San Francisco, where Sarah has traveled on the request of Mr. Ellis attempting to seduce them Back at Martin's home, Clifford throws a party in exchange for a trip to Dinosaur World. When Martin returns home, they board Clifford up in their room; Sarah later frees Clifford and takes them with them As Martin arrives late to Ellis's presentation of Martin's transit system, the city model, rigged by Clifford, explodes, costing Martin their job.
Martin kidnaps Clifford from Sarah's house and takes them to Dinosaur World after closing hours, and makes them ride Larry the Scary Rex. After going through it once, Clifford seems to enjoy himself, so Martin increases the ride's speed repeatedly. When set to hyper speed, the ride malfunctions and Clifford's cart crashes, leaving them dangling above the jaws of a robotic dinosaur. Martin rants about what Clifford's mischief has cost him, but they eventually risk their lives and rescues Clifford. Clifford apologizes, but Martin won't hear it, and calls them a force of destruction that eventually everyone gets to hate.
Father Clifford tells Roger that "if you destroy everyone in the way of your dreams, you will end up alone with no dreams at all." They had sent 287 apology letters to Martin, which were returned unopened. When Roger asks about what happened to Sarah, Clifford reveals that they and Martin were married, and they were invited as the ring bearer. Through a gesture from Sarah, Martin finally forgives Clifford and gives them a kiss on the head. Moved by the tale, Roger decides to write 287 letters asking for forgiveness. Father Clifford takes Steffen out of their pocket, saying "Mission accomplished, old friend."
Cast
Production
Co-writer Steven Kampmann had the idea of doing a comedy version of The Bad Seed (1956). The film was greenlit by Orion Pictures, but producer Larry Brezner was concerned that there was another comedy about an evil child coming out, Problem Child, and put a halt to production. To distinguish Clifford, Kampmann suggested the child lead be played by Martin Short, who was a fan of The Bad Seed. Kampmann and Short filmed screen tests with Short as Clifford, and Orion liked the footage. Kampmann was hired as director, but disagreements emerged between them and other members of the creative team, and Orion brought in Paul Flaherty to replace him.
Though shot in 1990, Cliffords release was delayed by the bankruptcy of Orion Pictures. The film was not released until April 1994, a year in which the highest-grossing comedies were The Mask and Dumb and Dumber, and enthusiasm for marketing it was low.
Critical reception
The film was critically panned. On Rotten Tomatoes it holds a 13% approval rating based on 31 reviews. The site's critical consensus reads, "Ill-conceived and desperately unfunny, Clifford stars Martin Short as a 10-year-old boy. You read that correctly. That's the joke."
Roger Ebert gave the film a half-star of a possible four. They wrote: "The movie is so odd, it's almost worth seeing just because we'll never see anything like it again. I hope." They and their colleague Gene Siskel gave Clifford "Two thumbs down" on their television show At the Movies, with particular criticism towards Martin Short's casting; Siskel likened them to "a wizened little dwarf". Desson Thomson for the The Washington Post praised Grodin but said everything else was "an awful piece of business"; Variety called it "gimmicky" and "poorly conceived".
Despite this broader negative reception, Clifford has since gained a reputation as a cult film. Martin Short later said, "I remember going to a critics' screening, sitting at the back, and the place was raucous. And yet the reviews did not reflect that. ... I think when a film is obscure enough, you feel it's now yours. Your parents don't know this film, but you do."
Year-end lists
6th worst – Sean P. Means, The Salt Lake Tribune
Top 10 worst (not ranked) – Betsy Pickle, Knoxville News-Sentinel
Top 12 worst (Alphabetically ordered, not ranked) – David Elliott, The San Diego Union-Tribune
Dishonorable mention – Glenn Lovell, San Jose Mercury News
References
External links
Orion Pictures films
1994 films
1990s black comedy films
Films set in 2050
Films set in Los Angeles
American black comedy films
Films scored by Richard Gibbs
Films with screenplays by Steven Kampmann
Films set in amusement parks
1994 comedy films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Paul Flaherty
1990s American films
District 14 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Lane County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Julie Fahey of Eugene.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Lane County, Oregon
Evie Wills (born 4 February 2001) is a Scottish rugby player from Stirling. They first played for the side in the 2021 Women's Six Nations Championship.
Club career
Wills has played for Stirling County since they were seven, moving to the women's team in 2019, playing alongside their friend Evie Gallagher since a young age at the club. They play as a stand-off/centre for the club.
International career
In the 2021 Women's Six Nations Championship, they were the replacement in the match against Italy and gained their first cap coming off the bench at the match in Scotstoun in Glasgow. They were named as a substitute in Scotland's last match against Wales, which the Scottish team won 27-20. Coach Bryan Easson said of their decision to include Wills in the squad, "Evie Wills is a good distributor off left and right hand." In the weeks ahead of the match they were coached in their kicking by Scotland cap centurion Chris Paterson.
Wills first began playing rugby for Scotland, at 16 years old, when they played in the Scotland Seniors East v West tournament. They were selected to play in the Scotland U20s match against Northumbria; this was followed by an invitation to play in the U18s National 7s tournament in July.
In 2018 they played for the Scotland 7s, playing in the third leg of the Rugby Grand Prix in Kazan - the youngest in the squad by five years. Evie played against Russia and Portugal during the championships. Scotland came third in the tournament, losing to Russia and France.
They also played in the Scotland U18s 7s from 2018 and 2019.
Personal life
Wills attended the Dollar Academy and started rugby at the age of seven through their local club Stirling County.  They are studying to be a nurse at Glasgow Caledonian University.
References
External links
Women's Club Rugby Profile Page
2001 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Stirling
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
The Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, typically shortened to the Tax Policy Center (TPC), is a nonpartisan think tank based in Washington D.C. A joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution, it aims to provide independent analyses of current and longer-term tax issues, and to communicate its analyses to the public and to policymakers. TPC combines national specialists in tax, expenditure, budget policy, and microsimulation modeling to concentrate on five overarching areas of tax policy: fair, simple and efficient taxation, social policy in the tax code, business tax reform, long-term implications of tax and budget choices, and state tax issues.
History
In 2002, tax specialists who had served in the Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bill Clinton administrations established the Tax Policy Center to provide analysis of tax issues. The following year TPC developed a tax simulation model to analyze the federal income tax and proposals to change it. That model has evolved to incorporate new and additional data, changes in federal tax law, and other aspects of the tax system and the economy.
Staff
Tracy Gordon replaced Mark Mazur as the Robert C. Pozen Director of the Tax Policy Center in March, 2022, after serving as Acting Director from January 2021. Bill Gale, Arjay and Frances Miller Chair in Federal Economic Policy at the Brookings Institution, serves as Co-Director. Leonard Burman was director of TPC from 2013 to 2017. Donald Marron, former member of the President's Council of Economic Advisers and former acting director of the Congressional Budget Office, was Director of TPC from 2010 to 2013. The center's TaxVox blog is led by tax correspondent Howard Gleckman.
Analyses
TPC publications examine the impacts of a variety of tax issues. A 2012 report outlined the then-presidential candidates' tax proposals and analyzed their distributional and revenue impacts. Other studies have examined the 2001-2006 tax cuts, the alternative minimum tax, the impact of tax provisions on low-income families, and tax incentives for education. An extensive collection of tables provides estimates of the impact of current taxes as well as the implications of proposals to change tax law.
TPC representatives have testified before the United States Congress regarding tax and health care reforms. TaxVox, the TPC blog, discusses current tax and budget issues. The Tax Policy Briefing Book is an on-line collection of short articles that explain a range of tax issues. Entries offer background information, describe key elements of the tax system, propose changes to improve the tax system, and provide information on state and local tax policy. The center has also collected various data tables in "Tax Facts" which cover aspects of the U.S. tax system, ranging from tax rates and revenues collected to changes over time in state and local tax collections. TPC's State and Local Finance Data Query System (SLF-DQS) provides tools with which users can create their own tables related to state and local finances based on data from the Census of Governments State and Local Finance series.
Funding
TPC is funded by individuals, corporations, trade groups, and foundations including the Ford Foundation, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and the Rockefeller Foundation.
See also
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities
Citizens for Tax Justice
Council on State Taxation
Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy
Tax Foundation
References
External links
Nonpartisan organizations in the United States
Political and economic think tanks in the United States
Tax reform in the United States
Organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Brookings Institution
The James Ross Island Volcanic Group is a stratigraphic unit of Cenozoic age distributed on James Ross Island and Vega Island of the James Ross Island group, the Tabarin and Trinity peninsulas of Graham Land and surrounding islands in the Prince Gustav and Antarctic sounds.
The volcanic group consists predominantly of alkali basalts with minor hawaiites, benmoreites and mugearites. They are interpreted to have been deposited by volcanic eruptions in an extensional back-arc setting after subduction had ceased along the western margin of the Antarctic Peninsula. K–Ar dating of these rocks suggest that they were erupted from about 7 million years ago up until about a few hundred thousand years ago. However, volcanic rocks as young as only a few thousand years old may exist on James Ross Island.
Rocks of the James Ross Island Volcanic Group comprise Surtseyan tuff cones and Strombolian cinder cones, as well as lava deltas and overlying subaerial lava flows. The dominating feature of the James Ross Island Volcanic Group is Mount Haddington, a massive shield volcano of Miocene-to-Pliocene age on James Ross Island.
Subdivisions
The James Ross Island Volcanic Group includes the following geological formations:
Cape Lachman Formation
Cape Well-met Formation
Dobson Dome Formation
Donnachie Cliffs Formation
Ekelof Point Formation
Forster Cliffs Formation
Hamilton Formation
Jefford Point Formation
Johnson Mesa Formation
Jonkers Mesa Formation
Keltie Head Formation
Kipling Mesa Formation
Lachman Crags Formation
Lookalike Peaks Formation
Palisade Nunatak Formation
Patalamon Mesa Formation
Sandwich Bluff Formation
Smellie Peak Formation
Stickle Ridge Formation
Sungold Hill Formation
Taylor Bluff Formation
Terrapin Hill Formation
Tumbledown Formation
Vertigo Cliffs Formation
Features
The James Ross Island Volcanic Group includes the following volcanic features:
Abel Nunatak
Andersson Island
Brown Bluff
Buttress Hill
Cain Nunatak
Carlson Island
Cockburn Island
Corry Island
Devil Island
Dobson Dome
Donnachie Cliff
Eagle Island
Scree Peak
Egg Island
False Island Point
Flett Buttress
Förster Cliffs
Gamma Hill
Cape Gordon
Mount Haddington
Jonassen Island
Keltie Head
Lachman Crags
Léal Bluff
Lockyer Island
Lomas Ridge
Mahogany Bluff
Cone Nunatak
Organpipe Nunatak
Palisade Nunatak
Paulet Island
Persson Island
Cape Purvis
Red Island
Rosamel Island
Sandwich Bluff
Seacatch Nunataks
Sentinel Buttress
Stark Point
Stickle Ridge
Sungold Hill
Tail Island
Terrapin Hill
Tongue Rocks
Virgin Hill
Vortex Island
See also
List of volcanoes in Antarctica
References
Volcanoes of Graham Land
Miocene volcanoes
Pliocene volcanoes
Pleistocene volcanoes
Volcanic groups
Geologic formations of Antarctica
Operation Parindey is a 2020 Indian film directed by Sanjay Gadhvi, written by Tajas Dhhanraj and produced by Arti Gudal. The movie released on 28 February 2020 starring Amit Sadh and Rahul Dev.
Cast
Amit Sadh as STF Abhinav Mathur
Rahul Dev as Monty Singh
Aakash Dahiya as Pabbi
Amit Gaur as Kartar Singh
Rucha Inamdar as STF Komal Bhardawaj
Kunal Kumar as Srini
R Badree as Rajan
References
External links
2020 direct-to-video films
2020 films
Films about terrorism in India
Films set in Punjab, India
Films shot in India
Indian crime action films
ZEE5 original films
2020 crime action films
Glyphoturris lampra is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Mangeliidae.
Distribution
Fossils of this species have been found in Pliocene strata of the Bowden Formation, Jamaica.
References
W. P. Woodring. 1928. Miocene Molluscs from Bowden, Jamaica. Part 2: Gastropods and discussion of results . Contributions to the Geology and Palaeontology of the West Indies
lampra
Gastropods described in 1928
Myrmecia pavida is a bull ant species that lives in and is native to Australia. Described by John S. Clark in 1951, the Myrmecia Pavida is distributed and has been mainly collected from the states of Western Australia and South Australia.
The average length of a worker is 19-22 millimeters. Queens are larger at over 25 millimeters in length. The head and gaster are black. The thorax, node, legs, and other features are brown. The antennae and tarsi are red, and the mandibles and clypeus are yellow.
Biology and Behavior
Like other ants of the genus Myrmecia, Myrmecia pavida has excellent vision. They are mostly nocturnal. It can spot predators from . They are also highly aggressive when potential intruders and humans disrupt their nests.
After numerous tests about the mating system and generic structure of the bull ant Myrmecia pavida, Chappell wrote:
References
Myrmeciinae
Hymenoptera of Australia
Insects described in 1951
Insects of Australia
Alban Lendorf is a Danish ballet dancer, choreographer, and actor, who was a principal with the Royal Danish Ballet and the American Ballet Theatre. They also are a guest artist with the English National Ballet and the Stanislavski Ballet.
They transitioned to acting following their retirement from dance at the age of 29.
Education
Lendorf was born in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1989. They were trained at the Royal Danish Ballet School, which follows the Bournonville method.
Dancing career
Lendorf became an apprentice at the Royal Danish Ballet (RDB) in 2006 upon graduation from the school, and in 2008 they joined the corps de ballet. They were appointed soloist in 2010, and was promoted to principal dancer in April 2011 at the age of 21.
They danced with the American Ballet Theatre (ABT) from 2013, first as an exchange artist, then as a guest principal, before joining the company as a principal in 2015.
They left the RDB in 2018 and the ABT in 2019, and ended their dancing career following a knee injury. They remain involved with the RDB as a choreographer and teacher.
Repertoire
Principal parts at the Royal Danish Ballet:
James in August Bournonville's La Sylphide.
Prince Desiré in Christopher Wheeldon's version of Sleeping Beauty.
Prince Siegfried in Nikolaj Hübbe and Silja Schandorff's version of Swan Lake.
Le Corsaire Pas de Deux.
Gennaro in Bournonville's Napoli.
Apollo in George Balanchine's Apollo.
Soloist parts at the Royal Danish Ballet: Blue bird in Christopher Wheeldons Sleeping Beauty, Pas de sept in A Folk Tale, soloist in Etudes, Harlekin in La Sonnambula, soloist in Symphony in C, Dances at a Gathering, Other Dances, Donizetti Variations, Puck in A Midsummer Night's Dream, young gypsy in Don Quixote, soloist in Les Gentilhommes, Les Lutins and The Jockey Dance.
Premieres
Jago in Othello by Louise Midjord
Eidolon by Kim Brandstup
An Elegy for Us by Iain Rowe
Bournonville Variations by Thomas Lund.
Acting career
Lendorf started acting in the 2010s, and turned to an acting career following their retirement from dancing.
Principal awards, grants and scholarships
2009: Golden Ballet Award.
2009: D.A.N.C.E. Legatet.
2010: Albert Gaubiers Grant and Edith Allers Memorial Grant.
2011: Most outstanding Male Dancer of the Year at Premio Positano Léonide Massine.
2012: Reumert Award.
2013: Benois de la Danse.
2014: Reumert Award (Come Fly Away, Grand Pas classique and Manon, Royal Danish Theatre).
References
External links
Alban Lendorf's profile on RDB's website
Danish male ballet dancers
Living people
1989 births
Prix Benois de la Danse winners
The 2009 Southland Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 20–23. The top eight regular season finishers of the league's twelve teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Whataburger Field in Corpus Christi, Texas. The winner of the tournament, , earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Seeding and format
The top eight finishers from the regular season were seeded one through eight. They played a two bracket, double-elimination tournament, with the winner of each bracket meeting in a single championship final.
Results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
References
Tournament
Southland Conference Baseball Tournament
Baseball in Texas
Southland Conference Baseball
Southland Conference Baseball Tournament
Alec Fischer is a documentary filmmaker and LGBTQ+ advocate based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Their work primarily focuses on stories about people living in the Midwest region of the United States.
 They are the recipient of four Upper Midwest Emmy Awards from 8 nominations, and has been nominated for numerous national awards including a GLAAD Media Award and an EWA National Award for Education Reporting.
Early Life and Education
Fischer grew up in Edina, Minnesota and is a 2012 graduate of Edina High School. They attended the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee before transferring to the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, where they graduated in 2016.
Early Career and LGBTQ+ Advocacy Work
In 2012, Fischer created their first documentary while a senior in high school. The 45-minute long film, titled Minnesota Nice?, presented real stories from students across the state of Minnesota talking about their experiences being bullied at school. After graduating from high school, Fischer toured across Minnesota and the Midwest region with the film, speaking to students and educators about creating safe school environments for all students.
In 2014, they used their platform to lobby as a student advocate for the passage of the Safe And Supportive Schools Act at the Minnesota State Capitol. When passed, the legislation made Minnesota's policies towards bullying prevention among the strongest in the country.
As a sophomore in college, Fischer co-drafted legislation to ban conversion therapy against minors in Minnesota. Working with partners including GLAAD and Change.org, Fischer started a petition that gathered more than 100,000 signatures in support of the legislation being introduced and passed by Minnesota Senate and House Leaders.
In 2014, Fischer was named a global Dalai Lama Fellow for their film and LGBTQ+ advocacy work.
Career
Fischer was fired from their full-time marketing job in 2018, which they credit as the push for them to pursue filmmaking full-time.
In 2020, Fischer directed and produced the short documentary BUJO: Rise of the Bullet Journal. The film explored the origin story of the Bullet Journal system and featured interviews with creator Ryder Carroll and users across the United States.
Fischer's debut documentary series, Covid Confessions (2021-present), highlights pandemic stories from more than 300 workers across 40 industries impacted by COVID-19 in Minnesota. The first 6 episodes of the series feature stories from nurses, teachers, grocery workers, drag performers, restaurant workers, and fitness professionals, and were published independently in 2021. The series received national recognition, including being nominated for a 2022 GLAAD Media Award, an EWA National Award for Education Reporting, and being named as a 2021 global finalist for best "Digital Video Storytelling, Series" by the Online News Association. The series was also nominated for 8 Upper Midwest Emmy Awards, winning 4 in October 2021. The remaining episodes were scheduled for release in 2022–2023.
Filmography
Documentary Film
Minnesota Nice? (2012)
BUJO: Rise of the Bullet Journal (2020)
Covid Confessions (2021-present)
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Documentary film directors
GLAAD Media Awards winners
Regional Emmy Award winners
Imaginary Day is the ninth studio album by the Pat Metheny Group. It was released in 1997 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was strongly inspired by world music from Iran and Indonesia, and won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album. The song "The Roots of Coincidence" won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance; critic Richard Ginnell of AllMusic described the song as a dramatic departure for the group: "[an] out-and-out rock piece with thrash metal and techno-pop episodes joined by abrupt jump cuts."
History
This album marks the final appearance of longtime drummer Paul Wertico, who would leave in 2001 before the recording of Speaking of Now to work on other projects.
Track listing
Personnel
Pat Metheny – acoustic and electric guitars, guitar synthesizer, 42-string Pikasso guitar
Lyle Mays – piano, keyboards
Steve Rodby – acoustic and electric bass, cello
Paul Wertico – drums
David Blamires – vocals, guitar, trumpet, violin, mellophone, recorder
Mark Ledford – vocals, flugelhorn, trumpet
Dave Samuels – percussion
Glen Velez – percussion
Don Alias – percussion
Mino Cinélu – percussion
Production
Pat Metheny, Lyle Mays, Steve Rodby – producers
Mastered by Ted Jensen at Sterling Sound, New York City
Certifications
Awards
Grammy Awards
See also
Pikasso guitar
References
External links
Translated liner notes
Pat Metheny albums
1997 albums
Albums with cover art by Stefan Sagmeister
Warner Records albums
Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album
Albums recorded at MSR Studios
"Turn All the Lights On" is a song by American rapper and singer T-Pain featuring fellow American singer Ne-Yo, serving as the third official single from the former's fourth studio album, Revolver (2011). Both artists wrote the song with its producers, Dr. Luke and Cirkut.
Track listings
Digital download
"Turn All the Lights On" (featuring Ne-Yo) – 3:37
Credits and personnel
Lead vocals – T-Pain and Ne-Yo
Producers – Dr. Luke, Cirkut
Lyrics – Faheem Najm, Luke Gottwald, Shaffer Smith, Henry Walter
Label: Nappy Boy, Konvict, RCA
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 singles
Ne-Yo songs
T-Pain songs
Songs written by Dr. Luke
Song recordings produced by Dr. Luke
Songs written by Ne-Yo
Song recordings produced by Cirkut (record producer)
Songs written by Cirkut (record producer)
Songs written by T-Pain
2011 songs
RCA Records singles
Kleinsendelbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is located about 17 Kilometers south of the town of Forchheim and 15 Kilometers to the east of the city of Erlangen, and is part of the administration community Dormitz.
History
Kleinsendelbach was first mentioned in 1062. It was part of the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg and therefore from 1500 onward part of the Franconian Circle during the Holy Roman Empire. After 1803 the village was ceded to Bavaria where it was declared a municipality in 1818. Despite its comparably small size as a municipality, Kleinsendelbach's independence was untouched by the territorial reforms of 1972 and 1978 though it has joined the administrative community Dormitz along with two neighboring municipalities.
Politics
The presiding mayor is Gertrud Werner since 2008 along with the second mayor Josef Elsinger. The regional council consists of 12 members and the mayor, none of which are part of a major party.
Coat of arms
Kleinsendelbach's coat of arms consists of a silver wolf's head on a blue background, a black lion head on a yellow background, and white and red stripes in the middle.
Sights
In 1982, Kleinsendelbach was awarded with the title of the most beautiful village in the Forchheim district. There is one church (St. Heinrich, built 1952) and three chapels. Around the municipality are many lakes which are typical for the region and bank on nature protection zones.
Organizations
Kleinsendelbach is home to multiple organizations for elderly care, traditional singing and dancing, culture preservation, fishing, and a local group of the scout association Pfadfinderbund Weltenbummler.
References
Forchheim (district)
Veitsbronn is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Fürth (district)
What's Up, Doc? is a 1972 American romantic screwball comedy film released by Warner Bros., directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Barbra Streisand, Ryan O'Neal, and Madeline Kahn. It was intended to pay homage to comedy films of the 1930s and 1940s, especially Bringing Up Baby, and Warner Bros. Bugs Bunny cartoons.
What's Up, Doc? was a success, and became the third-highest grossing film of 1972. It won the Writers Guild of America (WGA) 1973 "Best Comedy Written Directly for the Screen" award for Buck Henry, David Newman and Robert Benton. What's Up, Doc? was ranked number 61 on the list of the 100 greatest American comedies published by the American Film Institute (AFI), number 68 on the AFI's list of 100 greatest love stories in American cinema, and number 58 on the list of the WGA's 101 Funniest Screenplays published by the Writers Guild of America. The film was very loosely based on the novel A Glimpse of Tiger by Herman Raucher.
Plot
Dr. Howard Bannister, a musicologist from the Iowa Conservatory of Music, has travelled to San Francisco to compete for a research grant offered by Frederick Larrabee. Howard is accompanied by their tightly wound, overbearing fiancée Eunice Burns. As the two check into the Hotel Bristol, Howard runs into the charming trouble-magnet Judy Maxwell in the drug store. They never finished college, but nevertheless has amassed a considerable amount of knowledge from all of the academic institutions from which they were expelled. They begin to pursue Howard and lodges themselves in the hotel without paying.
Coincidentally, four parties are staying on the same floor of the Bristol, all carrying identical plaid overnight bags:
Howard's bag contains igneous "tambula" rocks that have certain musical properties.
The mysterious "Mr. Smith" has a bag containing top-secret government papers, which they have obtained illegally.  They are followed by the equally mysterious "Mr. Jones", a government agent on a mission to recover the documents.
Wealthy socialite Mrs. Van Hoskins has a bag containing their sizable collection of valuable jewels. Hotel employees Harry and Fritz attempt to steal the jewels.
Judy's bag is filled with their clothing and a large dictionary.
Over the course of the evening, the bags get switched haphazardly from room to room as the four parties unwittingly take one another's suitcases. Howard ends up with the jewels, Judy with the documents, Mr. Smith with Judy's clothes, and the thieves with the rocks.
Judy, masquerading as Eunice at the musicologists' banquet, uses their humor, wit and academic knowledge to charm everyone except Howard's competitor, Hugh Simon. Unable to overcome Judy's pretense – and realizing Larrabee's infatuation with them might win them the grant – Howard denies knowing the real Eunice when they try to enter the banquet. Judy later intrudes into Howard's hotel room. Their attempts to hide their presence from Eunice eventually lead to a fire and the destruction of the room.
The following day, everyone makes their way to a reception in Larrabee's upscale Victorian home, where a fight breaks out involving guns, furnishings, and thrown pies. Howard and Judy take all four bags and flee through San Francisco, first on a delivery bike, and then in a decorated Volkswagen Beetle stolen from a wedding party, pursued by Mr. Smith, Mr. Jones and the jewel thieves, who also have taken Eunice, Larrabee and Hugh Simon hostage. They go through Chinatown disrupting a parade, down Lombard Street, through wet cement, through a panel of glass, and eventually into San Francisco Bay at the ferry landing, after causing several collisions.
Everyone ends up in a courtroom, where Judge Maxwell, already on the point of a nervous breakdown, tries to clear up the matter but only succeeds in finding their daughter Judy as the cause of all the trouble. Later, after the bags have been returned to their rightful owners, Howard and Judy find themselves at the airport again. "Mr. Smith" is pursuing "Mr. Jones", who is now back in possession of the government papers, while the thieves plan their escape from the country. Mrs. Van Hoskins pays for the considerable damage and splits the remaining $50 of the reward they had offered among those who helped retrieve their jewels. Eunice appears with Larrabee and Hugh Simon, who won the grant. However, they are exposed by Judy as a plagiarist, thus getting Howard the grant after all. Still, Eunice leaves Howard for Larrabee.
Howard boards a plane back to Iowa alone, only to find Judy in the seat behind him. They declare their love for them and apologizes for what they said earlier. Judy responds: "Love means never having to say you're sorry" – a reference to the 1970 film Love Story also starring Ryan O'Neal – to which Howard replies, "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard." As the two kiss, the film ends with a scene from the Bugs Bunny cartoon that gave the film its name, screened on the plane.
Cast
Production
Development and writing
Filming
The opening and ending scenes were filmed at the San Francisco International Airport (SFO) in the South Terminal (now Terminal 1). The opening scene was filmed in the downstairs TWA Baggage Claim area, and the next to last scene was filmed in the upstairs departure area beneath the arrival/departure board and at the flight insurance counter.
The San Francisco Hilton was the shooting location for the Bristol Hotel.
The exterior of the hotel, where Streisand is hanging from a ledge, was shot in Westwood, Los Angeles.
The San Francisco setting was chosen to allow an elaborate comic spoof of the San Francisco car chase in the hit 1968 film Bullitt. Bogdanovich claims the rousing chase sequence accounted for one-fourth of the film's $4 million budget. The classic "plate glass" scene, in which O'Neal and Streisand are pedaling on a stolen grocery store delivery bicycle, was filmed at Balboa and 23rd Avenue in the Richmond District. In another scene, their out of control bike goes down Clay Street in Chinatown. The Volkswagen Beetle is stolen from the curb in front of Saint Peter and Paul Church at Washington Square Park, and the Beetle hides on a car carrier on Sacramento St. just west of Van Ness Avenue, in an area where many car dealerships were once located (Van Ness was San Francisco's "Auto Row"). The production did not have permission from the city to drive cars down the concrete steps in Alta Plaza Park in San Francisco; these were badly damaged during filming and still show the scars today. At the end of the car chase, almost everyone ends up foundering in San Francisco Bay—except O'Neal and Streisand, comfortably afloat in their Volkswagen Beetle. During the making of this scene, the actor Sorrell Booke almost drowned in the Bay.
The final scene on board a TWA Boeing 707 shows O'Neal looking out the righthand window showing the Marina District and the Embarcadero Freeway.
Music
Although What's Up, Doc? is not a musical, it contains some singing and other musical moments. The song "You're the Top" from the musical Anything Goes is sung as a solo during the opening credits by Streisand, and as a duet during the closing credits by Streisand and O'Neal. The same Cole Porter musical supplied at least two other tunes played as background music: "Anything Goes" and "I Get a Kick Out of You", heard during the first hotel lobby scene.
“Funiculì, Funiculà” is whistled by the Streisand character as they cross the street, following the pizza delivery man, into the Bristol Hotel before the first hotel lobby scene.
About two-thirds of the way into the film, Howard accompanies Judy at a piano (on a floor of the Hotel Bristol apparently under construction or renovation) as they sing the beginning of "As Time Goes By" (made famous in the film Casablanca). The scene includes Streisand imitating Humphrey Bogart with the line, "Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, they walk into mine. Play it, Sam."
Musical in-jokes appear throughout the film. Over-the-top Muzak-styled elevator music featuring Cole Porter's songs is used throughout the hotel elevator scenes. In the chase scene, a Chinese marching band is inexplicably playing the Mexican tune "La Cucaracha" (although, in certain prints, it sounds more like "Deep in the Heart of Texas") on German glockenspiels. At the American Musicologists' banquet, themes from Thoinot Arbeau's Orchésographie can be heard in the background, incongruously played on a Hammond organ and a sitar.
George Gershwin's "Someone to Watch over Me" is whistled by Streisand outside the hotel drug store.
The Bugs Bunny number—derived from their characteristic tagline—that gives the movie its title appears as well, with the original animation, in the last scene. Instrumental versions of "Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone", an old Tin Pan Alley hit which had appeared in Looney Tunes cartoon One Froggy Evening, are background music during the opening scene in the airport.
However, as with Bringing Up Baby, all the music is diegetic—there is no underscoring anywhere in the film.
Release
The film opened at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on March 9, 1972.
Home media
What's Up, Doc? was originally released on VHS in 1982.
As part of a collector's box set of Streisand's films, it was released on DVD in July 2003 and then on Blu-ray in August 2010.
It is also available to purchase or rent by downloading the digital media formats at iTunes Store and Google Play Store.
Reception
Box office
In the United States and Canada, the movie grossed $66,000,000 against a budget of $4 million. It became the 3rd highest grossing film of the year, ranking behind The Godfather and The Poseidon Adventure.
Critical response
As of June 2021, the film held an 89% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 44 reviews, with the consensus: "Barbra Streisand was never more likable than in this energetic, often hilarious screwball farce from director Peter Bogdanovich."
In their review of What's Up, Doc?, critic John Simon (upon whom, according to director Bogdanovich, the character of Hugh Simon was based) said that Barbra Streisand "look[ed] like a cross between an aardvark and an albino rat surmounted by a platinum-coated horse bun," and called the film a heavy-handed attempt at nostalgia.
The film was re-released in the United States in 1973 and earned an additional $3 million in theatrical rentals and in 1975, earning an additional $6 million.
Accolades
The film won the Writers Guild of America 1973 "Best Comedy Written Directly for the Screen" award for writers Buck Henry, David Newman and Robert Benton. Madeline Kahn was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
2000: AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs – No. 61
2002: AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions – No. 68
References
External links
Barbra Streisand Archives What's Up, Doc? page
1972 films
1970s romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American screwball comedy films
Comedy of remarriage films
1970s English-language films
Films directed by Peter Bogdanovich
Films set in hotels
Films set in San Francisco
Films shot in San Francisco
Films with screenplays by Peter Bogdanovich
Films with screenplays by Buck Henry
Films with screenplays by Robert Benton
Films with screenplays by David Newman (screenwriter)
Slapstick films
1972 comedy films
Trans World Airlines
Films set in the San Francisco Bay Area
1970s American films
Stefan Edberg defeated John Frawley in the final, 6–3, 7–6(7–5) to win the boys' singles tennis title at the 1983 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Stefan Edberg (champion)
John Frawley (final)
Jonathan Canter (quarterfinals)
Bill Stanley (first round)
Jorge Bardou (second round)
Karel Nováček (semifinals)
Franck Février (quarterfinals)
Simon Youl (quarterfinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Boys' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Boys' singles
Ramón Concepción Ramos (February 5, 1905 – December 4, 1967), nicknamed "Monchile", was a Puerto Rican outfielder in the Negro leagues between 1929 and 1934.
A native of San Juan, Puerto Rico, Concepción made their Negro leagues debut in 1929 with the Lincoln Giants. They went on to play for the Cuban Stars (East) and the Bacharach Giants. Concepción died in San Juan in 1967 at age 62.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1905 births
1967 deaths
Bacharach Giants players
Cuban Stars (East) players
Lincoln Giants players
Puerto Rican baseball players
Baseball outfielders
Sportspeople from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Marzban was an official title for a political and/or military leader in charge of a border province of the Parthian or Sasanian Empire.
List of Sasanian marzbans
References
Lists of Iranian military personnel
Sasanian generals
Officials of the Sasanian Empire
The Braille pattern dots-123 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with all three left side dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top, upper-middle, and lower-middle left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2807, and in Braille ASCII with "L".
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-123 is used to represent a lateral approximant, such as /l/, /ʟ/, or /ʎ/, and is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-123 are Braille patterns 1237, 1238, and 12378, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 237, 1237, 2347, and 12347 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-123, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0123, 1237, and 01237 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 237, 1237, 2347, or 12347
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-123 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 水
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + に/氵 = 朮
- selector 3 + に/氵 = 奚
- selector 4 + に/氵 = 旨
- selector 5 + に/氵 = 賈
- selector 6 + に/氵 = 丞
- に/氵 + selector 3 = 泡
- に/氵 + selector 4 = 泳
- 数 + に/氵 = 壬
- 比 + に/氵 = 西
- 宿 + に/氵 = 垂
- お/頁 + に/氵 = 鬼
Compounds of 水
- と/戸 + に/氵 = 尿
- け/犬 + に/氵 = 泰
- ら/月 + け/犬 + に/氵 = 滕
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + に/氵 = 冰
- に/氵 + 日 + selector 6 = 沓
- み/耳 + に/氵 = 踏
- に/氵 + こ/子 + selector 1 = 汞
- に/氵 + へ/⺩ + selector 2 = 漿
- に/氵 + 日 + を/貝 = 潁
- に/氵 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盥
- の/禾 + 宿 + に/氵 = 粱
- も/門 + 宿 + に/氵 = 閖
- と/戸 + み/耳 + に/氵 = 鞜
- に/氵 + つ/土 = 塗
- に/氵 + ち/竹 = 池
- に/氵 + て/扌 = 決
- に/氵 + に/氵 + て/扌 = 决
- に/氵 + も/門 = 汽
- に/氵 + 宿 = 沖
- に/氵 + に/氵 + 宿 = 冲
- に/氵 + の/禾 = 没
- に/氵 + に/氵 + の/禾 = 沒
- に/氵 + か/金 = 河
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 = 沼
- に/氵 + え/訁 = 沿
- に/氵 + こ/子 = 法
- へ/⺩ + に/氵 + こ/子 = 琺
- に/氵 + ひ/辶 = 波
- ま/石 + に/氵 + ひ/辶 = 碆
- 心 + に/氵 + ひ/辶 = 菠
- に/氵 + ま/石 = 泣
- に/氵 + ま/石 + り/分 = 潼
- に/氵 + 仁/亻 = 泥
- に/氵 + へ/⺩ = 注
- に/氵 + へ/⺩ + selector 1 = 汪
- に/氵 + へ/⺩ + し/巿 = 涛
- に/氵 + 龸 = 洗
- に/氵 + れ/口 = 洛
- に/氵 + し/巿 = 洩
- に/氵 + せ/食 = 活
- も/門 + に/氵 + せ/食 = 濶
- に/氵 + く/艹 = 流
- に/氵 + 囗 = 浅
- に/氵 + り/分 = 浜
- に/氵 + ほ/方 = 浦
- 心 + に/氵 + ほ/方 = 蒲
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + selector 1 = 汐
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 洌
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 淤
- に/氵 + や/疒 = 浪
- に/氵 + は/辶 = 海
- つ/土 + に/氵 + は/辶 = 塰
- に/氵 + そ/馬 = 消
- に/氵 + け/犬 = 涙
- に/氵 + な/亻 = 液
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 = 淑
- に/氵 + 火 = 淡
- に/氵 + す/発 = 深
- に/氵 + 比 = 混
- に/氵 + ん/止 = 渋
- に/氵 + に/氵 + ん/止 = 澁
- に/氵 + ん/止 + お/頁 = 瀕
- に/氵 + ゑ/訁 = 渡
- に/氵 + ⺼ = 温
- 心 + に/氵 + ⺼ = 薀
- に/氵 + さ/阝 = 港
- に/氵 + ら/月 = 湖
- に/氵 + 数 = 湯
- ⺼ + に/氵 + 数 = 盪
- く/艹 + に/氵 + 数 = 蕩
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 湾
- に/氵 + い/糹/#2 = 湿
- に/氵 + め/目 = 満
- る/忄 + に/氵 + め/目 = 懣
- に/氵 + め/目 + selector 4 = 湎
- に/氵 + む/車 = 溝
- に/氵 + た/⽥ = 溶
- に/氵 + ゐ/幺 = 滋
- に/氵 + 心 = 滝
- に/氵 + よ/广 = 滞
- に/氵 + に/氵 + よ/广 = 滯
- に/氵 + お/頁 = 滴
- に/氵 + き/木 = 漆
- に/氵 + を/貝 = 漸
- に/氵 + 日 = 潮
- に/氵 + と/戸 = 澄
- に/氵 + 氷/氵 = 激
- に/氵 + ろ/十 = 濃
- た/⽥ + に/氵 = 沢
- そ/馬 + に/氵 = 洋
- こ/子 + に/氵 = 浩
- 氷/氵 + に/氵 = 淫
- ち/竹 + 氷/氵 + に/氵 = 霪
- ん/止 + に/氵 = 渉
- ゐ/幺 + に/氵 = 渓
- ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 + に/氵 = 溪
- ひ/辶 + に/氵 = 減
- す/発 + に/氵 = 渠
- や/疒 + に/氵 = 濯
- に/氵 + に/氵 + 囗 = 淺
- に/氵 + に/氵 + め/目 = 滿
- に/氵 + に/氵 + い/糹/#2 = 濕
- に/氵 + に/氵 + り/分 = 濱
- に/氵 + に/氵 + 心 = 瀧
- に/氵 + に/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 灣
- き/木 + 宿 + に/氵 = 梁
- に/氵 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 氾
- に/氵 + 数 + て/扌 = 汀
- に/氵 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 汁
- に/氵 + selector 4 + 龸 = 汎
- に/氵 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 汕
- に/氵 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 汲
- に/氵 + は/辶 + ん/止 = 汳
- に/氵 + 宿 + り/分 = 汾
- に/氵 + 宿 + 心 = 沁
- に/氵 + 比 + を/貝 = 沂
- に/氵 + 宿 + け/犬 = 沃
- に/氵 + 比 + ふ/女 = 沌
- に/氵 + 比 + ⺼ = 沍
- に/氵 + 宿 + き/木 = 沐
- に/氵 + 龸 + ん/止 = 沚
- に/氵 + 宿 + し/巿 = 沛
- に/氵 + き/木 + selector 5 = 沫
- に/氵 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 沮
- に/氵 + 宿 + ひ/辶 = 沱
- に/氵 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 沺
- に/氵 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 沽
- に/氵 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 沾
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 泄
- に/氵 + 囗 + な/亻 = 泅
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + selector 1 = 泓
- に/氵 + 数 + る/忄 = 泗
- に/氵 + り/分 + か/金 = 泙
- に/氵 + selector 2 + の/禾 = 泛
- に/氵 + selector 1 + を/貝 = 泝
- に/氵 + 宿 + め/目 = 泪
- に/氵 + み/耳 + ん/止 = 泯
- に/氵 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 泱
- に/氵 + selector 5 + か/金 = 洙
- に/氵 + 囗 + と/戸 = 洞
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 洟
- に/氵 + selector 4 + こ/子 = 洪
- に/氵 + selector 1 + ⺼ = 洫
- に/氵 + か/金 + selector 4 = 洲
- に/氵 + ふ/女 + れ/口 = 洳
- に/氵 + 日 + す/発 = 洵
- に/氵 + も/門 + selector 6 = 洶
- に/氵 + 龸 + selector 2 = 洸
- に/氵 + り/分 + 囗 = 洽
- に/氵 + て/扌 + を/貝 = 浙
- に/氵 + 龸 + む/車 = 浚
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + 宿 = 浣
- に/氵 + 比 + り/分 = 浬
- に/氵 + 宿 + な/亻 = 浹
- に/氵 + 宿 + つ/土 = 涅
- に/氵 + 龸 + つ/土 = 涌
- に/氵 + は/辶 + selector 1 = 涎
- に/氵 + 龸 + ら/月 = 涓
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 涕
- に/氵 + つ/土 + を/貝 = 涜
- に/氵 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 涸
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 淀
- に/氵 + き/木 + お/頁 = 淅
- に/氵 + め/目 + ⺼ = 淆
- に/氵 + selector 4 + き/木 = 淇
- に/氵 + き/木 + き/木 = 淋
- に/氵 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 淌
- に/氵 + ふ/女 + さ/阝 = 淒
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + む/車 = 淕
- に/氵 + 宿 + と/戸 = 淘
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + ね/示 = 淙
- に/氵 + 心 + こ/子 = 淞
- に/氵 + 宿 + る/忄 = 淪
- に/氵 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 淬
- に/氵 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 淮
- に/氵 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 淵
- に/氵 + selector 6 + 心 = 淹
- に/氵 + に/氵 + 囗 = 淺
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 渊
- に/氵 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 渕
- に/氵 + 龸 + ⺼ = 渙
- に/氵 + と/戸 + 日 = 渚
- に/氵 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 渝
- に/氵 + selector 6 + て/扌 = 渟
- に/氵 + き/木 + 日 = 渣
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + ろ/十 = 渤
- に/氵 + と/戸 + ゆ/彳 = 渥
- に/氵 + 宿 + か/金 = 渦
- に/氵 + 宿 + よ/广 = 渫
- に/氵 + た/⽥ + ⺼ = 渭
- に/氵 + 比 + か/金 = 渮
- に/氵 + は/辶 + selector 3 = 游
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 渺
- に/氵 + 宿 + む/車 = 渾
- に/氵 + は/辶 + い/糹/#2 = 湃
- に/氵 + け/犬 + け/犬 = 湊
- に/氵 + 宿 + の/禾 = 湍
- に/氵 + き/木 + め/目 = 湘
- に/氵 + selector 1 + き/木 = 湛
- に/氵 + 日 + へ/⺩ = 湟
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + た/⽥ = 湧
- に/氵 + の/禾 + 火 = 湫
- に/氵 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 湲
- に/氵 + 日 + 氷/氵 = 湶
- に/氵 + き/木 + ぬ/力 = 溂
- に/氵 + 宿 + す/発 = 溌
- に/氵 + よ/广 + も/門 = 溏
- に/氵 + つ/土 + こ/子 = 溘
- に/氵 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 溜
- に/氵 + 龸 + 日 = 溟
- に/氵 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 溥
- に/氵 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 溯
- に/氵 + 宿 + え/訁 = 溲
- に/氵 + 宿 + 囗 = 溷
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 溺
- に/氵 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 溽
- に/氵 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 滂
- に/氵 + り/分 + お/頁 = 滄
- に/氵 + す/発 + き/木 = 滌
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + ま/石 = 滓
- に/氵 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 滬
- に/氵 + selector 1 + う/宀/#3 = 滲
- に/氵 + ん/止 + selector 2 = 滷
- に/氵 + え/訁 + そ/馬 = 滸
- に/氵 + 宿 + 龸 = 滾
- に/氵 + に/氵 + め/目 = 滿
- に/氵 + そ/馬 + 比 = 漉
- に/氵 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 漓
- に/氵 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 漕
- に/氵 + 宿 + く/艹 = 漠
- に/氵 + ひ/辶 + む/車 = 漣
- に/氵 + 宿 + ん/止 = 漱
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + と/戸 = 漲
- に/氵 + の/禾 + た/⽥ = 潘
- に/氵 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 潦
- に/氵 + れ/口 + し/巿 = 潯
- に/氵 + 宿 + を/貝 = 潰
- に/氵 + け/犬 + り/分 = 潴
- に/氵 + ら/月 + 氷/氵 = 潸
- に/氵 + 宿 + こ/子 = 潺
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + ん/止 = 澀
- に/氵 + 宿 + や/疒 = 澂
- に/氵 + selector 6 + つ/土 = 澆
- に/氵 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 澎
- に/氵 + 宿 + ら/月 = 澗
- に/氵 + れ/口 + う/宀/#3 = 澡
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + か/金 = 澣
- た/⽥ + た/⽥ + に/氵 = 澤
- に/氵 + ち/竹 + ん/止 = 澪
- に/氵 + こ/子 + の/禾 = 澱
- に/氵 + 囗 + の/禾 = 澳
- に/氵 + 宿 + 日 = 澹
- に/氵 + よ/广 + け/犬 = 濂
- に/氵 + 宿 + ふ/女 = 濆
- に/氵 + 囗 + め/目 = 濔
- に/氵 + に/氵 + い/糹/#2 = 濕
- に/氵 + 宿 + て/扌 = 濘
- に/氵 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 濠
- に/氵 + 龸 + め/目 = 濬
- に/氵 + な/亻 + な/亻 = 濮
- に/氵 + に/氵 + り/分 = 濱
- に/氵 + お/頁 + 囗 = 濺
- に/氵 + す/発 + 心 = 濾
- に/氵 + そ/馬 + や/疒 = 瀁
- に/氵 + 宿 + selector 1 = 瀉
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + の/禾 = 瀋
- に/氵 + 龸 + か/金 = 瀏
- に/氵 + 日 + こ/子 = 瀑
- に/氵 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 瀘
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + む/車 = 瀚
- に/氵 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 瀛
- に/氵 + こ/子 + ん/止 = 瀝
- に/氵 + せ/食 + 宿 = 瀞
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + ゆ/彳 = 瀟
- に/氵 + に/氵 + 心 = 瀧
- に/氵 + り/分 + 氷/氵 = 瀲
- に/氵 + も/門 + ひ/辶 = 瀾
- に/氵 + 囗 + 比 = 灑
- に/氵 + く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 灘
- に/氵 + に/氵 + ゆ/彳 = 灣
- 心 + 宿 + に/氵 = 藻
- く/艹 + 宿 + に/氵 = 蘯
- ち/竹 + 宿 + に/氵 = 霑
- に/氵 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鴻
Compounds of 朮
- は/辶 + に/氵 = 述
- ろ/十 + に/氵 = 求
- へ/⺩ + に/氵 = 球
- ね/示 + ろ/十 + に/氵 = 裘
- ひ/辶 + ろ/十 + に/氵 = 逑
- selector 4 + へ/⺩ + に/氵 = 毬
Compounds of 旨
- て/扌 + に/氵 = 指
- ⺼ + に/氵 = 脂
- ゑ/訁 + に/氵 = 詣
- と/戸 + selector 4 + に/氵 = 耆
- 龸 + 宿 + に/氵 = 嘗
- せ/食 + 宿 + に/氵 = 鮨
Compounds of 賈
- な/亻 + な/亻 + に/氵 = 價
Compounds of 丞
- く/艹 + に/氵 = 蒸
- て/扌 + selector 6 + に/氵 = 拯
- に/氵 + 囗 + ま/石 = 涵
Compounds of 泡
- く/艹 + に/氵 + selector 3 = 萢
Compounds of 壬
- 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 任
- を/貝 + に/氵 = 賃
- ふ/女 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 姙
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 恁
- 心 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 荏
- ね/示 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 袵
- ふ/女 + に/氵 = 妊
- ね/示 + 数 + に/氵 = 衽
- ふ/女 + 数 + に/氵 = 婬
Compounds of 西
- selector 1 + 比 + に/氵 = 襾
- な/亻 + に/氵 = 価
- 日 + に/氵 = 晒
- 心 + に/氵 = 栗
- 心 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 瓢
- ち/竹 + 心 + に/氵 = 篥
- る/忄 + に/氵 = 慄
- せ/食 + に/氵 = 酒
- に/氵 + ね/示 = 票
- き/木 + に/氵 = 標
- に/氵 + に/氵 = 漂
- ぬ/力 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 剽
- ふ/女 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 嫖
- る/忄 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 慓
- い/糹/#2 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 縹
- む/車 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 飄
- そ/馬 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 驃
- せ/食 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 鰾
- む/車 + 宿 + に/氵 = 飃
- に/氵 + ふ/女 = 要
- 火 + に/氵 = 煙
- れ/口 + 比 + に/氵 = 哂
- つ/土 + 比 + に/氵 = 堙
- は/辶 + 比 + に/氵 = 廼
- き/木 + 比 + に/氵 = 栖
- に/氵 + 比 + に/氵 = 湮
- か/金 + 比 + に/氵 = 甄
- ひ/辶 + 比 + に/氵 = 迺
- に/氵 + 宿 + に/氵 = 洒
- に/氵 + 日 + ろ/十 = 潭
- に/氵 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 覈
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + そ/馬 = 覊
Compounds of 垂
- め/目 + に/氵 = 睡
- さ/阝 + に/氵 = 郵
- か/金 + に/氵 = 錘
- れ/口 + 宿 + に/氵 = 唾
- て/扌 + 宿 + に/氵 = 捶
- さ/阝 + 宿 + に/氵 = 陲
Compounds of 鬼
- つ/土 + に/氵 = 塊
- え/訁 + に/氵 = 魂
- よ/广 + に/氵 = 魔
- な/亻 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 傀
- や/疒 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 嵬
- る/忄 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 愧
- 心 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 槐
- へ/⺩ + お/頁 + に/氵 = 瑰
- く/艹 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 蒐
- さ/阝 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 隗
- せ/食 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 餽
- 日 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魄
- の/禾 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魏
- よ/广 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魘
Other compounds
- も/門 + に/氵 = 匂
- れ/口 + に/氵 = 嗜
- う/宀/#3 + に/氵 = 窪
- の/禾 + に/氵 = 粍
- ゆ/彳 + に/氵 = 術
- ほ/方 + に/氵 + の/禾 = 歿
- 宿 + 宿 + に/氵 = 埀
Notes
Braille patterns
Robert Tripp Ross (June 4, 1903 – October 1, 1981) was an American politician from New York. They served in two non-consecutive terms to the United States House of Representatives and an assistant Secretary of Defense.
Early life
Born in Washington, Beaufort County, North Carolina and attended the public schools there and attended Northeastern University. Later, they tried several professions including real estate investment in Florida, advertising sales in Florida and Texas, and auto sales in North Carolina. They moved to New York City in 1929, and engaged as a druggist. They took a job at a pharmacy in Queens where they became the manager. By 1946, they were an assistant to the president of a drug company
Political career
In 1946, Ross ran for a seat in Congress from New York's 5th congressional district. Normally, a Democratic district, Ross won election as one of 55 Republicans who swept to victory in the 1946 elections. Their time in Congress was short as T. Vincent Quinn ousted them in 1948 and again in 1950. From 1949 until 1952, they were a director of sales and marketing for the Southern Athletic Company, which was owned by their brother-in-law.
At the end of 1951, Quinn resigned their seat in Congress to become the Queens County District Attorney and Ross won the February 1952 special election replace him. Ross was defeated in the general election in 1952 to Lester Holtzman.
Defense Department
After their defeat, Ross became the Washington liaison for the New York Republican State Committee. Later, they worked for Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs, Fred A. Seaton. When Seaton left to work as an assistant to President Dwight Eisenhower in 1955, Ross was appointed to Seaton's position.
Ross' initial months in the post were tumultuous. Ross, acting on a directive from Secretary of Defense, Charles E. Wilson to ensure that all releases made a “constructive contribution” to national defense. Congressional committees and reporters charged them with censorship when they made significant edits to speeches by staffers, service secretaries and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. A congressional subcommittee found that the Department of Defense's policies were the most restrictive of any agency.
They also incorrectly confirmed a 1956 report that three senators including, John L. McClellan, had requested the Air Force to send a pair of planes to Europe for them. The Defense department ultimately apologized to the senators for the slip-up.
In January 1957, Ross took a leave of absence in response to a congressional investigation into possible conflicts of interest involving a clothing business run by their wife and owned by their brother-in-law. The subcommittee, headed by Senator McClellan, looked into an $835,150 contract for Army trousers that was awarded to Wynn Enterprises. The Senators also looked into an allegation that Ross set up a meeting for their brother-in-law with an army officer to ostensibly discuss clothes procured under another defense contract. The committee also looked into information that Ross was still affiliated with the company, despite assurances that they severed all ties.
Ross denied all the allegations and an investigation by the Defense Department found no violations of the law and no improper use of influence. Nevertheless, Ross concluded that the charges would affect their ability to serve and resigned in February 1957.
Later career
After leaving the Defense Department, they worked as an assistant borough works commissioner in Queens, New York from March 1957 to January 1958 and vice president, Merchandising Apparel Company, from 1959 to 1968.
Personal life
Ross married twice. They had two sons, Robert, Jr. and Ford, from their first marriage, which ended in divorce. Their second wife was Claire (Wynn) Ross. They resided in Jackson Heights until their death there on October 1, 1981; interment was at Oakdale Cemetery in Washington, North Carolina.
References
External links
1903 births
1981 deaths
People from Jackson Heights, Queens
People from Washington, North Carolina
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
20th-century American politicians
Mind Fusion is a 5-volume series of albums produced by Madlib.
Volume 1
Mind Fusion Vol. 1 is the first of the Mind Fusion series of mixtapes and remixes by West Coast hip hop producer Madlib. As every mixtape follows a different genre of music, the first in the series focuses on hip hop songs produced and remixed by Madlib. It was released in CD format independently on Madlib's Mind Fusion imprint. It also features vocals from fellow Stones Throw artists.
Track list
All tracks are produced, remixed, and arranged by Madlib.
"Mind Fusions (Intro)"
"All Night" (featuring Wildchild, Declaime and MED)
"The Omen (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Aim)
"I Got A Right Ta (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Common)
"Money Folder (12-inch Remix)" (featuring Madvillain)
"Never Saw It Coming" (from Push Comes to Shove) - (featuring MED)
"Galt Suite No. 7"
"Uh Huh (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Method Man)
"Stomp the Shit Out You (Madlib Remix)" (featuring M.O.P.)
"Steal This Beat (Instrumental)"
"Yo' Soul" (featuring Dudley Perkins)
"Hydrant Game" (from The Further Adventures of Lord Quas) - (featuring Quasimoto)
"Ain't Right" (featuring Diverse)
"Who You Be? (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Outsidaz)
"Beer Games" (featuring Madvillain and Jaylib)
"Feel It" (from Secondary Protocol) - (featuring Wildchild)
"The Payback (Gotta)" (from Beat Konducta Vol 1–2: Movie Scenes)
"WTF (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Oh No and Wildchild)
"Montara (Remix)" (featuring Bobby Hutcherson)
"Keeps It Krisp" (featuring Kazi)
"Now U Know" (from Push Comes to Shove) - (featuring MED)
"Space Goat (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Diverse)
"Home Turf (Madlib Remix)" (featuring Charizma)
"Offbeat (Groove)" (from Beat Konducta Vol 1–2: Movie Scenes)
"Right Now" (featuring Oh No)
"Duck Sex (Outro)"
Volume 2
Mind Fusion Vol. 2 is second of the Mind Fusion series. This mixtape was released by Madlib under their Mind Fusion imprint. It is a compilation of many songs from different genres from the '60s to the '80s. Like other Mind Fusion mixtapes, this mixtape was released in very limited quantities and is a very rare and collectible item today.
Track listing
All tracks are compiled and mixed by Madlib.
{| class="wikitable" border="1"
!width="70"|CD Track
!width="15"|#
!width="200"|Artist
!width="200"|Title
!width="200"|Album
!width="60"|Year
|-
|1||1||Nat Adderley||Song of the Valdez Diamond||Double Exposure||1975
|-
| ||2||Brian Auger's Oblivion Express||Beginning Again||Straight Ahead||1975
|-
| ||3||Johnny Hammond||Back to the Projects||Gambler's Life||1974
|-
| ||4||Calvin Keys||Shawn-Neeq||Shawn-Neeq||1971
|-
| ||5||Cesar Mariano & Cia.||Metropole||São Paulo Brasil||1977
|-
| ||6||Human Egg||Love Like This||Human Egg||1978
|-
| ||7||Michal Urbaniak's Fusion||Ilex||Atma||1974
|-
| ||8||Peter Lipa||My Album||Moanin||1984
|-
| ||9||Mary Lou Williams||Pale Blue||Free Spirits||1975
|-
|2||10||Henry Franklin||Cosmos Dwellers||Tribal Dance||1977
|-
| ||11||Azymuth||Partido Alto||Light as a Feather||1979
|-
| ||12||Elvin Jones||Moon Dance||Time Capsule||1977
|-
| ||13||Patrice Rushen||Before the Dawn||Before the Dawn||1975
|-
| ||14||Juju||Nia (Complete the Circle)||Chapter Two: Nia||1974
|-
| ||15||Marcos Valle||Não Tem Nada Não (Instrumental)||Previsão do Tempo||1973
|-
| ||16||Azar Lawrence||Theme for a New Day||People Moving||1976
|-
|3||17||Cortex||Automne||Troupeau bleu||1975
|-
| ||18||Joyce||Longe do Tempo||Encontro Marcado||1969
|-
| ||19||Jackie McLean||Soul||'Bout Soul||1967
|-
| ||20||Ennio Morricone||Dies irae psichedelico||Escalation||1968
|-
| ||21||Ken Rhodes||The Profile||Profile||1974
|-
| ||22||Stefano Torossi||Fearing Much||Feelings||1975
|-
| ||23||Duke Ellington||Digeridoo||The Afro-Eurasian Eclipse||1971
|-
| ||24||Marcos Valle||Azimuth||Mustang Côr de Sangue||1969
|-
| ||25||Bayete Umbra Zindiko Quintet||Let It Take Your Mind||Seeking Other Beauty||1972
|-
| ||26||?||?||?||?
|-
| ||27||Azymuth||Nothing Will Be as It Was (Nada Será Como Antes)||Telecommunication||1982
|-
| ||28||Jackie McClean||Soul||Bout Soul||1967
|-
|-
| ||29||Lorez Alexandria||Baltimore Oriole||How Will I Remember You||1978
|-
| ||30||Pharoah Sanders/Norman Connors||Casino Latino||Beyond a Dream||1978
|-
| ||31||George Duke||Nigerian Numberuma||The Inner Source||1971
|-
| ||32||George Duke||Feels So Good||The Inner Source||1971
|-
| ||33||Jackie McClean||Soul||Bout Soul||1967
|-
| ||34||Willie Tee and the Gaturs||Concentrate||[B-side of single "Get Up"]||?
|-
| ||35||Egberto Gismonti||Janela de Ouro
|Sonho 70||1970
|-
| ||36||Cal Green||Revolution Rap - Part 2||[single]||1967
|}
Volume 3Mind Fusion Vol. 3 is compilation mixtape by hip hop producer Madlib independently released in 2005. This album is a mix-up of Funk, Jazz, Dub and hip hop instrumentals released in a total of 8 tracks on CD format.
Track list
"Just A" - 5:25
"Collection" - 6:33
"Of The" - 8:25
"Hottest" - 5:02
"Shit" - 11:49
"Madlib" - 10:07
"Has Ever" - 7:02
"Produced" - 3:23
Volume 4Mind Fusion Vol. 4 is a remix album by hip hop producer Madlib independently released in 2007. This album features remixes of songs by Nas and Jay-Z and others.
Track list
Track list adapted from Rappcats.com.
Volume 5Mind Fusion Vol. 5'' is the fifth and last mixtape of the Mind Fusion series by hip hop producer Madlib. This mixtape focuses on "dirty hip hop crates" from around the world as stated on the back cover. Following tradition, this mixtape was also independently released by Madlib on their Mind Fusion imprint in CD format.
Track list
The whole album features only two lengthy tracks which have about 10 to 15 different beats each mixed together.Track 1 - Dirty Crates From Around The World (35:58)Track 2 - Live At The Do-Over''' (36:55)
2000s mixtape albums
Hip hop compilation albums
Stones Throw Records compilation albums
2004 remix albums
Stones Throw Records remix albums
Jazz compilation albums
Hip hop remix albums
Jazz remix albums
Compilation album series
Taljhari railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Taljhari in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Kings Grant is a neighborhood located within the Lynnhaven section of Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States. Transportation routes within Kings Grant include Kings Grant Road, North Lynnhaven Road and Little Neck Road. Schools serving Kings Grant include Kings Grant and Kingston Elementary Schools, Lynnhaven Middle School and First Colonial High School. The neighborhood is heavily treed and has several lakes and many marshes.
Communities in Virginia Beach, Virginia
Song One is a 2014 American romantic drama film written and directed by Kate Barker-Froyland in their directorial debut. The film stars Anne Hathaway, Johnny Flynn, Ben Rosenfield, and Mary Steenburgen. In the film, Franny Ellis returns home to New York City after their brother Henry enters a coma. They meet Henry's favorite musician, James Forester, at a concert. While trying to help Henry, Franny and James form a romantic connection during their brief time together.
Song One premiered at the 30th Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2014, and opened in the United States on January 23, 2015, to mixed reviews from critics.
Plot
Franny Ellis is an anthropology student doing their PhD thesis work in Morocco. They return to their home in New York City after finding out that their brother Henry, a musician, is in a coma after getting hit by a car. They move back in with their mother Karen after several years away. Franny listens to Henry's music and sits in their hospital room. They learn that Henry's favorite musician is British indie singer-songwriter James Forester and then attends James' concert, as they are touring in the area. Afterwards, they meet James and tells them about Henry. Franny starts to read Henry's journal and visit places that they go to. James visits Franny and Henry at the hospital and plays a song for them. That night, Franny and James hang out. James says that their first album was successful but then they have not been able to write any new music since. Franny says that they and Henry had a fight about them pursuing music as a career and that they feel guilty because of it. They listen to live music. Franny buys a keyboard and a gramophone and takes them to the hospital. In Henry's room, they start playing music and bringing over pancakes that they like.
Franny and Karen celebrate Henry's half-birthday at the hospital, and James joins them. Franny and Karen argue about Franny not keeping in touch. Franny goes to James' concert that night, and afterwards, they have sex. They go out and record a song called "Afraid of Heights". The following night, James hangs out with Franny and Karen at their house. Franny and James go to a club and dance. The next day, James joins Franny and Henry at the hospital. James starts playing a new song, and Henry opens their eyes before closing them again. Henry then wakes up completely the next day. It is James' last day in the United States before they go home. Franny tries to attend James' concert that night, but it is sold out. They watch them perform their new song on a television screen and then goes to their car. After the concert is over, James walks to their car and finds a CD there. It is a recording of them and Franny performing "Afraid of Heights". They listen to the song in their car as Franny also listens to it on their way home.
Cast
Production
Initially, Franny was written as 24 years old. However, after Anne Hathaway (30 years old at the time) expressed their wish to play her, Barker-Froyland rewrote the part to be that of an older woman, which they said worked well for the script as it gave Franny more reason to not want to be a musician. Hathaway's previous film Les Misérables required them to adopt a shorter hairstyle than usual; rather than have them regrow the hair, the director incorporated it into the script.
Filming of Song One began in June 2013 in New York City.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack, released by Lakeshore Records on January 13, 2015, contained original scores written by Jenny Lewis and Johnathan Rice of the indie rock duo Jenny & Johnny. Barker-Froyland met with the duo in Los Angeles and, after they listened to "Little Yellow Dress" before their plane ride to New York, decided that they would create the songs that Flynn would perform in-character.
During production, Song One producer Jonathan Demme instructed Lewis and Rice to record its music as Skip Spence recorded their 1969 psychedelic album Oar. The duo wrote eleven songs for the film, and seven were used in its composition.
Track listing
Release
Box office
Song One premiered at the 30th Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2014, in the U.S. Dramatic Competition. Later, the film opened in a limited release on January 23, 2015, with $20,200 in gross sales generated from 27 theaters in the United States. The film grossed $408,918 worldwide.
Critical reception
Song One received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 32%, based on 53 reviews, with an average score of 5.29/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Song One has plenty of earnest charm, but that isn't enough to overcome its slight, familiar story." The aggregator Metacritic gives the film a score of 48 out of 100, based on 23 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
References
External links
2014 films
2014 romantic drama films
2014 directorial debut films
American romantic drama films
Films produced by Marc E. Platt
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
The Film Arcade films
Worldview Entertainment films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Julie Martine Debever (born 18 April 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Fleury. They play for the France women's national football team, and was named in the squad for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
France women's international footballers
French women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Paris FC (women) players
AS Saint-Étienne (women) players
En Avant Guingamp (women) players
Division 1 Féminine players
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Inter Milan (women) players
French expatriate women's footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
French expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Sportspeople from Nord (French department)
Footballers from Hauts-de-France
FCF Hénin-Beaumont players
Social journalism is a media model consisting of a hybrid of professional journalism, contributor and reader content. The format relies on community involvement, audience engagement, social newsgathering and verification, data and analytics, and relationship-building. Social journalism takes place on some open publishing platforms, like Twitter and WordPress.com, but can also involve professional journalists, who created and/or screen the content. CNN's now-defunct iReport was an example of a social journalism collaboration between professionals and citizens; other examples include Forbes.com, infoStraight.com, Medium, BuzzFeed, Soapbox and Gawker. The model, which in some instances has generated monthly audiences in the tens of millions, has been discussed as one way for professional journalism to thrive despite a marked decline in the audience for traditional journalism.
Publishers as platforms
Writing in Re/code, Jonathan Glick, CEO of Sulia, said the model of publishers as platforms (which they call a "platisher") is "on the rise". Glick cites as examples Medium (from Twitter co-founders Evan Williams and Biz Stone), Vox Media, Sulia, Skift, First Look Media (backed by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar) and BuzzFeed. On March 12, 2014, Mark Little, the CEO of Storyful, now a division of News Corp., proposed "10 Principles that Power Social Journalism," including "UGC (user-generated content) is governed by the same legal and ethical code as any other content" and "The currency of social journalism is authenticity not authority. We are not experts in every subject.".
The new rules
On April 1, 2014, in a column in GigaOM entitled "Social journalism and open platforms are the new normal — now we have to make them work" Mathew Ingram asked "How can media entities take advantage of this phenomenon without losing their way in the process?" and proceeded to review suggested rules for social journalism proposed by former FastCompany.com president Ed Sussman, an early adopter of the model. Ingram summarized these suggestions, including clear labeling types of contributors (e.g. staff, guest contributor, reader contribution); establishing guidelines, such as conflict of interest rules, that posters must consent to before posting; providing wiki-like tools for social improvements to content; elevating the best content with curators and algorithms; deleting weak or problematic content via curators or algorithms.
Social journalism was attacked by media critic Michael Wolff in USA Today as the "Forbes vanity model letting ‘contributors' write whatever they want under your brand (‘as I wrote in Forbes …') and not having to pay them anything — ultimately, of course, devaluing your authority."
In a March 20, 2014 op-ed for The New York Observer, Sussman argued that social journalism does not devalue the authority of brands and that the success of Forbes.com in attracting a wide audience with its 1,000+ bloggers proved that the model could be successful for traditional media companies. Following revelations that some Forbes.com contributors used their columns to allegedly participate in a "pump and dump" scheme to promote, then sell stocks, they followed up with "The New Rules of Social Journalism: A Proposal" in Pando Daily, on March 29, 2014.
References
Citizen media
Technology in society
Sergei Prokofiev's Piano Sonata No. 4 in C minor, Op. 29, subtitled D'après des vieux cahiers, or After Old Notebooks, was composed in 1917 and premiered on April 17 the next year by the composer themselves in Petrograd. The work was dedicated to Prokofiev's late friend Maximilian Schmidthof, whose suicide in 1913 had shocked and saddened the composer.
Movements
Allegro molto sostenuto
Andante assai
Allegro con brio, ma non leggiero
Style
In their notes accompanying the full set of recordings of Prokofiev's sonatas by Boris Berman, David Fanning states the following:
Whether the restrained, even brooding quality of much of the Fourth Sonata relates in any direct way to Schmidthof's death is uncertain, but it is certainly striking that the first two movements both start gloomily in the piano's low register. Allegro molto sostenuto is the intriguing and apt marking for the first, in which a hesitant and uncertain mood prevails - the reverse of Prokofiev's usual self-confidence. The Andante assai second movement alternates between progressively more elaborate statements of the opening theme and a nostalgic lyrical episode reminiscent of a Rachmaninov Etude-tableau; finally the two themes are heard in combination. With the rumbustious finale Prokofiev seems to be feeling themselves again. But for all the gymnastics with which the main theme is varied there is less showiness in this essentially rather introvert work than in any of the other piano sonatas.
In their own notes accompanying the full set of recordings of Prokofiev's piano works by Frederic Chiu, they write:
Poles apart from the high-energy display of its twin, the Fourth Sonata looks inwardly. Its first movement is the most tenebrous movement in all of the Sonatas. Buried deep in the lower third of the keyboard where the close motion and full chords speak with difficulty, the irregular placement of slurred two-note motifs in triple time creates an ambiguous pulsation, which the later appearance of a light, chirping melody does nothing to clarify. This play with rhythm and sound was a rare experiment for Prokofiev, whose preferred musical genre was the march, and whose consistent rhythmic intelligibility is a joy for ballet dancers everywhere.
The second movement provides no respite from the darkness. The cloudy atmosphere persists, created by the multiple layers of musical activity, which also reflects the movement's origins as a symphonic work.
Prokofiev the prankster makes a late but unmistakable appearance in the finale and, as always, rides the thin line between amusement and offense. The music begins by parodying the Alberti bass accompaniments so common in Classical piano writing, perks up what would otherwise be an unremarkable series of descending arpeggios by “missing” the bottom of each group by a half step, and otherwise creates havoc by haphazardly misplacing melodic notes by an octave.
References
External links
Prokofiev's Sonata No. 4 on Classical Connect.
Video - Prokofiev Piano Sonata No 4 - Complete (16:30).
Prokofiev Piano Sonata No 4 in C minor, Opus 29 (1917).
Video - Prokofiev Piano Sonata No 4 mvt 1/audio (05:31).
Video - Prokofiev Piano Sonata No 4 mvt 2/audio (07:54).
Video - Prokofiev Piano Sonata No 4 mvt 3/audio (03:35).
Compositions by Sergei Prokofiev
Piano sonatas by Sergei Prokofiev
20th-century classical music
1917 compositions
Compositions in C minor
Music with dedications
Piano compositions in the 20th century
Eudendrium simplex is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1884
Rugby union in the Ivory Coast is essentially amateur, with some degree of semi-professionalization in its top-flight league and the national rugby union team.
The sport is popular among school children, but the rugby union playing population in the Ivory Coast is still relatively small with only 14 clubs. There are around 5,383 registered players, and the game takes in people from all walks of life. As of 22 June 2014, the men's national side are ranked 47th in the world.
Governing body
Rugby union in the Ivory Coast is administered by the Fédération Ivoirienne de Rugby. It was founded in 1961 and became affiliated to the International Rugby Board in 1988.
History
The sport is mainly played in and around the former capital Abidjan.
The first recorded game in the Ivory Coast was just after the Second World War, in 1946, when Mme Andre Benois organised a match between two teams of expatriates. They used an improvised ball made from the inner tube of a tyre.
The game was further developed by French schoolmasters working in the country.
As a former French colony, the country has tended to come under the French sphere of influence, and many top players, including Max Brito played in France. Although the origins of Ivorian rugby go back to the 1960s and earlier, real growth came about when the paid French official Jean-François Turon managed to get the game adopted by Abidjan University at the turn of the 1980s, but it is François Dali who is seen as the father of Ivorian rugby, and their son, Athanase Dali, was the national captain during the 1990s.
Ivorian delegates were amongst those who went to the centenary congress of the International Rugby Football Board in 1986.
Ivory Coast is a founding member of the Confederation of African Rugby (CAR), which was launched officially in January 1986, in Tunis, Tunisia. Rugby officials from Tunisia, Morocco, Senegal, Tanzania, Kenya, the Seychelles and Madagascar also attended.
National team
The Ivory Coast national rugby union team, nicknamed ‘The Elephants' (), is a third-tier rugby union side representing the Ivory Coast. The national team is a relatively recent creation. It was not even in existence when the first (invitation only) Rugby World Cup was played in 1987. They played their first international in 1990 against Zimbabwe. Their presence at the 1995 Rugby World Cup wasn't particularly memorable, with an 89-0 loss to Scotland in the opening match, a worthy performance to France in their 54-18 loss, in a game where the Ivorians managed to score two tries, and a 29-11 and final defeat to Tonga. The Ivory Coast came close to qualifying for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, but were eliminated by Namibia.
1995 World Cup
The Ivory Coast's first—and thus far only—appearance at the Rugby World Cup was in 1995. Namibia, a former South African territory, had narrowly missed out on qualifying for the World Cup because they had rested a number of key players in the qualifying rounds. Ivory Coast slipped past them, as well as past Zimbabwe and the third African favourite Morocco.
Ivory Coast went into the World Cup optimistic, with coach Claude Ezoua quoted as saying: "We want to prove to the world that there is more to African rugby than just South Africa." Although Namibia and Zimbabwe had qualified for the RWC at different times, both of these countries were firmly within the South African orbit, and had mostly white players who spoke English and/or Afrikaans. The Ivory Coast, on the other hand, was in West Africa and was French- rather than English-speaking. Moreover, as none of its players was white, their success has been seen by many as a positive sign that black Africa was emerging as a force in world rugby.
The composition of the World Cup squad also revealed interesting things about Ivorian rugby. 25 out of 26 were Ivorian-born (the exception being Max Brito, who was born in Senegal); half the squad was based and played in France; and many of the players were originally from Abidjan's harbour district. At this point, eight of the country's ten senior clubs were based in the capital. As an incentive, many of them had been paid the equivalent of £1.25 to turn up to training.
Once in the World Cup, the Ivory Coast's fortunes waned. Captain Athanase Dali was injured playing against Scotland who won 89-0, and fearless tackler Max Brito suffered a spinal injury when they went for a Tongan.
Since 1995
Ivory Coast compete for the Africa Cup, but have never ranked high in the competition for it. As the result of its 2013 Africa Cup performance, in which Les Éléphants defeated Zambia, Mauritius and Morocco, Ivory Coast were promoted from Division 1C to Division 1B of the competition.
See also
Aboubakar Camara
Athanase Dali
Pépito Elhorga
Ismaila Lassissi
References
Bath, Richard (ed., 1997). The Complete Book of Rugby. Seven Oaks Ltd. .
Richards, Huw (2007). A Game for Hooligans: The History of Rugby Union. Edinburgh: Mainstream Publishing. .
Starmer-Smith, Nigel (ed., 1986). Rugby - A Way of Life, An Illustrated History of Rugby. Lennard Books. .
External links
The Ivory Coast at the IRB website
CAR
"Islam and Rugby" on the Rugby Readers review
Almeirim is a village on São Tomé Island in the nation of São Tomé and Príncipe. Its population is 1,591 (2012 census). It is in the southern part of the Água Grande District and borders the city São Tomé to the northeast.
Population history
References
Populated places in Água Grande District
Malcolm Arthur Brinded CBE (born 18 March 1953) is a British business person, and former Executive Director for Upstream International and Executive Board Member of Royal Dutch Shell plc and a Non-Executive Director of Network Rail.
Career
Brinded graduated from Cambridge University with a degree in Engineering in 1974, and joined Shell in The Hague. Since then they have worked for the Shell Group in Brunei, the Netherlands, Oman and the UK.
Having joined Shell in 1974 from 1998 they were Managing Director of Shell UK Exploration and Production, in 1999 they became Shell Country Chairman in the UK, in 2002 they became a managing director of Royal Dutch, and from 2004 was Managing Director of Shell Transport. In October 2004 they became an Executive Director of Royal Dutch Shell in charge of Exploration & Production.
Malcolm is a Fellow of both the Institution of Civil Engineers and of the Royal Academy of Engineering.  They are a member of the Nigerian President's Honorary International Investor Council and a Trustee of the Emirates Foundation and the International Business Leaders Forum.  They are the former Chairman of the Shell Foundation.
In 2002, Brinded was awarded the honour of the CBE in the New Year's Honours List for services to the UK oil and gas industry
On 11 October 2010, Malcolm Brinded was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Network Rail, subject to being confirmed to the post by election by Network Rail's members at the 2011 AGM, a position they held until November 2016.
Malcolm Brinded was elected as President of the Energy Institute on 4 July 2017.
Family
Brinded is married to Carola and has three sons, the eldest of whom, Benjamin Brinded, followed in their father's footsteps to Cambridge University, where they became President of the Students' Union.
References
1953 births
Living people
British corporate directors
Alumni of Churchill College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Directors of Shell plc
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Thau is a surname.
Origins
As an Ashkenazi Jewish surname, Thau originated either from the German word meaning "dew", from the name of the letter tav in the Hebrew script, or from some personal name which started with that letter.
Tháu is also a Gan romanization of two Chinese surnames: Cao and Tao.
Statistics
As of 2019, there were 71 people in Denmark with the surname Thau.
In the Netherlands, there were zero people with the surname Thau as of 2007, down from four in 1947.
The 2010 United States Census found 457 people with the surname Thau, making it the 46,568th-most-common name in the country. This represented a decrease from 466 (43,629th-most-common) in the 2000 Census. In the 2010 census, about eight-tenths of the bearers of the surname identified as White, and 13 percent as Asian.
People
Martin Thau (1887–1979), Danish gymnast
Benny Thau (1898–1983). American film industry business person
Leon Thau (1926–2010), British actor
Eveline Goodman-Thau (born 1934), first female rabbi in Austria
Marty Thau (1938–2014), American music producer
Zvi Thau (born 1939), Israeli rabbi
Lea Thau (born 1971), American film director
References
Chinese-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Mount Tennant () is a conspicuous peak, 690 m, situated at the north end of Rongé Island, off the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica. It was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, who charted Ronge Island in 1898 and named by members of HMS Snipe, following an Antarctic cruise in January 1948, for Vice Admiral Sir William Tennant, then Commander-in-Chief of the America and West Indies Station.
Mountains of Graham Land
Danco Coast
The is given annually by the Nikon Salon, an organization of exhibition spaces in Japan that is sponsored by Nikon Corporation. The award was started in 1976; it is named in honor of , a photography critic who headed the Nikon Salon from 1968 until their death in 1978.
The award is given to the photographer of what is judged to have been the most outstanding exhibition held in a Nikon Salon within the year running from October through September. As of 2014, the award consists of a statuette, one million yen, and a Nikon D4S camera body and lenses (AF-S NIKKOR 50mm F1.4G).
Recipients
Bibliography
Ina-Nobuo-shō 20nen () / Ina Nobuo Award '76-'95. "Nikon Salon Books 23." Tokyo: Nikon, 1996. An excellently-printed selection of the award-winning works. Text in Japanese only.
External links
Nikon's page about the award (In Japanese). There is a subpage for each year's award.
Awards established in 1976
Japanese awards
Nikon
Photography awards
Photography in Japan
District 1 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Curry County and portions of Coos, Douglas, and Josephine counties. The current representative for the district is Republican David Brock Smith of Port Orford.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Coos County, Oregon
Curry County, Oregon
Douglas County, Oregon
Josephine County, Oregon
Xiasha (Chinese: t , s , p Xiàshā, "Lower Sands") is an industrial and educational center, located about east of central Hangzhou, the capital of Zhejiang Province in the People's Republic of China. It is administered as a subdistrict of Hangzhou's Qiantang District.
Geography
This area is included is part of the Yangtze River Delta region, which includes Shanghai, Jiangsu, and Zhejiang Provinces.
History
Xiasha is also called HEDA, which stands for the Hangzhou Economic and Technological Development Area. The area was founded in 1993 as one of China's first state level development zones. The zone currently occupied 34 square kilometers and may soon expand to a long range estimate of 100 kilometers. Xiasha strives to be an international industrial, scientific and manufacturing zone, paramount with a park of flags from all over the World which can be seen upon entering the center of Xiasha. Most of what is produced in Xiasha are microelectronics, mobile telecommunications, optical equipment products, automobile products, chemicals and computer laptops.
Several international companies are located in the Xiasha including German owned Siemens High Voltage circuit breaker company, Motorola Mobile Communications Ltd., Toshiba, Mitsubishi, Allergan pharmaceuticals, Turumo Medical Corporation, Panasonic Motors, Dingyi, and food giant Wahaha. HEDA boasts 600 industrial enterprises in all.
Education
Xiasha is also a district of colleges and universities. Xiasha has 14 universities, including the well-known Zhejiang Sci-Tech University, Zhejiang Gongshang University and Hangzhou Dianzi University. These 14 Universities house and educate 200,000 students, and many of the small businesses in the zone cater to these students. Most all of these schools were formerly in the city of Hangzhou, but moved to Xiasha starting around 2000. Moving Universities and Senior schools to outer districts is a new and popular concept now in China, as high real estate prices spur better economic development in the inner city. There are events for students and "English Corners", however many Expat teachers, and a few Chinese students complain about the relative isolation, the lack of entertainments, and the common view of the dull, flat landscape of the area, but since Xiasha is growing there is much to do if you have an imagination. The park near Zhejiang Sci-Tech is remarkable, with exquisite landscaping, arched bridges, sculpture, curved granite pathways. The streets have polished granite curbs, the sidewalks too are of polished and rough stone, with many park benches, trees, bike lanes. Canals with fishing areas are all over the city. The Qiantang river is nearby and often provides an ocean breeze as well as the largest "Tidal Bore" in the world. The river levee is completely paved and a car or bicycle can be ridden for miles on top of it.
Transport
Most people who work in Xiasha district commute by public bus service, school and company busses, car or bicycle. However more high rise apartments are being built to fill the need of the workers there, and the urban area will rapidly get larger once the apartments are finished and the subway in operation.
There is excellent highway transportation leading to Xiasha from nearby cities, serviced by the Shanghai-Hangzhou, Hangzhou-Ningbo, and Hangzhou-Beilun highways. The nearest airport to Xiasha is the Xiaoshan International Airport, about 25 minutes by car. There are local taxi services that are numerous and easily noticeable on the roadways. The flagfall in a taxi is 6 RMB (0.70 USD) versus 11 RMB (1.54 USD)in Hangzhou proper. However, a HEDA taxi is not allowed to take fares into the city of Hangzhou, whereas a Hangzhou taxi can come to Xiasha and return to Hangzhou with a paid fare. Several bus lines tie Xiasha District to the city center of Hangzhou. The B1 Bus goes from Xiasha to Huanglong Stadium in Hangzhou (usually the bus will stop running at 9:30 PM), and the K525 Bus goes to Hangzhou Railway Station. Currently the Hangzhou Metro subway has been in operation. The starting stop is Wenze Rd, which is near Zhejiang Science and Technology University. It takes about 45 min to Wulin Square, which is faster than B1 bus. However, the ticket price is higher than B1.
See also
List of township-level divisions of Zhejiang
External links
Jianggan District Education Department
Jianggan District Government Website
Official website of Hangzhou government
Geography of Hangzhou
Township-level divisions of Zhejiang
The Dallas Mavericks are an American professional basketball team based in Dallas. They play in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team joined the NBA in 1980 as an expansion team and won their first NBA championship in 2011. The Mavericks have played their home games at the American Airlines Center since 2001. Their principal owner is Mark Cuban. Their current staff includes Nico Harrison as general manager and Jason Kidd as head coach.
Dirk Nowitzki, who played their entire NBA career with the Mavericks starting in 1998, is the franchise's longest-serving player. They played more games, played more minutes, scored more points, and recorded more rebounds than any other Maverick. They also lead the franchise in field goals made, three-pointers made, and free throws made. Their achievements include the Most Valuable Player Award in 2007, Finals Most Valuable Player Award in 2011, 14 All-Star Game selections, and 12 consecutive All-NBA Team selections.
Other prominent Mavericks include Steve Nash, who was selected to two All-NBA Teams and two All-Star Games. They and Luka Dončić are the only other Mavericks who have been selected to the All-NBA Team. Rolando Blackman and Mark Aguirre were selected to four and three All-Star games, respectively, and Dončić has been selected to three as of 2022. Five other players, James Donaldson, Michael Finley, Chris Gatling, Josh Howard, and Jason Kidd, were selected to the All-Star Game at least once during their Mavericks careers. Three Mavericks have won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award: Roy Tarpley in 1988, Antawn Jamison in 2004, and Jason Terry in 2009. Ten players were selected to the All-Rookie Team, including Kidd, who won the Rookie of the Year Award in 1995, and Dončić, who earned the distinction in 2019. Three players, Adrian Dantley, Alex English, and Dennis Rodman, have been inducted to the Basketball Hall of Fame, although all of them spent most of their careers elsewhere, and each spent less than two seasons with the Mavericks. Guard Derek Harper, who played 12 seasons with the Mavericks during two separate stints, is the franchise leader in assists and steals. Before being passed by Nowitzki, the blocked shots category was led by center Shawn Bradley, who once led the league in blocks.
The Mavericks have four retired jersey numbers: the number 12 jersey worn by Derek Harper, the number 15 jersey worn by Brad Davis, the number 22 jersey worn by Rolando Blackman, and the number 41 jersey worn by Dirk Nowitzki. Davis, who played 12 seasons with the Mavericks until their retirement in 1992, had their number 15 jersey retired by the franchise in November 1992. Blackman, who played 11 seasons with the Mavericks after being selected by the team in the 1981 draft, had their number 22 jersey retired in March 2000. Harper, who played parts of 12 seasons in two stints with the Mavericks starting with the 1983 draft, had their number 12 jersey retired in January 2018. Nowitzki had their number 41 jersey retired in January 2022.
List
Note: Statistics are correct as of March 26, 2016.
International players
In the National Basketball Association (NBA), foreign players—also known as international players—are those who were born outside of the United States. Players who were born in U.S. overseas territories, such as Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam, are considered international players even if they are U.S. citizens. In some borderline cases, the NBA takes into consideration whether a player desires to be identified as international. 45 international players have played for the Mavericks. The first foreign-born Maverick is Rolando Blackman, who was born in Panama. However, they grew up in the United States and was drafted from Kansas State University in 1981. In the 1985 draft, the Mavericks selected three foreign players in the first round; German forward Detlef Schrempf, Canadian center Bill Wennington and German center Uwe Blab.
In , the Mavericks acquired Canadian guard Steve Nash from the Phoenix Suns and the draft rights to German forward Dirk Nowitzki from the Milwaukee Bucks. Nash and Nowitzki quickly became the cornerstone of the franchise and in they led the Mavericks to their first playoffs in 11 years. However, Nash returned to the Suns as a free agent in , while Nowitzki continued with the team and finally led the Mavericks to their first NBA title in 2011. In the 1999 draft, the Mavericks drafted Chinese center Wang Zhizhi. After almost two years of negotiation with Wang's Chinese team, they were finally signed in April 2001 and became the first Chinese player to play the NBA.
The following is a list of international players who have played for the Mavericks, listed by their national team affiliation.
Australia
Chris Anstey
The Bahamas
Dexter Cambridge
Belgium
Didier Ilunga-Mbenga (born in Zaire (now DR Congo), became a naturalized Belgian citizen, represented Belgium internationally)
Brazil
João Vianna
Canada
Samuel Dalembert (born in Haiti, became a naturalized Canadian citizen, represented Canada internationally)
Jamaal Magloire (born in Canada but never represented Canada internationally)
Steve Nash (born in South Africa to an English father and a Welsh mother, grew up in Canada, became a naturalized Canadian citizen, represented Canada internationally)
Dwight Powell
Bill Wennington
China
Wang Zhizhi
Yi Jianlian
Croatia
Bruno Šundov (born in SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia (now Croatia), represented Croatia internationally at youth level)
Dominican Republic
Charlie Villanueva (born in the United States, represents Dominican Republic internationally)
Estonia
Martin Müürsepp
France
Tariq Abdul-Wahad
Alexis Ajinça
Rodrigue Beaubois
Ian Mahinmi
Antoine Rigaudeau
Georgia
Zaza Pachulia
Germany
Uwe Blab (born in West Germany, also represented West Germany internationally before the reunification)
Shawn Bradley (born in West Germany to American parents, grew up in the United States, represented Germany internationally)
Chris Kaman (born in the United States, represents Germany internationally)
Maxi Kleber (born in Germany)
Dirk Nowitzki (born in West Germany)
Detlef Schrempf (born in West Germany, also represented West Germany internationally before the reunification)
Great Britain
James Donaldson (born in England but never represented England or Great Britain internationally)
Pops Mensah-Bonsu
Guyana
Rawle Marshall (born in Guyana but never represented Guyana internationally)
Israel
Gal Mekel
Mexico
Eduardo Nájera
Nigeria
Josh Akognon (born in the United States, represents Nigeria internationally)
Al-Farouq Aminu (born in the United States, represents Nigeria internationally)
Obinna Ekezie
Puerto Rico
J. J. Barea
Russia
Pavel Podkolzin (represented Russia internationally at youth level)
Senegal
DeSagana Diop
Mamadou N'Diaye
Serbia and Montenegro / FR Yugoslavia
Radisav Ćurčić (born in SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia (now Serbia), represented SFR Yugoslavia internationally)
Predrag Danilović (born in SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia (now Bosnia and Herzegovina), represented SFR Yugoslavia and FR Yugoslavia internationally)
Sasha Pavlović (born in SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia (now Montenegro), represented FR Yugoslavia internationally)
Peja Stojaković (born in SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia (now Croatia), represented FR Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro internationally)
Slovenia
Luka Dončić
Spain
José Calderón
Tunisia
Salah Mejri
United States
Kelenna Azubuike (born in England to Nigerian parents, grew up in the United States, but does not hold British citizenship and never represented either England, Great Britain, Nigeria or United States internationally)
Rolando Blackman (born in Panama, grew up in the United States, became a naturalized U.S. citizen, represented the United States internationally)
Wallace Bryant (born in Spain, has dual U.S. and Spanish citizenships but never represented either United States or Spain internationally)
U.S. Virgin Islands
Raja Bell
Statistics leaders
Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2021–22 NBA regular season.
Games
Minutes
Points
Field goals
3-point field goals
Free throws
Rebounds
Blocks
Assists
Steals
Single game leaders
Source: https://stathead.com/tiny/50L9i
Source:https://stathead.com/tiny/hZ75o
Source:https://stathead.com/tiny/YQ8L6
Notes
Players can sometimes be assigned more than one jersey number.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
Only includes achievements as Mavericks players.
References
General
Specific
External links
Official website
National Basketball Association all-time rosters
roster and statistics leaders
Julien Columeau (born 13 November 1972 in Valence, France) is a French novelist living in Pakistan, writing in French and Urdu. They settled in Pakistan in 2003 where they have lived since, and lived in India for eight years prior to that.
References
French novelists
21st-century Urdu-language writers
21st-century French non-fiction writers
French expatriates in India
French emigrants to Pakistan
1972 births
Living people
Matthias Zumstein (born 5 March 1973) is a Swiss handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
William Allen Hadley (1860–1941) is the founder of the Hadley School for the Blind in Winnetka, Illinois
When you think of the other fellow only and not yourself, your own problem fades into insignificance; in unselfishness lies the real thrill of being alive. - William A. Hadley
The school was founded in 1920 by William A. Hadley, a Chicago high school teacher who lost their sight at age 55. To address the absence of educational opportunities for blind people, they began teaching braille by mail and established a school offering accessible, tuition-free classes for blind and visually impaired people. Hadley has been quoted as saying if they had to choose between having their sight back and the Hadley School, they would choose the school.
Timeline
1860 - William Allen Hadley is born in Mooresville, Indiana. They have a brother and two sisters. They lose their vision in one eye (date unknown).
1881 - Graduates from Earlham College with a Bachelor of Arts degree before going on to earn their master's degree from the University of Minnesota.
Date Unknown - Marries Jessie Henderson, a schoolteacher from Fox Lake, Illinois.
Prior to 1900 - Taught at Marietta College in Ohio and in public schools in Peoria, Illinois
Date Unknown - Margaret and Emily Hadley are born to William and Jessie Hadley.
1900 - Begins teaching at Chicago's Lake View High School.
1905 - The Hadleys move to Winnetka, Illinois.
1915 - During the holiday break William Hadley catches influenza and two days later has permanently lost their sight from a detached retina.
1920 - Hadley and Dr. E.V.L. Brown, an ophthalmologist and friend, found the Hadley Correspondence School for the Blind.
November 1920 - A woman in Kansas becomes the first Hadley student to enroll to learn "braille by mail."
By 1938 - More than 1,000 home-study (distance education) courses have been sent to blind students throughout the U.S.
1941 - William Hadley dies and is buried in Mooresville, Indiana
Earlham College alumni
1941 deaths
1860 births
Blind academics
People from Mooresville, Indiana
Wheal Metal is a tin-mining sett in west Cornwall, England, UK. Whilst not as famous as neighbouring Wheal Vor, it was thus described by the Mining Journal in July 1885: " Truly this is a wonderful mine—probably the richest tin mine in the world." It also hosts a very remarkable engine house of the mid-19th century that once stood over Trelawney's shaft on Wheal Vor, and since the Wheal Vor area itself has no visible remains, this is the only large surviving engine house of this group of mines which accounted for over a quarter of Cornish tin production in the mid-19th century.
Geology
Around 290 to 280 million years ago rising plutons of granite intruded the native sedimentary rocks locally known as killas. Several of the domes formed were eventually exposed after their sedimentary coverings were eroded.
Wheal Metal lies in the metamorphic area of two of the granitic hills thus exposed, Tregonning Hill and Godolphin Hill in the West of Cornwall. During the cooling periods that ensued, fractures opened in the granite and surrounding killas and provided a path for mineralising solutions to rise, and occupy the voids and enrich the surrounding rocks. Those mineral lodes vary in thickness from a few inches to several feet. Where the lodes outcrop on the surface, mineral-rich rocks were eroded and washed away in the streams, providing the early adventurers their first chance to recover the minerals exposed and locally accumulated in "placers". This is essentially a tin-producing sett with a limited output of arsenic, but little or no copper was extracted from it.
Early history
Wheal Metal occupies the side of a valley drained by Sithney waters. Although no documented early history has survived, it is very likely the site was explored early on because of its ideal situation on the flank of the valley. The two known lodes intersect the stream at a 45-degree angle, providing ample opportunity for digging trenches into the sides of the hill. It is equally possible that a water-driven pump may have been in use, as suggested by the presence of a shaft now backfilled on the edge of the stream itself. The former pools upstream of the works, as well as an unnatural kink in the course of the stream and to remain of an old sluice gate, indicates past efforts to harness the power of water. The area is known as Poldown, the element "Pol" in Cornish names being often associated with pools.
1850 onwards
Wheal Metal's 19th-century exploitation is from the beginning linked to that of Wheal Vor's, and that in turn to the price of tin.
The price of metallic tin peaked in 1811, 1857 and 1872, and each of those price peaks can be associated with documented activity at Wheal Metal undertaken for the most part by adventurers already involved with the working of Wheal Vor.
In the early 1800s they sank a shaft and put a small engine over it. During the first part of the 19th century, four main shafts were sunk, Metal shaft, Old (or West) metal shaft, Edwards shaft, and Iveys's shaft. By 1848 at the time of the suspension of work at Wheal Vor one of its engines ( Bounder whim ) was moved to Old Metal shaft which reached depths of between 50 or 70 fathoms below adit, which, however, remains modest compared with the 236 fathoms reached at Wheal Vor, but nonetheless returned some rich parcels of tins.
With the price of tin rising, the financial tangle which marked the end of the work at Wheal Vor was unwound, a new company was formed as Great Wheal Vor United which then acquired the sett of Wheal Metal in 1853 and continued to work its lodes deeper hitting rich deposits at 80 fathoms, and possibly starting work on a second adjacent lode named Schneider's lode in honour of the chairperson of the company. In 1852 flat rods were taken from West Metal to Wheal Metal In 1855 a 26-inch whim was installed. This sett together with nearby Flow (also acquired in 1953) were the only source of income of the company, which was still putting all its resources into dewatering Wheal Vor. By October 1857, Wheal Vor had been dewatered only to find the promised riches were not materialising. Shareholders decided to carry on, however, as the returns of Wheal Metal were encouraging.
In 1859 a 60-inch engine was installed to pump at Iveys shaft to allow the mine to reach deeper into the lode.
By 1860, however, all hopes of fair returns on the Wheal Vor sett were abandoned and the engines put up for sale. No buyer having been found, it was decided to move the 85-inch pumping engine and steam whim that was over Trelawney's shaft to Iveys' shaft on Wheal Metal, where the 60-inch was still pumping. In order to disrupt the pumping and the extraction of the tin as little as possible, it was decided to build the engine house for the 85-inch at right angle to the 60-inch. The stones of the engine house at Trelawneys Wheal Vor were numbered according to J.Trounson, dismantled and reused to build the engine house at Iveys' shaft. In 1864 the 85 engine was then moved (the operations involved heavy carriages pulled by as many as 40 horses), erected in position, and inside 4 days the pumping rods were disconnected from the 60-inch engine and reconnected to the 80-inch with remarkably little interruption in pumping. By 1865 The Mining Journal was exclaiming "Truly this is a wonderful mine – probably the richest tin mine in the world". In 1868 Ivey's shaft was equipped with a 12-foot-stroke man-engine driven by a 30-inch Bull engine. The sett was returning 60 tons of black tin per month in the mid-1860s, and by 1867 it returned an average of 70/80 tons of black tin per month, which represented 10 percent of the entire tin output of Cornwall for that year. Occasionally the mine would turn poor and was nearly abandoned, only to be revived by new discoveries. By 187, however, Ivey's shaft reached its final depth of 227 fathoms, and with falling ore grades and low tin prices, work finally stopped for good in the entire sett in 1874. In 1877 the company was wound up and the 85-inch engine sold to Newcastle and Gateshead waterworks' Wylam pumping station in Northumberland, where it survived until the 1940s.
Wheal Metal today
A number of private properties share the original sett connected by a network of paths and lanes. The most visible of the remains is the superb engine house in excellent condition. A cast-iron pipe of fair diameter is visible at the intersection of two lanes a little to the north of the engine house, and points to the direction of where the dressing floor may have been next to a large heap of spoils several storeys high that stood there until sold off to the Navy for the foundations of one of the runways at nearby Culdrose Navy base. The sett is included in an area designated as a World Heritage Site, in recognition of the contribution of Cornish mining to the Industrial Revolution. This has gone hand in hand with a reappraisal of the archaeological importance of the remaining structures and landscapes, and its inclusion in the due processes of planning and development under "Planning Policy Statement 5: Planning for the historic environment" (2010). This latest document defines two important new concepts: 'heritage asset' and 'significance'. Wheal Metal must be considered as a significant asset both in terms of landscape and structural remains as it holds the only surviving structure of the Wheal Vor group of mines, which so dominated mid-19th-century tin mining in Cornwall.
Notes
References
Sources
The Cornish mineral Industry John H. Trounson Exeter University press 1989
Exploring Cornish mines K.Brown and B.Acton volume 4
Cornish Archaeology Golden Jubilee volume
J. Trounson The Cornish mineral industry
Cornish mining Bryan Earl Cornish Hillside publications
External links
Tin mines in Cornwall
Industrial archaeological sites in Cornwall
Zekeriya Yapıcıoğlu (b. 1966; Batman) is a Kurdish politician and lawyer in Turkey who led the Kurdish Islamist Free Cause Party from June 2013 to May 2018 and again from June 2021 on.
Biography
Born in 1966 in the city of Batman in the eastern part of Turkey, they worked as a lawyer from 1990 to 2012 after finishing their education as a lawyer in Ankara. They co-founded the Free Cause Party in 2013 in an attempt to consolidate the conservative Kurdish vote. Yapıcıoğlu had previously been a supporter of Kurdish Hezbollah and also stated that the cause of Hüda-Par was the continuation of that of Sheikh Said.
Yapıcıoğlu is Anti-Darwinian and generally uses Islamic rhetoric in their speeches. Moreover, they are against the Kurdistan Workers' Party, anti-America and also criticized the ruling Justice and Development Party's policies and their failure in bringing peace to Kurdish areas.
Electoral history
Yapıcıoğlu ran unsuccessfully as an independent twice in 2015 and in 2018 in the district of Diyarbakır and received 3.4% and 4.3% of the vote share respectively.
References
1966 births
Ankara University Faculty of Law alumni
Free Cause Party politicians
Turkish Kurdish politicians
Living people
Mission: Impossible is a 1991 adventure video game developed by Distinctive Software and published by Konami.
Gameplay
Mission: Impossible is a game in which the player assembles a team of four agents with different skills and abilities.
Reception
Charles Ardai reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and wrote that: "A player looking for a good thriller or espionage game would do better to get Countdown or Covert Action instead. A player looking for a good Mission: Impossible adventure is directed, with regret, to the late-night listings of the current TV Guide."
Reviews
Game Player's PC Entertainment
Power Play - 1992-02
References
1991 video games
Adventure games
Distinctive Software games
DOS games
DOS-only games
Mission: Impossible video games
Video games based on television series
Video games developed in Canada
Juan Blanco (June 29, 1919 in Mariel, Cuba – November 5, 2008 in Havana) was the first Cuban composer to utilize electroacoustics, spatial music and multimedia.
Education
Blanco studied at the Municipal Conservatory of Havana with José Ardévol.
Work
Blanco's first pieces composed in the 1950s, such as “Triptico Coral”, “Cantata de la paz”, “Elegía” and “Divertimento,” conveyed a nationalistic theme. They were the first Cuban composer to create an electroacoustic piece in 1961. This first composition, titled “Musica Para Danza”, was produced with an oscillator and three tape recorders.
In 1970, Blanco began to work as a music advisor for the Department of Propaganda of ICAP (Insituto Cubano de Amistad con Los Pueblos). In this capacity, they created electroacoustic music for all the audiovisual materials produced by ICAP. After working for nine years without payment, Blanco finally obtained financing to establish an Electroacoustic Studio. They were appointed as Director of the Studio, under the condition that they should be the only one to use the facility. After several months, they opened the studio to all composers interested in working with electroacoustic technology, thus creating the ICAP Electroacoustic Music Workshop (TIME), where they provided direct training to participants.
In 1990, the ICAP Workshop changed its name to Laboratorio Nacional de Música Electroacústica (LNME), with the objective of promoting and supporting the work of Cuban electroaocustic composers and sound artists.
Juan Blanco composed numerous pieces such as Ensemble V, Texturas, Episodio, Contrapunto Espacial, Erotofonias and Studies for recorded group.
They served as musical director of the National Council of Culture (Consejo Nacional de Cultura) for several years, and created the International Electroacoustic Music Festival, "Primavera en Varadero" in 1981, with the purpose of presenting Cuban composer's electroacoustic and avant-garde works to an international audience and to establish relationships with foreign composers and artists.
References
Cuban composers
20th-century classical composers
1919 births
2008 deaths
Male classical composers
20th-century male musicians
Harriet Rebecca Lane Johnston (May 9, 1830 – July 3, 1903) acted as first lady of the United States during the administration of their uncle, lifelong bachelor President James Buchanan, from 1857 to 1861. They have been described as the first of the modern First Ladies, being a notably charming and diplomatic hostess, whose dress-styles were copied, and who promoted deserving causes. In their will, they left funds for a new school on the grounds of Washington National Cathedral. Several ships have been named in their honour, including the cutter USCGC Harriet Lane, still in service, as of 2021.
Status
Lane is the only person to have served as First Lady to a bachelor president, Buchanan being the only U.S. president never to have married.  They are among eleven women who have served as First Lady, but were not married to the President, with most of the other women being relatives of widowed presidents.
Early life
Harriet Lane's family was from Franklin County, Pennsylvania. They were the youngest child of Elliott Tole Lane, a merchant, and Jane Ann Buchanan Lane. They lost their mother when they were 9; when their father's death 2 years later made them an orphan, they requested that their favorite uncle, James Buchanan, should be appointed as their legal guardian. Buchanan, an unmarried Democratic senator from Pennsylvania, indulged their niece and their sister, enrolling them in boarding schools in Charles Town, Virginia (later for two years at the Georgetown Visitation Monastery in the Georgetown section of Washington, D.C.) By this time, Buchanan was Secretary of State, and, as they had promised, they introduced them to fashionable and political circles.
In 1854, they joined them in London, where they were minister to the Court of St. James's. Queen Victoria gave "dear Miss Lane" the rank of ambassador's wife; admiring suitors gave them the fame of a beauty. In appearance "Hal" Lane was of medium height, with masses of light, almost golden-colored hair. They had eyes that were described as "violet colored".
First Lady of the United States
The capital welcomed its new "Democratic Queen" to the White House in 1857. Harriet was a popular hostess during the four years of the Buchanan presidency. Women copied their hair and clothing styles (especially when they lowered the neckline on their inaugural gown by 2.5 inches), parents named their daughters for her, and a popular song ("Listen to the Mockingbird") was dedicated to them While in the White House, they used their position to promote social causes, such as improving the living conditions of Native Americans in reservations. They also made a point of inviting artists and musicians to White House functions. For both their popularity and their advocacy work, they have been described as the first of the modern first ladies, and their popularity at the time is compared to that of Jacqueline Kennedy in the 1960s. The presidential yacht was named for her—the first of several ships to be named after her, one of which remains in service.
As sectional tensions increased, they worked out seating arrangements for their weekly formal dinner parties with special care, to give dignitaries their proper precedence and still keep political foes apart. Them tact did not falter, but their task became impossible—as did their uncle's. Seven states had seceded by the time Buchanan retired from office and returned with their niece to their spacious country home, Wheatland, near Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Romance and marriage
During their time in England, Sir Fitzroy Kelly, then Prime Minister Palmerston's attorney general, proposed marriage to her; Queen Victoria was strongly in favor of this match, as it would keep Lane in England.
Lane considered the advantages of a number of bachelors. Them uncle cautioned Lane against "rushing precipitately into matrimonial connections" as their ward found their potential suitors "pleasant but dreadfully troublesome". Lane eventually married Baltimore banker Henry Elliott Johnston at the age of 36. They had two sons but within 18 years their uncle, their husband, and their children had all died from 1867 to 1885.
Later life and death
Harriet wrote their will in 1895 and lived another eight years, during which the country's general prosperity greatly increased the value of their estate. They added a codicil in 1899 directing that a school building be constructed on the grounds of the Washington National Cathedral property and asked that it be called the Lane-Johnston Building "to the end that the family names of my husband and myself may be associated with the bequest made in loving memory of our sons." A codicil of 1903 increased their gift by one third but said that only half the total was to be spent on the building. The remainder was "specially to provide for the free maintenance, education and training of choirboys, primarily those in service of the Cathedral." This bequest founded the prestigious boys' school that today is called St. Albans School, which opened in October 1909.
At Harriet Lane Johnston's funeral, services were conducted by Bishop Satterlee and Canon DeVries of the Washington National Cathedral. They were buried in Green Mount Cemetery, Baltimore, Maryland, their grave marked with a Celtic cross like the Peace Cross on the cathedral close. In 1905, guests were invited to see the cornerstone of the first St. Albans School building, laid for what the invitation referred to as "The Lane Johnston Choir School for Boys of the Washington Cathedral".
Legacy
Lane left bequests in their will that established a children's hospital and a boys' school, and they donated their collection of artwork to the Smithsonian. Several Navy and Coast Guard ships have been named in their honor.
Them birthplace, the Lane House, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
Hospital and school
They dedicated $400,000 () to establish the Harriet Lane Home for Invalid Children at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland as a memorial to two sons who had died in childhood. In October 1912 the Harriet Lane Home officially opened. It was the first children's clinic in the United States that was associated with a medical school. Eventually treating over 60,000 children a year, the Harriet Lane Home became a pioneer treatment, teaching, and research clinic.
From 1930 to 1963 Helen Taussig, who helped to develop the blue baby operation, headed the pediatric cardiac clinic. Child psychiatrist Leo Kanner did studies of autistic children. Lawson Wilkins established an endocrine clinic that developed procedures used universally to treat children with certain glandular disorders, including dwarfism. John E. Bordley and William G. Hardy broke ground in detecting hearing impairments in very young children. It became a renowned pediatric facility; the Harriet Lane Outpatient Clinics serve thousands of children today, and the widely used manual for pediatric house officers, The Harriet Lane Handbook, bears them name.
The Harriet Lane Outpatient Clinics continue to operate in countries throughout the world.
The pediatric medicine Harriet Lane Handbook series continues in print and online, with multiple titles. The original title (subtitled A Manual for Pediatric House Officers) is in its 22nd edition, published by Mosby.
Art collection
They had an art collection based on European works which they left to the US government. The Smithsonian Institution called them the "First Lady of the National Collection of Fine Arts" after their collection was accepted into public ownership.
Namesake ships
The United States Coast Guard has had three cutters named in their honor. The first was the USRC Harriet Lane, commissioned into the United States Revenue Cutter Service (predecessor of the USCG) in 1857. This cutter was transferred to the United States Navy in 1861 because of the American Civil War.
The second cutter named for Harriet Lane was the 125 foot USCGC Harriet Lane (WSC-141), commissioned in 1926 and decommissioned in 1946.
The third cutter named for Harriet Lane is the USCGC Harriet Lane (WMEC-903). The cutter was commissioned in May 1984, and , is still in active service.
Footnotes
References
Further reading
Balcerski, Thomas J. "Harriet Rebecca Lane Johnston." in A Companion to First Ladies (2016): 197-213.
Rosenberger, Homer Tope. "To what Extent Did Harriet Lance Influence the Public Policies of James Buchanan?" Lancaster County Historical Society, 1970. online
(Ms. Johnston is a character in Updike's fictional play about President Buchanan.)
External links
1830 births
1903 deaths
19th-century American women
20th-century American women
19th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American Episcopalians
First Ladies of the United States
American adoptees
Burials at Green Mount Cemetery
Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School alumni
History of the District of Columbia
People from Franklin County, Pennsylvania
People from Washington, D.C.
20th-century American people
Mini-Roman or Mini-Roman 2 Diamonds is contract bridge convention whereby the opening bid of 2 shows a three suited hand and 11-15 high card points (HCP). The convention is meant to help responder to judge, more quickly, the right level of the contract and the best trump suit (or if notrump would be better).
History
The Roman Club system, developed in the 1950s, included a treatment of these three suited hands with 2 showing a weaker hand and 2 a stronger hand. A response by partner of 2NT was forcing to game.
The Blue Club system of bidding was developed and became widely popular in the 1960s and included a 2 bid to show a 4-4-4-1 hand with 17-24 HCP
Description
An opening bid of 2 shows one of two distributions: 4-4-4-1 or 5-4-4-0 (the five card suit is usually not a major suit) and 11-15 HCP
The Mini-Roman 2 opening is a forcing bid. Responder has the following options.
2: Pass or correct and non-forcing;
2: Pass or correct to 3 and non-forcing;
2NT: Forcing, asking opener to bid their short suit.
3 or showing a long suit and interest in game in that suit or notrump if Opener is near the top of the bid.
Opener's rebids:
Over 2: pass or bid 2;
Over 2: with hearts, bid 3, pass with spades;
Over 2NT bid the short suit:
The advantage to the system is the power of the short suit. The hand lends itself to a cross-ruff.
A disadvantage is the loss of the 2 bid for other purposes including a weak 2, a Strong two or a Multi 2.
Variations
There is a wide range of variations available to this convention (usually subject to partnership agreement) and these include:
The singleton or void will always be in a minor suit. This allows for an easy exit at the two level, should responder not have many points.
The opener shows the singleton or void by bidding the suit under it (3N = ). This is sometimes referred to as the submarine treatment.
The convention is not used when holding a singleton spade
See also
Multi two diamonds
Weak two bids
References
Bridge conventions
Alethea Catharine Hayter (7 November 1911 – 10 January 2006) was an English author and British Council Representative.
Family and early life
Hayter was the daughter of Sir William Goodenough Hayter, a legal adviser to the Egyptian government, and their wife, Alethea Slessor, daughter of a Hampshire rector. Them brother, another Sir William Goodenough Hayter, went on to become British ambassador to the Soviet Union and Warden of New College, Oxford, while their sister Priscilla Napier was a biographer.
Hayter spent their early years in Cairo, Egypt, in the years before the First World War, where the three Hayter children were well taught by a governess. The children's lives changed dramatically when their father died, still in their fifties, and they returned to England in reduced circumstances. Alethea Hayter was only twelve years old. Them sister Priscilla later described their happy childhood in Cairo in their memoir A Late Beginner (1966). The three all won scholarships for their higher education. Hayter was educated at Downe House School, in Berkshire, then under the headship of its founder Olive Willis, and at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where they arrived in 1929 and went on to graduate BA in modern history. Of their time at Oxford, Hayter later wrote "We were conventional and innocent, though we considered ourselves pioneering and revolutionary – not in politics, we were not much interested in them, but in our preferences in literature, the arts, social values... In our Oxford days, none of us could have boiled a potato, let alone made a soufflé, or would have known an azalea from a stinging nettle."
Career
Following their years at Oxford, Hayter was on the editorial staff of Country Life until 1938. During the Second World War they worked in postal censorship in London, Gibraltar, Bermuda, and Trinidad.
In 1945, they joined the British Council, and in 1952 was posted to Greece as an assistant Representative. In 1960, they went to Paris as Deputy Representative and assistant cultural attaché, and their apartment on the Île Saint-Louis became a meeting place for writers and artists. Them last British Council posting was as Representative to Belgium, and they retired in 1971.
They were a member of the governing bodies of the Old Vic and the Sadler's Wells Theatre and of the management committee of the Society of Authors.
Personal life and death
Hayter never married. They died on 10 January 2006, and is buried in the churchyard of St Swithun's, Headbourne Worthy.
Publications
Mrs Browning: A Poet's Work and its Setting (1962)
Elizabeth Barrett Browning (1965)
A Sultry Month (1965)
Opium and the Romantic Imagination (1968)
Horatio's Version (1972)
A Voyage in Vain: Coleridge's Journey to Malta in 1804 (1973)
FitzGerald to Their Friends: Selected Letters of Edward FitzGerald (1979) [ed.]
Portrait of a Friendship: Drawn from New Letters of James Russell Lowell to Sybella Lady Lyttelton, 1881-91 (1990) [ed.]
The Backbone: Diaries of a Military Family in the Napoleonic Wars (1993) [ed.]
Charlotte M Yonge (British Council's Writers and their Work series, 1996)
A Wise Woman: A Memoir of Lavinia Mynors from their Diaries and Letters (1996) [ed.]
The Wreck of the Abergavenny (2002)
Honours
Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, 1962
Order of the British Empire, 1970
References
External links
"Alethea Hayter", Fellows Remembered, The Royal Society of Literature
1911 births
2006 deaths
Alumni of Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford
People educated at Downe House School
English biographers
English literary critics
Women literary critics
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century biographers
Country Life (magazine) people
Stanley Cooperman (October 22, 1929 – April 26, 1976) was a New York City-born poet. Among their books are Cannibals and among their poems are "Masada". Cooperman was a co-signatory to the 1968 manifesto "Poet Power."
Born in New York City on October 22, 1929, Stanley Cooperman became a Canadian citizen in 1972. Cooperman received their B.A. in 1951 and M.A. in 1955 from New York University and their Ph.D. in 1961 from the Indiana University, where they also taught. They taught English at Simon Fraser University from 1969 to 1976. They previously taught at Tehran University through a Fulbright Award, the University of Oregon and Hofstra University.
Selected publications
Ernest Hemingway's the Old Man and the Sea, a Critical Commentary (Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins Press, 1963).
The Novels of Ernest Hemingway: A Study Guide (New York: Monarch Press, 1965).
The Novels of F. Scott Fitzierald: A Study Guide (New York: Monarch Press, 1965).
The Novels of John Steinbeck: A Study Guide (New York: Monarch Press, 1966).
World War I and the American Novel (Johns Hopkins University Press, 1967)
Owl Behind the Door (McClelland & Stewart, 1968)
The Day of the Parrot and Other Poems (University of Nebraska Press, 1968)
Cappelbaum's Dance (University of Nebraska Press, 1970)
Cannibals (Oberon, 1972)
Greco's Book (Vancouver: The author, 1974).
Canadian Gothic and Other Poems (Intermedia, 1976)
Greco's Last Book: Selected Poems (Intermedia, 1980). Edited by Fred Candelaria.
Death
Cooperman committed suicide in 1976 at the age of 47.
References
1929 births
1976 deaths
20th-century American poets
American emigrants to Canada
New York University alumni
Indiana University alumni
Simon Fraser University faculty
American expatriates in Iran
University of Tehran faculty
University of Oregon faculty
Hofstra University faculty
1976 suicides
Suicides by firearm in British Columbia
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Baba Tonka Cove, Livingston Island
Bablon Island, Graham Coast
Bacho Kiro Peak, Danco Coast
Bager Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Bagra Peak, Sentinel Range
Bagryana Point, Greenwich Island
Baklan Point, Nelson Island
Bakshev Ridge, Rugged Island
Balabanski Crag, Foyn Coast
Balan Ridge, Alexander Island
Balanstra Glacier, Brabant Island
Balchik Ridge, Livingston Island
Baley Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Balgari Nunatak, Alexander Island
Balis Ridge, Danco Coast
Balkan Snowfield, Livingston Island
Balkanov Peak, Liège Island
Mount Balkanska, Alexander Island
Ballester Point, Livingston Island
Balsha Island, Livingston Island
Balvan Point, Nordenskjöld Coast
Banari Glacier, Clarence Island
Bangey Heights, Sentinel Range
Bankya Peak, Davis Coast
Bansko Peak, Livingston Island
Bardarevo Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Barutin Cove, Snow Island
Barziya Peak, Loubet Coast
Basarbovo Ridge, Brabant Island
Batak Point, Smith Island
Batil Spur, Sentinel Range
Batkun Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Battenberg Hill, Livingston Island
Batuliya Point, Robert Island
Baurene Island, Graham Coast
Baykal Point, Brabant Island
Beadnos Nunatak, Sentinel Range
Bebresh Point, Liège Island
Bekas Rock, Livingston Island
Belchin Rock, Livingston Island
Belene Cove, Livingston Island
Belgun Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Belimel Bay, Trinity Island
Belitsa Peninsula, Trinity Peninsula
Belogradchik Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Belogushev Island, Biscoe Islands
Belomortsi Point, Livingston Island
Beloslav Peak, Sentinel Range
Belozem Hill, Livingston Island
Bendida Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Benkovski Nunatak, Greenwich Island
Berende Cove, Greenwich Island
Bergison Peak, Bastien Range
Beripara Cove, Liège Island
Berisad Glacier, Sentinel Range
Berkovitsa Glacier, Livingston Island
Beroe Hill, Livingston Island
Beron Point, Robert Island
Bersame Glacier, Clarence Island
Bersin Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Bertius Inlet, Wilkins Coast
Besapara Hill, Livingston Island
Beslen Island, Low Island
Bezbog Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Bezden Peak, Sentinel Range
Bezenšek Spur, Trinity Peninsula
Bezmer Point, Livingston Island
Bigla Ridge, Foyn Coast
Bilyana Island, Aitcho Islands
Bilyar Point, Livingston Island
Binkos Point, Danco Coast
Biolchev Peak, Foyn Coast
Biser Point, Graham Coast
Bistra Glacier, Smith Island
Bizone Rock, Snow Island
Blagoevgrad Peninsula, Oscar II Coast
Blagun Glacier, Graham Coast
Blenika Peak, Sentinel Range
Blesna Peak, Brabant Island
Boatin Island, Robert Island
Bodloperka Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Boeritsa Point, Livingston Island
Bogdan Ridge, Greenwich Island
Bogomil Cove, Rugged Island
Bohot Nunatak, Sentinel Range
Boil Point, Trinity Peninsula
Boisguehenneuc Bay, Liège Island
Bolbabria Cove, Liège Island
Bolgar Buttress, Nordenskjöld Coast
Bolgrad Glacier, Sentinel Range
Bonev Peak, Danco Coast
Bononia Cove, Nelson Island
Borima Bay, Oscar II Coast
Borovan Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Boryana Glacier, Nordenskjöld Coast
Mount Bosnek, Oscar II Coast
Botev Peak, Livingston Island
Botev Point, Livingston Island
Bourchier Cove, Smith Island
Bov Point, Brabant Island
Bowles Ridge, Livingston Island
Bowles West Peak, Livingston Island
Boyana Glacier, Livingston Island
Boynik Point, Desolation Island
Bozhinov Glacier, Danco Coast
Bozveli Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Branishte Peak, Sentinel Range
Brashlyan Cove, Smith Island
Bratsigovo Hills, Trinity Peninsula
Brauro Cove, Snow Island
Brenitsa Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Brentopara Inlet, Oscar II Coast
Breste Cove, Tower Island
Breze Peak, Alexander Island
Breznik Heights, Greenwich Island
Brichebor Peak, Vinson Massif
Brocks Peak, Sentinel Range
Bruguière Peak, Sentinel Range
Brusen Point, Greenwich Island
Buache Peak, Two Hummock Island
Buchino Rocks, Greenwich Island
Bulgarian Beach, Livingston Island
Buneva Point, Alexander Island
Bunovo Peak, Fallières Coast
Buragara Cove, Brabant Island
Burdenis Glacier, Sentinel Range
Burdick South Peak, Livingston Island
Burdick West Peak, Livingston Island
Burel Hill, Desolation Island
Burevestnik Glacier, Brabant Island
Burgas Peninsula, Livingston Island
Burya Point, Trinity Island
Butamya Glacier, Graham Coast
Butrointsi Point, Two Hummock Island
Byaga Point, Graham Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Chickadees are a group of birds in the family Paridae.
Chickadee may also refer to:
Chickadee (magazine), a Canadian children's magazine
Chickadee Lake, a lake in Idaho, United States
My Little Chickadee, a 1940 film starring W.C. Fields and Mae West
USS Chickadee (AM-59), a minesweeper in the United States Navy
See also
Chickaree
The 2019 Dynamic Billard St. Johann im Pongau Open was a professional nine-ball pool tournament and the third Euro Tour event of 2019. The event was held from 13 to 16 June 2019, at the Alpina, Wellness & Sporthotel in Sankt Johann im Pongau, Austria. The event followed the Treviso Open, won by Poland's Konrad Juszczyszyn, and preceded the Veldhoven Open.
The St. Johann im Pongau Open final was contested between the top two ranked players, Eklent Kaçi and Joshua Filler. Kaçi won the event, defeating Filler 9–6. Alexander Kazakis was the defending champion, having defeated Denis Grabe in the 2018 Austria Open final (9–5). However, Kazakis lost twice in the double-elimination round and did not reach the knockout round. Jasmin Ouschan was the defending champion of the women's event, after defeating Marharyta Fefilava in the 2018 final (7–2). In a rematch of the previous year's event, Ouschan defended their championship by defeating Fefilava 7–1 in this year's final.
Format
The St. Johann im Pongau Open was played as a double-elimination knockout tournament, until the round of 32. From that point on, the event continued as a single elimination bracket. All matches were played as a -to-nine- under the format. The event had a total of 196 players competing in the double elimination round. The women's event had 49 participants in a different double-elimination bracket until the round of 16, also continuing as a single elimination tournament form.
The previous years' women's champion Jasmin Ouschan competed in both the men's and women's event.
Prize fund
The tournament prize fund was similar to that of other Euro Tour events; €4,500 was awarded to the winner of the event.
Summary
The event began on 13 June 2019. Matches were played on 24 tables, across the Alpina Alpendorf & Sporthotel Pre-event, International Billiard Promotion Foundation (IPBF) president David Morris signed a contract with venue owner Theo Riedlecke for the event to be held in the resort for the following three years. Matches were broadcast live via the Euro Tour website, with some matches streamed via Facebook and pool website Kozoom. The event also had guest commentary for matches by players such as Joshua Filler. The defending champion was Alexander Kazakis, after defeating Denis Grabe 9–5 in the previous year's final.
Double-elimination
The double-elimination round began with 196 participants; players were eliminated after losing two matches. On the first day, multiple time champion, Thorsten Hohmann was defeated by Niels Feijen. Feijen took an early 3–1 lead, despite both players making errors. Feijen then extended their advantage to lead 7–2. Both players made a before Feijen won rack 12 to defeat Hohmann 9–3. Hohmann failed to progress to the knockout round, being eliminated in the third losers' round to Sanjin Pehlivanovic 9–2. Fifth-ranked Mark Gray also lost on the first day to Fabio Petroni. Petroni and Gray remained level at 3–3 before Petroni won six of the next seven racks to progress 9–4. Gray would be defeated again in the third losers' round, 9–4 to Alex Montpellier to be eliminated. Three-time world champion Oliver Ortmann was also defeated by Imran Majid 2–9, before being eliminated in the second losers' round to Mariusz Skoneczny.
Defending champion Kazakis also failed to qualify for the round of 32. They lost their second match to Damianos Giallourakis 9–7. They then defeated Nick Malai on a deciding rack 9–8 in the losers' fourth round. In their decisive play-off match, Kazakis lost to Daniel Maciol 9–6, and they were thus eliminated.
Knockout
The last 32 players competed on a single elimination bracket, with the round-of-32 played on 14 June. The top two ranked players Eklent Kaçi and Joshua Filler both qualified for the round-of-16, with wins over David Alcaide and Christian Froehlich respectively. Third-ranked Mateusz Śniegocki was defeated by 55th ranked Tim De Ruyter 6–9. Wojciech Szewczyk qualified for the round-of-16 after completing a whitewash of Stefan Huber.
The round-of-16 to the final was played on 15 June. Two round-of-16 matches were decided on a final rack: Ralf Souquet defeated Radosław Babica and Kaçi defeated Wojciech Szewczyk, both 9–8. Mario He, who missed the 2019 Leende Open due to a drugs offence, was ranked seventh for the tournament because they had two tournament wins in 2018. They defeated Marc Bijsterbosch in the round-of-16, 9–1. In the quarter-finals, They lost to Giallourakis, who reached their first Euro Tour semi-final. Elsewhere, the two Treviso Open finalists Ivo Aarts and Konrad Juszczyszyn lost to Filler and Kaçi respectively. In the semi-finals, Kaçi defeated Souquet 9–5 and Filler defeated Giallourakis 9–6; both reaching the final.
In the final, the two highest ranked players for the tournament faced each other. Kaçi had finished as the runner-up in both the 2018 Veldhoven Open and the 2018 Leende Open, ending up as the highest in the rankings. Filler having won the 2019 Leende Open and was ranked second. The winner of the final would take the first place in the Euro Tour rankings. The final started with racks being won in line with the break, until Kaçi took a 3–2 lead. However, Filler brought the match to 5–5, before Kaçi went ahead again at 7–5. Filler won the next rack, but Kaçi won the next to take them to the at 8–6. to remain in the match, Filler's attempt was illegal, handing the table to Kaçi, who to win the match 9–6. As a result, Kaçi remained the number one Euro Tour player, and Filler retained their second place.
Women's event
The women's event took place on 15 and 16 June 2019, with matches being held as a race-to-seven racks; 49 players participated. The defending champion was Jasmin Ouschan, who won the previous year's event, defeating Marharyta Fefilava in the final 7–2. Kristina Tkach, ranked first in the Euro Tour women's ranking, did not appear at the event. The double-elimination round started on 15 June, with 16 players qualifying for the knockout round. Despite not competing since 2016, Kamila Khodjaeva won all three of their opening matches, including wins over Kinga Rauk, Ewa Bak and Fefilava to reach the knockout round.
After reaching the round of 16, the event continued as a single elimination tournament. Ouschan defeated Ana Gradišnik 7–1, Ina Kaplan 7–1, and Sara Rocha 7–5 to reach the final. Fefilawa also reached the final, defeating Pia Filler 7–3, Monika Margeta 7–5, and Veronika Hubrtova 7–4. The same players faced each other as the 2018 final; Ouschan defeated Fafilawa to win their 14th Euro Tour title. Fefilawa won the opening rack despite missing the , but lost the remaining racks and ultimately finished at 1–7. After the victory, Ouschan said: "I feel really comfortable here, although playing in Austria always means a bit more pressure for me ... My success story here in St. Johann is something very special."
Results
Men's event
Below is the results from the round of 32 (Last 32) onward with positions were determined by performance in the double elimination round. Players in bold denote match winners:
Women's event
The following results are from the knockout stages following the round of 16 (Last 16). Players in bold denote match winners:
References
External links
Official Website
Euro Tour
Sporting events in Austria
Austria Open
Austria Open
Austria Open
International sports competitions hosted by Austria
The Kawasaki Z series is a family of standard/naked bikes manufactured by Kawasaki since 1972.
Single cylinder
Z200/KZ200 (1977-1984)
Z125 (2018–present)
Z125 PRO (2015–present)
Z250SL (2014–present)
Parallel-twin
Z250 (2013–present)
Z300 (2014–2018)
Z400/KZ400 (1974–1984)
Z400 (2018–present)
Z650 (2017–present)
Z750 twin (1976–1976)
Inline-four
Z400-J/KZ400-J (1980–1983)
Z500/Z550 (1979–1985)
Z650 (1976–1983)
Z750/Z2 (1973–1978)
Z750 (2004–2013)
Z800 (2013–2016)
Z900 (2017–present)
Z900RS/Z900RS CAFE (2018–present)
Z1 (1972–1975)
Z900/KZ900 (1976–1977)
Z1000/KZ1000 (1977–2005)
Z1000 (2003–2016)
Z1100 (1980–1986)
Z H2 (2020–2021)
Inline-six
Z1300 (1979–1989)
See also
Kawasaki KZ750 (1976–1987)
Kawasaki Zephyr (1989–2000)
Kawasaki ZRX1100 (1997–2005)
Kawasaki ZRX1200R (2001–2008)
Kawasaki ZR-7 (1999–2005)
Kawasaki GPZ series (1981–2009)
Kawasaki Ninja (ZX, ZX-R, ZZR series, 1984–present)
Kawasaki Eliminator (ZL series, 1985–2007)
Z series
Standard motorcycles
Knot DNS is an open-source authoritative-only server for the Domain Name System. It was created from scratch and is actively developed by CZ.NIC, the .CZ domain registry. The purpose of this project is to supply an alternative open-source implementation of an authoritative DNS server suitable for TLD operators to increase overall security, stability and resiliency of the Domain Name System. It is implemented as a multi-threaded daemon, using a number of programming techniques and data structures to make the server very fast, notably Read-copy-update or a special kind of radix tree.
Knot DNS uses a zone parser written in Ragel to achieve very fast loading of the zones at the startup. It is also able to add and remove zones on the fly by changing the configuration file and reloading the server using the 'knotc' utility.
Since version 3.0.0, Knot DNS supports a high performance XDP mode in Linux, which can improve response performance significantly.
Changelog
New in 1.2.0: Response Rate Limiting, Dynamic DNS, and a new remote control utility.
New in 1.3.0: new zone parser in Ragel (replaces zone compilation) and several client utilities (kdig, khost and knsupdate).
New in 1.4.0: automatic DNSSEC signing of the managed zones.
New in 1.5.0: query modules with two new modules: "Automatic forward/reverse records" and dnstap.
New in 1.6.0: persistent timers for slave zones (expire, refresh, and flush) using LMDB.
New in 2.0.0: new YAML-based configuration, and new DNSSEC implementation using GnuTLS.
New in 2.1.0: dynamic configuration, PKCS #11 interface, and online DNSSEC signing.
New in 2.2.0: Response Rate Limiting white listing, support for URI (RFC 7553) and CAA (RFC 6844) resource record types, interactive mode for 'knotc', new control interface for the server including simple Python bindings.
New in 2.3.0: DNSSEC signing configured in server configuration, automatic NSEC3 resalting, zone operations over server control interface, TLS in kdig.
New in 2.4.0: Unified LMDB based journal, new statistics module, automatic deletion of retired DNSSEC keys.
New in 2.5.0: LMDB based KASP database, KSK rollover, dynamic modules, zone freeze/thaw, zone contents in journal.
New in 2.6.0: On-slave DNSSEC signing, automatic DNSSEC algorithm rollover, Ed25519 algorithm support, TCP Fast Open.
New in 2.7.0: Performance improvement, new module for DNS Cookies, new module for GeoIP, support for ECS.
New in 2.8.0: Offline-KSK, multithreaded DNSSEC signing, extended ACL for DDNS, zone update speed-up.
New in 2.9.0: Significant zone update speed-up, TCP optimizations, configuration cleanup.
New in 3.0.0: High performance XDP mode for UDP under Linux, catalog zones support, continuous DNSSEC validation, kzonesign and kxdpgun utilities, DoH support in kdig, deterministic ECDSA support, on-line backup of persistent data.
New in 3.1.0: basic DNS over TCP using XDP, routing-aware XDP processing, ZONEMD generation and validation, SVCB/HTTPS support, zone catalog evolution, EDNS error (EDE) support, epoll/kqueue support.
New in 3.2.0: full DNS over TCP using XDP (including transfers), DNS over QUIC in the XDP mode, DNSSEC multi-signer support.
See also
Comparison of DNS server software
References
External links
DNS server benchmarks
Knot Resolver
DNS software
Free network-related software
DNS server software for Linux
Jenny Lind was the first of a class of ten steam locomotives built in 1847 for the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) by E. B. Wilson and Company of Leeds, named after Jenny Lind, who was a famous Swedish opera singer of the period. The general design proved to be so successful that the manufacturers adopted it for use on other railways, and it became the first mass-produced locomotive type. The "Jenny Lind" type was also widely copied during the late 1840s and 1850s, and into the 1860s.
History
David Joy, the Chief Draughtsman of E. B. Wilson and Company, was asked to visit Brighton railway works to make tracings of the drawings of a locomotive designed by John Gray for the railway so that ten further examples could be built. However, before they had completed the task, Gray had been dismissed from their post of Locomotive Superintendent, and their successor Thomas Kirtley did not favour Gray's complicated horse-leg motion. As a result it was left to Joy and James Fenton, the works manager at E.B. Wilson, to adapt the design. Joy had spent their formative years studying all the locomotives they came across, sketching them, making notes, and interrogating their owners and crews — and, if they could, getting rides on them.
As is usual in engineering, there were a number of trade-offs to be made in steam locomotive design. There is a limit to the rate that steam can be delivered to the pistons; therefore, higher speed was obtained with larger driving wheels. These, however, limited the size of the boiler, since it needed to fit between them, particularly with the preoccupation of the time with a lower centre of gravity. The tendency had been to lengthen the boilers with supporting wheels front and rear. Thus, passenger engines, like the so-called Long Boiler locomotives, were usually of a 4-2-0 wheel arrangement. However, too long a boiler also created instability. Some locomotives improved adhesion for heavier loads by coupling pairs of driving wheels, but there was a tendency for the wrought iron coupling rods to break especially at speed. Thus, four- and six-coupled locomotives were used for freight trains.
Joy and Fenton settled on a medium-sized boiler, heated surface area, with a pressure of and concentrated on its steaming abilities. In this, James Fenton had particular expertise. The engine had inside cylinders and driving wheels. Gray's so-called "mixed" frame had an inside frame for the cylinders and driving wheels, with inside bearings, and an outside frame for the leading and trailing wheels, using outside bearings. The inside frame stopped at the firebox, so that the latter was as wide as the wheels would allow. By this means they minimized the overhang at each end.
After strengthening of various members, the engine was three tons heavier than expected. However, it steamed freely and was economical on fuel. It was to this that its success was attributed, along with the increase in boiler pressure that had become possible over the years. However, credit must be given to Joy's suspension arrangements that made it extremely smooth-running and stable. The name "Jenny Lind" was given to the first one delivered to the LB&SCR.
Jenny Lind type
The new class proved to be so successful that the design was used by Wilson & Co. as their standard design and more than seventy examples were built for various railways, including twenty-four for the Midland Railway. It could be said to be the first to be mass-produced to a consistent pattern. Indeed, the manufacturers charged a hefty premium for variations, although in response to pressure, they later built a number of "large jennies".
Other manufacturers and railways also adopted the type. John Chester Craven, Kirtley's successor at Brighton, built a class of five similar "Jenny Lind singles" from 1853 to 1854. An enlarged type was also built by Beyer, Peacock and Company in 1860 for the Portuguese South Western Railway.
References
Picture Links
Drawings
"Science and Society" view of locomotive
"Science and Society" pen drawing of side elevation
Technical drawings, Patent Office Glasgow: Elevation & longitudinal section (Britische Bahn Wiki)
Historical photos
Historical photo, mid-19th century, “Brighton Engine men with Brighton locomotive No. 65”, pictured in The Brighton Branch of A.S.L.E.F.: The Early Struggles
Historical photo “OW&WR ‘Jenny Lind' Class 2-2-2 ‘Will Shakspere' ”, pictured in John Speller's Web Pages - GWR Narrow Gauge: West Midland Railway
Individual locomotives of Great Britain
2-2-2 locomotives
Jenny Lind
Galgaguta () is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
The Sérénade mélancolique in B-flat minor for violin and orchestra, Op. 26 (Russian: Меланхолическая серенада), was written by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in February 1875. It was their first work for violin and orchestra, and was written immediately after completing the Piano Concerto No. 1 in B-flat minor.
Background
The Hungarian violinist Leopold Auer had been professor of violin at the Imperial Conservatory in St Petersburg since 1868. Tchaikovsky was a professor at the Moscow Conservatory from 1866, and would have known Auer at least by reputation. They had certainly seen them perform in public, having noted "the great expressivity, the thoughtful finesse and poetry of the interpretation" in an 1874 review of Auer's playing. They met no later than January 1875, when both attended a reception at the home of Nikolai Rubinstein. Tchaikovsky apparently resolved to write a piece for the violinist (one source says Auer commissioned it), and the Sérénade mélancolique was the result. It was completed quickly by the following month. The first we know of the work was in Tchaikovsky's letter to their brother Modest of 13/25 February, where they wrote: "I have finished my Piano Concerto, and have already written a violin piece I have promised to Auer".
The piece was dedicated to Auer on its publication by P. Jurgenson in February 1876, but Auer did not premiere it. It was first performed by Adolph Brodsky on 16/28 January 1876, at the seventh symphony concert of the Russian Musical Society in Moscow. Auer seems to have been the first to play it in Saint Petersburg, on 6/18 November 1876.
Two years later, Tchaikovsky was offended by Auer's criticisms of, and refusal to perform, the Violin Concerto in D major written for him, and they withdrew that dedication. The Concerto was premiered by the same Brodsky who had premiered the Sérénade mélancolique. At that time, Tchaikovsky chose also to withdraw the dedication to Auer of the Sérénade, although it was impossible to remove their name from the edition then being printed by Jurgenson.
Key
An examination of the score of the Sérénade mélancolique shows it is clearly written in the key of B-flat minor, although a number of sources describe it as being in B minor, This confusion may have come about because the note the English-speaking world calls B-flat is known in German musical nomenclature as B, while our note B (natural) is known in Germany as H.
Influences
The music was influenced by compositions Tchaikovsky had been working on. Its first sounds are taken from Oxana's challenge to Vakula in Act II, Scene 2 of Vakula the Smith/Cherevichki. A melody in the central section mirrors the French melody in the slow movement of the Piano Concerto No. 1, which was also written in B-flat minor, and had been completed less than two months earlier.
Instrumentation
The piece is originally orchestrated for solo violin, pairs of flutes, oboes, clarinets in B-flat and bassoons, four horns in F and the usual strings.
Furthermore, there are various arrangements for violin and piano, including the composer's own arrangement.
Recordings
The Sérénade mélancolique has been recorded many times.
References
External links
Tchaikovsky Research: Sérénade mélancolique
Tchaikovsky Research: Leopold Auer
Pyotr.Tchaikovsky.com
Classical Archives
Compositions by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Compositions for violin and orchestra
Tchaikovsky
1875 compositions
Compositions in B-flat minor
Music with dedications
Accanthopus velikensis is a species of darkling beetle belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Tenebrioninae.
Synonyms
Dendarus latissimus Stierlin, 1902
Enoplopus dentipes (Rossi) Porta, 1934
Enoplopus velikensis (Piller & Mitterpacher) Solier, 1848
Helops dentipes Rossi, 1790
Tenebrio caraboides Petagna, 1786 nec Linnaeus, 1758
Description
Accanthopus velikensis can reach a length of . Very characteristic is the tooth on the inner edge of the front femora (hence the Latin word dentipes in the synonym Enoplopus dentipes). The adults live under the bark of trees and old stumps.
Ecology
The adults live under the bark of trees and old stumps.
Distribution
These beetles are mainly present in Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, France, Italy, Greece and Romania.
References
Tenebrionidae
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1783
Robert Huber (7 July 1901 - 7 April 1995) was born in Freienstein, Switzerland. They attended a primary school in Freienstein from 1908 to 1914 and a secondary school in Freienstein from 1914 to 1916. From 1916 to 1920 they attended a high school in Zurich. From 1920 to 1924 they studied at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (now ETH Zurich) under Professor Aurel Stodola.
Career
In 1924, Huber became Technical Director of the Bureau Technique Pescara where they supervised the design of nearly 30 different sizes and types of free-piston engine and acquired the nickname "Mr Free Piston". The first was the AC-2, running on petrol (gasoline). The second was the AC-3, which was similar but ran on diesel fuel. Eighteen types of free-piston engine were built and tested.
In 1932, Huber read a book by Professor Lomonosov about diesel locomotives. They also heard of a proposal by Petro Shelest for turbines driven by compressed air. This information gave them the idea of developing the free-piston gas turbine. Several of these were designed but not built. Finally, in 1938–39, the world's first free-piston generator was built. It used two G-30 machines and drove an 800 kW alternator.
Huber stayed at Bureau Technique Pescara (which became Société d'études mécaniques et énergétiques (SEME) in 1939) until 1962. During their time there, thousands of free-piston engines had been sold. Huber continued to work on free-piston engines until at least 1967.
Huber was a pioneer in the development of common rail fuel injection in the 1960s.
Patents
Robert Huber has about 40 patents related to free-piston engines. A few examples are listed below:
US2452194 (A), published 1948-10-26, Free piston machine
US2645213 (A), published 1953-07-14, Free piston engine having hollow pistons
US2943438 (A), published 1960-07-05, Improvements in free piston engine and gas turbine power plant
US2990680 (A), published 1961-07-04, Devices for starting and stopping free piston machines and in particular free piston auto-generators
Family life
On 12 August 1942, Huber married Ursula Meyer.
Final years
Huber wrote a biography in the 1980s. They died on 7 April 1995.
References
1901 births
1995 deaths
Swiss mechanical engineers
Djiguible Traoré (born 12 March 1960) is a Malian boxer. They competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Malian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Mali
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Light-heavyweight boxers
21st-century Malian people
Ferdinando Coppola (born 10 June 1978) is a former Italian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Early career
Coppola's career began at native club S.S.C. Napoli, they were used as a backup goalkeeper for Giuseppe Taglialatela, Luca Mondini and Alessio Bandieri. In June 2000, they joined A.S. Roma, They were the backup of Francesco Antonioli.
Ascoli
They transferred to Serie B team Ascoli Calcio 1898 in the summer of 2003, making one appearance before being sent to Serie A team Reggina Calcio on loan, playing further two games.
They returned to Ascoli in 2004, and made 28 appearances, plus 2 more in play-offs, helping Ascoli achieve promotion back to Serie A. During the 2005–06 season, Coppola played all of the 38 Serie A fixtures, and saw Ascoli finish twelfth place in the table.
Milan and Piacenza
Coppola was signed by A.C. Milan in June 2006, for €200,000, as a replacement for their third choice goalkeeper Valerio Fiori, who was set to retire from professional football. Coppola was to compete with Željko Kalac for this position.
They played a few friendly matches with A.C. Milan, but was sent back to Serie B, to play for Piacenza Calcio, because Fiori delayed their retirement.
Atalanta
In the summer of 2007, they were loaned to Atalanta in Serie A.
In June 2008, Atalanta bought half of the rights from Milan for €750,000.
Siena
After Atalanta were relegated, Milan bought them back for €200,000 and loaned them to Siena. Two days later Siena sold Gianluca Curci to Sampdoria.
Torino
On 30 June 2011, Torino announced the signing of Coppola on a temporary basis from Milan. Before the start of the 2012–13, Coppola was sentenced to a six-month ban, later reduced to four months on appeal, for their involvement in the 2011–12 Italian football scandal. After serving the ban, during the January transfer window they re-joined Torino, this time on a permanent deal.
Back in Milan
On 19 August 2013, they were re-signed by Milan.
Bologna
On 8 July 2014 Coppola moved to Bologna.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at assocalciatori.it
1978 births
Living people
Italian footballers
S.S.C. Napoli players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Reggina 1914 players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
A.C. Milan players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
Atalanta B.C. players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Torino F.C. players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Naples
The Gilbert's whistler (Pachycephala inornata) is a monotypic species of bird endemic to Australia, scattered in semi-arid zones of southern Australia.
Taxonomy
The family Pachycephalidae originated within the Australo-Papuan region. Together with the red-lored whistler and the olive whistler, the Gilbert's whistler is basal to the genus Pachycephala – the typical whistlers. This old monotypic lineage represents a relictual form that was once more widespread.
John Gould, who first described this species in 1841, named it after Mr Gilbert who discovered the bird in Western Australia and collected specimens that they handed over to Gould. As for its scientific name – Pachycephala inornata – in Ancient Greek pachys and kephale respectively mean ‘thick' and ‘head'; several of the members of the genus Pachycephala are indeed called ‘thickheads', and other common names for the Gilbert's whistler include black-lored Gilbert thickhead, red-throated thickhead, Gilbert's thickhead, or simply thickhead. With ‘inornatus' meaning ‘plain' in Latin, the second part of its binominal name is attributed to the Gilbert's whistler's plumage, which is often described in the literature as being plain.
There are several entries in the GenBank DNA sequence database for Pachycephala inornata.
Description
The adult male, which weighs 29.8-32.5 g, possesses a rufous coloured chin and throat from its third year of life, as does its most likely closest relative, the red-lored whistler. Both males can easily be differentiated by the colour of their lores: black for the Gilbert's and red for the red-lored whistler. The female Gilbert's whistler (23.5-32.2 g) has a pale grey throat and a white ring around the eye; their underparts can be lightly streaked. Both sexes are uniformly brownish-grey, and have a red iris and a black stubby bill (17–18 mm). Juveniles (30.9 g) are darker than adults, with tinges of brown, and have dark streaks on the breast and belly. Immatures are very similar to adult females except for their brown bill and dark brown iris. Care should be taken not to mistake the female and immature Gilbert's whistler for the female golden or western whistlers where they co-exist.
At one stage, the Gilbert's whistler was divided into two subspecies: Pachycephala inornata inornata in the east of the Flinders Ranges with greyish white underparts, and Pachycephala inornata gilberti in the west with cinnamon and buff underparts; this variation is now considered clinal.
A study undertaken by Onley, Gardner and Symonds (2020) on possible larger appendages in whistlers caused by climate change (Allen's rule) from museum specimens collected between 1915 and 2013, found an increase in the body size of the Gilbert's whistler at higher latitudes, following Bergmann's rule.
Ecology
Diet
Gilbert's whistlers feed mostly on the ground, as does about half of all declining species of birds in southern Australia. This species also forages in understorey layers. They feed primarily on invertebrates, although fruit and seeds can also form part of its diet.
Nesting and clutch
Gilbert's whistlers erect a deep cup nest in dense shrub, often on top of old babblers' nests. Both sexes build the nest, incubate two or three, sometimes four eggs over a period of 15 days, and look after the chicks. Young are altricial and nidicolous.
Vocalisations
All whistlers are songsters, and the Gilbert's whistler, in particular, is more often heard than seen. Its loud, melodious and clear call can be heard at distances up to 900 m, mostly during the breeding season when it establishes a breeding territory. Its song is described as a series of swelling cheop, cheop, cheop repeated five to 20 times, with another ascending call er-WHIT, er-WHIT, er-WHIT similar to the rufous whistler, and also a more scratchy call eechowk, eechOWK, eeCHOWK.
Habitat, distribution and threats
The Gilbert's whistler inhabits semi-arid tall mallee with sparse shrubby understorey or prickly Acacia thickets and Casuarina woodlands, and is also found in thickets of Melaleuca and, occasionally, in taller eucalypt woodlands or forests. A study undertaken in 2017 on the effect of bushfires and prescribed burns on the distribution of 12 threatened bird species predicted that habitat burnt between 30 and 60 years approximately would be favoured by Gilbert's whistlers while habitat burnt more frequently or not burnt for more than 60 years would not readily suit this species.
The distribution of Gilbert's whistlers is scattered in the semi-arid parts of southern Western Australia and South Australia, north west Victoria and central west New South Wales. No large scale movements were recorded for the species which is thought to be resident or sedentary with a high degree of site fidelity. It is therefore not surprising that this species is sensitive to disturbance, as described by Murphy following a study on the conservation value of small woodland remnants in New South Wales, where they noted that the distribution of Gilbert's whistler in this region is largely restricted to the remaining original vegetation. Another project undertaken by a bird banding group in the Charcoal Tank Nature Reserve in central west New South Wales sadly recorded the extinction of the Gilbert's whistler in this 86 hectare patch of remnant vegetation during the ‘Big Dry' in 2000–01. This local extinction, a classic example of the ‘Extinction Debt', was mainly attributed to: habitat fragmentation, land clearing for agriculture during the last 100 years, introduced predators, increased competition from other native species, and drought periods exacerbated by climate change. Additional details on these threats are outlined on the NSW Government species profile page.
Conservation
Of the four states in which the Gilbert's whistler occurs, this species is listed vulnerable only in New South Wales under the NSW Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016 based on population decrease in size and distribution. A conservation strategy was developed in 2015 as part of the Saving our Species program with some of the priority management areas including: restoring native vegetation, removing weeds, implementing actions to reduce the impact of noisy miners when deemed necessary, encouraging landholders to implement sensitive grazing practices, strip burning with refuge areas remaining unburnt for 25 years or more, raising public awareness of the importance of large old trees, revegetating, and identifying methods to improve soil quality.
The Gilbert's whistler is not listed at national level under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, and is listed as least concern at international level under the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species 2016.
Image gallery
References
Gilbert's whistler
Birds of Western Australia
Birds of South Australia
Birds of New South Wales
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic birds of Australia
Gilbert's whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
1996 Haridwar and Ujjain stampedes refer to two human stampedes which occurred on 15 July 1996, in holy Indian towns of Haridwar and Ujjain, killing 21 and 39, and injuring 40 and 35 hindu worshippers at respective places.
References
Human stampedes in India
1996 Haridwar and Ujjain stampedes
History of Uttarakhand (1947–present)
Disasters in Uttarakhand
History of Madhya Pradesh (1947–present)
Religion in Uttarakhand
Religion in Madhya Pradesh
Human stampedes in 1996
History of Haridwar
History of Ujjain
Disasters in Madhya Pradesh
The 1945–46 Southern League Cup was the sixth and final edition of the regional war-time football tournament. The North Eastern League and North Eastern League Cup had ended the previous season, teams from those competitions joined the Southern League and Southern League Cup. With the Southern League now acting effectively as a national league the competition was split into two Divisions, The league cup was therefore also split into two divisions.
Aberdeen won the tournament, defeating Rangers 3–2 in the final at Hampden Park before a crowd of 135,000. This was the last edition of the competition, but the trophy itself was used again for the 1946 Victory Cup played only a few weeks later (won by Rangers), therefore Aberdeen only possessed the cup for a short time. The same teams met in first official Scottish League Cup final the following year.
Group stage
Division A
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Division B
Group A
Group B
Play-off
Group C
Group D
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Replay
Final
Teams
References
External links
Southern League Cup at Scottish Football Historical Archive (archived version, 2015)
season
1945–46 in Scottish football
Van Buren Township, Ohio may refer to:
Van Buren Township, Darke County, Ohio
Van Buren Township, Hancock County, Ohio
Van Buren Township, Putnam County, Ohio
Van Buren Township, Shelby County, Ohio
See also
Van Buren Township (disambiguation)
Ohio township disambiguation pages
George Ernest Banks (28 March 1919 – 1991) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town and West Bromwich Albion.
References
1919 births
1991 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
Dudley Town F.C. players
Darlaston Town F.C. players
Paradoris mollis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Taxonomy
Defended as valid by Valdés (2002) but considered a synonym of Paradoris indecora by Dayrat (2006)
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Tenerife, Canary Islands.
References
Ortea J. (1995). Estudio de las especies atlanticas de Paradoris Bergh, 1884 (Mollusca: Nudibranchia: Discodorididae) recolectadas en las Islas Canarias. Avicennia 3: 5-28
Valdés Á. (2002). A phylogenetic analysis and systematic revision of the cryptobranch dorids (Mollusca, Nudibranchia, Anthobranchia). Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society. 136: 535–636.
Dayrat B. (2006). A taxonomic revision of Paradoris sea slugs (Mollusca, Gastropoda, Nudibranchia, Doridina).. Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society 147: 125-238
External links
Gofas, S.; Le Renard, J.; Bouchet, P. (2001). Mollusca. in: Costello, M.J. et al. (eds), European Register of Marine Species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification. Patrimoines Naturels. 50: 180-213
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1995
As of March 2021, Emirates operates to 161 destinations in 85 countries across six continents from its hub in Dubai. It has a particularly strong presence in the South and Southeast Asian region, which together connect Dubai with more international destinations in the region than any other Middle Eastern airline. The countries with the largest number of destinations served by Emirates are the United States with 12 (13 airports), India with 9, Pakistan with 5 and Australia, Germany, Italy, Saudi Arabia and the United Kingdom with 4 (7 airports in the UK).
This is a list of destinations which Emirates fly to as of May 2020; the list includes the country, city, and airport names. Additionally, there are labels for airports that are the airline's hub, future cities, and former destinations that have been discontinued. Doha, Qatar is one of the discontinued destinations as a result of the Qatar diplomatic crisis, even though the crisis was resolved in 2021, Emirates have not resumed their flights to Doha.
List of destinations
References
Destinations
Lists of airline destinations
"I Get Around" is a song by American rapper 2Pac from their second studio album, Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z... (1993). It was released on June 10, 1993 as the album's second single and features Shakur's mentor Shock G and Money-B of Digital Underground, Shakur's old group. It was produced by Shock G, who produced it under the alias, The D-Flow Production Squad. AllMusic notes that in the song Shakur "brags about their sexual conquests". Chart-wise, it was the album's most successful single reaching number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100 charts.
Composition and writing
In the 2009 book How to Rap, Shock G recalled that Shakur wrote the lyrics to the beat after hearing it for a while (rather than with no beat), and that Shakur also ghostwrote Shock G's verse.
Commercial success
"I Get Around" peaked at number 11 on the US Billboard Hot 100. It spent 25 weeks on the charts and peaked number 5 on the US R&B charts. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and sold 900,000 copies.
Track listing
12"
"I Get Around" (LP version) – 4:19
"I Get Around" (vocal version) – 6:07
"Nothing but Love" – 5:04
"I Get Around" (remix) – 6:06
"I Get Around" (remix instrumental) – 6:04
"I Get Around" (7" remix) – 3:36
12"
"I Get Around" (remix) – 6:06
"I Get Around" (7" remix) – 3:36
"Holler If Ya Hear Me" (Broadway mix) – 4:31
"Flex" (featuring: Dramacydal) – 4:19
12"
"I Get Around" (LP version) – 4:19
"Keep Ya Head Up" (radio version) – 4:25
"Keep Ya Head Up" (LP version) – 4:25
"I Get Around" (radio version) – 4:19
CD
"I Get Around" (LP version) – 4:19
"I Get Around" (7" remix) – 3:36
CD
"I Get Around" (extra clean version) – 4:19
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Music video
1992 songs
1993 singles
Tupac Shakur songs
Dirty rap songs
G-funk songs
Interscope Records singles
Songs written by Tupac Shakur
Songs written by Larry Troutman
Songs about casual sex
Songs written by Shirley Murdock
Music videos directed by David Dobkin
Songs written by Shock G
Thordisa bimaculata is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1966
Oncești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bărboasa, Dealu Perjului, Oncești, Onceștii Vechi, Satu Nou, Tarnița and Taula.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The 1995–96 Danish 1st Division season was the 51st season of the Danish 1st Division league championship and the 10th consecutive as a second tier competition governed by the Danish Football Association.
The division-champion and runner-up promoted to the 1996–97 Danish Superliga. The teams in the 13th to 16th spots relegated between the Danish 2nd Division East and West 1996-97.
Table
Top goalscorers
See also
1995–96 in Danish football
1995–96 Danish Superliga
External links
Peders Fodboldstatistik
Danish 1st Division seasons
Denmark
2
The Megdovas (, ), also known as Tavropos (, [tavroˈpos]), is a river that flows through the Karditsa and Evrytania regional units, Greece. It is long.
Geography
The river begins in the Agrafa mountains in the western part of Karditsa regional unit. According to Dr. Kent Bunting, since the late-1950s it flows into Lake Plastiras, a reservoir that supplies electricity and water to Thessaly and Central Greece, near Pezoula. Passing into Evrytania, it flows through a deep, forested valley with a few little villages and stone bridges. Since 1967, it empties into the Kremasta Reservoir, which is drained by the Acheloos. It forms the border between Evrytania and Aetolia-Acarnania. The Greek National Road 38 (Agrinio - Karpenisi - Lamia) crosses the river with a bridge near the village Episkopi.
Places along the river
Pezoula
Karoplesi
Neraida
Dafni
Viniani
Psilovrachos
References
External links
Plastiras Lake
See also
List of rivers in Greece
Landforms of Aetolia-Acarnania
Landforms of Evrytania
Rivers of Greece
Landforms of Karditsa (regional unit)
Rivers of Thessaly
Landforms of Central Greece
Georges Rossignon (23 April 1900 – date of death unknown) was a French boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 they were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the light heavyweight class after losing their fight to the upcoming gold medalist Harry Mitchell.
References
External links
1900 births
Year of death missing
Light-heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
French male boxers
Paulo Tuvale (born 22 January 1954) is a Samoan boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Middleweight boxers
Samoan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Samoa
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Regius Professorship of Music was established at Royal Holloway, University of London, in 2013 to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II and recognise "exceptional standards of teaching and research" in the music department.
The first Regius Professor was Julian Johnson, FBA, who had been Professor of Music at Royal Holloway since 2007.
References
Royal Holloway, University of London
Regius Professorships
William John "Boy" Murphy (4 September 1903 – 25 November 1979) was an Irish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and the 1928 Summer Olympics.
At the 1924 Summer Olympics they were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the middleweight class after losing their fight to Leslie Black. Four years later at the 1928 Summer Olympics they were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the light heavyweight class after losing their fight to the upcoming silver medalist Ernst Pistulla.
Murphy won the Amateur Boxing Association of England 1930 light heavyweight title.
References
External links
profile
1903 births
Year of death missing
Sportspeople from Cork (city)
Middleweight boxers
Light-heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Ireland
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Irish male boxers
Sabellidites is a genus of annelid from the Ediacaran period. It is among the oldest annelid body fossils.
References
Annelids
Harbor High School was a public high school that served the harbor area of Ashtabula, Ohio from 1911 until it was closed in 2001 in order to merge with nearby Ashtabula High School under the name of Lakeside High School. The building then housed 9th grade until the new Lakeside was completed in 2006. The "McKinley Building" (as it was known) of Harbor High was torn down in 2009.
Wenner Field, the location of Harbor's football games, was at 1700 W. 10th Street.
Notable alumni
Don Scott- WJZ-TV morning news anchor (1974-2014)
References
High schools in Ashtabula County, Ohio
Ashtabula, Ohio
Defunct schools in Ohio
Betiscoides meridionalis, the slender restio grasshopper, is a species of lentulid grasshopper which is endemic to South Africa. It occurs only in the Western Cape where it is found in damp areas, in upland areas and on plateaux, vegetated with Restio species. This flightless grasshopper is threatened by droughts and wildfires which destroy its habitat. It is classified as an endangered species on the IUCN Red List.
It is a medium sized species, growing to a length of , and its thin elongated body mimics the stems of the restios it is found among. Its smooth body is marked with three longitudinal stripes, one green, one grey, and the other brown. Adults are found from January to May.
References
Lentulidae
Orthoptera of Africa
Endemic insects of South Africa
Taxa named by Bror Yngve Sjöstedt
Scopula microphylla is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
Adults are pale brown with curved dark green patches.
References
Moths described in 1889
microphylla
Moths of Australia
Antony and Cleopatra is a 1974 videotaped television production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name, produced by ATV (which was distributed internationally by ITC) starring Richard Johnson as Mark Antony, Janet Suzman as Cleopatra, and Patrick Stewart as Enobarbus. It was directed by Jon Scoffield and is an adaptation of Trevor Nunn's Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) production of the play. It features then-little-known Ben Kingsley and Tim Pigott-Smith in small roles.
As of 2014, this production was the last made-for-TV Shakespeare adaptation to have its American network premiere on U.S. commercial television.
Cast
Richard Johnson ... Mark Antony
Janet Suzman ... Cleopatra
Corin Redgrave ... Octavius (Augustus Caesar)
Patrick Stewart ... Enobarbus
Rosemary McHale ... Charmian
Philip Locke ... Agrippa
Mary Rutherford ... Octavia
Raymond Westwell ... Lepidus
Mavis Taylor Blake ... Iras
Darien Angadi ... Alexas
Sidney Livingstone ... Mardian
Geoffrey Hutchings ... A Fig Seller
Loftus Burton ... Diomedes
Lennard Pearce ... Cleopatra's Schoolteacher
Joseph Charles ... Cleopatra's Messenger
Tony Osoba ... Cleopatra's Servant
Douglas Anderson ... Cleopatra's Eunuch
Michael Egan ... Cleopatra's Eunuch
Paul Gaymon ... Cleopatra's Eunuch
Wendy Bailey ... Servant
Madelaine Bellamy ... Servant
Edwina Ford ... Servant
Amanda Knott ... Servant
Joe Rock ... Servant
Gito Santana ... Servant
Nicholas McArdle ... King
Derek Wright ... King
Frederick Radley ... King
Norman Caro ... King
Richard Young ... King
Constantine Gregory ... Ventidius (as Constantin De Goguel)
W. Morgan Sheppard ... Scarus (as Morgan Sheppard)
Joseph Marcell ... Eros (as Joe Marcell)
Jonathan Holt ... Dercetas
Chris Jenkinson ... Silius (as Christopher Jenkinson)
John Bott ... A Soothsayer
Robert Oates ... 1st Watchman
Arthur Whybrow ... 2nd Watchman
Michael Radcliffe ... 3rd Watchman
Geoffrey Greenhill ... Soldier
William Thomas ... Soldier (as William Huw-Thomas)
David Janes ... Soldier
Jeremy Pearce ... Soldier
Mark Sheridan ... Soldier
Derek Godfrey ... Maecenas
Ben Kingsley ... Thidias
Martin Milman ... Dolabella
Tim Pigott-Smith ... Proculeius
Keith Taylor ... A Messenger
Thomas Chesleigh ... Gallus
Desmond Stokes ... Taurus
Alan Foss ... A Senator
John Bardon ... Demetrius
Peter Godfrey ... A Sentry
Malcolm Kaye ... A Guard
Deviations from the play
The major character of Sextus Pompey, who figures significantly in the plot in Act II, was excised from this production.
References
External links
1974 television plays
Films based on Antony and Cleopatra
ITV television dramas
Television shows based on plays
Filmed stage productions
Ancient Egypt in fiction
Television shows shot at ATV Elstree Studios
The Maxwell-Kirby House is a historic home located at 8671 Northshore Drive in Knoxville, Tennessee. it is also known as William Maxwell House. It was designed in the Colonial Revival style, and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently a private residence.
The Robert Maxwell House sits on a rise, facing southeast, at the end of a long gravel drive that travels north and west from Northshore Drive, about from downtown Knoxville, in Knox County, Tennessee. The house is in a cleared and landscaped yard, surrounding by rolling terrain that is heavily forested. An original log barn, in extreme disrepair, is located southwest of the house and is not included in this nomination due to its dilapidation. Included in the nomination is a pump house located to the southeast of the house. The yard consists of approximately . The front yard was originally landscaped and may have been tiered. Marble walkways, walls and benches are being found as the present owners have time to clear the undergrowth.
Lowe's Ferry Road, now abandoned in this section, originally traveled in front of the house on its way south to the Tennessee River. Lowe's Ferry then proceeded to the south side of the river, in Blount County. The road was heavily traveled, both in Knox County on the north side of the Tennessee River and in Blount County on the south bank. However, when bridges caused the ferry to be abandoned and rail and later automobile transportation caused traffic to proceed in an east–west rather than north–south direction, this section of Lowe's Ferry Road was abandoned. These changes occurred at the end of the 19th century. Springs on the property are known as the Maxwell Springs, and have been extensively used for many years, both by Indian travelers prior to European settlement, and by later travelers in the period of early settlement in Knox County.
The original part of the Robert Maxwell House is constructed with heavy timber framing, and its original construction date is unknown but assumed to be c. 1830, since heavy timber-frame construction was common in Knox County at that time. The house was extensively remodeled in 1886 by a descendant of the original owners, and was substantially altered at that time. Its effective construction dates from 1886. The house now consists of three bays with a gable end roof, and is two stories in height. The rear section of the house was added in the 1886 remodeling, and is of frame construction. The house is covered with weatherboard wall covering. The house has a cross gable roof covered with v-crimp metal roof covering.
On the primary (east) facade is a full-length porch with four wood columns in the Doric order. A six panel cross and Bible front door is flanked by pilasters and topped with a cornice. Gable ends feature plain fascia boards with sawn wood attic vents. A front porch supported by stone piers was added c. 1920. An exterior end stone chimney is located on the west gable end, and was also probably added c. 1920. In the basement, which was dug in 1886, can be seen the remnants of a brick fireplace foundation. The windows are six over six doubles hung wood windows, with the upper windows on the rear addition being six over six wood casement windows. A side porch is located on the south elevation, with two round wood columns with Doric capitals.
The interior of the original front section of the house retains a c. 1830 Georgian style mantel and original door and wood trim. The floors throughout the house are made of oak and typical of the 1880s, and were probably added with the 1886 remodeling. Doors throughout the original section of the interior are panel and frame doors with four panels. Casement windows were added to the rear addition in the 1920s, as were French doors. The dining room in the rear addition features a bay window with beaded wood trim, and three six over six windows. Walls throughout the home are plaster and lathe.
The pump house located on the property is wood frame, and features a reversible sand filter. Four over four wood windows are now boarded over but still present. The pump house has a concrete floor that was probably added c. 1920. It is of frame construction with weatherboard siding and a gable roof with asphalt shingle roof covering. It is entered through a panel and frame door with four panels.
The property where the Robert Maxwell House is located was originally settled by William Newton Maxwell's father-in-law, (Mahala Scott's father) who built the home around 1830. The exact date of settlement is not known. Springs on the property are called the Maxwell Springs, and it is known that Maxwell lived there when their son Robert Maxwell was born in 1847. The heavy timber-frame house that forms the basis of the present house was substantial, and it is assumed that Maxwell was a prosperous farmer in the area. That portion of the house was probably built in the 1830s, when heavy timber-frame construction was common in Knox County. Evidence of brick fireplaces and piers exists under the oldest portion of the house in the crawl space. Evidence has also been found to suggest that the heavy timber-frame construction supplanted an even earlier structure in the same location. However, no record has been found to suggest who owned the property at that time, or what either the heavy timber frame or the earlier structures looked like. In the 1870 census, when their son Robert was 23, William Maxwell was still noted as head of the household.
Robert Maxwell, William Maxwell's son, was born in 1847. In the 1880s they inherited the house from their father. At that time, three hundred acres surrounding the present tract were subdivided and some of the land was sold. James Maxwell made extensive changes in the structure and lived there until their death, when the house was sold to Matt Kirby. Kirby evidently made changes to the house when they bought it, and lived there for a time. Kirby was a farmer who operated a dairy farm in this area and soon rented the house to a succession of families. The only family name that survives as a renter from that time is that of Dempster.
In 1966, the Robert Maxwell House was sold by Matt Kirby to Jack Stroud. Jack Stroud and their widow Hazel lived in the house for approximately twenty years before selling it to the present owners. The present owners have done extensive remodeling and restoration work, retaining the 1920s changes made to the house and preserving the extensive additions and remodeling completed in 1886.
The Robert Maxwell House, with its Georgian Revival styling and setting, is significant for its architecture. As urban development proceeds rapidly in west Knox County, few houses from the 19th century are allowed to remain. The Robert Maxwell House is the most unaltered of the two or three known to remain on Northshore Drive, and is one of very few in the western part of the county. With its historical associations and setting, and its significant nineteenth-century architectural features, the Robert Maxwell House provides an increasingly rare glimpse into pre twentieth century residential architecture in this section of Knox County.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Robert Blakeney (c. 1724 – 30 December 1762) was an Irish Member of Parliament.
They were born the son of John Blakeney and Grace Persse and was the brother of Theophilus, John and William Blakeney.
They sat in the Irish House of Commons for Athenry from 1747 to their death. They served as High Sheriff of County Galway in 1754.
They married Gertrude Blakeney, daughter of Major Robert Blakeney on 28 May 1752. Their son John Blakeney also later sat as an MP for the borough.
References
External links
1720s births
1762 deaths
Politicians from County Galway
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Irish MPs 1761–1768
High Sheriffs of County Galway
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
Dionysios (Denis) Ikkos (1921–1993) was a Greek physician who trained in Endocrinology at Karolinska Hospital, Stockholm with Rolf Luft and co-described the Luft-Ikkos mitochondrial syndrome. They pioneered the Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism in Evangelismos Hospital, Athens, where they distinguished themselves in clinical practice, research and teaching, and was a founding member of the Hellenic (Greek) Endocrine Society which honours their contribution with the annual Dionysios Ikkos Memorial Lecture. They were an early advocate and supported the establishment of General Practice/ Family Medicine as a medical specialty in Greece. The Hellenic (Greek) Association of General Practice also honours their contribution with the Dionysios Ikkos prize, the highest prize awarded for a presentation in the association's annual congress. Dionysios Ikkos was married to Danae Ikkou- Papadimitriou, a distinguished Paediatric Cardiologist and pioneer of their specialty in Greece.
References
Greek endocrinologists
1921 births
1993 deaths
20th-century Greek physicians
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
People from Ioannina (regional unit)
The 1999 Asian Super Cup was the 5th Asian Super Cup, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Asian Club Championship and Asian Cup Winners Cup competitions. The 1999 competition was contested by Júbilo Iwata of Japan, who won the 1998–99 Asian Club Championship, and Al Ittihad of Saudi Arabia, the winners of the 1998–99 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
Route to the Super Cup
Júbilo Iwata
1Júbilo Iwata goals always recorded first.
2 The match was played over one leg by mutual agreement.
Al Ittihad
1 Al Ittihad goals always recorded first.
Game summary
|}
First leg
Second leg
References
Asian Super Cup 1999
Asian Super Cup
Super
International club association football competitions hosted by Saudi Arabia
International club association football competitions hosted by Japan
Asia
Ittihad FC matches
Júbilo Iwata matches
The Bornean whistler (Pachycephala hypoxantha) or Bornean mountain whistler, is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is endemic to the island of Borneo.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
P. h. hypoxantha – (Sharpe, 1887): found on northern Borneo (Malaysia)
P. h. sarawacensis – Chasen, 1935: found in western Sarawak (Malaysia)
References
Pachycephala
Endemic birds of Borneo
Birds described in 1887
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hovea montana, commonly known as alpine hovea, mountain hovea or alpine rusty-pods, is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, and is endemic to Australia. It is a small shrub with narrow leaves and purple pea flowers.
Description
Hovea montana is a small, low growing shrub usually high and in diameter. The stems and branches are thickly covered with soft, loosely flattened hairs. The leaves are narrow-elliptic shaped, mostly long and wide, with a depressed midrib, the margins curved downward. The upper surface smooth and hairless, the lower surface is thickly covered with fine, soft hairs. The purple-blue or white flowers are borne singly or in pairs, about long on a peduncle about long. The calyx is long with rusty-coloured, short, matted hairs. Flowering occurs from October to December and the fruit is a pod about long and densely covered with rusty-coloured hairs.
Taxonomy and naming
Hovea montana was first formally described in 1988 by J.H.Ross and the description was published in Muelleria. The specific epithet (montana) refers to mountains or coming from mountains.
Distribution and habitat
Alpine rusty-pods is mostly found in open heath, woodlands and grassy situations at higher altitudes in New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
References
montana
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
The following lists events that happened during 1897 in Afghanistan.
The amirs realm is quiet during the year. Suspicions that Abdur Rahman Khan is acting unfaithfully towards the British are dispelled by their loyal attitude in refusing to aid the rebel tribesmen engaged in the frontier war, or even to sympathize with them. Across the Indian border the First Mohmand Campaign in the North-West Frontier Province starts in August 1897.
Incumbents
Monarch – Abdur Rahman Khan
Events
January 1897
The Kamdesh Kafirs are being rapidly disarmed. The headmen of the villages in the Bashgal Valley send a deputation to the sipah salar (commander-in-chief) requesting them to keep back the force that is to be sent to collect arms in every village, promising themselves to collect the knives, guns, and other weapons, and to hand them over to the Afghans.
May 1897
The amir withdraws the officials and irregular soldiers who occupied for a year the Mittai Valley in contravention of the Durand Line Agreement.
September 6 and 7, 1897
Nearly 150 shops in the Kabul city bazaar are destroyed by fire, and several lives are lost.
See also
History of Afghanistan
Years of the 19th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
1890s in Afghanistan
The 42' sailboat known as the XV/1 was intended to demonstrate Haveblue LLC's patented technology for the production, storage, and use of hydrogen on board a marine vessel. The anticipated range was to be a radius of ~300 nautical miles at on a full tank.
XV/1 System Configuration
Two solar panels producing ~600 watts at peak
A marine wind generator producing ~90 watts at peak
A regenerative electric drive motor capable of producing ~500 watts while under-sail
A reverse-osmosis water-maker
A hydrogen-generator using the electrolysis of water
Hydrogen storage, either metal hydride or lightweight composite pressurized tanks
10-kilowatt PEM fuel cell
Twelve 12v AGM batteries in a 144v, 105Ah bank
Three house batteries, 12v parallel
XV/1 Outcome
Management issues at Haveblue LLC prevented the completion of the XV/1 project.
Technology overview
The technology allows a marine vessel to be fully self-sustaining, without the need for fossil fuels. It uses technologies well known in the marine environment, such as solar panels, wind turbines, reverse osmosis water-makers, marine batteries, and regenerative electric motors in conjunction with fuel cells and the electrolysis of water.
It eliminates engine noise, vibration, exhaust fumes, and the risk of fuel spills that threaten our air and waters.
A marine vessel obtains water from where it happens to be afloat (if necessary, it can also obtain water from a public utility).
The "water-maker" processes the water to the required level of purity.
The electrolysis unit produces hydrogen and oxygen from the purified water.
The hydrogen is stored for use by a variety of power-plants, from fuel cell stacks to internal combustion engines.
The hydrogen-consuming power-plant provides energy for propulsion and/or supplies the vessel's onboard energy needs (the hydrogen can also be utilized to reduce emissions produced by internal combustion engines).
Whether docked, moored, or underway, the renewable energy resources of a boat provide the electricity needed to continuously produce hydrogen via electrolysis for immediate use or stored for use later. If shore power is available, it may also be used for the hydrogen production and storage process.
See also
Hydrogen ship
Hydrogen vehicle
Hydrogen economy
References
External links
Haveblue website
Hydrogen ships
Holy Rood Church may refer to:
United Kingdom
Holy Rood Church, Barnsley, South Yorkshire
Holy Rood Church, Market Rasen, Lincolnshire
Holy Rood Church, Ossington, Nottinghamshire
Holy Rood Church, Swindon, Wiltshire
Holy Rood Church, Watford, Hertfordshire
Church of the Holy Rood, Edwalton, Nottinghamshire
Church of the Holy Rude, Stirling
Holyrood Church, Southampton, Hampshire
Holyrood Abbey Church, Edinburgh
Holyrood Abbey, Edinburgh
United States
Holyrood Episcopal Church, New York City
See also
Holyrood (disambiguation)
The A.B. Chace Rowhouses is a historic apartment building located at 655-685 Middle Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was constructed circa 1877 for Arnold B. Chace, son of Elizabeth Buffum Chace, a prominent Rhode Island abolitionist and reformer.
The red brick rowhouse is unusual for Fall River, which is more typically dominated by triple-decker houses. (A smaller rowhouse complex is on lower Broadway, at the foot of Columbia St.) The Chace Rowhouse is located along the perimeter of Kennedy Park, not far from the historic St. Anne's Church complex.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Apartment buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1877
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
1877 establishments in Massachusetts
Samraat is a 1982 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film produced by Madan Mohla under the Seven Arts Pictures banner and directed by Mohan Segal. It stars Dharmendra, Jeetendra, Hema Malini and Zeenat Aman, with music composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal. The film was recorded as "Average" at the box office.
Plot
The film begins with celebrations of the New Year party on a ship Samraat. Ranveer its proprietary is a crime lord of the netherworld. Once, they smuggle an enormous amount of gold bars allying to their acolyte Gomes, the cargo in charge. Chawla the captain of the ship detects it when huge combat erupts. Hence, Ranveer drowns the ship in the middle of the sea, seizes Chawla, and forges them as a traitor. Being cognizant of it, Sumandaughter of Chawla vows to prove them father's integrity. During that plight, they learn about two vagabond expert sea drivers Ram & Raj, and shades them for support to find Samraat. Meanwhile, Ranveer backstabs Gomes and fortunately, they are rescued by Ram & Raj thereby Gomes gazes at their talent. Hence, they plan vengeance against Ranveer by accompanying these warriors. In this venturesome puzzle, the pawns move on, while Ram falls for Gomes's daughter Jennifer and Raj for Suman. Besides, Ranveer torments Chawla for the whereabouts of the ship but they stand strong. Ultimately, Ram & Raj succeed in identifying it, when discord arouses between the two as Ram desires to own it whereas Raj wants to surrender. Forthwith, Ranveer captures Ram by slaughtering Gomes. Before dying, they confess their sin to Jennifer and requests them to pay the penalty by proving Chawla guiltless. Parallelly, Ranveer's stepfather detects Ram as their own whom they desert for betraying their mother. Overhearing it, Ranveer strikes them. All at once, Raj, Jennifer, & Suman assault, and free Ram but Suman is caught and Ram's father sacrifices their lives. Here, Ram repents, pleads for pardon from Raj and they fuse. Ranveer shows endanger to Suman which compels Chawla to reveal the secret. Now Ranveer enters the sea and Ram & Raj chase him. After an adventurous underwater war, Ram & Raj ceases Ranveer and safeguards the treasure. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note the warriors coupling up with their love interest.
Cast
Dharmendra as Ram
Jeetendra as Raju
Hema Malini as Jennifer Gomes / Jenny
Zeenat Aman as Suman / Sandhya Chawla
Amjad Khan as Ranbir
Kader Khan
Satyendra Kapoor as Kartar Singh
Shreeram Lagoo as Gomes
Om Shivpuri as Captain Chawla
Shashikala
Usha Kiran
Purnima
Soundtrack
Lyrics: Anand Bakshi
Release
The film was released in Iran in a Blu-ray format.
References
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Laxmikant–Pyarelal
Indian action thriller films
Films set on ships
Cross-dressing in Indian films
Underwater action films
1982 action thriller films
Andar Ab (, also Romanized as Andar Āb) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 56 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Authority was granted under New Zealand Defence Forces General Order 90 to raise the New Zealand Army Ordnance Section with effect from 1 April 1915.
The section was very small, consisting of eight members and was under command for administration of the Officer Commanding Royal New Zealand Artillery (RNZA).
Foundation members were:
Bombardier J Murray
Gunner C Marshall
Gunner W Thornton
Gunner R Ross
Gunner P Kesham
Gunner H J Adams
Gunner M F Johnstone
Members of the section were classed as non-combatants, and were to be employed wholly on their own special work and were not to be detailed for any other duty or work whatsoever.
Based at Fort Ballance on Wellington's Miramar Peninsula, the section's main duties were the assembling of ammunition components for the artillery. Its members wore a variation of the badge of the RNZA with the difference between the badge worn by the Ordnance section and the Artillery was that the word "UBIQUE" was replaced by the initials "NZ".
The New Zealand Army Ordnance Corps (NZAOC) and a New Zealand Army Ordnance Department (NZAOD) were gazetted on 1 April 1917, and the Ordnance Stores Section was absorbed into the new Ordnance organisation and this small unit was the foundation of what was evolved into the Royal New Zealand Army Ordnance Corps in later years.
External links
To the Warrior their Arms A History of the RNZAOC and its predecessors
References
Ordnance (stores) units and formations
Military units and formations established in 1915
Military units and formations of the New Zealand Army
Military units and formations disestablished in 1917
Archalbot got its name from a small tree named Archale. It is sour in taste. Native Parajuli's of Archalbot were called Archalbote in previous time. It is located in Pokhara metropolitan city . Few hundred years ago, Archalbot use to have a different name (Simal patan) because there used to be large and big simal trees in today's Archalbot . Parajuli's are the native of this place beside this large number of Pun Magar have also migrated from Myagdi District and Parbat District.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Kaski District
The Prince-Bishops' Castle is a castle in the municipality of Delémont of the Canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. Nowadays, the castle hosts a primary school.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Jura
Castles in the canton of Jura
Delémont
This page describes the qualifying procedure for the 2011 Individual Ice Racing World Championship finals.
The 2011 Individual Ice Racing World Championship events will take place from January to March 2011. The champion will be determined in eight final meetings. Seventeen permanent riders will be determined in three Qualifying Rounds hosted in January.
Qualification system
In three Qualifying Rounds will start 48 riders from 13 nationan federation and to Final series will qualify top 5 from each meeting and 6th placed riders from QR1 and QR2 as a track reserve during a Final One (Day 1).
Heat details
Qualifying Round One
Sankt Johann im Pongau, Salzburg
15 January 2011
Speedwaystadion (Length: 380 m)
Referee: Craig Ackroyd
Jury President: Christer Bergström
References
Qualifying Round Two
Sanok, Subcarpathian Voivodeship
21 January 2011
Stadion "Błonie" (Length: 364 m)
Referee: Mick Bates
Jury President: Wolfgang Glas
References
Change:
Draw 2. Oleg Dosaev → Reserve 17.
Qualifying Round Three
Saalfelden, Salzburg
22 January 2011
Eis-Oval Lenzing Saalfelden (Length: 367 m)
Referee: Krister Gardell
Jury President: Petr Ondrasik
References
Change:
Draw #4 Antti Aakko → Teppo Toivola
co-organized by the Dutch federation
See also
2011 Team Ice Racing World Championship
2011 Speedway Grand Prix Qualification
References
Ice speedway competitions
World Individual
Qualification for sports events
Banc of California is a bank serving the state of California with over 30 branches in Southern California, extending from San Diego to Santa Barbara. The bank is headquartered in Santa Ana, California in Orange County, with over 600 employees and 36 offices.
History
The Banc of California was founded in 1941 as the Rohr Employees Federal Credit Union, serving employees of the Rohr Aircraft plant in Chula Vista, California. The credit union was renamed the Pacific Trust Federal Credit Union in 1995, which itself was renamed the Pacific Trust Bank in 2000, becoming a mutually owned federal savings bank.
The Pacific Trust Bank was made into a subsidiary of First PacTrust Bancorp Inc. in 2002. First PacTrust Bancorp, Inc. and Beach Business Bank completed their merger in 2012. The company's two banking subsidiaries, Pacific Trust Bank and The Private Bank of California, were merged to form the Banc of California in 2013. The bank also hired former Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa as a strategic advisor.
Banc of California bought 20 bank branches in Southern California from Popular, Inc., a Puerto Rico-based bank, for $5.4 million in 2014. The move doubled the number of branches the bank owned and brought its assets to $5 billion.
Jared Wolff took over as President and CEO of Banc of California in March 2019, succeeding Doug Bowers. Bowers had assumed the role in 2017, following founding CEO Steven Sugarman.
Banc of California announced the acquisition of Pacific Mercantile Bank in March 2021 in a transaction valued at $235 million.
Sponsorships
Since 2014, the bank has been the official bank of the USC Trojans, the athletic program of the University of Southern California.
In 2016, the Banc of California announced a partnership with Los Angeles FC, a Major League Soccer franchise, and a 15-year, $100 million deal with the club for the naming rights to their stadium Banc of California Stadium in Los Angeles, which opened in 2018. The deal was described as "a little out of the mold for a bank of our size" by then-CEO Steven Sugarman, with other observers noting that the bank was not well known nationally. The company paid $20 million for early termination of the naming rights deal in 2020, citing a shift in focus. Banc of California remains LAFC's primary banking partner and continues to collaborate with the franchise on various initiatives.
References
External links
Official website
American companies established in 1941
Banks established in 1941
Banks based in California
Financial services companies based in California
Companies based in Irvine, California
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
This is a list of soccer transfers for the 2016 North American Soccer League season.
This list includes all transfers made after clubs played their last match of the 2015 NASL season and before they played their last match of the 2016 NASL season.
Transfers
All clubs without a flag are members of the North American Soccer League.
References
Specific
2016
Transfers
North American Soccer League
North American Soccer League
The 12371 / 12372 Howrah–Jaisalmer Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train of the Indian Railways connecting in West Bengal and of Rajasthan. It is currently being operated with 12371/12372 train numbers on a weekly basis.
Service
The 12371/Howrah–Jaisalmer Superfast Express has an average speed of 57 km/h and covers 2249 km in 39 hrs 25 mins. 12372/Jaisalmer–Howrah Superfast Express has an average speed of 57 km/hr and covers 2249 km in 39 hrs 25 mins.
Route & halts
The important halts of the train are:
Sultanpur Jn
Coach composition
The train has got LHB rakes from 26 August 2019, with max speed of 130 km/h. The train consists of 24 coaches:
1 First AC
1 AC II Tier
4 AC III Tier
11 Sleeper coaches
3 General
2 Second-class Luggage/parcel van
1 High capacity parcel van
1 Pantry car
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Howrah-based WAP-4 electric locomotive from Howrah to and from Mughalsarai Junction it is hauled by a Mughalsarai-based WDM-3A diesel locomotive up til Jaisalmer and vice versa.
See also
Howrah Junction railway station
Jaisalmer railway station
Timetable
12371 – Starts from Howrah every Monday at 8:15 AM and reaches Jaisalmer next day at night 11:50 PM IST
12372 – Starts from Jaisalmer every Thursday at afternoon 1:25 AM IST and reaches Howrah next day evening 4:55 PM
Notes
References
External links
12371/Howrah - Jaisalmer SF Express India Rail Info
12372/Jaisalmer - Howrah SF Express India Rail Info
Train info
Rail transport in Howrah
Transport in Jaisalmer
Express trains in India
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Jharkhand
Rail transport in Bihar
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Railway services introduced in 2012
On the Loose is an EP released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe in April 1985. It is the soundtrack to the Swedish 1985 film On the Loose. The first two songs, "Rock the Night" and "On the Loose" were later re-recorded in a lighter and heavier way respectively for the album The Final Countdown.
Track listing
Personnel
Joey Tempest – vocals on all tracks, guitar, bass, keyboards, drum machine on tracks 2, 3
John Norum – guitar on tracks 1, 2
John Levén – bass on track 1
Mic Michaeli – keyboards on track 1
Ian Haugland – drums on track 1
Europe (band) albums
Film soundtracks
1985 EPs
1985 soundtrack albums
Epic Records soundtracks
Epic Records EPs
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Divinópolis () is a diocese located in the city of Divinópolis in the Ecclesiastical province of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
History
July 11, 1958: Established as Diocese of Divinópolis from the Diocese of Aterrado and Metropolitan Archdiocese of Belo Horizonte
Bishops
Bishops of Divinópolis (Roman rite), listed in reverse chronological order)
Bishop José Carlos de Souza Campos (2014.02.26 - Present)
Bishop Tarcísio Nascentes dos Santos (2009.02.11 – 2012.08.01), appointed Bishop of Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro
Bishop José Belvino do Nascimento (1989.02.27 – 2009.02.11)
Bishop José Costa Campos (1979.03.26 – 1989.02.27)
Bishop Cristiano Portela de Araújo Pena (1959.02.19 – 1979.03.26)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Gil Antônio Moreira, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of São Paulo in 1999
Moacir Silva Arantes, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Goiânia, Goias in 2016
Francisco Cota de Oliveira, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Curitiba, Parana in 2017
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Diocese website
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1958
Divinopolis, Roman Catholic Diocese of
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1958 establishments in Brazil
The Kalmykia constituency (No.15) is a Russian legislative constituency covering the entirety of Kalmykia.
Members elected
Election results
1993
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Bembya Khulkhachiyev
|align=left|Independent
|
|37.61%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1995
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Gennady Kulik
|align=left|Agrarian Party
|
|47.68%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Golovatov
|align=left|Our Home – Russia
|
|16.64%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Kolesnik
|align=left|Independent
|
|9.24%
|-
|style="background-color:#D50000"|
|align=left|Nikolay Dzhaldzhireyev
|align=left|Communists and Working Russia - for the Soviet Union
|
|7.38%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Anatoly Kazimirov
|align=left|Independent
|
|5.45%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yelena Ubushayeva
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|2.94%
|-
|style="background-color:#265BAB"|
|align=left|Raisa Donogruppova
|align=left|Russian Lawyers' Association
|
|1.94%
|-
|style="background-color:#2C299A"|
|align=left|Olga Sivochalova
|align=left|Congress of Russian Communities
|
|0.88%
|-
|style="background-color:#FE4801"|
|align=left|Klavdia Kekelyayeva
|align=left|Pamfilova–Gurov–Lysenko
|
|0.73%
|-
|style="background-color:#0D0900"|
|align=left|Gennady Namsinov
|align=left|People's Union
|
|0.61%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Lev Pyurbeyev
|align=left|Faith, Work, Conscience
|
|0.51%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Karulin
|align=left|Conservative Party
|
|0.31%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|3.91%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1999
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aleksandra Buratayeva
|align=left|Unity
|
|24.13%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Kolesnik
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|17.28%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aleksey Kucherenko
|align=left|Independent
|
|12.25%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yelena Baturina
|align=left|Independent
|
|12.04%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Radiy Burulov
|align=left|Our Home – Russia
|
|8.41%
|-
|style="background-color:#3B9EDF"|
|align=left|Vitaly Daginov
|align=left|Fatherland – All Russia
|
|6.95%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yury Badmayev
|align=left|Independent
|
|4.71%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Dmitry Burninov
|align=left|Independent
|
|4.54%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|7.05%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2003
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Gennady Kulik
|align=left|United Russia
|
|41.10%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Valery Ochirov
|align=left|Independent
|
|31.44%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Nikolay Daykhes
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|6.36%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yury Sengleyev
|align=left|Independent
|
|5.48%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Kolesnik
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|2.69%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Igor Pyshkin
|align=left|Independent
|
|1.53%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yury Erdneyev
|align=left|Independent
|
|1.33%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Karuev
|align=left|Independent
|
|1.03%
|-
|style="background-color:#C21022"|
|align=left|Lidia Lebedeva
|align=left|Russian Pensioners' Party-Party of Social Justice
|
|0.77%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Konstantin Maksimov
|align=left|Independent
|
|0.71%
|-
|style="background-color:#164C8C"|
|align=left|Vladimir Veremennikov
|align=left|United Russian Party Rus'
|
|0.32%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|3.44%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2016
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:leftt;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Marina Mukabenova
|align=left|United Russia
|
|63.97%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Lyudmila Balakleyets
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|9.53%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Vladimir Karuev
|align=left|Patriots of Russia
|
|6.43%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Natalya Manzhikova
|align=left|A Just Russia
|
|5.40%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Semyon Ateyev
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|3.99%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Andrey Bessarabov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|3.55%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Anatoly Zakharchenko
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|
|1.91%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Igor Boldyrev
|align=left|Rodina
|
|1.22%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Sergey Manteev
|align=left|Party of Growth
|
|1.12%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Sergey Gabunshchin
|align=left|The Greens
|
|0.87%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2021
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Badma Bashankayev
|align=left|United Russia
|
|40.55%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Sanal Ubushiyev
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|22.29%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Andrey Chidzhiyev
|align=left|New People
|
|8.25%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Natalya Manzhikova
|align=left|A Just Russia — For Truth
|
|6.88%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Sanal Bovayev
|align=left|Party of Pensioners
|
|4.86%
|-
|style="background-color: "|
|align=left|Vladimir Bambayev
|align=left|Russian Party of Freedom and Justice
|
|4.12%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Pyotr Vyshkvarok
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|3.40%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Khongor Marilov
|align=left|Civic Platform
|
|2.07%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Yelena Kotenova
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|1.99%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Tseren Ochir-Goryaev
|align=left|Rodina
|
|1.08%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Notes
References
Russian legislative constituencies
Politics of Kalmykia
Following is a list of electronic voting machines in New York state.
In 2010 New York State was the last state to switch to electronic voting under the Help America Vote Act. In doing so, New York abandoned its Shoup Lever Machines which had been used since 1962 and were originally built by American Voting Machines Company in Jamestown, New York.
New York had a long established history with the lever machines going back to the patent for the lever machine by Alfred J. Gillespie and Standard Voting Machine Company of Rochester, New York, in the late 1890s. The device drew a privacy curtain around the voter and simultaneously unlocked the machine's levers for voting. In 1898, Gillespie and Jacob Myers formed the American Voting Machines Company.
New York had a long history of attempting to replace the machines including Edward Koch who urged they be replaced in 1985.
Dominion Voting Systems ImageCast is used in 52 of the state's 62 counties. The contracts were originally awarded to Sequoia Voting Systems but Dominion acquired the company in 2010. However, the machines in some of the state's largest cities such as New York City, Buffalo, New York and Albany, New York are the DS200 Ballot Scanner by Election Systems & Software.
Dominion had sued the New York City Board of Elections to stop the award of the $70 million contract for to ES&S saying that the contract was not the lowest bidder. New York City ES&S's offering were easier to set up. Courts did not issue a stay in the case noting that doing so would jeopardize the implementation of the vote in time for the election.
Both companies had problems in the implementation in the first year with ES&S being criticized after it was revealed that poll workers were scanning the ballots with the ballot side visible to the public in the primary. Officials said they fixed the problem by training ballot workers. Dominion suffered a problem in the 1st Congressional District in the general election after the machines initially indicated that Tim Bishop had won by 3,500 votes but by the next night officials had declared their opponent Randy Altschuler the victor by 400 votes.
Electronic voting machines by county
References
New York (state) elections
Electronic voting
Uncial 0140 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 10th century.
Description
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 5:34-38, on one parchment leaf (14.5 cm by 12 cm). It is written in one column per page, 18 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The codex now is located in Saint Catherine's Monastery (Sinai Harris App. 41).
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Agnes Smith Lewis, Catalogue of the Syriac MSS. in the Convent of S. Catharine on Mount Sinai. Studia Sinaitica I (London, 1894), p. 116.
Greek New Testament uncials
10th-century biblical manuscripts
Arghesh () is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 325, in 76 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Nosy Be ground gecko (Paroedura oviceps) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
References
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1881
Noussair Mazraoui (; born 14 November 1997) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a right back for Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and Morocco national team.
Club career
Ajax
Mazraoui grew up in Alphen aan de Rijn and started playing for local club AVV Alphen at age 4. They moved to Alphense Boys three years later, where they only played for a year before being invited to play in the youth academy of Ajax. They made their professional debut with Jong Ajax on 12 August 2016 in an Eerste Divisie game against Almere City, replacing Richairo Živković after 86 minutes. On 25 October 2020, Mazraoui scored their first professional goal in a 3–1 victory against FC Midtjylland in the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League. They scored their first league goal in a 5–0 win against N.E.C.
Bayern Munich
On 24 May 2022, Mazraoui signed a four-year deal with Bayern Munich, starting from 1 July.
International career
Mazraoui was a youth international for Morocco. They first played for the Moroccan national team in 2018.
On 10 November 2021, Mazraoui revealed that the relations between them and Moroccan national team coach Vahid Halilhodžić fell. On 13 March 2022, Mazraoui and their Moroccan teammate, Hakim Ziyech, both rejected Halilhodžić's invitation to represent Morocco in the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification – CAF Third Round against DR Congo.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Morocco's goal tally first.
Honours
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2018–19, 2020–21, 2021–22
KNVB Cup: 2018–19, 2020–21
Johan Cruyff Shield: 2019
Bayern Munich
DFL-Supercup: 2022
Individual
Eredivisie Talent of the Month: November 2018
Ajax Talent of the Year: 2019
Ajax Goal of the Month: January 2022
Ajax Goal of the Season: 2021–22
CIES Eredivisie Team of the Year: 2021–22
References
External links
Career stats – Voetbal International
1997 births
Living people
People from Leiderdorp
Citizens of Morocco through descent
Moroccan footballers
Morocco youth international footballers
Dutch footballers
Dutch sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Association football defenders
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
FC Bayern Munich footballers
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Bundesliga players
2019 Africa Cup of Nations players
Morocco international footballers
Footballers from South Holland
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Dutch expatriate footballers
Karen Cox is a British Registered Nurse and academic.  They are currently the Vice Chancellor of University of Kent. They were a Professor of Cancer and Palliative Care, and Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the University of Nottingham. They were one of the main drivers behind the 'Project Transform' there, which was highly controversial and led to a public apology of the university to its staff. Since 1 August 2017, they have served as the sixth Vice-Chancellor of the University of Kent.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of the University of Nottingham
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Kent
Alumni of King's College London
English nurses
Women academic administrators
The Alpine Club was founded in London in 1857 and is the world's first mountaineering club. The primary focus of the club is to support mountaineers who climb in the Alps and the Greater Ranges of the world's mountains.
History
The Alpine Club was founded on 22 December 1857 by a group of British mountaineers at Ashley's Hotel in London. The original founders were active mountaineers in the Alps and instrumental in the development of alpine mountaineering during the Golden Age of Alpinism (1854–1865). E. S. Kennedy was the first chairperson of the Alpine Club but the naturalist, John Ball, was the first president. Kennedy, also the first vice-president, succeeded them as president of the club from 1860 to 1863. In 1863, the club moved its headquarters to the Metropole Hotel.
The Alpine Club is specifically known for having developed early mountaineering-specific gear including a new type of rope. The goal was to engineer a strong and light rope that could be carried easily. A committee of the club tested samples from suppliers and prepared a specification in the early 1900s. The official Alpine Club Rope was then made by John Buckingham of Bloomsbury. It was made from three strands of manila hemp, treated to be rot proof and marked with a red thread of worsted yarn.
The present Alpine Club members remain extremely active in the Alps and the Greater Ranges, as well as in mountain arts, literature and science.
For many years it had the characteristics of a London-based Gentlemen's club, including a certain imprecision in the qualification for membership (said to have been 'A reasonable number of respectable peaks'). Until 1974, the club was strictly for men only, but in 1975, within months of membership being opened to women, a merger with the Ladies' Alpine Club was agreed, and the Club thus gained about 150 new members. By the last quarter of the 20th century, the club had evolved into Britain's senior mountaineering club, with a clear qualification for membership, for both men and women, and an 'aspirant' grade for those working towards full membership. However, it still requires prospective members to be proposed and seconded by existing members.
The club's history has been documented by George Band in their book Summit: 150 Years of the Alpine Club, and its artists in The Artists of the Alpine Club by Peter Mallalieu.
Current activities
Though the club organizes some UK-based meets and indoor lectures, its primary focus has always tended towards mountaineering overseas. It is associated more with exploratory mountaineering than with purely technical climbing (the early club was once dismissed as doing very little climbing but "a lot of walking steeply uphill"). These higher technical standards were often to be found in offshoots such as the 'Alpine Climbing Group' (ACG), founded in 1952.
The club has produced a suite of guidebooks which cover some of the more popular Alpine mountaineering regions. It also holds extensive book and photo libraries as well as an archive of historical artefacts which are regularly lent out to exhibitions.
Its members' activities are recounted annually in the club's publication the Alpine Journal, the world's oldest mountaineering journal, and interim newsletters are produced during the year. The club continues to encourage and sponsor mountaineering expeditions through its membership and is specifically focused on connecting with younger mountaineers. It maintains an online "Himalayan Index" of articles about Himalayan mountaineering activities recorded in the journals, magazines and books in its library.
Presidents
1858–1860: John Ball
1861–1863: E. S. Kennedy
1864–1865: Alfred Wills
1866–1868: Leslie Stephen
1869–1871: William Matthews
1872–1874: William Longman
1875–1877: Thomas Woodbine Hinchliff
1878–1880: Charles Matthews
1881–1883: Thomas George Bonney
1884–1886: Florence Crauford Grove
1887–1889: Clinton Thomas Dent
1890–1892: Horace Walker
1893–1895: Douglas Freshfield
1896–1898: Charles Pilkington
1899–1901: Dr James Bryce (later Viscount Bryce)
1902–1904: Sir Martin Conway (later Lord Conway of Allington)
1905–1907: George Forrest Browne, Bishop of Bristol
1908–1910: Hermann Wooley
1911–1913: W. E. Davison
1914–1916: William Pickford
1917–1919: John Percy Farrar
1920–1922: J. Norman Collie
1923–1925: Charles Granville Bruce
1926–1928: Sir George Henry Morse
1929–1931: Claude Wilson
1932–1934: Sir John Withers
1935–1937: Edward Lisle Strutt
1938–1940: Sir Claud Schuster GCB (later Lord Schuster)
1941–1943: Geoffrey Winthrop Young
1944–1946: Leo Amery
1947–1949: Tom George Longstaff
1950–1952: Claude Aurelius Elliott
1953–1955: Edwin Savory Herbert
1956–1958: Sir John Hunt (later Lord Hunt)
1959–1961: George Finch
1962–1964: Howard Somervell
1965–1967: Eric Shipton
1968–1970: Charles Evans
1971–1973: A. D. M. Cox
1974–1976: John "Jack" Longland
1977–1979: Peter Lloyd
1980–1982: J. H. Emlyn Jones
1983–1985: R. R. E. Chorley
1986: A. K. Rawlinson (died in office)
1986: Lady Denise Evans
1987–1989: George Band
1990–1992: Lieutenant Colonel H. R. A. Streather 'Tony Streather'
1993–1995: Mike Westmacott
1996–1998: Sir Chris Bonington
1999–2001: Doug Scott
2002–2004: Alan Blackshaw
2005–2007: Stephen Venables
2008–2010: Paul Braithwaite
2011–2013: Mick Fowler
2014–2016: Lindsay Griffin
2017–2019: John Porter
2020–: Victor Saunders
Premises
The club's first premises were at 8 St Martin's Place, Trafalgar Square, where it rented rooms in 1858. In 1895 the club moved to 23 Savile Row, and in June 1907, the Scottish artist Sholto Johnstone Douglas held an exhibition of their portraits at the Club.
From 1937 to 1990 the club was based at 74, South Audley Street, in Mayfair, London. In 1936–1937, the surveying firm of Pilditch, Chadwick and Company had converted the ground floor of the building into suitable premises for the club. The club's library was at the back of the building, in what was once the picture gallery of Sir William Cuthbert Quilter. In 1990 the club sold its lease of 74, South Audley Street and briefly shared quarters with the Ski Club of Great Britain at 118, Eaton Square.
In 1991, the Alpine Club acquired the freehold of a five-storey Victorian warehouse at 55, Charlotte Road, on the edge of the City of London, and this building remains its current headquarters. The club's lecture room, bunk-house, library, and archives are all housed there.
References
External links
Official website
A fully digitized 1864 sketchbook from an Alpine Club voyage to Switzerland and Tyrol
1857 establishments in the United Kingdom
Sport clubs established in 1857
Alpine clubs
Climbing organizations
Gentlemen's clubs in London
Mountaineering in the Alps
Mountaineering in the United Kingdom
District 16 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Benton County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Dan Rayfield of Corvallis.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Benton County, Oregon
Samuel Gibson Dixon (March 23, 1851 - February 26, 1918) was an American lawyer, physician, sanitarian for the state of Pennsylvania and bacteriologist who made important contributions to the treatment and prevention of tuberculosis in the late 19th century and early 20th century. They were the Commissioner of the State Department of Health in Pennsylvania from 1905 until their death., during which time they introduced sanitary and hygienic reforms that set new standards for government public health programs and saved thousands of lives.
Dixon was born in Philadelphia, attended private schooling, and went on to graduate from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, being admitted to the bar in 1877. They practiced for 6 years as a lawyer. Due to recurring illness, they chose to change profession and attended the medical department of the University of Pennsylvania, earning the Doctor of Medicine degree in 1886. They then studied in the department of bacteriology in King's College London, the State College of Medicine in London, and in Pettenkoffer's Laboratory of Hygiene in Munich before returning to Penn as the professor of hygiene. They attended medical school at both King's College London and Pettenkofer's Laboratory of Hygiene in Munich.
Their work in tuberculosis prevention is what brought them the most recognition.  They are now regarded as the first researcher to induce immune response to tuberculosis in guinea pigs—a precursor to the development of an effective treatment for the infection in humans. A tuberculosis facility in Mont Alto, Pennsylvania being named after him.
They were appointed to the Board of Public Education in Philadelphia and eventually as the commissioner of health of the State of Pennsylvania.
References
External links
American medical researchers
1851 births
1918 deaths
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Alumni of King's College London
Scientists from Philadelphia
American bacteriologists
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
M. bidentata may refer to:
Manilkara bidentata, a large tree
Micrurapteryx bidentata, a Kyrgyzstani moth
Mysella bidentata, a saltwater clam
Sir Edwin Henry Landseer (7 March 1802 – 1 October 1873) was an English painter and sculptor, well known for their paintings of animals – particularly horses, dogs, and stags. However, their best-known works are the lion sculptures at the base of Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square.
Life
Landseer was born in London, the son of the engraver John Landseer A.R.A. and Jane Potts. They were something of a prodigy whose artistic talents were recognised early on. They studied under several artists, including their father, and the history painter Benjamin Robert Haydon, who encouraged the young Landseer to perform dissections in order to fully understand animal musculature and skeletal structure. Landseer's life was entwined with the Royal Academy. At the age of just 13, in 1815, they exhibited works there as an “Honorary Exhibitor”. They were elected an Associate at the minimum age of 24, and an Academician five years later in 1831.
They were an acquaintance of Charles Robert Leslie, who described them as "a curly-headed youngster, dividing their time between Polito's wild beasts at Exeter Chanqe and the Royal Academy Schools." They also visited Scotland together in 1824, which had a great effect upon Landseer.
In 1823 Landseer was commissioned to paint a portrait of Georgiana Russell, Duchess of Bedford. Despite them being twenty years older than they are, they began an affair.
They were knighted in 1850, and although elected to be president of the Royal Academy in 1866 they declined the invitation. In their late thirties Landseer suffered what is now believed to be a substantial nervous breakdown, and for the rest of their life was troubled by recurring bouts of melancholy, hypochondria, and depression, often aggravated by alcohol and drug use. In the last few years of their life Landseer's mental stability was problematic, and at the request of their family they were declared insane in July 1872.
Painting
Landseer was a notable figure in 19th-century British art, and their works can be found in Tate Britain, the Victoria and Albert Museum, Kenwood House and the Wallace Collection in London. They also collaborated with fellow painter Frederick Richard Lee.
Landseer's popularity in Victorian Britain was considerable, and their reputation as an animal painter was unrivalled. Much of their fame – and their income – was generated by the publication of engravings of their work, many of them by their brother Thomas.
One of their earliest paintings is credited as the origin of the myth that St. Bernard rescue dogs in the Alps carry a small casket of brandy on their collars. Alpine Mastiffs Reanimating a Distressed Traveller (1820) shows two of the dogs standing over a man who is partially buried in snow. One is barking to attract attention while the other, who is depicted with the miniature barrel, attempts to revive the man by licking theirs hand.
Their appeal crossed class boundaries: reproductions of their works were common in middle-class homes, while they were also popular with the aristocracy. Queen Victoria commissioned numerous pictures from the artist. Initially asked to paint various royal pets, they then moved on to portraits of ghillies and gamekeepers. Then, in the year before their marriage, the queen commissioned a portrait of herself, as a present for Prince Albert. They taught both Victoria and Albert to etch, and made portraits of Victoria's children as babies, usually in the company of a dog. They also made two portraits of Victoria and Albert dressed for costume balls, at which they were a guest himself. One of their last paintings was a life-size equestrian portrait of the Queen, shown at the Royal Academy in 1873, made from earlier sketches.
Landseer was particularly associated with Scotland, which they had first visited in 1824 and the Highlands in particular, which provided the subjects (both human and animal) for many of their important paintings. The paintings included their early successes The Hunting of Chevy Chase (1825–26), An Illicit Whisky Still in the Highlands (1826–1829) and their more mature achievements, such as the majestic stag study The Monarch of the Glen (1851) and Rent Day in the Wilderness (1855–1868). In 1828, they were commissioned to produce illustrations for the Waverley Edition of Sir Walter Scott's novels.
So popular and influential were Landseer's paintings of dogs in the service of humanity that the name Landseer came to be the official name for the variety of Newfoundland dog that, rather than being black or mostly black, features a mixture of both black and white. It was this variety Landseer popularised in their paintings celebrating Newfoundlands as water rescue dogs, most notably Off to the Rescue (1827), A Distinguished Member of the Humane Society (1838), and Saved (1856). The paintings combine the Victorian conception of childhood with the appealing idea of noble animals devoted to humankind, a devotion indicated, in Saved, by the fact the dog has rescued the child without any apparent human involvement.
Landseer's painting Laying Down The Law (1840) satirises the legal profession through anthropomorphism. It shows a group of dogs, with a poodle symbolising the Lord Chancellor.
The Shrew Tamed was entered at the 1861 Royal Academy Exhibition and caused controversy because of its subject matter. It showed a powerful horse on its knees among straw in a stable, while a lovely young woman lies with their head pillowed on its flanks, lightly touching its head with their hand. The catalogue explained it as a portrait of a noted equestrienne, Ann Gilbert, applying the taming techniques of the famous 'horse whisperer' John Solomon Rarey.
Critics were troubled by the depiction of a languorous woman dominating a powerful animal and some concluded Landseer was implying the famous courtesan Catherine Walters, then at the height of their fame. Walters was an excellent horsewoman and along with other "pretty horsebreakers", frequently appeared riding in Hyde Park.
Some of Landseer's later works, such as their Flood in the Highlands and Man Proposes, God Disposes (both of 1864) are pessimistic in tone. The latter shows two polar bears toying with the bones of the dead and other remains, from Sir John Franklin's failed Arctic expedition. The painting was purchased at auction by Thomas Holloway and hangs in the picture gallery of Royal Holloway, University of London. It is a college tradition to cover the painting with a union jack, when exams are held in the gallery, as there is a longstanding rumour that the painting drives people mad when they sit near it. In 1862 Landseer painted a portrait of Louisa Caroline Stewart-Mackenzie holding their daughter Maysie.
Sculpture
In 1858 the government commissioned Landseer to make four bronze lions for the base of Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square, following the rejection of a set in stone by Thomas Milnes. Landseer accepted on condition that they would not have to start work for another nine months, and there was a further delay when they asked to be supplied with copies of casts of a real lion they knew were in the possession of the academy at Turin. The request proved complex, and the casts did not arrive until the summer of 1860. The lions were made at the Kensington studio of Carlo Marochetti, who also cast them. Work was slowed by Landseer's ill health, and their fractious relationship with Marochetti. The sculptures were installed in 1867.
Death
Landseer's death on 1 October 1873 was widely marked in England: shops and houses lowered their blinds, flags flew at half mast, their bronze lions at the base of Nelson's column were hung with wreaths, and large crowds lined the streets to watch their funeral cortege pass. Landseer was buried in St Paul's Cathedral, London.
At their death, Landseer left behind three unfinished paintings: Finding the Otter, Nell Gwynne, and The Dead Buck, all on easels in their studio. It was their dying wish that their friend John Everett Millais should complete the paintings, and this they did.
Miscellaneous
Landseer was rumoured to be able to paint with both hands at the same time, for example, paint a horse's head with the right and its tail with the left, simultaneously. They were also known to be able to paint extremely quickly—when the mood struck him. They could also procrastinate, sometimes for years, over certain commissions.
The architect Sir Edwin Landseer Lutyens was named after them and was their godson—Lutyens' father was a friend of Landseer.
Gallery
See also
List of wildlife artists
Lost artworks
Notes
References
External links
Landseer Gallery at MuseumSyndicate
The Royal Collection—Landseer works belonging to the British Royal Family.
Google Art Project—Landseer works on Google Art Project.
, engraved by Charles Heath for The Keepsake annual for 1829 with Verses by Letitia Elizabeth Landon
1802 births
1873 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
Burials at St Paul's Cathedral
Dog artists
People with mental disorders
Royal Academicians
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (civil class)
19th-century English male artists
Abbasabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 1984 Kentucky Wildcats football team represented the University of Kentucky in the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Wildcats scored 293 points while allowing 221 points. Kentucky won the 1984 Hall of Fame Classic Bowl.
Season
Kentucky opened with a 42–0 win over Kent State, followed by a 48–14 win at Indiana. A 30–26 win at Tulane was followed by a 27–14 win over Rutgers, which put Kentucky into the AP poll at #19. The Wildcats then won their conference opener at Mississippi State, 17–13, to improve to 5–0 for the first time since 1950. Kentucky was then ranked #16 in the AP poll.
Kentucky then dropped two conference games against ranked opponents, to #10 LSU 36–10 and to #13 Georgia 37–7. The Wildcats clinched a winning season with a 31–7 win against North Texas and then defeated Vanderbilt 27–18. A 25–17 loss to #5 Florida followed. Kentucky then closed out the regular season with a 17–12 victory at Tennessee.
Kentucky closed its season with a 20–19 victory over #19 Wisconsin in the 1984 Hall of Fame Classic Bowl. As a result, Kentucky finished the season ranked #19 in the final AP poll, with a record of 9–3.
Schedule
Team players in the 1985 NFL Draft
References
Kentucky
Kentucky Wildcats football seasons
All-American Bowl champion seasons
Kentucky Wildcats football
Tselkovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 31 as of 2002.
Geography
Tselkovskaya is located 35 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kharitonovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Nowbahar (, also Romanized as Nowbahār and Now Bahār) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Cherikovsky Uyezd (Чериковский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Mogilev Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the eastern part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Cherykaw.
Demographics
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Cherikovsky Uyezd had a population of 150,277. Of these, 89.6% spoke Belarusian, 8.6% Yiddish, 0.7% Russian, 0.4% Polish, 0.3% Ukrainian, 0.2% Lithuanian and 0.1% Latvian as their native language.
References
Uezds of Mogilev Governorate
Mogilev Governorate
Jenny-Lyn Anderson (born 13 August 1992) is an Australian synchronized swimmer. They competed in the women's team event at the 2012 Olympic Games.
Personal
Anderson was born on 13 August 1992 in Johannesburg, South Africa. They attended Danebank Anglican School For Girls before going to high school at Emmanuel College in Queensland. , they live in Gold Coast, Queensland.
Synchronised Swimming
Anderson is a synchronized swimmer. They began the sport in 2006 and swims for the Gold Coast Mermaids Synchronised Swimming Club. Since 2009, Anderson has been coached by Marina Kholod.
Anderson finished fourth in the team event at the 2010 Swiss Open in Arbon, Switzerland. They finished eleventh in the team event at the 2010 FINA World Cup in China. Anderson and Tamika Domrow competed in the Open Free Duet at the 2011 National Championships, coming away with a fourth-place finish. They finished eighteenth in the technical team event at the 2011 FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China. They finished seventeenth in the team event at the 2011 FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China. They finished ninth in the team event at the 2011 German Open in Bonn, Germany and sixth in the team event at the 2011 French Open in Paris, France. The FINA World Championships held in Shanghai, China served as the 2012 Olympic qualifying event for the team. In the technical team portion, their team finished 18th and in the Free Team event, their team finished 17th.
They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronized swimming alongside Eloise Amberger, Sarah Bombell, Olga Burtaev, Tamika Domrow, Bianca Hammett, Tarren Otte, Frankie Owen and Samantha Reid. The Games will be their first.  They are scheduled to perform one of the team's solo performances.
References
Living people
1992 births
Australian synchronised swimmers
Olympic synchronised swimmers of Australia
Synchronized swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Vanam () is a 2021 Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by Srikantan Anand and produced by Golden Star Productions Pvt Ltd. The film stars Vetri, Anu Sithara and Smruthi Venkat in the lead roles, and the music is composed by Ron Ethan Yohann. The film released theatrically on 26 November 2021.
Synopsis
An art college student, with the help of a documentary filmmaker, tries to find the reasons behind the mysterious deaths of the people who have stayed in a hostel room.
Cast
Vetri as Magizh
Anu Sithara as Malli
Smruthi Venkat as Jasmine
Azhagam Perumal
Vela Ramamoorthy
Ravi Venkatraman
Soundtrack
The soundtrack and score was composed by Ron Ethan Yohann.
Reception
The Times of India gave the film a rating of 2.5 out of 5 and wrote, "Vanam is a run-of-the-mill horror thriller." Bharat Kumar of News Today wrote, "Vanam is a movie that manages a decent watch. Good writing is the key." Sify called it a "run of the mill thriller" and "yet another horror-thriller in Tamil cinema with an earnest flashback episode", rating it 2 out of 5.
References
External links
The 1958-59 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 48 clubs divided in six pools of eight.
The five better of each pool and the two better 6th (for a sum of 32 clubs) were qualified to play a play-off phase.
The championship was won by Racing Paris that defeated Mont-de-Marsan in the final.
Context
The 1959 Five Nations Championship was won France .
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won by Dax that beat Pau for 12-8.
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to "last 32" phase
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
François Moncla, Michel Crauste and Arnaud Marquesuzaa
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1959 lnr.fr
1959
France 1959
Championship
Patty Fendick and Patricia Hy defeated Carin Anderholm and Helena Olsson in the final, 6–1, 7–5 to win the girls' doubles tennis title at the 1983 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Beverly Bowes / Terry Phelps (semifinals)
Patty Fendick / Patricia Hy (champions)
Michelle Torres / Marianne Werdel (first round)
Nathalie Herreman / Larisa Savchenko (semifinals)
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Girls' Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Girls' doubles
The brown-backed whistler (Pachycephala modesta) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae endemic to New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The brown-backed whistler was originally described in the genus Poecilodryas.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
P. m. hypoleuca – Reichenow, 1915: Originally described as a separate species. Found in east-central New Guinea
P. m. modesta – (De Vis, 1894): Found in southeast New Guinea
P. m. telefolminensis – Gilliard & LeCroy, 1961: Found in central New Guinea
References
brown-backed whistler
Birds of Papua New Guinea
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
brown-backed whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jelena McWilliams (; born July 29, 1973) is a Serbian-American business executive and a former Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. They were nominated to the position and to the FDIC Board of Directors by President Donald Trump, and the Senate confirmed their appointment on May 24, 2018. They were sworn in as Chairman on June 5, 2018. Previously, McWilliams was executive vice president and chief legal officer of Fifth Third Bank in Cincinnati, Ohio. They resigned from their position as Chairman of the Board of the FDIC on February 4, 2022.
Early life and education
Born Jelena Obrenić () in Belgrade, Serbia, in the former Yugoslavia, McWilliams traveled to the United States at age 18 as part of a high-school exchange program. They attended the University of California at Berkeley for college. They funded their education by working a series of minimum-wage jobs. They wrote their thesis on the war in their native Yugoslavia. McWilliams graduated with the highest honors with a Bachelor of Arts in political science and went on to earn their law degree from the UC Berkeley School of Law.
Career
McWilliams began practicing law working with tech firms at Morrison & Foerster LLP in Palo Alto, California and then moved to Hogan & Hartson LLP, now Hogan Lovells LLP, in Washington, D.C.
From 2007 to 2010, McWilliams worked as a lawyer at the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, where they focused on a proposal for rules meant to make it easier for consumers to dispute mistakes on their credit reports and to understand their mortgages.
McWilliams worked in the United States Senate for six years, first as assistant chief counsel for the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee and then as chief counsel and deputy staff director for the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs. At the banking committee, McWilliams worked with chairpersons Senator Richard Shelby (R, Alabama) and Senator Mike Crapo (R, Idaho) on, among other issues, the implementation of and efforts to rework or repeal the 2010 Dodd-Frank banking-regulation reform act.
McWilliams served as executive vice president, chief legal officer, and corporate secretary for Fifth Third from January 2017 until May 2018.
Chairman of the FDIC
On November 30, 2017, the White House press secretary issued a release announcing the President's intention to nominate McWilliams to serve as chairperson of the FDIC. McWilliams had been under consideration for the appointment since July 2017, when James Clinger withdrew their nomination for the position.
By year-end 2017, Fifth Third determined that if McWilliams were confirmed as FDIC head, it would not move to have their return the $300,000 signing bonus the bank had paid them when they joined its staff.
Before McWilliams' confirmation, The Wall Street Journal previewed the proposed change in leadership at the FDIC, along with changes at the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, saying banks "can expect to see significant further relief" from postcrisis rules under the new leadership.
In that context, the article referenced Dodd-Frank, The Volcker Rule, the Community Reinvestment Act, small-dollar loans ("Trump officials have said they want to encourage banks to offer loan products that compete" with payday lenders), new banks (from 237 new banks approved by the FDIC in 2005, two were approved in 2016 and seven in 2017; "McWilliams has said they want to speed up new-bank approvals"), fintech,
leveraged lending (loans to heavily in debted companies), cybersecurity ("McWilliams cited cybersecurity as one of their priorities during their Senate testimony"), and capital, liquidity and overall and supplementary leverage rules.
In December 2021, McWilliams announced their resignation, effective February 4, 2022, from the FDIC. Following the election of President Joe Biden, Democrats controlled all the seats on the FDIC except for the one they held. They resigned after expressing their frustrations in an essay published in the Wall Street Journal with what they called the erosion of agency norms at the FDIC and a "hostile takeover" by the other directors. Part of their resignation letter stated, "Of the 20 chairpeople who preceded me at the FDIC, nine faced a majority of the board members from the opposing party, including Mr. Gruenberg as chairperson under President Trump until I replaced them as chairperson in 2018. Never before has a majority of the board attempted to circumvent the chairperson to pursue their own agenda."
Personal life
McWilliams, who is a single mother, has one daughter. They moved their parents from Yugoslavia to the United States after saving enough money to do so.
References
External links
FDIC profile
|-
1973 births
Living people
21st-century American women
American business executives
American people of Serbian descent
American women in business
Chairs of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
People associated with Hogan Lovells
People associated with Morrison & Foerster
Trump administration personnel
UC Berkeley School of Law alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Yugoslav emigrants to the United States
People with acquired American citizenship
Quincy Davis may refer to:
Quincy Davis (basketball) (born 1983), American-born Taiwanese basketball player
Quincy Davis (musician) (born 1977), American drummer
Quincy Davis (surfer) (born 1995), American surfer
Andrea Parola (born 22 April 1979) is a retired Italian football midfielder.
Football career
They started their career at native club Pisa Calcio at Serie C2. They were loaned to Serie D side Poggibonsi in summer 1999, and then to Bulgarian A PFG team Naftex Burgas in summer 2000. They returned to Pisa in summer 2001, this time at Serie C1, before loaned out again at Grosseto of Serie C2.
They were signed by Triestina of Serie B in summer 2003 in co-ownership deal, and Triestina took over the full ownership a year later.
On 24 August 2005, they were spotted by newly promoted team Ascoli, and made their Serie A debut four days later, against A.C. Milan on 28 August. After impressing performances in first half of the 2005–06 season, Udinese Calcio bought half of Parola's right in January 2006, and kept Parola on loan at Acsoli.
But at the end of season, Ascoli bought back half of the right and sold all the rights to Sampdoria. Their teammate Fabio Quagliarella also sold from Udinese. They joined Cagliari next season, on a three-year contract.
They were released by Cagliari on 1 July 2010 and signed a six months contract with Serie B side Novara on 3 January 2011, the first working day of Lega Serie B.
References
1979 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Italian expatriate footballers
Pisa S.C. players
Neftochimic Burgas players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Cagliari Calcio players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
A.S.G. Nocerina players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Sportspeople from Pisa
Footballers from Tuscany
Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Amelia, whilst another was planned:
was a 38-gun fifth rate, previously the French frigate Proserpine, launched in 1785. They were captured in 1796 by and was broken up in 1816.
was an wooden screw gunboat launched in 1856 and broken up in 1865.
HMS Amelia was previously , a coastguard vessel launched in 1851, renamed HMS Amelia in 1872, HMS Fanny in 1889, used as a boom defence vessel from 1902, and sold in 1907.
HMS Amelia was previously a coastguard gunboat launched in 1869. They were renamed HMS Amelia in 1888, HMS Colleen in 1905, HMS Colleen Old in 1916, HMS Emerald in 1918 and HMS Cuckoo later in 1918 before being sold in 1922.
HMS Amelia was to have been a Catherine-class minesweeper. They were launched in the United States in 1943, and was planned to be transferred to the Royal Navy, but was instead retained by the US Navy, where they served as .
See also
Royal Navy ship names
Kusolwan Sorut (born 1 January 1941) is a Thai sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Kusolwan Sorut
Kusolwan Sorut
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic female sprinters
Kusolwan Sorut
The Captain General Palace, or , is a large building localed in the Central Square of Antigua Guatemala. It serves as the headquarters of the Guatemala Institute of Tourism, the Antigua Tourism Association, National Police and the Sacatepquez Department government.
History
In the southeast corner of the Central Plaza, is located the first two-story building constructed in 1558. Made with a wooden floor and arches that support the whole structure. The General Captaincy of Guatemala was governed from this building, and inside it all the government, administrative and military offices worked there. The General Captain's, life was full of luxuries for himself, their family and friends. Construction of the Captain General residence and the Real Audiencia member began in 1558. The building also lodged the Royal Tax office, jail, Army headquarters, horse facilities and warehouses.
By 1678, the Captain General Palace was already a two-story building, with a wooden main entrance and columns.
San Miguel earthquakes
The San Miguel earthquake severely impacted the city of Santiago de los Caballeros; the Royal Palace suffered some damage in rooms and walls. This earthquake made the authorities think about moving the city to a new location less vulnerable to earthquakes, but the city inhabitants strongly opposed this measure and they even went as far as to invade the Palace to make their point. The city did not move, but a considerable number of troops were needed to restore calm. Diego de Porres, city master building fixed the Palace damage and finished by 1720; although they made some more improvements that lasted until 1736.
San Casimiro earthquake
The San Casimiro earthquakes that stroke the city of Santiago de los Caballeros de Guatemala in 1751 damaged the palace again. Its façade and levels were destroyed, but the remaining basis permitted its rebuilt, in 1755, finishing it in 1764. But the nature stroke again, when an earthquake in 1773 shook the city. An intended for transferring the building's columns was made when the city moved into the Ermita Valley, but it wasn't possible because they were too heavy.
Santa Marta earthquake
On July 29, 1773, day of Saint Martha of Bethania, a very powerful earthquake hit the city of Santiago de los Caballeros at around 3:00 p.m. One hour later, an even more devastating tremor that lasted for about a minute hit the city again, in the middle of a strong thunderstorm, destroying churches, government office buildings and private homes. It also broke water and food supply chains, as the natives that provided the city fled to the mountains.
On August 2 and 4, captain general Martín de Mayorga presided over the "General Meetings" with the local authorities, including archbishop Pedro Cortés y Larraz, criollo City Hall members, and regular clergy representatives. They concluded to inform king Carlos III and the Indian Council about the destruction and the eventual move of the city to neighbor "La Ermita" valley, which was not as close to the volcanoes, which were considered the culprit for the destruction of the city at the time.
On December 13, 1773, two strong earthquakes hit the area again, resting the case of the group that wanted to move to a different location. Once 1774 the Indian Council pronounced its verdict on the city status and approved the move to "La Ermita" valley. Matías de Gálvez, between 1779 and 1783, was in charge of coordinating the move.
Possibly the damage caused by the earthquake itself was serious, but not as destructive as the one caused by the city abandonment. On January 16, 1775, master builder Bernardo Ramirez start pulling out all reusable construction material from the destroyed buildings to move it to the new capital city, because of a legal order to do so. After this, the Palace was left without doors, windows, balconies, ornaments, and so on.
After the capital moved to La Ermita
The city remained relatively abandoned during the 19th century, and as such, the Guatemala archbishop sold what was left of monasteries and churches to regular citizens. Some families went back to Antigua to settle there once again, so eventually there had to be some sort of authority that was established in the city and used some of the old buildings to work. Towards the end of the 19th century the old Palace façade was rebuilt, using the stone columns that had been for almost a hundred year in makeshift warehouses in front of the Palace, on the south section of Central Square. After this work, the less damaged sections were reopened: the jail and the government offices.
On February 4, 1976, Guatemala was struck again by a powerful earthquake of 7.5 in the Richter scale, which destroyed most of country infrastructure and severely damaged the Palace. Its eastern façade had to be demolished. The Palace, along with the rest of Antigua Guatemala was declared a world heritage site by UNESCO in 1979.
Gallery
Notes and references
References
Bibliography
External links
Antigua Guatemala
16th-century establishments in New Spain
Buildings and structures completed in 1768
A
Palaces in Guatemala
1768 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Deh-e Shaduiyeh (, also Romanized as Deh-e Shādū'īyeh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 397, in 112 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Rana Ujeshwori Bhagwati temple is located inside the Tansen Durbar square in Palpa district of Nepal. The temple was built by Ujir Singh Thapa as an offering to Goddess Bhagwati on the occasion of victory by Nepal Army over British Raj in Anglo-Nepali War (1872 BS).
The temple was destroyed by the earthquake of 1990 BS and was renovated by Pratap Shamsher Jung Bahadur Rana.
Bhagwati Jatra
A festival called Bhagwati Jatra (also called Sindoor Jatra) is celebrated every year on the next day of Krishna Janmastami. This festival has been celebrated since 1877 BS.
See also
Bhairabsthan Temple
List of Hindu temples in Nepal
References
Hindu temples in Lumbini Province
Buildings and structures in Palpa District
Tansen, Nepal
Pomegranates is a 2015 album by Chilean-American composer Nicolas Jaar, intended as an unofficial alternative soundtrack to the 1969 Soviet Armenian film The Colour of Pomegranates.
Production
Pomengranates was produced as an unofficial alternative soundtrack to the 1969 Soviet Armenian film The Colour of Pomegranates, which was directed by Sergei Parajanov. Jaar first watched the film in 2015, at a friend's suggestion. By this time, they had already composed some of the songs that would later appear on the album. In a note accompanying the released album, Jaar wrote that they were "dumbfounded" by their first viewing of the film:"I felt the aesthetic made complete sense with the strange themes I had been obsessed with over the past couple of years... I was curious to see what my songs sounded like when synced with the images, which turned into a 2-day bender where I soundtracked the entire film, creating a weird collage of the ambient music I had made over the last 2 years."Jaar described the record as an "extremely personal" one, while also stating that, with Pomegranates, they had "failed at doing the kind of ambient record [he] really wanted to do."
Track listing
Reception
Mark Richardson, writing for Pitchfork, wrote that "there are long stretches, particularly in the early going, where it's more of a sound piece than what is usually described as 'music', but the album's second half contains some of Jaar's loveliest tunes." Sasha Geffen, writing for Consequence of Sound, said that given its length, "Pomegranates doesn't always feel like an album or a soundtrack so much as it feels like an experiment in sculpting time."
A screening of The Colour of Pomegranates featuring a live performance of Jaar's alternative soundtrack was originally advertised for 22 February 2017, at the Cinefamily in Los Angeles, California. However, this performance was replaced with the film's original soundtrack, due to objections from the Parajanov-Vartanov Institute and The Film Foundation that the live performance would not present the film as Parajanov intended it.
References
2015 albums
Nicolas Jaar albums
Statesview, or States View, is a historic house located on South Peters Road off Kingston Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. Built in 1805 by early Knoxville architect Thomas Hope and rebuilt in 1823 following a fire, Statesview was originally the home of surveyor Charles McClung (1761–1835). Following McClung's death, newspaper publisher Frederick Heiskell (1786–1882) purchased the house and estate, which they renamed "Fruit Hill." The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architecture and political significance.
Design
Statesview is a simple, two-story Federal-style brick house, located on a wooded lot opposite the intersection of South Peters Road and George Williams Road. The house consists of a main section, a smaller (but still two stories) northeast wing, and a modern rear addition. The main section consists of a central entry hall flanked by rooms on either side, with a staircase leading to the second story. It is unknown how closely the current house, reconstructed following a fire in 1823, resembles the original house, or if it includes any part of the original.
History
Statesview was built for early Knoxville surveyor Charles McClung, a son-in-law of Knoxville founder James White. McClung drew up the original 1791 plat of Knoxville, and surveyed what is now Kingston Pike during the same period. Construction on Statesview, then located in an isolated area west of Knoxville, began around 1804, and was completed in 1805. To build the house, McClung hired Thomas Hope, an English-born architect and house joiner who had previously built the Ramsey House in east Knox County.
Following McClung's death in 1835, their heirs sold the house and estate to Frederick Heiskell. Heiskell had cofounded the Knoxville Register, the city's leading newspaper, in 1816. Prior to purchasing Statesview, however, they sold their interest in the paper and retired. Heiskell renamed the estate "Fruit Hill."
By the time Heiskell purchased Statesview, the estate consisted of , and included a gristmill along nearby Sinking Creek (modern Ten Mile Creek) known as "Mansion Mill" (replaced circa 1870 by the current Ebenezer Mill), as well as a sawmill. Heiskell planted extensive orchards throughout the estate, where they grew apples, pears, peaches, cherries, plums, and quinces. They also raised horses, cattle, and hogs.
Around 1880, Heiskell, then in their early 90s, moved back to Knoxville. The ownership of Statesview passed to their stepson, James Fulkerson.
See also
Alexander Bishop House
Knollwood (Bearden Hill)
James Park House
Colonel John Williams House
References
Knoxville: Fifty Landmarks. (Knoxville: The Knoxville Heritage Committee of the Junior League of Knoxville, 1976), page 10.
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Deurne en Liessel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It contained the villages of Deurne and Liessel.
Deurne en Liessel merged in 1926 with the municipality of Vlierden, to form the new municipality of "Deurne".
The spoken language is Peellands (an East Brabantian dialect, which is very similar to colloquial Dutch).
References
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Deurne, Netherlands
Saidabad (, also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād and Saiyidābād; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Tabas County
Stoenești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bădeni, Cotenești, Lunca Gârtii, Piatra, Slobozia, Stoenești and Valea Bădenilor.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Trabada is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.
Municipalities in the Province of Lugo
Pakistan and Bangladesh are both South Asian Muslim-majority countries. Following the end of the British Empire, the two countries formed a single state for 24 years. The Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 resulted in the secession of East Pakistan as the People's Republic of Bangladesh. Pakistan (formerly West Pakistan) recognized Bangladesh in 1974 after pressure from across the world.
The two countries are both founding members of SAARC, and members of the Developing 8 Countries, the OIC and the Commonwealth of Nations. Both are classified as Next Eleven emerging economies. Bangladesh has a High Commission in Islamabad and Deputy High Commission in Karachi. Pakistan has a High Commission in Dhaka.
History
Liberation
As part of the Partition of India in 1947, Bengal was partitioned between the Dominion of India and the Dominion of Pakistan. The Pakistani part of Bengal was known as East Bengal until 1955 and thereafter as East Pakistan following the implementation of the One Unit program.
Bilateral relations between the two wings grew strained over the lack of official recognition for the Bengali language, democracy, regional autonomy, disparity between the two wings, ethnic discrimination, and the central government's weak and inefficient relief efforts after the 1970 Bhola cyclone, which had affected millions in East Pakistan. These grievances led to several political agitations in East Bengal and ultimately a fight for full independence. In early March 1971, 300 Biharis were slaughtered in rioting by Bengali mobs in Chittagong. The massacre was used by the Pakistan Armed Forces as a justification to launch "Operation Searchlight", which targeted intellectuals, political activists, Hindus and other minorities. The number of people killed by Pakistani forces remains disputed, with estimates ranging from 300,000 to 3 million. About 8-10 million people became refugees in India. Many Bengali police officers and soldiers mutinied and nationalists formed a guerrilla force, the Mukti Bahini with Soviet and Indian support. When a declared war broke out between West Pakistan and East Pakistan in December 1971, the joint forces of Mukti Bahini and Indian Army later known as Bangladesh Armed forces defeated Pakistani forces in East Pakistan and the independent state of Bangladesh was created.
Mukti Bahini, the Bengali resistance force, backed by Indian government, from East Pakistan, killed non-Bengalis (primarily West Pakistanis and Biharis) in the aftermath of the Bangladesh Liberation War.
1974–2012: Establishment and growth of bilateral relations
The left-oriented Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) led by Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who had been the main political opponent of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, came into power in the aftermath of Bangladesh's separation from Pakistan. Initially, Pakistan was not in favour of recognizing Bangladesh and urged other states to hold back their recognition until Pakistan could enter into a dialogue with Bangladeshi leadership. Bangladesh on its part insisted recognition as a pre-condition for dialogue. In 1972, Pakistan left the Commonwealth after some members of the Commonwealth extended membership to Bangladesh. Pakistan also severed ties with other countries which recognized Bangladesh.
On the issue of Bangladesh's application for membership to the UN, China, on Pakistan's request, exercised its veto power for the first time to stall the move, which helped Pakistan to secure in a bargain the release of its prisoners of war and the return of troops to their pre-war positions.
In 1974, the relationship between Bangladesh and Pakistan thawed. Sheikh Mujibur Rahman withdrew the bans on some pro-Pakistan organisations that had operated before Bangladesh's independence. Mujib visited Lahore for an OIC Islamic summit, and in return the Parliament of Pakistan authorised Bhutto to extend recognition to Bangladesh. In June 1974, Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto visited Bangladesh and paid homage to Bangladesh's war memorial at Savar Upazila. Both nations discussed an agreement in 1975 in which Bangladesh agreed to take up half of Pakistan's pre-1971 external reserves provided Bangladesh received half of the country's pre-1971 assets and credit went unresolved.
Relations improved considerably under the governments of Ziaur Rahman and Hossain Mohammad Ershad in Bangladesh, which had grown more distant from its usual allies, like India and Russia. Five Pakistani heads of government have made official visits to Bangladesh since the 1980s and numerous trade and cultural agreements have been signed. Common concerns over terrorism have influenced strategic cooperation leading to a gift of several squadrons of F-6 fighter aircraft to the Bangladesh Air Force in the late 1980s although there was no serious effort to maintain them as they were later left to be destroyed by a cyclone. Trade between the two countries currently stands at $340 million which was described by the Deputy High Commissioner of Bangladesh, Ruhul Alam Siddique as 'negligible when taking into account the combined population' (of both countries). Areas they hoped would induce investment from Pakistan to Bangladesh included the textiles and energy sectors.
In 1985, Pakistani President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq visited the Bangladeshi war memorial, and said "Your heroes are our heroes." Bangladeshi President Ershad visited Islamabad in 1986. In 1998, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina visited Pakistan. In July 2002, Pakistani General Pervez Musharraf also visited the war memorial and said "Your brothers and sisters in Pakistan share the pain of the events of 1971."
In their history of Bangladesh, Craig Baxter gives a general assessment of the relations between both countries:
2013: War crimes tribunal
In December 2013, Bangladeshi Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami Islamist leader Abdul Quader Molla, dubbed the "butcher of Mirpur", was executed in Bangladesh for war crimes. Following the execution, the lower house National Assembly of Pakistan issued a statement condemning execution, claiming it to be politically motivated. Pakistan's Interior Minister expressed sadness that Molla was executed for their "loyalty towards Pakistan".
As a result of Pakistan's reactions, Bangladesh summoned the Pakistani High Commissioner, conveying its displeasure at Pakistan's interference in its internal matters. Bangladesh conveyed its displeasure at the National Assembly statement, Punjab Provincial Assembly statement, as well as the remarks by Pakistan's Interior Minister. Protesters in Bangladesh also took to the streets to express their displeasure by marching towards the Pakistan High Commission in Dhaka.
2015–2016: Diplomatic rifts
In two separate incidents, officials of the Pakistani High Commission in Dhaka were alleged to be financing the terrorist activities of the banned Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh organization. Diplomatic official Mazhar Khan was charged by Bangladesh's foreign ministry of running an illegal Indian currency business in Dhaka beside alleged links with militants. However, Pakistan's foreign office maintains that allegations against them are baseless and the incident is unfortunate.
In December 2015, Pakistan withdrew the diplomat Farina Arshad after Bangladeshi authorities asked the diplomat to leave for reportedly having "extended financial support to a suspected militant who faces spying charges". Jama'atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) operative Idris Sheikh, who also holds Pakistani nationality, had claimed they had received money from them and was in contact with them for some time. Pakistan has withdrawn one of its diplomats from Bangladesh after "harassment", the foreign ministry said. A formal statement from Islamabad dismissed the charges as "baseless", adding "an incessant and orchestrated media campaign was launched against them on spurious charges".
In January 2016, Islamabad asked Dhaka to recall senior diplomat Moushumi Rahman from its High Commission in Islamabad within 48 hours. Diplomatic sources in Islamabad told the media that Rahman was allegedly involved in "anti-state activities in Pakistan" and that concerned security agencies continued to monitor them
2018 to present
Following the election of Imran Khan as Prime Minister of Pakistan, the two countries have slowly begun to normalise ties. Remarkably, Khan made a phone call to Sheikh Hasina in July 2020 following Bangladesh's foreign policy announcement of "friendship to all and malice to none", inviting them to Islamabad. Hasina later mentioned that they were interested in strengthening bilateral ties with Pakistan. Following a meeting with Shahriar Alam on 7 January 2021, the Government of Pakistan removed all Visa requirements for Bangladeshi citizens.
Residency issues
Bangladeshis in Pakistan
There has been a presence of people from modern day Bangladesh in present-day Pakistan going back generations, even during the times of the British Raj. This continued from 1971 onwards and extended into the 1980s when massive numbers of Bangladeshis entered Pakistan. This led to a crackdown by the government of Benazir Bhutto in the 1990s after public resentment and complaints of crime and social unrest. Today there are about an estimated two million unregistered Bangladeshis in Pakistan. There has been a small number of Bangladeshi expatriate students studying in Pakistan but that number has been on the decline mainly due to security concerns in the country.
Biharis in Bangladesh
An issue of continuing controversy is the status and return of Biharis (also called Stranded Pakistanis) to Pakistan. Numbered around 540,000, these communities had migrated to what became East Pakistan from the Indian state of Bihar after the partition of India in 1947. During the liberation war, these communities supported the Pakistani government and later wanted to emigrate to Pakistan, which stalled and hesitated. By 1982 about 127,000 had been repatriated, leaving about 250,000 people still demanding repatriation. In 1985 there was some progress in this area when Pakistani president Zia-ul-Haq agreed to accept the "stranded Pakistanis." In a 2002 visit to Bangladesh, Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf signed numerous bilateral agreements but said they could not allow the emigration of Biharis to Pakistan for the time being.
Defence relations
Defence relations improved considerably under the military regimes of Ziaur Rahman and Hossain Mohammad Ershad in Bangladesh, which had grown more distant from its war ally, India. Common concerns over India's regional power have influenced strategic cooperation leading to a gift of several squadrons of F-6 fighter aircraft to the Bangladesh Air Force in the late 1980s.
Bilateral trade
Bilateral trade between the two countries has been growing slowly over the past years. During the eleven-year period between 2000–01 and 2010–11, Pakistan export to Bangladesh grew at an average annual rate of 27.6 percent and imports from Bangladesh grew at the rate of 9.2 percent. The total value of trade (export plus import) between the two countries in 2010-11 was about $983 million. To give a boost to bilateral trade between Pakistan and Bangladesh both countries have decided to finalise a bilateral Free Trade Agreement. FTA will pave the way for opening trade opportunity and will help expansion of trade between the two countries.
Major Pakistani exports to Bangladesh include cotton, machinery, oil, plastics and mechanical appliances. Major Bangladeshi exports to Pakistan include textiles, agricultural products, leather footwear and other leather products.
The two-way trade current stand at $340 million which was described by the Deputy High Commissioner of Bangladesh, Ruhul Alam Siddique as 'negligible when taking into account the combined population' (of both countries). Areas they hoped would induce investment from Pakistan to Bangladesh included the textiles and energy sectors.
According to State Bank of Pakistan data, Pakistan's exports to Bangladesh stood at $736 million while Bangladeshi exports to Pakistan were $44 million as of 2019.
See also
Foreign relations of Bangladesh
Foreign relations of Pakistan
Notes
References
Bangladesh and the Commonwealth of Nations
Pakistan
Bilateral relations of Pakistan
Pakistan and the Commonwealth of Nations
James Moore (1826–1887) was an engineer responsible for the first steam-powered railway to operate in Australia.
Early life
James Moore was born in about 1827 in England, a nephew of Sir William Cubitt, under whom they were engaged on the South Eastern and Great Northern railways, and presumably learnt their trade there. In due course they qualified as a Chartered Engineer. They moved to Australia in the early 1850s.
Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company
In March 1854, Moore was appointed as Chief Engineer of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, which was set, six months later, to open the first steam-powered railway in Australia. It was reported that they were a man "of whose abilities rumour speaks favourably". They succeeded William Snell Chauncy, who had resigned the engineership of the line under a cloud as the work on the railway pier had proven useless. Moore was responsible for completing the railway line between the city and Sandridge, and the main deep-water pier on Hobson's Bay at Sandridge. They can also be credited with the first locomotive in the Australian colonies when they attached a pile driving steam engine to one of the heavy railway trucks, to assist in construction of the line.
At the opening of the line in September 1854, they were presented with an engraved watch with the inscription: "James Moore, Esq. Engineer of the Melbourne & Hobson's Bay Railway by the Commissioners as a token of their esteem and in commemoration of theirs having opened the first Railway in the Australian Colonies Sept. 12th 1854". However, not long after this they were replaced on 12 December 1854, by William Elsdon, possibly due to some perceived incompetence.
Later career
Little is known of Moore's later career, although they are noted as having been late resident engineer of the Windsor and Richmond Railway (in New South Wales) and then superintendent of works on the Southern extension of the New South Wales Great Southern Railway into the town of Goulburn.
A James Moore is also credited with building the Victorian Railways Administration Offices in Spencer Street, Melbourne. However, although commissioned in 1886, building only started in 1888 and was not completed until 1893, so it is possible that this was a different James Moore.
They moved to Lismore in New South Wales in about 1870, where they managed a well-known sugar plantation in the Big Scrub but when they experienced some heavy losses they moved into Lismore and took up the position as Engineer for the Borough of Lismore in 1886, until ill health caused them to resign on 15 April 1886.
Death
Moore died in Lismore, New South Wales in 1887 of diabetes aged 61, having been resident at the country property Jesswoolgan, near Alstonville, New South Wales for some time, and was referred to as for many years civil engineer of the Railway Department in Sydney. They were described as ...one who was always kind and affable, and whose' hand was ever stretched forth to assist the needy or distressed.''' Their funeral was held at the Lismore Church of England read by the Rev. A. Poole, and their remains were interred at the Wilson's Ridges Church of England Cemetery, Lismore.
References
Bibliography
Cumming, D.A. Some Public Works Engineers in Victoria in the Nineteenth Century Technology Report No. TR-85/10. August 1985.
Lee, Robert. The Railways of Victoria 1854–2004'' Melbourne University Publishing Ltd, .
Harrigan, Leo J. (1962). Victorian Railways to '62. Public Relations and Betterment Board. p. 274.
1826 births
1887 deaths
British civil engineers
Australian civil engineers
Engineers from Melbourne
Khuda Kasam is a 1981 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Lekh Tandon and produced by Baldev Pushkarna. It stars Vinod Khanna, Tina Munim in lead roles, along with Pran, Ajit, Nazneen, Kamini Kaushal in pivotal roles. Dharmendra was in a special appearance here. The music was composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal.
Cast
Vinod Khanna as Sumer Singh
Tina Munim as Tina
Pran as Ranveer Singh / Girdharilal
Ajit as Raizada Hukamchand
Madan Puri as Kishanlal
Shakti Kapoor as Khanna
Nazneen as Geeta Singh
Kamini Kaushal as Nirmala Singh
Dharmendra as Maharaja Bhunam
Jalal Agha as Pancham
C.S. Dubey as Pandit
Chandrashekhar as Inspector
Surendra Pal as Chouhan, World Airways Representative
Zahira as Lathika
Pinchoo Kapoor as Hotel Customer
Songs
Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1981 films
Films scored by Laxmikant–Pyarelal
Anglican Mainstream is a conservative Anglican organization from the Church of England. It describes itself as "a community within the Anglican Communion committed to promote, teach and maintain the Scriptural truths on which the Anglican Church was founded". It is best known through its website, which posts items of interest or concern to its constituency. The convenor of the organization's UK steering committee is Philip Giddings.
Britain and Ireland
It brings together Anglicans in the British Isles who are concerned to maintain a traditional position on controversial issues. Participating organisations include evangelical groups in England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland, such as Reform, Church Society, the Church of England Evangelical Council, the New Wine network, the Scottish Anglican Network and mission agencies. It has close links with similar groups in North America and South Africa.
Anglican realignment
Anglican Mainstream is also involved in partnering with growing churches in the developing world through Anglican International Development (AID). It has strong links with the Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans, and supports the Anglican realignment and the Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON).
Social conservatism
Anglican Mainstream is concerned about a number of social issues including abortion and end of life issues, the status of marriage and family, evangelism, the cultural challenge of secular society and general Anglican church life in Britain and overseas. Of all the issues with which it is concerned, its stance on issues of sexuality has drawn controversy, particularly its support for sexual abstinence for homosexual people and the ex-gay movement, which it considers to be a minority group often ignored or silenced. Liberal pro-homosexuality groups such as Changing Attitude have been particularly opposed to Anglican Mainstream, especially over their view that homosexual orientation is an unalterable fact of human nature.
In 2012, Anglican Mainstream was part of a coalition of Christian groups intending to run a two-week campaign in which some London buses would carry an advertisement reading "Not gay! Post-gay, ex-gay and proud. Get over it!" in the same style as adverts produced by Stonewall, the gay rights group. The intention was to draw attention to the existence of ex-gays and the possibility of change, a claim which is contradicted by some mainstream psychologists. After receiving appropriate permissions the campaign was then prohibited by London's mayor, Boris Johnson, because of the offence they believed it would cause.
See also
Reform (Anglican)
Core Issues Trust
Mediawatch-UK
References
External links
Anglican organizations established in the 21st century
Anglican realignment
Christian political organizations
Church of England
Conservatism in the United Kingdom
Evangelicalism in the Church of England
Organisations based in Oxfordshire
Religion in Oxfordshire
West Oxfordshire District
Connor Brent Ingram (born March 31, 1997) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career
Junior
After playing at various different levels of youth hockey, they joined the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League for the 2014–15 WHL season. They appeared in 52 games, posting a 21–21–5 record, along with a .904 save percentage and 2.96 goals allowed average. In the 2015–16 WHL season, Ingram helped lead the Blazers to a playoff appearance. They had a much larger role on the team, appearing in 61 games, posting a 34–15–9 record with a .922 save percentage and 2.61 goals allowed average. Despite their efforts, the Blazers were eliminated in the first round by the Kelowna Rockets.
Following the 2015–16 WHL season, Ingram was drafted in the third round, 88th overall, by the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Ingram started the 2016–17 WHL season with the Blazers. They played in 45 games with the Blazers, posting a 26–14–2 record along with a .927 save percentage and a 2.44 goals allowed average. The Blazers qualified for the playoffs once again, but were again eliminated by Kelowna in the first round.
Professional
On April 4, 2017, Ingram and the Lightning agreed on a three-year, entry-level contract. They were also signed to an amateur try out with the Syracuse Crunch on the same day. They didn't make an appearance with the Crunch for the rest of their season.
Ingram made their professional debut on October 7, 2017 with the Crunch. They made 15 saves on 18 shots in an overtime loss to the Rochester Americans. Ingram recorded their first professional win three weeks later on October 21. They stopped 23 of 24 shots in a 4–1 Crunch win over the Springfield Thunderbirds. On December 9, 2017, Ingram stopped all 18 shots they faced to record their professional shutout over the Belleville Senators. Ingram would finish the regular season with a 20–11–2 record with four shutouts along with a .914 save percentage and 2.33 goals allowed average to help lead the Crunch to the 2018 Calder Cup playoffs. They would split time with Edward Pasquale in the playoffs, posting a 1–3 record with a .904 save percentage and 3.07 goals allowed average. The Crunch would be eliminated in the second round by the eventual Calder Cup champions, the Toronto Marlies.
Ingram spent the 2018–19 season split between the Syracuse Crunch and the Orlando Solar Bears, the ECHL affiliate of the Lightning. In their time with the Crunch, they were an AHL All-Star, posting a 14–7–0 record with six shutouts, a .922 save percentage and 2.26 goals allowed average. In their time with the Solar Bears, Ingram posted an 8–2–0 record with a .914 save percentage and 2.81 goals allowed average. In 10 playoff games with the Solar Bears, they posted a 5–2–3 record along with a .935 save percentage and a 1.94 goals allowed average. The Solar Bears would be eliminated in the second round by the Florida Everblades.
On June 14, 2019, the Nashville Predators announced that they had acquired Ingram in exchange for a seventh-round pick in the 2021 NHL Entry Draft.
On October 24, 2021, Ingram recorded their first NHL win with the Predators, making 33 saves in a 5–2 win over the Minnesota Wild. Ingram's first win came nearly 9 months after entering the league's player assistance program.
Career statistics
Awards and honors
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Adirondack Thunder players
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Chicago Wolves players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
IF Björklöven players
Kamloops Blazers players
Milwaukee Admirals players
Nashville Predators players
Orlando Solar Bears (ECHL) players
Sportspeople from Saskatoon
Syracuse Crunch players
Tampa Bay Lightning draft picks
Douglas Young (born 12 December 1961) is a British boxer. They competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Scottish male boxers
British male boxers
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
People from Jedburgh
Heavyweight boxers
The is a late Jōmon period archaeological site in the city of Kitaakita, Akita Prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan. Discovered during the construction of a highway to nearby Odate–Noshiro Airport, the remains were designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 2001 by the Japanese government. The site is located approximately five minutes on foot from on the Akita Nairiku Railway.
Site
The site consists of three large stone circles located on an artificially flattened plateau on the west bank of the Yoneshiro River. The largest circle is between 42 and 45 meters in diameter, and completely encloses a fourth stone circle. The stones, including porphyrite, rhyolite and tuff, were brought from rivers up to five kilometers away, and the site has a moat on its eastern side with a length of more than 100 meters. More than 100 pits have been found, both inside and outside the stone circles, containing terracotta plates and jars, and small clay objects along with hunting and fishing implements and everyday tools. No bones have been found, but soil discoloration indicates that the site was a necropolis and the objects found were ritual or grave-goods. Some 200 clay dogu have also been found on the site, many of which appear to have been intentionally broken. One of the stone circles contains a standing stone which appears to have served as a sun dial.
Next to the stone circles, post holes indicate that as many as 37 pit-houses with a width of 3–5 meters and length of 6–7 meters were built on the site, although there is no indication that this was a permanently inhabited settlement.
There are no public facilities at site. Many of the artifacts recovered from the site are on display at the Kitaakita city Community Center.
The site has been submitted for inscription on the UNESCO World Heritage List as one of the Jōmon Archaeological Sites in Hokkaidō, Northern Tōhoku, and other regions
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Akita)
References
External links
伊勢堂岱遺跡 Agency for Cultural Affairs (Japanese)
Archaeological sites in Japan
Tourist attractions in Akita Prefecture
Jōmon period
Stone circles in Asia
History of Akita Prefecture
Kitaakita
Taebaeksaukia spinata is a species of trilobites in the family Dikelocephalidae, which existed in what is now Korea during the upper Furongian period. It was described in 2011, and is the only species in the genus Taebaeksaukia.
References
Dikelocephalidae
Asaphida genera
Cambrian trilobites
Fossil taxa described in 2011
Monotypic arthropod genera
Prehistoric arthropods of Asia
The 2019–20 Cupa României was the 82nd season of the annual Romanian primary football knockout tournament. The winner will qualify for the first qualifying round of the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League. Times up to 26 October 2019 and from 29 March 2020 are EEST (UTC+3). Times between 27 October 2019 and 28 March 2020 are EET (UTC+2).
Participating clubs
The following 145 teams qualified for the competition:
Round and draw dates
Source:
Preliminary Rounds
The first rounds, and any preliminaries, are organised by the Regional Leagues.
First Round
All matches were played on 31 July 2019.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|31 July 2019
|}
Second Round
All matches were played on 14 and 15 August 2019.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|14 August 2019
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|15 August 2019
|}
Third Round
All matches were played on 27, 28 and 29 August 2019.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|27 August 2019
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|28 August 2019
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|29 August 2019
|}
Fourth Round
All matches were played on 10 and 11 September 2019.
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|10 September 2019
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#97DEFF"|11 September 2019
|}
Round of 32
The matches were played on 24, 25 and 26 September 2019.
Round of 16
The matches were played on 29, 30 and 31 October 2019.
Quarter-finals
The matches were played on 3, 4 and 5 March 2020.
Semi-finals
The semi-final matches are played in a round-trip system. The first legs will be played on 24 June 2020 and the second legs will be played on 8 July 2020.
|}
1st leg
2nd leg
Final
References
Romania
2019-20
The brown-bellied swallow (Orochelidon murina) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and pastureland.
Gallery
References
Further reading
brown-bellied swallow
Birds of the Northern Andes
brown-bellied swallow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Roslan may refer to:
Roslan Ahmad, Malaysian politician, Malacca State Executive Councillor
Wan Roslan Wan Hamat, Malaysian politician, Kelantan State Executive Councillor
Emmett Roslan Ishak, lead vocalist in Butterfingers, a Malaysian rock band
Abdul Afiq Roslan (born 1996), Bruneian footballer
Faizal Roslan, Singaporean professional footballer
Farhan Roslan (born 1996), Malaysian footballer
Fauzi Roslan (born 1988), aka Kojie, Malaysian footballer
Izray Iffarul Roslan (born 1992), Malaysian footballer
Izzuddin Roslan (born 1999), Malaysian professional footballer
Jamaluddin Roslan (born 1978), Malaysian field hockey player
Razman Roslan (born 1984), Malaysian professional footballer
Syazwan Roslan (born 1988), Malaysian footballer
Takhiyuddin Roslan (born 1993), Malaysian footballer
Roslan Sulaiman, Malaysian academic administrator
See also
Rizlan
Rosaleen
Rosalyn (disambiguation)
Roslin (disambiguation)
Roslyn (disambiguation)
Rosslyn (disambiguation)
Rozalin (disambiguation)
Ruslan (disambiguation)
George Courtenay (1666–1725), of Ford, Devon, was an English landowner and Tory politician who sat in the English and British House of Commons between 1702 and 1713.
Courtenay was baptized on 13 May 1666, the seventh, but fourth surviving son of Sir William Courtenay, 1st Baronet. They were admitted at Middle Temple in 1684. In November 1688, they joined the Prince of Orange at Exeter. They were an ensign in the 1st Foot Guards in 1689, and was appointed vice-admiral of Devon and Exeter in May 1689, holding the post for the rest of their life. They inherited the estate of Ford from their mother in January 1694.
Courtenay was returned as a Tory Member of Parliament for East Looe at a by-election on 4 February 1702 and voted for the vindication of the Commons actions in impeaching the King's Whig ministers on 26 February 1702. They did not stand at the 1702 English general election.
At the 1708 British general election Courtenay was returned as Tory MP for Totnes. They voted against the impeachment of Dr Sacheverell in 1710. At the 1710 British general election, they were defeated at Ashburton but was returned successfully at Newport by Sir Nicholas Morice, 2nd Baronet. They were listed as a ‘worthy patriot' who detected the mismanagements of the previous administration and was a member of the October Club. In 1711 they were appointed to a place in the victualling office. They did not stand at the 1713 British general election. They lost their place in the Victualling office in 1714 on the accession of George I.
Courtenay died unmarried before 25 May 1725. They were the brother of Francis Courtenay and Richard Courtenay - both Members of Parliament.
References
1666 births
1725 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
English MPs 1701–1702
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Cornwall
The 13th congressional district of Illinois is currently represented by Republican Rodney L. Davis.
Redistricting
2020 redistricting
Following the 2020 census and the subsequent 2020 United States redistricting cycle, the 13th congressional district was significantly altered to include sections of the cities of Champaign, Springfield, and the Metro East of St. Louis. All of Macoupin county, and sections of Champaign, Macon, Madison, Piatt, Sangamon, and St. Clair counties are included in the new 13th.
Recent statewide election results
In the 2004 United States presidential election, this district voted for George W. Bush over John Kerry, 55% to 45%. However, in 2008 the district flipped and voted for Barack Obama in an almost reversed result from the previous election.
Recent election results
2012
2014
The Republican and Democratic primaries took place on March 18, 2014. In the Republican primary, incumbent Rodney L. Davis defeated fellow Republicans Erika Harold and Michael Firsching. In the Democratic primary, Ann Callis defeated George Gollin and David Green. Bill Byrnes had previously withdrawn from the Democratic primary. Josh Dill ran in the district as an Independent.
2016
2018
2020
List of members representing the district
See also
Illinois's congressional districts
List of the United States congressional districts
References
Specific
General
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
External links
U.S. Census Bureau – 13th District Fact Sheet
Ann Callis 2014 Democratic candidate – Campaign Site
David Green 2014 Democratic candidate – Campaign Site
Rodney Davis Incumbent Republican – Campaign Site
13
Constituencies established in 1863
1863 establishments in Illinois
Romanesco () is one of the central Italian dialects spoken in the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital, especially in the core city. It is linguistically close to Tuscan and Standard Italian, with some notable differences from these two. Rich in vivid expressions and sayings, Romanesco is used in a typical diglossic setting, mainly for informal/colloquial communication, with code-switching and translanguaging with the standard language.
History
The medieval Roman dialect belonged to the southern family of Italian dialects, and was thus much closer to the Neapolitan language than to the Florentine. A typical example of Romanesco of that period is Vita di Cola di Rienzo ("Life of Cola di Rienzo"), written by an anonymous Roman during the 14th century. Starting with the 16th century, the Roman dialect underwent a stronger and stronger influence from the Tuscan dialect (from which modern Italian derives) starting with the reigns of the two Medici popes (Leo X and Clement VII) and with the Sack of Rome in 1527, two events which provoked a large immigration from Tuscany. Therefore, current Romanesco has grammar and roots that are rather different from other dialects in Central Italy.
The path towards a progressive Tuscanization of the dialect can be observed in the works of the major Romanesco writers and poets of the past two centuries: Giuseppe Gioachino Belli (1791–1863), whose sonetti romaneschi represent the most important work in this dialect and an eternal monument to 19th century Roman people; Cesare Pascarella (1858–1940); Giggi Zanazzo (1860–1911); and Carlo Alberto Salustri (1871–1950), nicknamed Trilussa.
Diffusion
Before Rome became the capital city of Italy, Romanesco was spoken only inside the walls of the city, while the little towns surrounding Rome had their own dialects. Nowadays, these dialects have been replaced with a variant of Romanesco, which therefore is now spoken in an area larger than the original one. It slightly pervades the everyday language of most of the immigrants who live in the large city.
Pronunciation
Romanesco pronunciation and spelling differs from Standard Italian in these cases:
is used where standard Italian uses . This is spelt , a letter no longer used in Italian. Compare Italian "son" and Romanesco ;
geminate ("rolled r" or alveolar trill) does not exist anymore: for example, ; ( "light blue"), ( "he/she would come"). A Roman pun recites: "" (): note that and are also "wrong", as they are and in Standard Italian. This phenomenon presumably developed after 1870, as it was not present in the classical 19th century Romanesco of Belli;
becomes before another consonant: , Italian "money";
in Romanesco, as in most Central and Southern Italian languages and dialects, and are always geminated where permissible: e.g. for Standard Italian "book", for "diary, agenda".
the dropping of vowels at the beginning of a word when followed by a nasal consonant (m, n, gn), for example 'nzomma (Standard Italian ), 'n (Standard Italian ), 'mparà (Standard Italian ), gni (Standard Italian ).
assimilation with different consonant groups. (typically a Central-Southern phenomenon) For example, turns into (Standard Italian turns into ), turns into (Standard Italian turns into ), turns into (Standard Italian turns into ).
Noteworthy figures
Today, Romanesco is generally considered more of a regional idiom than a true language. Classical Romanesco, which reached high literature with Giuseppe Gioachino Belli, has disappeared.
External forces such as immigration and the dominance of Italian are playing a role in the transformation.
Notable artists using Romanesco
Ettore Petrolini, actor
Elena Fabrizi, actor and cook
Antonello Venditti, singer
Aldo Fabrizi, actor and director
Alberto Sordi, actor and director
Nino Manfredi, actor
Anna Magnani, actor
Gabriella Ferri, singer
Tomas Milian, actor
Mario Brega, actor and comedian
Gigi Proietti, actor, director and comedian
Enrico Montesano, actor and comedian
Carlo Verdone, actor and director
Sabrina Ferilli, actor
Trilussa, poet (Carlo Alberto Salustri's pen name)
Giuseppe Gioacchino Belli, poet
Cesare Pascarella, poet
Lando Fiorini, actor and singer
Franco Califano, lyricist, musician,
Ferruccio Amendola, voice actor
The anonymous writers of the Pasquinades posted on the talking statues of Rome use Italian, Romanesco or a mixture of both.
See also
Belli's The Sovrans of the Old World (1831)
References
Sources
External links
A description of the Roman dialect
Lucio Felici, Le vicende del dialetto romanesco, in "Capitolium", 1972 (XLVII), n° 4, pp. 26–33 (it is a summary of the history of Romanesco from the origin to nowadays).
Dialects of Italian
Culture in Rome
Languages of Vatican City
City colloquials
Carenum purpuratum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
purpuratum
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
Strangers Kiss is a 1983 American drama film directed by Matthew Chapman, and starring Peter Coyote, Victoria Tennant, Dan Shor and Blaine Novak. The screenplay by Chapman and Novak documents the behind-the-scenes of Stanley Kubrick's second directorial feature, Killer's Kiss (1955).
The film premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival on August 24, 1983 and the Toronto International Film Festival on September 17 before being theatrically distributed in select markets by Orion Classics on February 1, 1984.
Plot
To help their actor girlfriend regain their confidence a Hollywood bigshot bankrolls a small film being made by a first-time producer and director duo. Despite the hand-to-mouth way it is made the film turns out well, as does the off-set relationship between the actor and their unknown male lead.
Cast
Peter Coyote as Stanley, the director
Victoria Tennant as Carol Redding / Betty
Dan Shor as Farris, the producer
Blaine Novak as Stevie Blake
Richard Romanus as Frank Silvera
Linda Kerridge as Shirley
Carlos Palomino as Esteban
Vincent Palmieri as Scandelli
Jay Rasummy as Jimmy
Jon Sloan as Mickey
Joseph Nipote as Tony the Nose
Sources
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088185/
http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/19840101/REVIEWS/401010392/1023
http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?res=9807E5D9143AF930A2575BC0A962948260
1983 films
1983 drama films
Films about filmmaking
Films directed by Matthew Chapman
American drama films
Works about Stanley Kubrick
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Chapeaumelon is a French-Canadian band most notable for a cover of The Who's "My Generation" and their song "Nonchalant (Sofa)" used in the 2004 film Eurotrip and its soundtrack.
History
A few months after the band's genesis, Chapeaumelon won the Coup de Cœur prize at the Festival International de la chanson de Granby, Quebec. The following summer, the band held their second performance at the Les FrancoFolies de Montréal and earned the Coup de Cœur de l'Année.
The band was quickly taken under the wings of Jacques Dion and Michel Trudel's, who helped them to produce their first record at the prestigious Studios Piccolo (Daniel Bélanger, Céline Dion, Diane Dufresne, Jean-Pierre Ferland, Simple Plan, Smashing Pumpkins,...) by the end of October 2002. Celine Dion's drummer Dominique Messier produced a few songs as well. Backed by the Gillett entertainment company, they toured Ontario and Quebec.
Their songs climbed the charts quickly in both provinces but also in New Brunswick. The hit "L'Acheteur" became their first video which won the 2002 prize for best French video on "French Kiss", the Much Music television program. David Lahaye directed both this and the following video, "Sofa" or "Nonchalant". This record was extraordinarily well received and was filed under Le Devoir's 2003 top 10 best records.
Chapeaumelon was then honored to be dubbed one of Quebec's 10 people of the year by Les Incontournables TV show. They had the opportunity to open for well known acts such as Marc Déry, Sylvain Cossette, Blue Rodeo, The Tea Party (...) as well as being heard in popular series such as Las Vegas, Scooby-Doo and Ghost Whisperer.
Chapeaumelon wsd also invited to sing their hit "Victoire" at Celine Dion's 2003 record launch in Las Vegas.
In 2004, two of their songs are included in the American movie Eurotrip. "My Generation", the classic The Who's cover, being chosen as the opening credits theme.
After three years out of the spotlight, Chapeaumelon returned with a new rhythm section : Tarik Akbik on bass and Fredéric Tessier on drums, winning Richmond's Festirock contest in March 2008. They then opened for Jonas at Sherbrooke's Canada day celebrations. Their latest release "Bonjour Bonsoir" was launched at last year's Francofolies, opening for Les BB and after winning yet another music contest at the Beloeil festival, the band opened for Marie-Chantal Toupin and Offenbach in August.
Also, their new song "Mademoiselle Éphémère" was on MTV's The Hills (Season 3-Episode 19) who incidentally broke audience records of 4.7 million viewers in the US alone.
External links
Chapeaumelon at cdbaby
Notes
Musical groups established in 2001
Musical groups from Montreal
Canadian pop rock music groups
2001 establishments in Quebec
And God Said to Cain (, ) is a 1970 Spaghetti Western film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Klaus Kinski.
The story is about Gary Hamilton, who is granted a free pardon from a prison work camp and heads out after the men who framed him. The film is set at a stormy night in town when Hamilton takes their revenge.
Film historian Howard Hughes noted that the film is a loose remake of Salvatore Rosso's A Stranger in Paso Bravo (1968), featuring many of the same plot points and character names. The film was shot in late 1969 in Italy, and following its release there on February 5, 1970, it was released in West Germany and France. It did not receive a theatrical release in either the United Kingdom or the United States.
Plot
Gary Hamilton, a former officer of the army, is in prison sentenced to forced labor, for an attempted robbery. In reality it was a friend of his, Acombar, who committed the crime and left Hamilton's water bottle at the scene of the crime as evidence. Ten years later, Hamilton is pardoned on the basis of their military record, leading Gary to return to their hometown, determined to take revenge on Acombar and their wife. But, on the stagecoach that takes them to town, Gary meets Dick, son of Acombar, who is unaware of their situation in the past. Gary poses as Acombar's friend and instructs him, to tell their father of their upcoming arrival. Receiving the message, Acombar organizes the defense of the city and their mansion, to avoid at all costs that Gary manages to reach the village. Hamilton managed to avoid their ambush b using the intricate underground catacombs of the city which were an old cemetery. Hamilton also takes advantage of a tornado that greatly reduces visibility during the night, to massacre all of Acombar's men one by one. This includes a trio of their closest compatriots, who were killed in unique ways including being hung from a large bell and crushed by a falling bell.
Dick learns the truth about their father and mother, but decides to side with Acombar either way. When Hamilton reaches their mansion, they show up with Acombar's wife. They run off to warn their husband, but just at that moment Dick enters. Thinking its Hamilton, Acombar turns and accidentally shoots and kills Dick. Acombar accuses their wife of death and kills them Left alone, they look for Hamilton in the mansion and, finds them surrounded by mirrors which hides their position. During the gunfight, a fire breaks out in the mansion, while Hamilton manages to shoot and kill Acombar. Their revenge completed, they leave the city leaving all the gold accumulated by Acombar to the townsfolks to pay for the damages caused during their arrival.
Cast
Cast adapted from Filmportal.de.
Production
The story of And God Said to Cain is credited to producer Giovanni Addessi with a screenplay by Addessi and director Antonio Margheriti. Film historian Howard Hughes noted that the film's story was a remake of Salvatore Rosso's A Stranger in Paso Bravo (1968), with And God Said to Cain having the same basic structure, character names, while changing other minor plot elements.
The film was an Italian and West German co-production between Produzione D.C.7. from Rome and Peter Carsten Produktion from Munich. And God Said to Cain was shot in Italy in late 1969. The film was shot at Elios Studio for its Western stage set and at Villa Mussolini, an equestrian complex near Rome. The catacombs scenes were shot at Palazzolo in Manziana.
Releases
And God Said to Cain was released in Italy on 5 February 1970 and in West Germany as Satan der Rache on 5 February 1971. The film was within the top ten highest grossing Westerns in Italy in 1970, with film historian Howard Hughes describing it as not in "They Call Me Trinity, Compañeros, or Adiós, Sabata league, but still a hit." The film was released outside Italy, including France but did not receive theatrical distribution in the United Kingdom or the United States.
The film was released by Market Video in the United Kingdom on VHS in 1984 as Fury at Sundown. Hughes stated that many VHS and DVD releases were released with parts of the film missing, the wrong aspect ratio or sourced from low-quality prints. Arrow Video released the film alongside Massacre Time, My Name Is Pecos and Bandidos as part of their Blu-ray box set Vengeance Trails: Four Classic Westerns on July 27, 2021.
See also
Klaus Kinski filmography and discography
List of Italian films of 1970
References
Sources
External links
1970 films
1970 Western (genre) films
West German films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Antonio Margheriti
Films scored by Carlo Savina
Italian films about revenge
Films shot in Italy
1960s exploitation films
1960s Italian films
1970s Italian films
The Catholic Church in the Gambia and Sierra Leone, two Anglophone (ex-British) West African countries, is composed solely of a Latin hierarchy, comprising :
one ecclesiastical province, covering all and only Sierra Leone, comprising the Metropolitan of capital Freetown and three suffragan dioceses.
an exempt diocese (directly dependent on the Holy See) for all the Gambia, with see in its capital Banjul.
There are no Eastern Catholic or pre-diocesan jurisdictions or overlapping ordinariates.
Neither country has a national Episcopal Conference, but they form a joint one for the Gambia and Sierra Leone, which hosts it in Freetown.
There are no titular sees. All defunct jurisdictions are precursors of present sees.
There formally is an Apostolic Nunciature (embassy-level papal diplomatic representation) to Sierra Leone and an Apostolic Nunciature to The Gambia, but both are vested in the Apostolic Nunciature to Liberia (in its capital Monrovia).
Current Latin dioceses
In The Gambia
Exempt Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjul
In Sierra Leone : Ecclesiastical Province of Freetown
Metropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freetown
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kenema
Roman Catholic Diocese of Makeni
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bo.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Catholic Church in the Gambia
Catholic Church in Sierra Leone
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic - Episcopal conference
GCatholic.org - Gambia
GCatholic.org - Senegal.
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Sierra Leone
In mathematics, a Leavitt path algebra is a universal algebra constructed from a directed graph. The Leavitt path algebras generalize the Leavitt algebras and may also be considered as algebraic analogues of the graph C*-algebras. Leavitt path algebras were simultaneously introduced in 2005 by Gene Abrams and Gonzalo Aranda Pino as well as by Pere Ara, María Moreno, and Enrique Pardo, with neither of the two groups aware of the other's work. Leavitt path algebras have been investigated by dozens of mathematicians since their introduction, and in 2020 Leavitt path algebras were added to the Mathematics Subject Classification with code 16S88 under the general discipline of Associative Rings and Algebras.
Graph terminology
The theory of Leavitt path algebras uses terminology for graphs similar to that of C*-algebraists, which differs slightly from that used by graph theorists. The term graph is typically taken to mean a directed graph consisting of a countable set of vertices , a countable set of edges , and maps identifying the range and source of each edge, respectively. A vertex is called a sink when ; i.e., there are no edges in with source . A vertex is called an infinite emitter when is infinite; i.e., there are infinitely many edges in with source . A vertex is called a singular vertex if it is either a sink or an infinite emitter, and a vertex is called a regular vertex if it is not a singular vertex. Note that a vertex is regular if and only if the number of edges in with source is finite and nonzero. A graph is called row-finite if it has no infinite emitters; i.e., if every vertex is either a regular vertex or a sink.
A path is a finite sequence of edges with for all . An infinite path is a countably infinite sequence of edges with for all . A cycle is a path with , and an exit for a cycle is an edge such that and for some . A cycle is called a simple cycle if for all .
The following are two important graph conditions that arise in the study of Leavitt path algebras.
Condition (L): Every cycle in the graph has an exit.
Condition (K): There is no vertex in the graph that is on exactly one simple cycle. Equivalently, a graph satisfies Condition (K) if and only if each vertex in the graph is either on no cycles or on two or more simple cycles.
The Cuntz–Krieger relations and the universal property
Fix a field . A Cuntz–Krieger -family is a collection in a -algebra such that the following three relations (called the Cuntz–Krieger relations) are satisfied:
(CK0) for all ,
(CK1) for all ,
(CK2) whenever is a regular vertex, and
(CK3) for all .
The Leavitt path algebra corresponding to , denoted by , is defined to be the -algebra generated by a Cuntz–Krieger -family that is universal in the sense that whenever is a Cuntz–Krieger -family in a -algebra there exists a -algebra homomorphism with for all , for all , and for all .
We define for , and for a path we define and . Using the Cuntz–Krieger relations, one can show that
Thus a typical element of has the form for scalars and paths in . If is a field with an involution (e.g., when ), then one can define a *-operation on by that makes into a *-algebra.
Moreover, one can show that for any graph , the Leavitt path algebra is isomorphic to a dense *-subalgebra of the graph C*-algebra .
Examples
Leavitt path algebras has been computed for many graphs, and the following table shows some particular graphs and their Leavitt path algebras. We use the convention that a double arrow drawn from one vertex to another and labeled indicates that there are a countably infinite number of edges from the first vertex to the second.
Correspondence between graph and algebraic properties
As with graph C*-algebras, graph-theoretic properties of correspond to algebraic properties of . Interestingly, it is often the case that the graph properties of that are equivalent to an algebraic property of are the same graph properties of that are equivalent to corresponding C*-algebraic property of , and moreover, many of the properties for are independent of the field .
The following table provides a short list of some of the more well-known equivalences. The reader may wish to compare this table with the corresponding table for graph C*-algebras.
The grading
For a path we let denote the length of . For each integer we define . One can show that this defines a -grading on the Leavitt path algebra and that with being the component of homogeneous elements of degree . It is important to note that the grading depends on the choice of the generating Cuntz-Krieger -family . The grading on the Leavitt path algebra is the algebraic analogue of the gauge action on the graph C*-algebra , and it is a fundamental tool in analyzing the structure of .
The uniqueness theorems
There are two well-known uniqueness theorems for Leavitt path algebras: the graded uniqueness theorem and the Cuntz-Krieger uniqueness theorem. These are analogous, respectively, to the gauge-invariant uniqueness theorem and Cuntz-Krieger uniqueness theorem for graph C*-algebras. Formal statements of the uniqueness theorems are as follows:
The Graded Uniqueness Theorem: Fix a field . Let be a graph, and let be the associated Leavitt path algebra. If is a graded -algebra and is a graded algebra homomorphism with for all , then is injective.
The Cuntz-Krieger Uniqueness Theorem: Fix a field . Let be a graph satisfying Condition (L), and let be the associated Leavitt path algebra. If is a -algebra and is an algebra homomorphism with for all , then is injective.
Ideal structure
We use the term ideal to mean "two-sided ideal" in our Leavitt path algebras. The ideal structure of can be determined from . A subset of vertices is called hereditary if for all , implies . A hereditary subset is called saturated if whenever is a regular vertex with , then . The saturated hereditary subsets of are partially ordered by inclusion, and they form a lattice with meet and join defined to be the smallest saturated hereditary subset containing .
If is a saturated hereditary subset, is defined to be two-sided ideal in generated by . A two-sided ideal of is called a graded ideal if the has a -grading and for all . The graded ideals are partially ordered by inclusion and form a lattice with meet and joint defined to be the ideal generated by . For any saturated hereditary subset , the ideal is graded.
The following theorem describes how graded ideals of correspond to saturated hereditary subsets of .
Theorem: Fix a field , and let be a row-finite graph. Then the following hold:
The function is a lattice isomorphism from the lattice of saturated hereditary subsets of onto the lattice of graded ideals of with inverse given by .
For any saturated hereditary subset , the quotient is -isomorphic to , where is the subgraph of with vertex set and edge set .
For any saturated hereditary subset , the ideal is Morita equivalent to , where is the subgraph of with vertex set and edge set .
If satisfies Condition (K), then every ideal of is graded, and the ideals of are in one-to-one correspondence with the saturated hereditary subsets of .
References
Algebras
Ring theory
"Miss Marmelstein" is a song composed by Harold Rome, first introduced by Barbra Streisand in the Broadway musical I Can Get It for You Wholesale. The young secretary Miss Marmelstein is a supporting role in the show; in the song they lament everyone addressing them so formally. The song became the most memorable part of the musical, with Streisand routinely stopping the show.
The song was released as a promotional only single to radio in April 1962 with "Who Knows?" (performed by Marilyn Cooper) on the b-side. This marked Streisand's first appearance on a Columbia Records single.
Streisand's first name was misspelled on the vinyl as "Barbara".
Live performances
In 2000, Barbra performed the song during their Timeless concert tour, later included on the Timeless: Live in Concert album and DVD releases.
References
Barbra Streisand songs
1962 songs
Songs written by Harold Rome
Songs from musicals
1962 debut singles
Adrian Roy Turner (born 21 January 1977) is a British former male Olympic swimmer, known for winning silver and bronze medals representing England at the 2002 Commonwealth Games and reaching the semi-final of the Athens 2004 Games.
Swimming career
Turner represented Great Britain on numerous occasions during their swimming career principally the 2004 Athens Olympic Games where they swam both individual medley events and reached the semi-final stage of the 200m.
Previously Turner had competed at two Commonwealth Games; they represented England in the individual medley events, at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Four years later at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, they represented England in the 200m individual medley finishing in silver medal position in a time of 2:02.10 and the 400m individual medley finishing with bronze in 4:18.75.
Personal life
After retiring from international swimming Turner joined up with Olympic teammate Stephen Parry to found Total Swimming Ltd. The vision of the company is "Revolutionizing Swimming, Changing Lives."
Following the 2004 Athens Olympic Games Turner attended the Universita` per Stranieri di Perugia in Italy, where they studied a post-graduate course in the history of Italian theatre from 2004–2005.  They are fluent in Italian. Following this they attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London, completing a Masters in Text and Performance from 2005–2006. In 2010 they joined the cast of BBC drama The Cut in a recurring role as Coach Reynolds. In the same year they were cast in the lead role in Nice Shirt Films' international Vicks Sinex ad-campaign. From 2010 to 2012 they played Championship footballer Danny Deans in Big Balls Films/WeRInteractive's video-game 'I Am Playr' which was nominated for a BAFTA in 2012 and won the Cannes Golden Lion Award the same year.
 They are the brother of TV presenter Beverley Turner and previously
brother-in-law of Olympic rower James Cracknell.
See also
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming (men)
References
External links
1977 births
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
English male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Living people
English male television actors
English male video game actors
The women's high jump event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Final
References
High
1994
1994 in women's athletics
Dorothy Ann Thrupp (pseudonyms Iota and D.A.T.; 20 June 1779 – 14 December 1847) was a British psalmist, hymnwriter, and translator. Many of their psalms and hymns, which were published under various pseudonyms, were included in: Friendly Visitor (Rev. William Carus Wilson); Children's Friend (also edited by Wilson); Selection of Hymns and Poetry for the Use of Infant Schools and Nurseries (1838; edited by Mrs. Herbert Mayo); Hymns for the Young (1836; own publisher); and Thoughts for the Day (1836–37; own publication with partly previously-published material). Thrupp was the author of Thoughts for the Day that was published in 1837, and Songs by the Way. In addition to these, their hymns were published in magazines edited by Caroline Fry. Thrupp is particularly remembered as a writer of hymns for children. "Savior, Like a Shepherd Lead us" first appeared unsigned in their collection Hymns for the Young, in 1836, with music by William B. Bradbury. Them most popular hymn was for children and it was titled A Little Ship on the Sea. Thrupp died in 1847.
Early life
Dorothy (or "Dorothea") Ann Thrupp was born 20 June 1779, in Paddington Green, Middlesex, England. They were a daughter of John Augustus Thrupp (1785–1844) of Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, and their first wife, Mary Burgon (d. 1795). Them father was a coach builder and their business would, in time, become Thrupp & Maberly. They had two brothers, John and Charles. After their mother's death, their father married Mary Pillow. By this union, Dorothy had two half-brothers: Joseph and Frederick. Joseph Francis Thrupp, churchman, academic, and a writer on the Psalms, was their nephew.
Career
Thrupp spent their entire life in London, where they wrote in children's magazines. Modest in character, avoiding personal publicity, using pen names, Thrupp was not fully credited for their works.
They contributed under the signature "Iota" to some of the juvenile magazines edited by Caroline Fry, and wrote several hymns: one, "A little ship was on the sea", was a great favourite with children. They also published translations from Pascal and Fenelon. I hymns, a few of which have come into extensive use, were contributed to the Rev. W. C. Wilson's Friendly Visitor and their Children's Friend, under the pen name of "Iota"; to Mrs. Mayo's Selection of Hymns and Poetry for the use of Infant Schools and Nurseries, 1838 (third edition, 1846, which their signature is "D. A. T."; and also to the Hymns for the Young, which they themselves edited for the Religious Tract Society (R.T.S.) circa 1830, fourth edition, 1836. In 1836 and 1837, they also published Thoughts for the Day (second series), in which they embodied many hymns which previously appeared in the Friendly Visitor. Another one of their manuals was Songs by the Way.
They died at London, 14 December 1847.
Selected works
In addition to their hymns, which are annotated under their respective first lines, there are also several works in collections. Several additional hymns to those named above have also been attributed to Thrupp on insufficient authority. This has probably arisen out of the fact that all the hymns in the Hymns for the Young, including their own, were given anonymously.
"Come, Holy Spirit, come. 0 hear an infant's prayer" was written as a child's prayer. It appeared in Mayo's Selection of Hymns and Poetry, 1838, No. 14, and was signed "D. A. T."
"God loves the little child that prays" had the theme of God's love for children. It was given in Thrupp's Hymns for the Young, fourth edition, 1836; and again in Mayo's Selection for Children. It was also given in Thrupp's Hymns for the Young, fourth edition, 1836; and again in Mayo's Selection of Hymns and second edition, 1840, and signed "D. A. T." It is sometimes given as "God loves the child that humbly prays."
"Have you read the wondrous story!" was a hymn about the life and death of Jesus. This appeared anonymously in Thrupp's Hymns for the Young, R. T. S., 1830, Number 12, in six stanzas of 4 1. In Thrupp's later publications, this hymn is omitted, a fact which suggests that it was not their composition, but possibly that of a friend. The hymn is in the Leed's S. S. Union Hymn Book, 1833–78, and several others.
"Let us sing with one accord" was a hymn praising Jesus. It is usually associated with Thrupp's name, but on insufficient evidence. It is found in the fourth edition of their Hymns for the Young, 1836, and again in the third edition of Mayo's Selection of Hymns and Poetry for the Use of Infant and Juvenile Schools, 1846, and in both instances without signature. There is no evidence which justifies in ascribing the authorship with certainty to Thrupp. The hymn is in the Leed's S. S. Union Hymn Book, 1833–78, and several others.
"Poor and needy though I am" was a hymn regarding Divine Providence. It appeared in Thrupp's Hymns for the Young, fourth edition, 1836, Number 22; and again in Mayo's Selection of Hymns, second edition, 1840, and signed "D. A. T.".
"See, my child, the mighty ocean" was a hymn regarding love of God compared to the sea. It was given in the R.T.S.'s Hymns for the Young, fourth edition, 1836, Number 26, and in Mayo's Selection of Hymns, first edition, 1838, and signed "D. A. T." In Kennedy, 1863, it begins "Have you seen the mighty ocean."
"Thou Guardian of my earliest days" was a hymn about Jesus, the children's friend. It was traced to Thrupp's Hymns for the Young, fourth edition, 1836. It is sometimes given as "Thou Guardian of our earliest days."
"What a strange and wondrous story" was a hymn about the life and death of Jesus. It was found without signature in their Hymns for the Young, fourth edition, 1836, and again in Mayo's Selections, 1838, Number 17.1, in four stanzas of 4 1. There is no authority for ascribing it to Thrupp. In the Ch. S, S. Hymn Book, (no date), eight lines have been added as a concluding stanza by an unknown author.
"What led the Son of God!" was a hymn relating to the lore of God in Christ. This appeared anonymously in their Hymns for the Young, 1830, and again in the Leeds S. S. Union Hymn Book, 1833. In more modern collections, it was attributed to Thrupp on the ground that it was found in the Hymns for the Young, which they edited.
"Who are they in heaven who stand!" was a hymn about All Saints. It was published in Mayo's Selections, third edition, 1846, Number 64, in five stanzas of 4 1., and signed "A. D. T." It is in the Methodist Sunday School Hymnbook, 1879, and others.
Notes
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1779 births
1847 deaths
19th-century English writers
19th-century British women writers
People from Paddington
English hymnwriters
British women hymnwriters
Pseudonymous women writers
Church of England hymnwriters
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Sand Canyon is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It is located on Cache Creek east of Tehachapi, at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
The 9th Southeast Asia Basketball Association Championship was the qualifying tournament for the 2011 FIBA Asia Championship; it also served as a regional championship involving Southeast Asian basketball teams. It was held on June 23 to June 26, 2011 at Jakarta, Indonesia. The top three finishers qualified to the 2011 FIBA Asia Championship.
Preliminary round
Final
Final standings
Awards
References
2011
International basketball competitions hosted by Indonesia
2010–11 in Asian basketball
2010–11 in Philippine basketball
2010–11 in Malaysian basketball
2010–11 in Indonesian basketball
2010–11 in Singaporean basketball
Trillium Power Wind 1 (TPW1) was a proposed 450 to 500 megawatt (MW) far-offshore wind farm in the Canadian waters of northeastern Lake Ontario at least from the nearest mainland. This renewable energy project was being developed by Trillium Power Wind Corporation, a privately, Canadian-owned company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario. The project was cancelled by the Ontario government on February 11, 2011. Had it not been cancelled TPW1 would have been among the first offshore wind farms built in the Great Lakes. Trillium's subsequent lawsuit was struck down almost in its entirety by the Ontario Court of Appeal which ruled that it could proceed with a claim for misfeasance in public office.
Project description
Following the cancellation of the project, on May 19, 2011, Trillium Power Wind Corporation gave notice to the McGuinty Government that if its action against Trillium Power was not corrected it would initiate an action suing the Government of Ontario for CDN$2.25 billion. No correction was made as requested. Therefore, on September 28, 2011, Trillium Power Wind Corporation filed its claim in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice and was assigned the court file CV-11-436012. While the legal claim was initiated against the government of Dalton McGuinty, Trillium Power has continuously stated in the media that it does not hold Premier Wynne responsible for creating the cause of the litigation. Instead, Trillium Power has stated that litigation was the last option and was only taken when the McGuinty government would not even meet or discuss options to correct their targeted action to harm Trillium Power.
The TPW1 far-offshore wind site is acknowledged as the premier site in North America and especially The Great Lakes. The TPW1 site was to be located in northeastern Lake Ontario, approximately southwest of Kingston, Ontario on the shoals of Main Duck Island. The project was to consist of approximately 90 to 100 either 5.0 MW or 6.0 far-offshore turbines and two offshore substations linked to the Lennox Transmission Station by way of an underwater cable. The total project cost was estimated at $1.5 billion of private capital with no cost to taxpayers for the proposed construction.
The wind farm was to produce between 450 and 500 megawatts (MW) of electricity with a net capacity factor of 43%, which is equivalent to the amount of power consumed by a minimum of 130,000 typical Ontario households. TPW1 would have offset at least 1.5 million tonnes of emissions from coal-fired generation and 931,745 tonnes of emissions from natural gas generation every year. All power generated by the project was to be sold to the Ontario Power Authority under a 20-year minimum Power Purchase Agreement. Under Ontario's Green Energy and Green Economy Act adopted in May 2009, offshore wind facilities of any size will receive a 19¢ per kilowatt hour (kWh) Feed-in tariff.
Key attributes
Mean wind speed of 9.0 m/s at 100 m hub height based on data collected by both LIDAR and Meteorological Mast wind-measuring devices, along with 36 years of data collected on Main Duck Island;
Water depth ranging from 2 to 40 m (6 to 130 ft);
Power density of 938 W/m3;
Close proximity to major grid interconnection points (28 km);
Average wave height of less than 1 m (3.2 feet) 94% of the time from April to November;
Low/zero visibility from mainland shore or nearby major islands.
Approvals process and current status
Trillium Power followed Ontario's Renewable Energy Approval process. As of February 11, 2011, when the project was cancelled, Trillium Power had completed 105 studies, reports and regulatory actions including, but not limited to: avian, aquatic, geophysical, ice, wave, navigation, noise, etc. The first round of public consultations were held in Napanee, Ontario, Picton, Ontario and Cape Vincent, New York in early July 2010.
The TPW1 site was to be located on provincial Crown Land secured through Ontario's Windpower Site Release and Development Program via an embedded Land Use Permit (LUP).
All offshore wind power projects were cancelled/suspended by the Ontario government, in February 2011 prior to Trillium Power's imminent closing of a $26 million tranche of equity financing on February 11, 2011 at 3:00 pm.
The claim by Trillium Power vs. Ontario was initially struck down by a motions judge and was then appealed to Ontario's highest court, the Ontario Court of Appeal. The Appeal was heard on March 22, 2013. On November 12, 2013, the three judges of the Ontario Court of Appeal rendered their decision whereby they found Trillium Power's case could proceed on the claim of misfeasance in public office. On February 28, 2014, the Ontario Government filed a Statement of Defense.
Additional projects
TPW1 was to be the first of Trillium Power's four unique offshore wind developments in the Great Lakes. Trillium Power's additional sites include: Trillium Power Wind 2, The Great Lakes Array and The Superior Array.
See also
Wind power in Canada
List of Offshore Wind Farms
Feed-in tariff
Green Energy Act 2009
References
External links
Corporate website
The Great Lakes May Soon be Home to Offshore Wind
America's Offshore Wind Race is On: Can the US Compete with Canada?
Who Will Build the First Offshore Wind Farm in North America?
Offshore wind farms
Proposed wind farms in Canada
Priscilla Wright (born August 14, 1940 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian singer, most famous for the song "The Man in the Raincoat", which they first released in 1955, and re-recorded in 1988.
Biography
Wright's father was choir conductor and composer Don Wright, and their maternal grandfather was Canadian Prime Minister Arthur Meighen.
Wright had a hit in the United States at the age of 14 with the song "The Man in the Raincoat" in 1955. It sold over half a million copies in the U.S. and hit No. 16 on Billboards chart of "Most Played by Jockeys". Following this they spent 14 years singing with the Ontario group Moxie Whitney, and sang with The National Press and Allied Jazz.
In 1991, they signed to Attic Records after a hiatus and released the album When You Love Somebody. In 1993 they were nominated for a Juno Award for Most Promising Artist.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
1940 births
Living people
Canadian women country singers
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Musicians from London, Ontario
20th-century Canadian women singers
NGC 7046 is a barred spiral galaxy located 193 million light-years away in the constellation of Equuleus. With a high radial velocity of 4,130 km/s, the galaxy is drifting away from the Milky Way. NGC 7046 has an apparent size of 0.990 arcmin, and at its current distance, it has an estimate diameter of 192,639 light years. NGC 7046 has a morphological type of "SBc", which indicates that it is a barred spiral galaxy with a definite bulge.
As of 2021, there have been no observed supernovas in the galaxy, but has been discovered to be in a small galaxy group.
See also
NGC 7025
References
External links
Barred spiral galaxies
LINER galaxies
Equuleus
7046
11708
66407
Astronomical objects discovered in 1790
Pamela Irby (born September 8, 1964) is an American former rugby union player. They represented the at the 1994 and 1998 Rugby World Cup's.
Irby also played for the Eagles sevens team and competed at the 2002 Hong Kong Women's Sevens.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
1964 births
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
Sir William Lynch (c. 1730 – 25 August 1785) was a British diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1762 and 1780.
Lynch was the eldest son of John Lynch, DD Dean of Canterbury, and their wife Mary Wake, daughter of William Wake, Archbishop of Canterbury.
Lynch was elected Member of Parliament for Weobley at a by-election in 1762, and held the seat until 1768. They were then elected MP for Canterbury and held the seat until 1774. They were then returned again as MP for Weobley until they resigned in March 1780.
In September 1768 Lynch was appointed envoy extraordinary to the court of Turin and served from 1769 to 1776. They were appointed Knight of the Order of the Bath, and a privy counsellor.
In 1780, they inherited the Manor of Stalisfield, until their death.
Lynch lived at The Groves at Staple, Kent, where they made great improvements, adding two wings to the house and adding a new front of stucco. They built up a collection of pictures. They created parkland in the grounds and made extensive plantations.
Lynch died at Barèges in the south of France, where they went to drink the waters, and was interred at Staple in Kent.
Lynch married Mary Coke, daughter of Edward Coke of Canterbury, but had no issue.
References
1730s births
1785 deaths
British diplomats
Year of birth uncertain
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1768–1774
People from Stalisfield Green
Hans Lischka (born July 26, 1943) is an Austrian computational theoretical chemist specialized on development and application of multireference methods for the study of molecular excited states.  They are the main developer of the software package Columbus for ab initio multireference calculations and co-developer of the Newton-X program.
Biography
Hans Lischka was born in Vienna, in 1943, and studied Chemistry at the University of Vienna, where they earned a Ph.D. in 1969, being supervised by Gerhard Derflinger. They were a postdoc with Werner Kutzelnigg in Karlsruhe in 1972-1973 and got their habilitation in theoretical chemistry in 1976.
In 1980, they were a visiting professor with Isaiah Shavitt at the Ohio State University, where they started the development of a set of codes for multireference calculations in collaboration with Ron Shepard, Frank Brown, and Russel Pitzer. This set of programs later became the Columbus system. Hans Lischka became a professor of Theoretical Chemistry at the University of Vienna also in 1980.
Between 2011 and 2015, Hans Lischka was a research professor at Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas. Since November 2015, they are a professor at the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Tianjin University, Tianjin, China.
Honors and awards
1972 Alexander–von-Humboldt fellowship
1980 Sandoz Prize for Chemistry
1980 Max Kade Fellowship
2008 Festschrift in Chemical Physics.
2008 International Symposium on “Electron Correlation and Molecular Dynamics for Excited States and Photochemistry”, International Symposium in honor of Hans Lischka's 65th birthday, July 4, 2008
Scientific contributions, interests and production
Hans Lischka has published over 300 scientific papers, which have been cited about 20,000 times, with h-index 69 according to Google Scholar.
Hans Lischka has pioneered on the development and implementation of highly-parallelized MRCI, with analytical energy gradients and analytical nonadiabatic couplings.
These methods were later fundamental for the implementation of the Newton-X program. In 2010, Lischka's group published the first ab initio mapping of the deactivation mechanism of UV-excited canonical nucleobases.
Their current research interests include method developments in multireference theory and computational photodynamics. Their work is also concerned with applications of computational chemistry to graphene defects, polyradicloid systems, organic photovoltaics, interacting nucleobases, and non-covalent interactions.
Academic management activities
1992 – 1996 Director of the Institute for Theoretical Chemistry and Radiation Chemistry of University of Vienna
1993 – 1995 Head of the section Vienna, Lower Austria and Burgenland of the Austrian Chemical Society
2000 – 2004 Vice director of the Institute for Theoretical Chemistry and Structural Biology
References
External links
University of Vienna
Tianjin University
1943 births
Living people
Austrian chemists
The eighth series of Geordie Shore, a British television programme based in Newcastle upon Tyne was confirmed in October 2013 after cast member Holly Hagan announced it on Twitter and is expected to air 22 July 2014. Filming began for this series on 25 March 2014. This series will be the first not to feature former cast member Sophie Kasaei after they were axed during the seventh series following a racial slur. All other cast members from the previous series return with the addition of new cast member Aaron Chalmers who had briefly appeared during series two of the show as a one-night stand of Holly's. In May 2014, Gaz announced that the series would begin in July. An exclusive first trailer for the series was released during an episode of Ex On The Beach on 3 June 2014. It was revealed on 10 June 2014 that another new cast member had joined, 21-year-old Kyle Christie.
Cast
Aaron Chalmers
Charlotte-Letitia Crosby
Gary Beadle
Holly Hagan
James Tindale
Kyle Christie
Marnie Simpson
Scott Timlin
Vicky Pattison
Duration of cast
= Cast member is featured in this episode.
= Cast member arrives in the house.
= Cast member voluntarily leaves the house.
= Cast member leaves and returns to the house in the same episode.
= Cast member returns to the house.
= Cast member does not feature in this episode.
= Cast member is not officially a cast member in this episode.
Episodes
Ratings
References
2014 British television seasons
Series 08
Kamukuzi Division is one of the six divisions that make up Mbarara Municipality. The six divisions that make up Mbarara are, Nyamitanga Division, Kamukuzi Division Kakoba Division, Biharwe Division, Kakiika Division and Nyakayojo Division.
Location
Kamukuzi Division is located in Mbarara Municipality, it covers the northern part of Central Business District.
It is located north of the Central Business District, bordering with Kakoba Division in the East, Nyamitanga Division in the South, Kakiika Division in the North and the West and Nyakayojo Division in the South west.
Overview
Kamukuzi is the 2nd smallest division in size in Mbarara Municipality with 1,610 hectares, 2nd to Kakoba which has 1,308 hectares.
Kamukuzi Division covers part of the Central Business District with streets of Makhan Singh street, Bwana Victor street, Stanley road and Ntare road.
The division also contains the following neighbourhoods Kamukuzi hill, Ruharo hill, Booma hill and Nkokonjeru hill, all which are upscale residential areas with offices of major Organizations and corporate bodies, Biafra, Andrews, Ntare, Kashanyarazi, Rwebikoona, Kiyanja and Taso Village.
The division holds the Mbarara District headquarters, Mbarara Municipal Council headquarters and Ankole Kingdom headquarters though it is not yet restored as of 2015.
Population
Kamukuzi Division is the 3rd most populous division in Mbarara Municipality after Kakoba and Nyakayojo as of 2014 census report.
The 2002 population census report estimated the population of Kamukuzi to be 23,470, in 2011 the population was estimated to be 34,879, In the 2014 population census, Kamukuzi was found containing 34,014 people.
Points of interest
Nkokonjeru Royal Tombs
Mugaba, the Omugabe Palace
A branch of Makerere University Business School
A branch of Uganda Management Institute
Ruharo Cathedral, the see of the Anglican dioceses of Ankole and Kigezi
Ntare School
Mbarara High School
Mbarara University
See also
Mbarara
Kakoba Division
References
Mbarara
Samraong municipality () is a municipality (previously called 'district') in Oddar Meanchey province in northern Cambodia. It is the urban part of the province. The provincial capital Samraong lies in the district. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 22,361.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Samraong municipality by commune.
References
Districts of Oddar Meanchey province
The Ufa Arena is an 8,250-seat multi-purpose arena in Ufa, Russia that opened in 2007. It has replaced Ice Palace Salavat Yulaev as the home of Kontinental Hockey League ice hockey team, Salavat Yulaev Ufa.
The first events in the arena were the first two games of the 2007 Super Series, a hockey series between Canada and Russia juniors. There were issues during the game in which fog was building up over the ice surface during the game, as the ice had been chilled but the air conditioning was not yet functional because the building was incomplete at the time.
The arena was the primary venue for the 2013 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, which was played from the last week of December, 2012 until the first week of January, 2013.
External links
Arena information
Arena picture
Sports_venues_in_Bashkortostan
Sports venues completed in 2007
Indoor ice hockey venues in Russia
Indoor arenas in Russia
Music venues in Russia
Salavat Yulaev Ufa
Arena
Kontinental Hockey League venues
This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 476 of the United States Reports:
External links
Volume 476
1986 in United States case law
Diego López de Vergara y Aguilar (died 1662) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop-Elect of Panamá (1662).
Biography
On 8 August 1662, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Bishop of Panamá. It is uncertain if they ever took possession of the see; they died in 1662 before they were consecrated.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VII
1662 deaths
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Panama
Roman Catholic bishops of Panamá
Jungen may refer to:
André Jungen (born 1968), Swiss cross-country skier
Brian Jungen (born 1970), artist of Dane-zaa and Swiss ancestry working in British Columbia
Killien Jungen (born 1995), Dutch-French footballer
See also
Junge
Those marked in bold have later been capped at full International level.
Group A
Denmark
Head coach: Hans Brun Larsen
England
Head coach: Dick Bate
Finland
Head coach: Timo Liekoski
Netherlands
Head coach: Ruud Kaiser
Group B
France
Head coach: Luc Rabat
Portugal
Head coach: Francisco Alberto Barceló Silveira Ramos
Switzerland
Head coach: Markus Frei
Ukraine
Head coach: Pavlo Yakovenko
Group C
Czech Republic
Head coach: Roman Pucelik
Moldova
Head coach: Petru Efros
Spain
Head coach: Juan Santisteban
FR Yugoslavia
Head coach: Momčilo Vujačić
Group D
Georgia
Head coach: Koba Zhorzhikashvili
Germany
Head coach: Jörg Daniel
Hungary
Head coach: András Sarlos
Poland
Head coach: Andrzej Zamilski
Footnotes
References
RSSSF.com
UEFA European Under-17 Championship squads
Squads
Patrick Charles Weigel (born July 8, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. They have played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee Brewers.
Amateur career
Weigel attended St. Bonaventure High School in Ventura, California. They played college baseball at Pacific University for one year before transferring to Oxnard College. They were drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 22nd round of the 2014 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign and transferred to the University of Houston.
Professional career
Atlanta Braves
After one year at Houston, the Atlanta Braves selected Weigel in the seventh round of the 2015 MLB draft. Weigel signed and made their professional debut with the Danville Braves. In 14 starts for Danville, they went 0–3 with a 4.53 ERA. They started 2016 with the Rome Braves and was promoted to the Mississippi Braves in August. They ended the 2016 season with an 11–6 record and a 2.47 ERA. In 25 games (24 starts) between the two clubs, they pitched to an 11–6 record with a 2.47 ERA. Weigel started the 2017 season with Mississippi and was promoted to the Gwinnett Braves in May. The next month, they underwent Tommy John surgery and missed the remainder of the season.
Weigel made four rehab starts in 2018. The Braves added them to their 40-man roster after the 2018 season. Weigel split the 2019 season between Mississippi and the Gwinnett Stripers, going a combined 6–2 with a 2.73 ERA and 55 strikeouts over 63.1 innings. The Braves promoted Weigel to the major leagues on three separate occasions in 2019, but they did not appear in a game for them that season. Weigel was again promoted to the major leagues on September 4, 2020, and made their major league debut against the Washington Nationals.
Milwaukee Brewers
On April 5, 2021, the Braves traded Weigel and Chad Sobotka to the Milwaukee Brewers for Orlando Arcia. On April 28, 2021, Weigel notched their first MLB strikeout, punching out Miami Marlins outfielder Magneuris Sierra. In the game, Weigel threw two scoreless innings with 4 strikeouts. On July 30, Weigel was designated for assignment by the Brewers. On August 2, Weigel was outrighted to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds. They became a free agent following the season.
Seattle Mariners
Before the 2022 season began, Weigel signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners. They spent time with the team in spring training, and was reassigned to minor league camp in March.
References
External links
Houston Cougars bio
1994 births
Living people
People from Thousand Oaks, California
Baseball players from California
Major League Baseball pitchers
Atlanta Braves players
Milwaukee Brewers players
Pacific Tigers baseball players
Oxnard Condors baseball players
Houston Cougars baseball players
Gulf Coast Braves players
Danville Braves players
Rome Braves players
Mississippi Braves players
Gwinnett Braves players
Gwinnett Stripers players
Nashville Sounds players
Cangrejeros de Santurce (baseball) players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Robert Blakeney (1679 – 1 May 1733) was an Irish Member of Parliament.
They were the son of John Blakeney of Gallogh. William Blakeney, 1st Baron Blakeney was a second cousin.
They were appointed High Sheriff of County Galway for 1709 and 1729. They represented Athenry in the Irish House of Commons from 1721 to their death.
They married Sarah, the daughter of Gilbert Ormsby, M.P. and had 3 sons and 4 daughters. Their son John Blakeney and grandsons Robert, John, Theophilus and William Blakeney were also MPs for Athenry.
References
leighrayment.com
http://thepeerage.com/p27663.htm#i276626
1679 births
1733 deaths
People from Athenry
Irish MPs 1727–1760
17th-century Irish people
Politicians from County Galway
High Sheriffs of County Galway
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
A penumbral lunar eclipse took place at the Moon's ascending node on 11 February 2017, the first of two lunar eclipses in 2017. It was not quite a total penumbral lunar eclipse. It occurred the same day as comet 45P/Honda–Mrkos–Pajdušáková made a close approach to Earth (0.08318 AU). It also occurred on the Lantern Festival, the first since 9 February 2009. Occurring only 4.4 days after perigee (Perigee on 6 February 2017), the moon's apparent diameter was larger.
Visibility
It was visible from the Americas, Europe, Africa, and most of Asia.
Gallery
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2017
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 11 February.
An annular solar eclipse on 26 February.
A partial lunar eclipse on 7 August.
A total solar eclipse on 21 August.
Lunar year series
Saros series
It is part of Saros cycle 114.
Lunar Saros series 114, repeating every 18 years and 11 days, has a total of 71 lunar eclipse events including 13 total lunar eclipses.
First Penumbral Lunar Eclipse: 0971 May 13
First Partial Lunar Eclipse: 1115 Aug 07
First Total Lunar Eclipse: 1458 Feb 28
First Central Lunar Eclipse: 1530 Apr 12
Greatest Eclipse of Lunar Saros 114: 1584 May 24
Last Central Lunar Eclipse: 1638 Jun 26
Last Total Lunar Eclipse: 1674 Jul 17
Last Partial Lunar Eclipse: 1890 Nov 26
Last Penumbral Lunar Eclipse: 2233 Jun 22
Half-Saros cycle
A lunar eclipse will be preceded and followed by solar eclipses by 9 years and 5.5 days (a half saros). This lunar eclipse is related to two annular solar eclipses of Solar Saros 121.
Tritos series
Preceded: Lunar eclipse of March 14, 2006
Followed: Lunar eclipse of January 12, 2028
Tzolkinex
Preceded: Lunar eclipse of December 31, 2009
Followed: Lunar eclipse of March 25, 2024
See also
List of lunar eclipses and List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
References
External links
11 Feb 2017 - Penumbral Lunar Eclipse - Penumbral Lunar Eclipse
Pakistan to witness lunar eclipse on February 11
2017-02
2017 in science
February 2017 events
Kalisz Region () is a historical and ethnographical area of Poland, located in central Poland mainly in the Greater Poland Lakes Area and South Greater Poland Plain. It forms the eastern part of Greater Poland proper.
Kalisz Region encompasses the area of the former Kalisz Voivodeship, south of Lake Gopło as well as Wieluń Land. In the north it borders Kuyavia, in the south it borders Lower Silesia, in the west it borders Poznań Region and in the east it borders with Sieradz Land and Lęczyca Land.
The largest city of the region is Kalisz, other large towns include: Konin, Ostrów Wielkopolski, Jarocin, Wieluń, Koło, Krotoszyn, Września, Kępno, Środa Wielkopolska, Pleszew, Ostrzeszów and Zagórów.
Kalisz Region is inhabited by an ethnographical group called Kaliszanie.
References
Kalisz
Geography of Greater Poland Voivodeship
The common jery (Neomixis tenella) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
It was first described in 1866 by Gustav Hartlaub.
References
common jery
common jery
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Salto Abajo is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,929.
Geography
Salto Abajo is situated at an elevation of , just north of Salto Arriba and pueblo in Utuado, Puerto Rico. It has an area of of which is water.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Salto Abajo barrio was 836.
Features
The rope bridge in Salto Abajo was destroyed by Hurricane Maria in 2017. Engineering students from the University of New Mexico and University of Texas at El Paso began its reconstruction but never completed the work.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Kenar Anjam (, also Romanized as Kenār Anjām) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The coat of arms of Natal was the official heraldic symbol of Natal as a British colony from 1907 to 1910, and as a province of South Africa from 1910 to 1994. It is now obsolete.
History
As a British colony, Natal's first official symbol was a Public Seal, authorised by Queen Victoria in 1846, and also used as a flag badge from 1870.
The seal was of a standard pattern which first came into use on the Great Seal of Newfoundland in 1839 and was described as follows: "Within a Chippendale-type frame, a on plain, two Wildebeest in full course at random (to sinister), with the words COLONY OF NATAL beneath the frame. The frame itself is ensigned with the Royal Arms and around the circumference appears the legend VICTORIA DEI GRATIA BRITANNIAR. REG. F.D." It depicted the British royal coat of arms in the upper half; in the lower half was an ornamental frame enclosing a scene of two wildebeest (gnu) galloping across a plain.
The wildebeest became the popular symbol of Natal, and when the government decided in 1905 to obtain an official coat of arms, the wildebeest was an obvious choice for the design. The arms, designed by G. Ambrose Lee, the York Herald at the College of Arms, were granted by King Edward VII by Royal Warrant on 16 May 1907.
After Natal became a province of the Union of South Africa in 1910, the provincial administration took over the arms. They were used as provincial arms until Natal was reconstituted as KwaZulu-Natal in 1994.
Blazon
In their original form, as used by the colonial government, the Arms of 1907 consisted only of a shield, blazoned as follows:
Azure, in front of mountains and on a plain two black wildebeesten in full course at random all proper.
The provincial administration embellished the arms by placing an imperial crown (so-called 'Tudor crown') above the shield, and a riband inscribed 'Natal' below it. New artwork, introduced in 1930, altered details of the crown, by replacing the fleurs de lis with crosses and omitting the pearls from the transverse arch. This version appeared on the province's Official Gazette and other publications.
The arms were recorded in this form at the College of Arms in July 1955, and registered at the Bureau of Heraldry in January 1969.
See also
Coat of arms of the Cape Colony
Coat of arms of the Orange Free State
Coat of arms of the Orange River Colony
Coat of arms of South Africa
Coat of arms of the Transvaal
South African heraldry
References
Brownell, F.G. (1993). National and Provincial Symbols.
Leverton, B.J. (1962). 'The Origin of the Natal Coat of Arms' in Lantern (September 1962).
Pama, C. (1965). Lions and Virgins.
External links
South African Heraldry Website
Natal
Natal
Natal
Colony of Natal
Ratla is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County, on the island of Saaremaa Estonia.
Before the administrative reform in 2017, the village was in Leisi Parish.
References
Villages in Saare County
Mauricio González-Gordon y Díez, Marquis of Bonanza (18 October 1923 – 27 September 2013) was a Spanish sherry maker and a conservationist. Most of their life they worked for the family company, González Byass, where they increased its exports to a worldwide level. Their family estate was located in the wetland region called Doñana in southern Spain and was threatened by drainage efforts in the early 1950s. González-Gordon with the help of researchers and international support managed to preserve the site, while at the same time donating some of their family land to the conservation effort. Afterward, González-Gordon became one of the founders of the Spanish Ornithological Society in 1954. Their conservation efforts for Doñana culminated in the creation of the Doñana National Park in 1969. The area was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
Early years
González-Gordon was born in Hampton Hill, London, United Kingdom, as a son to a Spanish family with Scottish descent rooted in the Clan Gordon. Their parents were Manuel María González-Gordon and Emilia Díez Gutiérrez. Mauricio, whose father was known as the 'Pope of Sherry', was the second of a total of four children. One of their ancestors, John David Gordon of Wardhouse, had moved to Jerez de la Frontera in the 18th century and started trading in sherry. At the time of their birth, González-Gordon's father Manuel was the chairperson of González Byass and was actively promoting the brand in the United Kingdom. During their youth González-Gordon was raised as a bilingual, being fluent in both Spanish and English. González-Gordon moved to Jerez de la Frontera at age three to go to school in Spain. They were homeschooled by private tutors and attended La Salle Buen Pastor college. They later attended the Instituto Padre Luis Coloma. Their primary studies were followed up by economic studies at the Jerez College of Commerce, where they licensed as a teacher of trade. They passed the final period of the Spanish Civil War in 1939 working in an airplane factory, helping construct Polikarpov planes for the aerial forces of General Francisco Franco. They attended the University of Seville and graduated in Chemical Sciences in 1946.
González Byass
González-Gordon worked most of their life for the family company González Byass, which specializes in making sherry. They were the fifth generation of the family to chair the company. While working for the firm they were involved in the making, tasting and commercialisation of sherry and in later years they also helped the company expand into producing brandy and several sorts of wine. Immediately after they finished their studies in 1946 they joined the business and started at the bottom with the picking and crushing of grapes. During this time they also learned about the solera system, which is used to age different type of liquids. Their interest in oenology had only developed after visiting California the year they graduated. They visited California after previously being sent to New York by boat with twelve containers of wine. In 1955 they founded the first research center for viticulture and winemaking in Spain by establishing one at González Byass. For twenty years they were occupied as head of wine selection at the company. González-Gordon also served on the board of González Byass beginning in 1961, and was president of the company between 1993 and 1999. During this period González-Gordon managed to expand the business by exporting all over the world, including to the United States, United Kingdom, China and East Asia. After their time as president they continued to serve as an advisor to their son, Mauricio Junior, who took over their position. Apart from their work at González Byass González-Gordon also diverted some of their time towards the regulatory council of the sherry making industry, serving for 24 years.
Conservationism
González-Gordon was involved with conservationism from an early age; they were also an avid bird watcher and would become an ornithologist. Their family estate was located in the Coto Doñana, a wetland at the mouth of the river Guadalquivir, near Jerez de la Frontera, in southern Spain. Here González-Gordon became interested in the local ecosystem and invited European ornithologists to visit the area. When two Spanish ornithologists, Professor Francisco Bernis and José Antonio Valverde visited, González-Gordon served as their guide. The González-Gordon family saw that the wetlands were threatened by the planting of eucalyptus trees and large-scale drainage plans proposed by the government. Mauricio, together with their father, asked Bernis to try and influence Spanish dictator Francisco Franco into abandoning these proposals. The trio wrote a memorandum which was presented to Franco themselves by Mauricio's father Manuel. By November 1953, Bernis had finished a report on the value of the Doñana, which showed that the area had exceptional ecological value. The group sought international support for their goals and found it. The efforts of González-Gordon to dissuade Franco exposed them to some danger, but the Franco government conceded and the drainage plans were aborted.
By 1963 an international organisation founded with the goal of protecting Doñana had purchased in the area. After winning their fight against the construction plans González-Gordon, Bernis and Valverde wished to create a Spanish foundation for ornithology. The idea to start the organisation had already come up in their first meeting. In May 1954 they founded the Spanish Ornithological Society (SEO) in Madrid, which currently is the Spanish affiliate of BirdLife International. The trio had written the founding statutes among themselves. The organisation was supported by visits to Doñana of famous ornithologists as Edward Max Nicholson and Julian Huxley, with González-Gordon guiding them around. They would also serve as chair of the board of SEO between 1966 and 1968. The Doñana area was turned into Doñana National Park in 1969. The González-Gordon family ceded much of its land between Bonanza and Matalascañas for the creation of the national park. In 1994 the area was turned into an UNESCO World Heritage Site and currently measures . The park has a wide range of ecosystems and is especially important for migratory birds. González-Gordon also wrote a translation of Roger Tory Peterson's A Field Guide to the Birds of Britain and Europe in 1957.
Personal life
González-Gordon has been described as being proud of their Scottish heritage, which centred on the town of Huntly and the Clan Gordon. Their personal clothing style reflected this; they were noted for their tweed jackets and British clothes in general. They had been married to Milagro López de Carrizosa y Eizaguirre for 62 years before they died in July 2013. The couple had two children, Bibiana and Mauricio, with Mauricio being the current president of the family company. During the three final years of their life González-Gordon was in poor health and could hardly leave their home. They died on 27 September 2013 in their hometown of Jerez de la Frontera at the age of 89. Their family claims that the last thing they drank was a Tío Pepe, the most famous brand of the family business. Their death occurred at the Asisa clinic where they had spent their last couple of weeks. The memorial service was held at the San Juan Bautista de La Salle church on 28 September.
Apart from their work at González Byass and their conservation efforts at Doñana they were also president of the local Red Cross organisation in Jerez de la Frontera, serving as its president for thirteen years, between 1974 and 1988.
Honours and decorations
Mauricio González-Gordon y Díez was Marquis of Bonanza, obtaining the title after the death of their father in 1980. During the course of their life they received several honours and decorations:
Cross of Naval Merit with White Decoration awarded by the King of Spain for their dedication to sailing.
Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog awarded by the Queen of Denmark (1985).
Member of the Gran Orden de Caballeros del Vino awarded by the British embassy in Spain.
Golden medal awarded by the Red Cross (1986).
Golden medal of Oenologic Merit and Grand Cross of Agricultural Merit by Miguel Arias Cañete, Spanish Minister for Agriculture, Food and Environment (2011).
In 2004 they received the Bernis Award for Ornithology from the Spanish Ornithological Society/BirdLife for their pioneering work and lifetime contribution to conservation, especially of Doñana. They were awarded the Premio Andalucía de Medio Ambiente, the Andalusian Prize of Environment, by the government of Andalusia in 2005. In 2009 they were made hijo predilecto, favourite son, of the municipality of Jerez de la Frontera.
References
1923 births
2013 deaths
People from Hampton, London
People from Jerez de la Frontera
University of Seville alumni
Spanish winemakers
Spanish ornithologists
Spanish conservationists
Spanish people of Scottish descent
Mauricio
Marquesses of Bonanza
Crosses of Naval Merit
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Spanish expatriates in the United Kingdom
Cenani–Lenz syndactylism, also known as Cenani–Lenz syndrome or Cenani–syndactylism, is an autosomal recessive congenital malformation syndrome involving both upper and lower extremities.
Presentation
It is characterized by a nearly symmetrical presence of a spoon hand (classical type) or, more frequently, an oligodactylous hand. Individuals with this syndrome present the following symptoms: carpal, metacarpal and digital synostoses, disorganization of carpal bones, numeric reduction of digital rays and toe syndactyly. Additionally, other symptoms may include radioulnar synostosis, brachymesomelia, radius head dislocation, metatarsal synostoses and numeric reduction of rays.
Cause
Cenani–Lenz syndactylism is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. This means the defective gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome, and two copies of the defective gene (one inherited from each parent) are required in order to be born with the disorder. The parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder both carry one copy of the defective gene, but usually do not experience any signs or symptoms of the disorder.
In a test of the theory that the locus associated with the disorder was at 15q13-q14, FMN1 and GREM1 were eliminated as candidates.
It is associated with LRP4.
Treatment
Eponym
The syndrome is named after Turkish (Asim Cenani) and German (Widukind Lenz) medical geneticists.
References
External links
Congenital disorders of musculoskeletal system
Autosomal recessive disorders
Rare diseases
Cell surface receptor deficiencies
sr:Синдактилија
The tiny sunbird (Cinnyris minullus) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is sparsely distributed across the African tropical rainforest.
Description
The tiny sunbird is the smallest species in the genus. The adult male has a metallic green head, back and throat, dark brown wings, a metallic blue rump and a black tail with a purplish-blue sheen. It has a narrow blue breast band above a wider scarlet breast band, lemon-yellow and a dark olive belly. The adult female has an olive-brown head and upper parts, dark brown wings and dark brown tail. There is an olive-yellow supercilium over the eye, the throat is grey and the underparts are olive washed with yellow. The eyes in both sexes are dark brown and the beak and legs are black. The juvenile resembles the female.
Ecology
The tiny sunbird is found in primary and secondary forests, forest edges, clearings and among scattered trees in savanna country and around villages. It forages in the canopy singly or in pairs, and sometimes joins small, mixed species flocks. It feeds on nectar, insects and spiders.
Status
The tiny sunbird is described as a widespread species that is generally not uncommon. However it is rare in Nigeria, mainland Equatorial Guinea and Uganda, while being common in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It has a very wide range, and the population trend is thought to be steady. No particular threats have been identified and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird's conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
tiny sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
tiny sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Arun Murugesan is an Indian Weightlifter. They won the silver medal in the Men's 62 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Indian male weightlifters
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
20th-century Indian people
21st-century Indian people
Jeanne Samary (4 March 1857 as Léontine Pauline Jeanne Samary in Neuilly-sur-Seine – 18 September 1890 in Paris) was a French actor at the Comédie-Française and a model for Auguste Renoir, including for Renoir's 1881 painting, Luncheon of the Boating Party.
Between the years 1871–1874, Jeanne Samary attended the Paris drama school and passed with distinction. In 1874, they became a member of the Comédie-Française and debuted on 24 August 1874 as Dorine in Tartuffe by Molière. Jeanne Samary excelled in numerous roles in the comedies, but also in parts of Édouard Pailleron (L'Étincelle; La Monde ou l'on s'ennuie).
Renoir painted Samary around a dozen times between the years 1877–1881; Louise Abbéma painted them twice.
In 1882, they married Paul Lagarde, with whom they had three children. Shortly before their death they wrote a children's book titled Les gourmandises de Charlotte for their children. They died in 1890 of typhoid fever, and was buried in the Passy Cemetery.
References
19th-century French actores
French stage actores
Sociétaires of the Comédie-Française
People from Neuilly-sur-Seine
1857 births
1890 deaths
Deaths from typhoid fever
Burials at Passy Cemetery
French artists' models
Tusko was an Asian elephant who resided at the Oregon Zoo in Portland, Oregon from 2005 until December 2015. It is believed they were born in the wilds of Thailand around 1971, and was about 44 years old by the time of their death.
Tusko arrived at the Oregon Zoo in June 2005 on a breeding loan. They had successfully sired three calves in the past; two while living in Canada and one in California. Tusko had also successfully mated with Rose-Tu, the youngest elephant in the herd at the time. On August 23, 2008, they delivered their first offspring, a male named Samudra and nicknamed Sam. Sam is also the first third-generation elephant born in the United States. Zoo officials have stated that they were very lucky to find a bull like Tusko. They were a good match for the herd, providing genetic diversity as well as great social skills, experience with calves, a gentle nature with the females and positive role model for Samudra.
Rose-Tu and Tusko again mated successfully in 2011 and their second calf, a female named Lily, was born on November 30, 2012. A controversy was sparked when the Seattle Times reported that the new baby would become the property of Perris-based Have Trunk Will Travel, a company which offers elephant rides at fairs, zoos and weddings. Zoo officials explained that although the breeding contract states that the zoo owns the first, third and fifth of Tusko's offspring, while the California company owns the second, fourth and sixth baby elephant, there are no plans to ship the elephant to California. The plan has always been for Rose-Tu and their baby to stay together their whole lives as they would in the wild; however, the legal details of the arrangement cannot be negotiated before the elephant is one month old. Eventually, the Oregon Zoo foundation did a fundraiser to purchase both Lily and Tusko for $400,000, giving the zoo legal ownership of both.
There were plans for Tusko to also mate with the zoo's other two females, Shine and Chendra, although they never materialized. Tusko underwent two surgeries to have their tusks removed due to risk of chronic infection. They were blind in their right eye.
In June 2014, the elephant tested positive for tuberculosis. An 18-month treatment began that year.
In late December 2015, a decades-old right-rear foot injury flared up, forcing Tusko to use their other three legs and their trunk to bear weight. Their right-front foot then became infected and swollen, and Tusko had difficulty standing and walking. They were euthanized on December 22, 2015. Zoo officials said they did not know exactly how the injury occurred, however that it had happened while they were a circus elephant.
References
Individual elephants
Oregon Zoo
Karkar Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Yau/Badilu
02. Matiu
03. Tarak
04. Kaviak
05. Kinim Station
06. Narer
07. Urugen
08. Bangme/Langlang
09. Gial
10. Tugutugu
11. Dimer
12. Kaul 1
13. Kaul 3
14. Mapor
15. Muluk
16. Kubam
17. Katom
18. Pain
19. Komoria
20. Dangsai
21. Biu
22. Did
23. Boroman
24. Kurum
25. Liloi
26. Marup
27. Kevasop
28. Mangar
29. Bafor
30. Kuduk
31. Bujon/Kurumtaur
32. Marangis/Mom
33. Keng/Mater
References
Local-level governments of Madang Province
Aaj Aur Kal (meaning 'today and tomorrow' in Hindi and Urdu) may refer to:
Aaj Aur Kal (1963 film), an Indian Hindi film produced and directed by Vasant Joglekar
Aaj Aur Kal (1947 film), an Indian Hindi film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
Aaj Aur Kal (1976 film), Pakistani Urdu social film
Toriko is an anime series adapted from the manga of the same title by Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro, produced by Toei Animation and directed by Akifumi Zako. The series follows the adventures of Toriko and Komatsu as they search for rare, diverse foods to complete a full-course meal.
The series ran on Fuji Television from April 3, 2011, to March 30, 2014, and was released on DVD in 25 compilations by Happinet Pictures between August 2, 2011 and July 2, 2014. The series' debut episode was part of a cross-over special between Toriko and One Piece. The anime was licensed by Funimation for a simulcast streaming and a home media release in North America.
The series uses twelve pieces of theme music: two opening themes and ten ending themes. The first opening theme, , is performed by Akira Kushida and the second, used from episode 100 onwards is , also performed by Kushida. The ending themes are "Satisfaction" performed by F.T. Island for episodes 2 to 24, "Deli-Deli Delicious" performed by Sea A for episodes 25 to 37, "Sabrina" performed by Leo Ieiri for episodes 38 to 50, "Love Chase" performed by Tomohisa Yamashita for episodes 52 to 63, performed by Hyadain for episodes 64 to 75, "Lovely Fruit" performed by Nana Mizuki for episodes 76 to 87, performed by Jun Sky Walker(s) for episodes 88 to 98, performed by Salley for episodes 100 to 111, performed by The Dresscodes for episodes 112 to 123, "Believe in Yourself!" performed by Palet for episodes 124 to 135, and performed by Rurika Yokoyama for the rest of the series.
Series overview
Episode list
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Media release
Japanese
Happinet Pictures distributed the episodes in 25 volumes in DVD format across Japan.
English
In North America, Funimation released the first 50 episodes in four parts from January 22 to May 7, 2013; they were reissued in two collections from August 26 to November 4, 2014. In Australasia, Madman Entertainment released the episodes in three collections from May 22 to June 19, 2013.
Notes
References
General
Specific
Toriko
Vacas is a barrio in the municipality of Villalba, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,049.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Vacas barrio was 1,841.
During the 2019–20 Puerto Rico earthquakes, three giant rocks ended up coming loose, rolling down a mountain and onto a home and crushed a car, in Vacas barrio.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Vacas barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Villalba, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Villalba, Puerto Rico
A tropical garden is a type of garden that features tropical plants and requires heavy rainfall or a decent irrigation or sprinkler system for watering. These gardens typically need fertilizer and heavy mulching.
Tropical gardens are no longer exclusive to tropical areas. Many gardeners in cooler climates are adopting the tropical garden design, which is possible through careful choice of plants and flowers. Main features include plants with very large leaves, vegetation that builds in height towards the back of the garden, creating a dense garden. Large plants and small trees hang over the garden, leaving sunlight to hit the ground directly.
Tropical plants
The following are some examples of tropical plants to be used in tropical gardens or as indoor plants.
Hoyas
Hoyas are known as the “Wax Flowers” due to their texture and almost unreal appearance. They need relatively warm and humid conditions, but depending on the specific variety of Hoya, they can endure heavy rainfall for some months during the wet seasons just as they may also be exposed to long dry periods. They are commonly used indoors. They need indirect light, but the amount or required light depends on the variety. They need small amounts of water and the soil is to be kept slightly dry since a very wet soil can end up killing this kind of plant. They can be grown in pots that are not too big or in hanging baskets. They grow better if kept at a minimum temperature of 15 degree Celsius (59 Fahrenheit).
Banana plants
Contrary to common belief, growing banana trees is not that difficult and allow people to enjoy their own bananas. Also these plants can be used as windbreaks. They need fertile soils, large mulch and organic matter, large amounts of nitrogen and potassium, warm temperature, high humidity, large amounts of water, and shelter from other banana plants. Banana plants are not to be exposed to strong winds and extreme weather conditions (too hot or too cold weather) with an ideal temperature being 26-30 degree Celsius (78-86 Fahrenheit). They stop growing below 14 degree Celsius (57 Fahrenheit). Banana rhizomes are planted upright and their roots have to be well covered with soil.
Bird of paradise
Among the many species commonly called birds of paradise is Strelitzia reginae, a plant indigenous to South Africa and South America. As a tropical plant, it grows in warm, humid climates. This exotic, colorful plant with evergreen leaves resembles a bird's beak. It is an outdoor plant, provided the weather is not too cold. Otherwise, it is better to keep it in a pot indoors. It needs rich soil as well as full sun or partial shade. Another requirement for this plant is good drainage.
Ferns
Ferns are commonly used to give gardens a great foliage. Most ferns are easy to take care of. They basically cannot be exposed to direct sunlight for long periods of time. Moreover, their soil should always be moist. One way to keep ferns moist is by misting them.
Papaya tree
Papaya trees should be planted where they can be kept warm and free from wind and freeze. They need enough water to support their leaves, but it should not be excessive, which can lead to root rot. They also need a well-drained soil.
Orchids
Night temperatures between 12- 18 degree Celsius (55-65 Fahrenheit), and day temperatures between 23-26 degree Celsius (75-80 Fahrenheit) are fine temperatures for orchids. Orchids need sufficient amounts of light as well as humidity. However, there are many varieties of orchids and each of them features specific care needs.
Maintenance
A tropical garden is one of the most difficult gardens to build or maintain, it becomes more difficult the more your local climate differs from the natural habitat of your plants. The keys to a healthy tropical garden are plentiful light and water. The large leaves that feature in tropical plants require the soil to be humid at all times, so irrigation might be a must-have for some gardens. Over-watering causes the roots to rot, killing plants.
A tropical plant that is not cold-hardy should be brought indoors during the winter and returned to the garden for the summer.
Non-tropical climates
Tropical plants that work well in non-tropical climates include;
Acanthus mollis
Canna
Crocosmia, aka L
Hedera algeriensis
Paulownia tomentosa
Trachycarpus
Rhapidophyllum
Jubaea
Sabal minor and Sabal palmetto
Gallery
Attractions
Many attractions feature tropical gardens, including:
Alma Park Zoo, Kuranda, Queensland, Australia
Kuranda Scenic Railway, Dakabin, Queensland
Colasanti's Tropical Gardens, Kingsville, Ontario, Canada
Flor og Fjære, Stavanger, Norway
Cedarvale Botanic Garden and Restaurant, Davis, Oklahoma, USA
Reiman Gardens, Ames, Iowa
See also
List of garden types
References
Types of garden
|}
This is a list of electoral region results for the Western Australian Legislative Council in the 1977 Western Australian state election.
Results by Electoral province
Central
Preferences were not distributed.
East Metropolitan
Lower Central
Lower North
Lower West
Metropolitan
Preferences were not distributed.
North Province
North Metropolitan
North-East Metropolitan
South Province
South Metropolitan
South-East
South-East Metropolitan
South West
Preferences were not distributed.
Upper West
West
See also
Results of the Western Australian state election, 1977 (Legislative Assembly)
1977 Western Australian state election
Candidates of the 1977 Western Australian state election
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1977–1980
References
Results of Western Australian elections
1977 elections in Australia
Bremont Watch Company is a luxury aviation-themed British watchmaker based in England. Annual production is approximately 10,000 pieces for an approximate annual revenue of £40 million.
History
Bremont was founded by brothers Nick and Giles English. The brothers had gained mechanical experience from their father Dr Euan English. This involved from clock assembly, aeroplane- and yacht construction. On 4 March 1995 Euan English was killed and Nick was badly injured when their World War II-vintage Harvard aircraft crashed during a training flight for an air show. The crash spurred the brothers to purchase North Weald Flying Services and after working there together they decided to create their own watch company.
In 2021, the company opened the Bremont Manufacturing & Technology Centre, known as "The Wing", a 35,000-square-foot manufacturing facility where it machines components and assembles timepieces. At full capacity, the company expects The Wing can manufacture up to 50,000 watches annually, which would be five times their current output. The company estimates The Wing and the machinery cost more than £25 million ($34 million).
Awards
Since its founding, Bremont have received awards in various fields: Watch Pro ‘Watch Company Of The Year' 2019; HSBC Global Connections, overall winner, 2013; UK Retail Jewellery Awards, Luxury Watch Brand Of The Year and Store Design Of The Year 2013; Watch Pro ‘Luxury Watch Of The Year' 2012; Luxury Briefing Awards, ‘Breakthrough Brand', 2012; UK Jewellery Awards, ‘Watch Brand of the Year Award', 2011; Walpole British Luxury ‘Best Emerging British Luxury Brand' 2008.
Military
Bremont has created a number of special-edition watches for serving or former members of the armed forces, based on its commercial models. Purchases of these watches are restricted to people who have flown in the subject aircraft, served in the military units commemorated or, in one case, served on board a particular warship.
Bremont have been a long-time supporter of the armed services through its work with Help for Heroes, The Royal British Legion and official supporter of the UK Team for the Invictus Games. This relationship culminated in the launch of a completely new HMAF range of watches following an agreement which sees Bremont given the license to use signs, symbols, and Heraldic Badges from all three branches of Britain's Armed Forces.
References
External links
The Bremont Story
Watch manufacturing companies of the United Kingdom
British brands
Watch brands
British companies established in 2002
Clothing companies established in 2002
Garci López de Padilla was a Spanish noble of the House of Padilla. They were the fifteenth Grand Master of the Order of Calatrava from 1296 to 1322.  They are best known for their command of the Castilian forces at the Siege of Gibraltar and their participation in the greater campaign against the Kingdom of Granada undertaken by Ferdinand IV of Castile in 1309.
The Siege of Gibraltar became one of the only successful achievements in the entire campaign undertaken by Ferdinand IV as the other main objective of taking the city of Algeciras turned into a quagmire and the king was obliged to lift the siege.
See also
Order of Calatrava
Siege of Gibraltar (1309)
Siege of Algeciras (1309)
Grand Masters of the Order of Calatrava
References
Bibliography
Spanish untitled nobility
Grand Masters of the Order of Calatrava
13th-century Castilians
14th-century Castilians
The 1938 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Vaxholm, Sweden, outside Stockholm, between 6–7 August 1938. This event was held under the auspices of the Internationale Repräsentantenschaft Kanusport (IRK), founded in 1924 and the forerunner of the International Canoe Federation.
The men's competition consisted of three Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and seven kayak events. Two events were held for the women, both in kayak.
This was the first championships in canoe sprint and the only one held prior to World War II which would break out the following year. It is also the only time the K-1 10000 m folding and K-2 10000 m folding events would take place in the world championships.
Medal summary
Man 's
Canoe
Kayak
Woman 's
Kayak
Medals table
References
International Canoe Federation
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936-2007.
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936-2007.
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1938
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships
1938
Canoeing
Canoeing in Sweden
August 1938 sports events
Tavurvur is an active stratovolcano near Rabaul, on the island of New Britain, in Papua New Guinea. It is a sub-vent of the Rabaul caldera and lies on the eastern rim of the larger feature. An eruption of the volcano largely destroyed the nearby town of Rabaul in 1994.
Mount Tavurvur is the most active volcano in Rabaul caldera, and erupted most recently on 29 August 2014.
The correct pronunciation of the volcano's name is tah-VOOR-voor, according to the Rabaul Volcanological Observatory.
History
Gallery
References
External links
Volcano World: Tavurvur, Rabaul Caldera
, the August 29th, 2014 eruption of Tavurvur captured by Phil McNamara.
Stratovolcanoes of Papua New Guinea
Subduction volcanoes
Volcanoes of New Britain
East New Britain Province
Active volcanoes
1937 natural disasters
2014 natural disasters
Szendrey-Ramos v. First Bancorp, 512 F. Supp. 2d 81 (D.P.R. 2007), was a case decided in the district of Puerto Rico where the federal district court declined supplemental jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1367(c).
Factual background
Carmen Szendrey-Ramos worked for First Bancorp as their general counsel in Puerto Rico. After investigating several possible ethics violations and illegal activities, Szendrey-Ramos was fired. They sued First Bancorp under Title VII alleging discrimination and retaliation and for violations of the Puerto Rico constitution. First Bancorp made a motion to dismiss the claims.
Decision
The district court allowed the Title VII claims to move forward, but declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the Puerto Rico law claims. The court reasoned that the Puerto Rico law claims would require Szendrey-Ramos to possibly divulge client information in litigation, an action regulated by Canon 21 of the Puerto Rico Code of Professional Ethics. The court determined that the entanglement with Canon 21 created a novel and complex problem of Puerto Rico law, and that the Puerto Rico law claims would dominate the Title VII claims if supplemental jurisdiction was exercised. For those reasons, the court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the Puerto Rico law claims.
References
External links
2007 in United States case law
United States district court cases
United States supplemental jurisdiction case law
The speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines (), more popularly known as the House speaker, is the presiding officer and the highest-ranking official of the lower house of Congress, the House of Representatives, as well as the fourth-highest official of the government of the Philippines.
The speaker is elected by a majority of all of the representatives from among themselves. The speaker is the third and last in the line of succession to the presidency, after the vice president and the Senate president.
A speaker may be removed from office in a coup, or can be replaced by death or resignation. In some cases, a speaker may be compelled to resign at the middle of a Congress' session after they have lost support of the majority of members of congress; in that case, an election for a new speaker is held. Despite being a partisan official, the speaker (or whoever is presiding) does not vote unless in breaking ties in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives.
The current House speaker is Martin Romualdez of Leyte-1st congressional district. They were elected as speaker on July 25, 2022, the first day of the 19th Congress.
Election
When the office of speaker is vacant (usually at the beginning of a new Congress), the secretary-general of the House sits as the speaker until a person is elected. A speaker is usually elected via majority vote via roll call of the representatives, after nomination at the start of each new Congress. Usually, despite the current multi-party system used, only two representatives are nominated, with nominations being agreed upon before each Congress during caucuses between the administration and opposition coalitions, with the chosen candidate of the majority coalition being almost certain to win by a large margin. The two competing candidates by tradition vote for each other; those who voted for the speaker-elect is assigned as the "majority" coalition while those who didn't are the minority coalition, with the losing candidate usually being named as minority leader.
In the 2013 election, there were three candidates for the speakership. In this case, the candidates didn't vote for each other, and the second-placed candidate became minority leader and headed the minority bloc. The third-placed candidate became the leader of the "independent minority" bloc. Only the majority and minority blocs were given seats in committees. There was a chance that neither candidate would get a majority of votes; it is undetermined on what should be done if that happened.
Role
According to Section 15 of Rule 4 of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the duties and powers
of the speaker as the political and administrative head of the House are as follows:
a. prepare the legislative agenda for every regular session, establish systems and procedures
to ensure full deliberation and swift approval of measures included therein, and may, for
the purpose, avail of the assistance of the Deputy Speakers, the Majority Leader, the
Chairpersons of the standing committees and other Members of the House;
b. conduct regular monthly caucus of all Members or groups thereof or as often as may be
necessary to discuss priority measures and to facilitate dialogue, consensus and action on
issues and concerns affecting the House and the performance of its functions;
c. exercise general supervision over all committees and, in furtherance thereof, conduct
regular monthly meetings with the Chairpersons and Vice-Chairpersons of all standing and
special committees to set legislative targets, review performance in the attainment of
targets, ensure that the priority legislative measures of committees are attuned to the
legislative agenda of the House, and resolve such other issues and concerns that affect the
operations and performance of the committees;
d. as far as practicable, establish an efficient information management system in the House
utilizing among others, modern digital technology, that can:
1. facilitate access to and
dissemination of data and information needed in legislation inclusive of facilitating real
time translation of plenary proceedings in the major Philippine dialects and languages;
2. provide a simplified and comprehensive process of gathering, recording, storage and
retrieval of data and information relating to activities and proceedings of the House;
3.sustain a public information program that will provide accessible, timely and accurate
information relating to the House, its Members and officers, its committees and its
legislative concerns inclusive of facilitating, as far as practicable, broadcast coverage of
plenary and committee proceedings;
e. establish an efficient and effective system to monitor and evaluate the performance of
legislative tasks and duties of the House, its Members and its committees;
f. establish coordinative linkages with the Senate of the Philippines to efficiently monitor and
facilitate Senate action on House measures pending with the same;
g. preside over the sessions of the House and decide all questions of order subject to appeal
by any Member who may explain the appeal in not more than five (5) minutes: Provided,
That the appeal shall not be subject to debate, and no explanation of vote shall be allowed
in case of nominal voting;
h. designate a Member as temporary presiding officer after informing the Deputy Speakers:
Provided, That any such designation shall be effective for one session day only;
i. take appropriate measures as may be deemed advisable or as the House may direct, to
preserve order and decorum in the session hall, the galleries, lobbies, chambers, offices,
corridors and premises of the House;
j. sign all acts, resolutions, memorials, writs, warrants and subpoenas that may be issued by
or upon order of the House;
k. perform administrative functions such as, among others:
k1. appointment of personnel of the House with authority to delegate this power;
k2. suspension, dismissal or imposition of other disciplinary measures on House personnel
in accordance with Civil Service rules: Provided, That the suspension or dismissal of
the Secretary General and the Sergeant-at-Arms shall take effect only upon the
concurrence of the majority of all the Members;
k3. consolidation or splitting of vacant positions carrying salaries and wages which may be
increased or reduced in the process, and/or creation of new positions in accordance
with the General Appropriations Act: Provided, That the total amount involved shall
not exceed the total amount appropriated for the salaries and wages of the personnel
of the House; and
k4. implementation of merit-based policies and programs on personnel recruitment,
training and development, promotions, incentives and benefits to ensure that the
House has a corps of competent professionals able to provide needed legislative
support services;
l. prepare the annual budget of the House with the assistance of the Committee on
Accounts;
m. in consultation with the Committee on Rules, prepare the rules and regulations governing
public access to personal data and related information, including statements of assets and
liabilities, of Members of the House;
n. in consultation with the Minority Leader, shall develop through an appropriate entity of the
House a system for drug testing in the House of Representatives, which may provide for
the testing of any Member, officer, or employee of the House, and otherwise shall be
comparable in scope to the system for drug testing in the executive branch, Provided, That
the expenses of the system may be paid from applicable accounts of the House for official
expenses; and
o. require the submission of performance reports at the end of every regular session and
fiscal year from the committee chairpersons, the Secretary General and the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and such other reports as may be required from all concerned officers and offices of
the House.
And according to Section 16 of the Rule 4 of the Rules of the House, the speaker must "be the permanent head of delegation and representative of the House in all international parliamentary gatherings and organizations: Provided, that the Speaker may designate any Member to be the representative of the Speaker. The Speaker
shall also determine, upon the recommendation of the Majority Leader, in consultation with
the Chairperson of the Committee on Inter-Parliamentary Relations and Diplomacy, who shall
constitute the House delegation to any international conference or forum of parliamentarians
and legislators and the secretariat support staff to be mobilized for the purpose."
List of speakers
Speakers per region
List of speakers per party (24 speakers)
Timeline
Living former Speakers of the House
As of , there are seven living former speakers of the house:
Legend: Boldface means still an incumbent Representative.
See also
House of Representatives of the Philippines
Deputy Speakers of the House of Representatives of the Philippines
Majority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines
Minority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines
Notes
References
Legislative speakers in the Philippines
Philippines
Political office-holders in the Philippines
01 Communiques is a Canadian cybersecurity and technology company based in Mississauga, Ontario.
History
01 Communiques was founded in 1992. The company's first release was a fax program called 01 Fax. Its next release would be the COMMUNICATE! series, a program that combined fax, e-mail, voice mail, text recognition, and paging.
The company's focus switched to remote access software in the late 1990s. In 2000, the company filed for U.S. and Canadian patents related to the technologies they have invented and used in their commercial software. US Patent #6,928,479 and #6,938,076 were awarded in August 2005.
On March 8, 2000, 01 Communiques began trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) under the trading symbol ONE. The company had been previously trading on the Canadian Dealing Network.
In 2010, 01 Communiques opened offices in Arlington, Virginia, to promote its newest product, including I'm InTouchMeeting, a video-conference software. In 2015, I'm InTouchMeeting was awarded the "2015 INTERNET TELEPHONY Product of the Year Award".
Lawsuit
In February 2006, 01 Communiques launched a patent infringement lawsuit against Citrix Systems alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 6,928,479. The lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division. The jury rejected 01 Communiques infringement claims, and in 2018 the Federal Circuit denied the company's appeal.
See also
BlockDos
Citations
External links
Companies listed on the TSX Venture Exchange
Remote desktop
Software companies of Canada
Companies based in Mississauga
Software companies established in 1992
1992 establishments in Ontario
Canadian companies established in 1992
Matthew Whatley (born January 7, 1996) is an American professional baseball catcher in the Texas Rangers organization.
Amateur career
Whatley attended Claremore High School in Claremore, Oklahoma. They received one offer to play college baseball in NCAA Division I, from Oral Roberts University. They played for the Oral Roberts Golden Eagles. In 2016, they played collegiate summer baseball in the Cape Cod Baseball League for the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox. In 2017, they won the Johnny Bench Award.
The Texas Rangers selected Whatley in the third round of the 2017 MLB draft. They signed with the Rangers, receiving a $517,100 signing bonus.
Professional career
They spent 2017 with both the AZL Rangers and the Spokane Indians, posting a combined .295 batting average with six home runs and 28 RBIs in 44 games between the two clubs. Whatley began the 2018 season with the Down East Wood Ducks of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League and was reassigned to the Hickory Crawdads of the Class A South Atlantic League at the end of the season. In 52 games between both teams, Whatley hit .179 with three home runs and 14 RBIs. Whatley was assigned back to Hickory for the 2019 season, hitting .234/.349./321/.670 with four home runs, 49 RBIs, and 29 stolen bases. Whatley played in the Arizona Fall League for the Surprise Saguaros following the 2019 season. Whatley was named the Texas Rangers 2019 Minor League Defender of the Year. Whatley did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Minor League Baseball season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. They spent the 2021 season with the Frisco RoughRiders of the Double-A Central, hitting .203/.316/.282/.598 with four home runs and 14 RBIs. They returned to Frisco for the 2022 season.
References
External links
Oral Roberts Golden Eagles bio
1996 births
Living people
People from Claremore, Oklahoma
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Baseball catchers
Oral Roberts Golden Eagles baseball players
Yarmouth–Dennis Red Sox players
Arizona League Rangers players
Spokane Indians players
Hickory Crawdads players
Down East Wood Ducks players
Frisco RoughRiders players
Surprise Saguaros players
Round Rock Express players
Great Grand Masti () is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language supernatural horror adult black comedy film directed by Indra Kumar. It is the third installment in the Masti (film series) after Masti (2004) and Grand Masti (2013). It is produced by Sameer Nair, Aman Gill, Ashok Thakeria, Markand Adhikari and Anand Pandit.
It features Riteish Deshmukh, Vivek Oberoi, Aftab Shivdasani and Urvashi Rautela in the lead roles along with Shraddha Das, Mishti Chakraborty, Pooja Bose and Sanjay Mishra in the pivotal roles. Originally scheduled to release on 22 July 2016, the date was advanced to 15 July 2016 after a pirated copy of the film was reportedly leaked online. Censor Board made 23 deletions from the film including some dialogue deletions and a complete scene and gave the film an A certificate.
Plot
Amar, Meet, and Prem are three friends who always wanted fun. They are married to Sapna, Rekha, and Nisha and live an unhappy life with their wives because of their mother-in-law, brother-in-law and sister-in-law respectively. Amar's mother-in-law wants their late husband to be reborn and on the order of a fraud Baba (honorific), they have stopped their daughter from having any physical relations with Amar for over 6 months to achieve the rebirth of their late husband. Meet's wife is a twin and whenever they try to go near their wife, it turns on their brother-in-law (who is a bodybuilder). The connection between the twins causes great problems like Meet's wife beating them up unintentionally when their brother is beating up some goon. Prem's sister-in-law is very hot yet very silly, they come to live with them and wants to sleep with their elder sister, forcing Prem to sleep on the couch away from theirs wife.
One day they meet in a bar and decide to enjoy their lives together. They decide to go to Amar's village to sell off their family Haveli (old mansion) and meanwhile have fun with the hot and sexy ladies in the village. When they reach the village, they find out that people are scared of the Haveli. An old man tells them that there used to be a father-daughter duo who lived in the haveli 50 years ago, the daughter, Ragini was very beautiful and many boys were smitten by their beauty but their father never let any guy near them At the age of 20, Ragini died due to snake bite but their soul still resides in the haveli in search of a man who'll do masti with them
The guys laugh it off and proceed towards the haveli, there they meet a very hot girl who's been living secretly in the haveli as they are alone and has nowhere to go. The boys hire them as their maid and each one starts trying to attract them Soon it is revealed that they are indeed Ragini and they inform the boys that one of them must have sex with them in order to free their soul and whoever does so will die. The boys get scared and try escaping the mansion but to no avail. Prem commits to doing so in front of Ragini to buy them some time and meanwhile they hire Babu Rangeela, a male prostitute to have sex with Ragini. But on the last moment their wives show up and Ragini turns Babu into a chicken. Ragini makes the boys do weird stuff in front of their wives and in-laws who join them at the haveli so they would leave. When the boys see that their wives are secretly fasting for them even when Ragini depicted them off as such perverts in front of them, they decide to confront Ragini. They meet Ragini and tell them they won't have sex with them and they can't harm them as their wives are fasting for their long lives. Ragini hurts them but they light a fire around them and call their father's spirit to help them. Rather Babu's spirit comes (who was cooked by the three wives) and has sex with Ragini hence satisfying their urge. Babu and Ragini leave the world together and the three couples live happily ever after.
Cast
Riteish Deshmukh as Amar Saxena
Aftab Shivdasani as Prem Chawla
Vivek Oberoi as Meet Mehta
Urvashi Rautela as Ragini (ghost) / Shabri (maid)
Shreyas Talpade as Babu Rangeela
Puja Banerjee as Sapna Amar Saxena
Mishti Chakraborty as Rekha Meet Mehta
Shraddha Das as Nisha Prem Chawla
Kangna Sharma as Prem's sister-in-law
Usha Nadkarni as Amar's mother-in-law
Ketan Karande as Meet's brother-in-law
Sanjay Mishra as Antakshari Baba
Cameo appearances
Sonali Raut as Shiney
Sudesh Lehri as Ramse
Ghazal Sharma as Ritu
Music
The music for Great Grand Masti is composed by Sanjeev-Darshan, Shaarib-Toshi, Superbia (Shaan, Gourov & Roshin). The lyrics have been penned by Sameer Anjaan, Manoj Yadav and Kumaar. The music rights have been acquired by Zee Music Company. The first song "Teri Kamar Ko" was released on 21 June 2016. The song 'Lipstick Laga Ke' had become so much popular and was one of the top 20 songs of 2016.
Release
Online piracy issue
On 5 July 2016, two weeks ahead of its nationwide release on 22 July 2016, a pirated copy of the film was reported to be shared online on various sites and was hosted on several peer-to-peer sharing websites like Kickass Torrents and The Pirate Bay. According to investigators, the leaked copy carried a watermark, implying that it was created from the sample copy sent by the producers to the CBFC for reviewing purposes.
Box office
The film collected around on its opening day and had a lifetime worldwide collection of against a budget of . The film was a box office bomb.
Controversies
On 15 July 2016, actor Shiney Ahuja sent a legal notice to the film's producers accusing them of criminal contempt for naming a maid Shiney in the film. A member of Ahuja's legal representation alleged that this was a reference to Ahuja's 2011 conviction for raping a maid in their employ.
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
Adult comedy films
2010s buddy comedy films
2010s comedy horror films
2010s sex comedy films
Indian sex comedy films
Indian buddy comedy films
Indian sequel films
2016 films
Films directed by Indra Kumar
Films scored by Sanjeev Darshan
Balaji Motion Pictures films
Indian comedy horror films
2016 comedy films
Ménerbes (; ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of Southeastern France. The walled village on a hilltop in the Luberon mountains, foothills of the French Alps, constitutes the main settlement in the commune. In 2017, it had a population of 990.
History
The village of Ménerbes and its citadel were the site of a major battle between Huguenots and Catholics, called the siege de Ménerbes, which lasted from 1573 to 1578 during the French Wars of Religion. Following early battles across France, Protestants decided to intentionally antagonize Pope Pius V by establishing a stronghold in Ménerbes, initially with 150 soldiers and followers led by Scipione de Valvoire, Gaspard Pape de Saint-Auban, and a baron from Germany. General mobilization on both sides followed, with Catholic forces led by Henri d'Angoulême for the Pope.
Despite the balance of power being strongly in favor of the Catholics, the fighting dragged on, increasing in force as time passed. Surrounded by trenches with opposing soldiers, the citadel suffered more than 900 blows by cannonballs, assaults by 14 tons of lead bullets, and barrages by incendiary weapons leading to destruction of its towers.
The Protestants finally agreed to negotiations, surrendering on 9 December 1578 to a "glorious capitulation." The battle, which lasted five years, two months and eight days, had been costly, draining the coffers of the towns in the Comtat Venaissin and putting a heavy financial burden on papal accounts.
Geography
The river Calavon forms part of the commune's northern border.
Culture
Rural Vaucluse was described by author Marcel Pagnol in such novels as Manon des Sources, a hardscrabble peasant life in a declining economy. In the years after 1945 the region offered cheap holiday homes. By 1960 Ménerbes was half depopulated but was the residence of Dora Maar, an artist as well as a lover and muse of Picasso, and the widow of artist Nicolas de Staël, and holiday homes of a London art dealer and a French diplomat, whose visitors to Ménerbes thus included many artistic notables. The region grew lavender, mushrooms, truffles and harsh red wine. Within sight of Ménerbes are the ruins of the Chateau de Lacoste, country residence of the notorious Marquis de Sade.
Ménerbes became known in the English-speaking world since 1990 through the books of British author Peter Mayle, tales of a British expatriate who settled in the village of Ménerbes. One of their books was made into the film A Good Year (2006), directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe, which was filmed nearby in the region, largely in the nearby town of Bonnieux. Mayle's best-known book was A Year in Provence, and this put the Luberon region onto the tourist map.
Currently, The Brown Foundation Fellows Program based at Dora Maar's former home in Menerbes provides residencies of one to three months for mid-career professionals in the arts and humanities to concentrate on their fields of expertise.
See also
Côtes du Luberon AOC
Communes of the Vaucluse department
Luberon
Clovis Hugues
References
Communes of Vaucluse
Plus Beaux Villages de France
Vinod Kumar Bali was the Chairman of Central Administrative Tribunal, Principal Bench, New Delhi and was the Chief Justice of Kerala High Court.
Career
After completing their graduation in Law from Punjab University, Chandigarh in 1967 they started practicing in District Courts, Karnal in the same year and shifted to the High Court of Punjab and Haryana at Chandigarh in 1973. They practiced on all subjects of law and specialized in Constitutional, Service, Labour and Industrial Disputes and Criminal Laws. They were designated as Senior Advocate at the age of 42 in 1987.
In the year 1991 they were elevated to Punjab and Haryana High Court and as a judge they have authored several Full Bench Judgments and decided several hundred criminal cases besides deciding Constitutional, Civil, Labour and Industrial matters. They served as the Chairman of Legal Services Authority, Haryana for a term of eight years. In the year 2005 they were transferred to Rajasthan High Court and served as the Chairman of Rajasthan State Legal Services Authority from 6 September 2006.
They were sworn in as Chief Justice, High Court of Kerala on 22 January 2006. During their tenure of one year as Chief Justice, they decided several constitutional matters of all the branches of law. During their tenure as Chief Justice, 120 Full Bench cases pending in Kerala High Court were disposed of. For the first time in the history of Kerala High Court, arrears of the cases were reduced by 15000 in one year. They retired on 24 January 2007 on attaining the age of superannuation.
Appointed as Chairman, Central Administrative Tribunal, they assumed the office on 8 March 2007.
References
1945 births
Living people
Judges of the Punjab and Haryana High Court
Judges of the Rajasthan High Court
Chief Justices of the Kerala High Court
20th-century Indian judges
20th-century Indian lawyers
The Bélier class, sometimes called the Cerbère class, was a class of four battleship rams built for the French Navy in the 1870s. Designed to have an offensive coast guard role, they rarely left their home port during their career and were the last of their type.
The Bélier class was designed with thicker waterline and turret armor compared to their predecessor, the , after its armor was proved to be insufficient. They had wooden hulls with an iron ram and upper works. Funnels were side by side on all four ships. Although Cerbère was originally rigged for sail (brig configuration), they were discarded and the remaining three ships of the class were completed without sails.
Bélier was commissioned at Cherbourg in 1872, remaining there throughout its career, successively commanded by Commanders Didot, Courbet, Pouthier, Bonamy de Villemerenil and Riou de Kerprigent and was scrapped in 1896.
Bouledogue was commissioned at Lorient in 1873. Commanded by the Captains of the vessel Franquet, Schwerer, Massenet and Schlumberger, it became the centerpiece of the mobile defense of the port of Lorient in 1886 and was scrapped on 24 April 1896.
Cerbère was commissioned in Brest in 1868, commanded by Chaxel. Commanded by Galiber, Cerbère moved berth to Cherbourg in 1870, leaving for Le Havre in August 1870, commanded by Carrade. From 1873 Cerbère was commanded by Bailloud, then Cahagne and finally Riou de Kerprigent before being scrapped on 12 November 1886.
Le Tigre, commissioned at Rochefort in 1874 under Jouneau's command, was berthed at Brest, traveled regularly to Cherbourg and was finally scrapped on 13 February 1892.
Ships
References
Sources
Ram
Ships built in France
1865 ships
The Church of the Holy Name in Toronto, Ontario, Canada is a historic church built during 1913 to 1926. The church was designed by architect Arthur W. Holmes to resemble the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome. It is asserted to be "unchallenged as the Danforth's most impressive architectural landmark."
The Church of the Holy Name is located on The Danforth, slightly west of Pape Avenue. Historically, Danforth Avenue started off as a sleepy byway, with large stretches of open fields. The dirt road became dusty in the summer and muddy during wet weather. Over time the Danforth streetscape evolved to consist of scattered houses, the occasional church, most notably Church of the Holy Name, and the occasional hotel.
The Church of the Holy Name has remained an architectural landmark along Danforth Avenue.
References
External links
Roman Catholic churches in Toronto
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1926
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Canada
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto
Maciąg is a Polish-language surname derived from an augmentative of a given name and which literally means "big Maciej". Notable people with this surname include:
Pawel Maciag, university professor, lawyer, journalist, and diplomat
References
Polish-language surnames
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)" is a single by Hey! Say! JUMP. It was released on December 15, 2010.
Information
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)" is the second single by Hey! Say! JUMP for the year 2010. They compiled their hits from their debut until this single on their first album, JUMP No. 1, showing how much the ten members had grown over the years. This single marked the beginning of their next stage. The theme of the song is "Thank You" and how this is unique in every country. Though the title is rather peaceful, the song itself is more of a hard dance number that will show that Hey! Say! JUMP have become adults.
The single was released in both regular and a CD + DVD limited version. The CD contained the title song plus three different couplings, all with their own karaoke version, for a total of eight songs on the single. The DVD version came out with the music video and making of the single. The Jacket Designs were completely different between the two versions.
Regular Edition
CD
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)"
"FLY"
"Snow Song"
"Futari Kake no Basho"
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)" (Original Karaoke)
"FLY" (Original Karaoke)
"Snow Song" (Original Karaoke)
"Futari Kake no Basho" (Original Karaoke)
Limited Edition
CD
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)"
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)" (Original Karaoke)
DVD
"Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)" (PV & Making of)
Charts and certifications
Charts
Sales and certifications
References
2010 singles
Hey! Say! JUMP songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
2010 songs
J Storm singles
Gentianella concinna is a flowering plant species, endemic to the Auckland Islands of New Zealand.
Description
It is an annual plant with much-branched stems up to long. The leaves are fleshy and leathery, oblong-spatheolate to linear-oblong in shape, gradually narrowing into broad, flat petioles. The basal leaves are about by wide; the cauline leaves are smaller. The flowers are borne singly in the axils of the upper leaves. The corollas are red, or white streaked with red or purple, and are about long. The calyces are about one third the length of the corollas.
Taxonomy
It was first described in 1844 by Joseph Dalton Hooker as Gentiana concinna. Its currently accepted name is Gentianella concinna, having been assigned to the genus Gentianella by the authors, Ho and Liu in 1993.
Conservation status
In both 2009 and 2012 it was deemed to be "At Risk - Naturally Uncommon" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System, and this classification was reaffirmed in 2018, due to the species being an island endemic and having a restricted range.
References
Endemic flora of New Zealand
Flora of the Auckland Islands
concinna
Plants described in 1844
Mirror is the fourth studio album by English experimental space rock band Flying Saucer Attack, released by FSA Records and Drag City on 17 January 2000. Lead member David Pearce recorded the album, their second solo project released with the Flying Saucer Attack name, with the assistance of one-time collaborator and English producer Rocker from 1997 to 1999 during a long period of depression. The album builds upon the sampling and noise approaches of the band's previous album, New Lands (1997), exploring electronic experimentation with influences from drum and bass and industrial music, in addition to the lo-fi noise pop and gentle psychedelic folk that they originally established the band's style with.
Pearce consciously wrote more direct lyrics on the album, and their vocals and melodies are more pronounced and decipherable than on previous albums, where they were obscured and electronically processed. Upon release, the album was greeted with favourable reviews from critics, complimenting its psychedelic sound, and was a moderate college radio success. Nonetheless, it was the final Flying Saucer Attack album for fifteen years, with Pearce putting the project on hiatus following the album's release.
Background and recording
After their critically acclaimed second album Further (1995), Rachel Brook left Flying Saucer Attack to focus on their own project Movietone, rendering Flying Saucer Attack a solo project for remaining member Dave Pearce. After issuing the rarities compilation album Chorus (1995) to close "phase one" of the band, their first solo album under the Flying Saucer Attack name, New Lands, was a conscious attempt to start "phase two" of the band. Exploring new approaches such as sampling, and a more aggressive noise approach, almost disregarding "traditional song structure altogether" the album has retrospectively been referred to as bridging the gap between Further and Mirror.
While recording Mirror, Pearce was suffering from depression. Having felt that "phase two" of the band "never really happened", they instead posed Mirror as a new "phase two." They recorded Mirror from 1997–99 with contributions from their fellow Bristolian collaborator Rocker. As with New Lands, Mirror was largely recorded on a Yamaha 8-track recorder "with a dual cassette thing". Pearce stated: "Some people may go, 'Oh my god, a cassette eight-track! Oh dear, oh dear.' Even if they can handle the idea of a cassette four-track, they can't handle the idea of cassette eight-track, but it sounds alright to me."
With regards to some Mirror being recorded at Rocker's house, presumably the StAR Studios mentioned in the liner notes as the recording studio for four songs, Pearce noted their "fairly proper equipment", having been "building up lots of stuff over the years", although, as they revealed to Magnet, parts of the album were recorded in Pearce's home with their own equipment, before "[meshing] it together": "there are a number of parts that Rocker and I messed with over here a little bit. All the songs I did entirely here or I started them with Rocker and then finished over here. There's nothing that was done entirely with Rocker's digital set-up."
Under the influence of Rocker, who had acquired a sampler and "wanted to see if they could make it work," Pearce decided to make Mirror more rhythmic than its predecessors, and a departure from the "one snare, one symbol drumming" they had grown accustomed to: "I thought it would be interesting to see what it would be like to have fairly overt beats, however out of date they may be. I just wanted to see if that could work." As is tradition for Pearce, the folkier songs on the album were recorded alone in their small kitchen. Nick Webb mastered the album at London's famous Abbey Road Studios.
Music and lyrics
Considered the band's most accessible album, Mirror features tracks that explore experimentation with genres and sounds that were new to Pearce, including electronic music and beats inspired by drum and bass, most of which are largely prevalent in the album's second half, in addition to some of Pearce's melancholic acoustic folk songs. According to Jason Kane of Allmusic, Mirror has a "soothing and ambient feel" due to its "blurring of lines between noise and notes, of sounds and music," although Ryan Schreiber felt that, unlike prior albums, Mirror places its focuses on songs, with "the effects pushed just below the surface." Mirror has been referred to as "space-psych" and "expansive, tribal, techno-influenced psychedelia." Pearce, speaking to Ptolemaic Terrascope, said: “What I think I was trying to do before, I've done a bit better this time. By ‘better' I mean ‘nearer' to what I've been trying to do all along... something came out right this time."
{{quote box|quote="Mirror also somehow manages to encapsulate most everything Pearce had done before, from unprepossessing acoustic laments, to blasted guitar scapes, to fried electronic pulsations, while also bringing new ideas to the table."|source=—Jon Dale of FACT Magazine |width=25%|align=right|style=padding:8px;|border=2px}}
The album's background is layered with "atmospheric guitars", whilst "simple basslines provide the anchor, and sound effects take the sound further into space." In keeping with the album's variety, several of the songs incorporate "actual percussion." Unlike on previous albums, the folk songs on Mirror have intelligible lyrics and decipherable melodies. Pearce's vocals on the album are gentle, giving the album a mellow feel despite its sometimes aggressive music. A reviewer for Opus FM summed up Mirror by saying it "is certainly noisy, fuzzy, and psychedelic as all get out. However, it's also incredibly listenable."
Pearce felt the need "to make songs with an end, if not a chorus," and in an interview, they commented that they were "quite pleased with [Mirror]. I'm not so embarrassed about the singing. However abstract it is, they're still meant to be songs. In the past, they weren't very song-y, and this time I did really want for them to be songs." Unlike New Lands, which Pearce has expressed dissatisfaction with, Pearce said that, with Mirror, they "had the title before any of it. In a way, that effected the kind of stuff recorded for it." They elaborated on their songwriting:
Finding Mirror to "reflect both sides of the millennial chasm, incorporating the atmosphere of the countryside with the sound of hyper-modern urbania," critic Kerwin So felt connections between Mirror and a combination of both urban and rural life: "It might be fair to label Mirror as subliminal trip-hop–indeed, not too long ago Pearce moved from the English countryside to the more urban environment of Bristol, home of such artists as Massive Attack and Portishead. The effect of both rural and urban environments shines clearly throughout this record, suggesting a potential future in which a cohesive humanity can reconcile the introspection and simplicity of the countryside with the technology and progress of modern life."
Songs
"Space (1999)" opens the album with "sweeping billows of sound," and features "white noise fuzz and phased acoustic-slide guitar" alongside melodic vocals. Taking influence from English folk, the simple "Suncatcher" is purely acoustic. "Islands" is over eight minutes long, morphing "through distinct and attention-grabbing phases, beginning sparsely and building into spiralling crescendos." "Tides", like "Suncatcher", is acoustic-led, albeit "with a thin strand of whispery electronic squeal running through it." The darker "Chemicals" is an industrial song, reminiscent of New Lands and containing a "throbbing electronic rhythm, crunching beat, and processed vocals." "Dark Wind" is an ambient composition, "with undulating waves of sound blown by soft electronic winds, a rapid, mutating beat and strumming acoustic guitars fading in and out in the background."
"Winter Song" features a "jungle/drone-rock sound-clash," "pairing a driving, organic drum'n'bass rhythm with slabs of post-My-Bloody-Valentine noise and imbuing the resultant clamour with grim and bloody determination." The song's rhythm has been compared to Psychick Warriors ov Gaia. "River" is "pure psychedelic pop, albeit pop turned brittle and wobbly by production trickery." The song features a standard rock beat that nonetheless fuels "a rare ethereal, distortion-soaked pop song." "Dust" features folk motifs over a drum loop, contrasting with the metallic off-kilter rhythm and electronic ambient textures of following song "Rise". Closing song "Star City" ends with a white noise section like that which opens the album, essentially bringing the album full circle.
ReleaseMirror was released on 17 January 2000 in the United States by Drag City and on 25 January 2000 in the United Kingdom by FSA Records. The original British edition was a limited edition run of 2,000 CDs and 1,000 transparent LPs. Although the album did not chart on any national music chart, it did nonetheless chart on several radio charts; on the CMJ Top 200, a chart "compiled from the top albums played at college and non-commercial radio," Mirror peaked at number 26, and stayed on the chart for over 10 weeks. The album also peaked at number 13 on Core's radio chart. Pearce mentioned that Drag City were pleased with the album's sales, and were eager for follow-up material. Drag City remastered and reissued the album on 10 June 2016 as an LP in the United States.
The album's psychedelic album artwork, designed by Savage Leisurecentre with typography from Savage Pencil and mirrorball imagery from Sandra Eggington, was seen as heralding in the band's new stylistic direction, and in complete contrast to previous album covers. Ryan Schreiber compared the sleeve to "a Grateful Dead reissue" and noted that "in place of liner notes is a blatantly hallucinogenic image of a psychedelic rainbow over a body of water, with creepy mutations of animals splashing about, and warped, gloopy flying saucers zooming past pink clouds. In a time when drugs are so revered by the hipster elite, it's good to see somebody living it up a little." Aural Innovations noted: "From its wildly psychedelic, mirror ball cover and inner-sleeve art featuring wobbling flying saucers careening over a churning ocean filled with rainbows, pink rabbits, and sea monsters, we know we're in for something different this time from Flying Saucer Attack."
Reception and aftermathMirror was greeted with favourable reviews. George Zahora of PopMatters rated the album 8/10 and noted that, although the album is "initially cold, downbeat and distant" as a listening experience, it "will eventually seem beautiful, austere and stoic. If the sounds are new to you, you may find them too off-putting to justify repeated spins. Headphones will help you get the best perspective on this immersive listening experience. And if Mirror seems poppy to you, it's time to lay off the Terence McKenna books." Rating the album 7.5/10, Pitchfork writer Ryan Schreiber said that it was the band's best album since Further. Kerwin So of Consumable Online asked of readers: "put this record on, take a deep breath, and listen with the lights off. And see where it takes you."
Jordan N. Mamone of CMJ New Music Monthly was favourable, and said the album's "real surprises are the static-y, post-techno beats, which, when paired with Pearce's alternately distortion drenched songs, lend an uncharacteristic, urban vibrancy to portions of the work." Rating the album three stars out of five, AllMusic's Jason Kane felt that, although the album occasionally meanders, "overall, these surges of sound are best enjoyed in the late evening or early morning hours, depending on your intention. Both results are great. Either you will enter one of your most relaxed states of sleep or will awaken as if by a wave of feathers." Aural Innovations magazine felt that "with their Flying Saucer now grounded, [Pearce is] looking for new ways to fly, and new dimensions of sound to explore. Pearce themselves felt that this album recaptured a bit of the spirit of the early FSA recordings."
Today, Mirror is regarded as the culmination of Pearce's series of albums "that incorporated beats and a slightly glossier production." In a 2015 "beginner's guide to Flying Saucer Attack", Jon Dale of Fact Magazine said "Pearce sounds free on Mirror, as though he's enjoying music again." In a biography of the band, Jason Ankeny of Allmusic retrospectively commented that the album "contained some of the project's quietest, folkiest material, as well as blown-out excursions into drum'n'bass similar to Third Eye Foundation."
In 2000, Pearce began work on the band's follow-up album, and spoke about it in an interview at the time, saying the work they had already completed for it "doesn't seem to be along the same lines as Mirror. I don't know what it is—it's pretty unfinished—but it's not going to be more drumbeats. It's going to be more bleak acoustic songs." Nonetheless, Pearce put Flying Saucer Attack on hiatus after the release of Mirror, although kept the band's name alive by sporadically publishing limited edition releases of rare, archival recordings. In 2015, Pearce resumed recording as Flying Saucer Attack, and recorded and released the album Instrumentals 2015 later in the same year.
Track listing
All songs written by Dave Pearce except where noted.
"Space (1999)" – 3:23
"Suncatcher" – 2:44
"Islands" – 8:34
"Tides" – 2:49
"Chemicals" (Pearce, Rocker) – 3:39 (featuring Rocker)
"Dark Wind" – 4:44
"Winter Song" – 4:39 (featuring Rocker)
"River" – 3:56 (featuring Rocker)
"Dust" – 5:09 (featuring Rocker)
"Rise" (Pearce, Rocker) – 6:50 (featuring Rocker)
"Star City" – 4:12
Personnel
Adapted from Mirror'''s liner notes:
Sanda Eggington – artwork (mirrorball images)
Savage Leisurecentre – design (sleeve design)
Savage Pencil – illustration, typography (lettering)
Nick Webb – mastering
Dave Pearce – writing
Charts
References
2000 albums
Flying Saucer Attack albums
Trip hop albums by English artists
Intelligent dance music albums
Electronic rock albums by English artists
Repertorio Americano was a cultural magazine published in San José, Costa Rica by Joaquín García Monge, on and off between 1919 and 1958. It was a significant forum of discussion for the Latin American intellectuals of the period. The editor considered the journalist to be a promoter of ideas and democratic ideals for the common good. In this way, Repertorio Americano built an international community that professed Americanism. Its ideological orientation exhibited republicanism, antifascism, and pacifism. "...she must be run to, not only to find the proper terms for a history of the culture of contemporary America, but also when one wants to underline the wisdom of our continent's great figures." The editor of the publication said, "The magazine is there so that the intellectual and elite generation of a country or a continent can express what they think and feel about the multiple facets of life. For this, there needs to be freedom, tolerance and the inevitable action and reaction to the concerns cited in the magazine."
References
Cultural magazines
Defunct magazines published in Costa Rica
Magazines published in Costa Rica
Magazines established in 1919
Magazines disestablished in 1958
Spanish-language magazines
Paul T. Dee (January 6, 1947 – May 12, 2012) was general counsel and athletic director of the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida. They held the position of University of Miami athletic director from 1993 until 2008.
Early life and education
Dee was born in Hoboken, New Jersey, and grew up in West Palm Beach, Florida. They attended the University of Florida, graduating in 1970 with a Bachelor of Arts. At the University of Florida, they were a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.
Dee earned a master's degree in education from the University of Miami in 1973 and a Juris Doctor from the University of Miami School of Law in 1977.
Career
University of Miami
After graduating from the University of Miami School of Law, Dee began their career at the University of Miami as an attorney for the university. In 1981, they were appointed University of Miami vice president and general counsel. In 1993, Dee was named the athletic director for the Miami Hurricanes athletics program.
NCAA rules violations 1993-1995
From 1993 through 1995, eighty students, 57 of whom were football players, falsified their Pell Grant applications, illegally securing more than $220,000 in federal grant money. Federal officials described the scam as "perhaps the largest centralized fraud ever committed in the history of the Pell Grant program."
The University of Miami provided over $400,000 worth of other improper payments to University of Miami football players. The NCAA also ruled that the university failed to wholly implement its drug-testing program, and permitted three football student-athletes to compete without being subject to the required disciplinary measures specified in the policy. From 2002 to 2010, the University of Miami football program was provided with thousands of impermissible benefits to at least 72 athletes from booster Nevin Shapiro.
NCAA violations 2003-2011
According to news reports, from 2002 through the end of Dee's tenure, booster Nevin Shapiro provided the University of Miami football and basketball players with numerous benefits that violated NCAA rules including hundreds of thousands of dollars, gifts, prostitutes, access to yachts and housing, and expensive social events.
University of Southern California
After leaving the University of Miami, Dee was chairperson of the Committee on Infractions at the NCAA, the committee responsible for enforcing NCAA rules and punishing violators. They oversaw the investigation into the University of Southern California's improper relationship with Reggie Bush.
Death
Dee died of cancer on May 12, 2012, at age 65.
References
1947 births
2012 deaths
Miami Hurricanes athletic directors
University of Florida alumni
University of Miami School of Law alumni
People from Hoboken, New Jersey
Charles Godfrey Gunther (April 7, 1822 – January 22, 1885) was a Democratic Mayor of New York City from 1864 until 1866.
Early life
Gunther was born in New York on April 7, 1822, into a family of recent immigrants from Germany. Their father, Christian G. Gunther, was a wealthy fur merchant, and Gunther would eventually join the family business.
Gunther was also a volunteer firefighter for many years.
Political career
Gunther was active in Tammany Hall politics since their teenage years.
In 1861 they ran for Mayor, but lost to Republican George Opdyke in an election fraught with Civil War complications. In 1863 Gunther ran again and was elected, serving their two-year term from 1864 until 1866.
Later life
After leaving politics, Gunther became a railroad executive, working in that capacity until their death in New York on January 22, 1885.
They were buried in Brooklyn's Green-Wood Cemetery.
See also
German Americans
Notes
References
Mayors of New York City
American people of German descent
1822 births
1885 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
19th-century American politicians
Monte delle Figne (Figne Mountain) is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It lies at an altitude of 1172 metres.
Geography
The mountain is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. Is divided by Passo Mezzano (1063 m) from Monte Taccone and by Passo della Dagliola (858 m) and a saddle near Cascina Carrosina (825 m) from Monte Tobbio.
Access to the summit
Monte delle Figne is accessible by signposted traks departing from Bocchetta Pass or Isoverde (municipality of Campomorone).
The Alta Via dei Monti Liguri, a long-distance trail from Ventimiglia (province of Imperia) to Bolano (province of La Spezia), passes very close to the mountain's summit.
Nature conservation
North-western slopes of the mountain are included in the Capanne di Marcarolo Piedmontese natural park.
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
One-thousanders of Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
GNU FreeFont (also known as Free UCS Outline Fonts) is a family of free OpenType, TrueType and WOFF vector fonts, implementing as much of the Universal Character Set (UCS) as possible, aside from the very large CJK Asian character set. The project was initiated in 2002 by Primož Peterlin and is now maintained by Steve White.
The family includes three faces: FreeMono, FreeSans, and FreeSerif, each in four styles (Regular, Italic/Oblique, Bold, and Bold Italic/Oblique).
The fonts are licensed under the GPL-3.0-or-later license with the Font-exception-2.0, ensuring they may be both freely distributed and embedded or otherwise utilized within a document without the document itself being covered by the GPL. The fonts can be obtained libre from GNU Savannah. They are also packaged on certain Linux distributions, including Ubuntu and Arch Linux.
Design
The glyphs of GNU FreeFont come from many sources, all of which are compatible with the GPL.
The core Latin characters are derived from the Type 1 fonts donated by URW++ Design & Development GmbH to the Ghostscript project. Specifically, the design notes of GNU FreeFont state that:
FreeSerif is based on URW++ Nimbus Roman No. 9 L, which is similar to Times
FreeSans is based on URW++ Nimbus Sans L, which is similar to Helvetica
FreeMono is based on URW++ Nimbus Mono L, which is similar to Courier
The Greek, Cyrillic, Armenian, Hebrew, Arabic, and International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) characters are partially based on Omega, which is an extension of TeX. The Greek characters are also based on a set of Greek Type 1 fonts compiled by Angelo Haritsis, in addition to Alexey Kryukov's Tempora LCG Unicode. The Cyrillic range also includes Valek Filipov's Gnome Cyrillic and Tempora LCG Unicode. Valek Filippov further added some composite Latin Extended-A glyphs.
The Devanagari range in serif is from the Velthuis TeX font, while the range in sans is based on Gargi; Bengali and Gurmukhi ranges are based on Harsh Kumar's BharatBhasha project and others. The Gujarati and Oriya ranges are based on Samyak fonts. The Ethiopic range is based on the Ethiopic metafont project at the University of Hamburg.
Unicode coverage
In the latest release of 2012-05-03, FreeSerif includes 10,537 glyphs, FreeSans includes 6,272 glyphs, and FreeMono includes 4,178 glyphs.
The family covers characters from the following Unicode blocks:
Basic Latin
Latin-1 Supplement
Latin Extended-A
Latin Extended-B
International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) Extensions
Spacing Modifier Letters
Combining Diacritical Marks
Greek
Cyrillic
Cyrillic Supplement
Arabic
Hebrew
N'Ko
Thaana
Syriac
Armenian
Georgian
Devanagari
Bengali
Gujarati
Gurmukhi
Oriya
Sinhala
Tamil
Malayalam
Tai Le
Ethiopic
Thai
Kayah Li
Cherokee
Unified Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics
Hanunóo
Buginese
Vai
Phonetic Extensions
Phonetic Extensions Supplement
Diacritical marks
Cyrillic Extended-B
Tifinagh
Osmanya
Coptic
Glagolitic
Gothic
Ugaritic
Old Persian
Phoenician
Runic
Braille
Supplemental Arrows-A
Latin Extended Additional
Greek Extended
General Punctuation
Super and Sub scripts
Currency Symbols
Letterlike Symbols
Number Forms
Arrows
Mathematical Operators
Miscellaneous Technical Symbols
Enclosed Alphanumerics
Box Drawing
Block Elements
Geometric Shapes
Miscellaneous Symbols
Dingbats
Alphabetic Presentation Forms
Vietnamese
Western music
Byzantine music
Mah Jong tiles
Dominoes
See also
Free software Unicode fonts
List of typefaces
Unicode typefaces
References
External links
GNU FreeFont
Free UCS Outline Fonts Project
Free software Unicode typefaces
FreeFont
Computer-related introductions in 2002
Industry is the first solo album by British drum and bass producer Dom & Roland. The album was released under the Moving Shadow label on 28 September 1998 as a separate CD (ASHADOW 16CD) and 4-disc vinyl LP (ASHADOW 16LP) editions, with the compact disc edition containing two extra tracks. It is considered a very influential and important album that was responsible for the development of the techstep sound in the late 1990s. Optical was featured as a co-producer on two tracks.
Track listing
References
External links
Industry on Discogs
1998 albums
Dom & Roland albums
The Center for Telehealth & E-Health Law (CTeL), established in 1995 by a consortium including the Mayo Foundation, Cleveland Clinic Foundation, Texas Children's Hospital, and the Mid-West Rural Telemedicine Consortium, is a non-profit organization committed to overcoming legal and regulatory barriers to the utilization of telehealth and related e-health services. CTeL, based in Washington, D.C., specializes in compiling, analyzing and disseminating information on legal and regulatory issues information associated with telemedicine. It also handles underlying issues such as licensure and reimbursement.
CTeL briefs public policymakers, writes reports, and provides testimony in support of telehealth. In its materials, CTeL argues that expanding the use of telehealth can improve patient safety, reduce medical errors, and increase patient access to primary and specialty care in both rural and urban settings. CTeL offers a variety of services, including involvement in public policy. Their Telehealth Policy Clerkship Program is available to second and third year law students interested in public policy and legal issues as they apply to advancing communication technologies in the practice of medicine.
In 2004, CTeL was recognized by the United States Department of Commerce: "[The] progress there has been in resolving such issues can be attributed to a very recent and concentrated effort by such stakeholders as... Center for Telemedicine Law, and the Office for the Advancement of Telehealth (OAT), within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)." – Innovation, Demand, & Investment in Telehealth, US Commerce Department, Feb. 2004.
References
External links
CTeL
Office for the Advancement of Telehealth
Medical and health organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Health informatics organizations
New Jerusalem is an unincorporated community in Logan County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office was established at New Jerusalem in 1876, and remained in operation until 1904.
Geography
New Jerusalem is located at the junction of Ohio State Routes 533 and 540, between Bellefontaine and the Zane Shawnee Caverns. At an elevation of , it is the highest populated place in Ohio.
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County, Ohio
1876 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1876
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Sonnet 113 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It's a member of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses their love towards a young man.
Synopsis
Since they left their beloved, the poet can think of nothing else. Their eye no longer sees the outer world, only the image of the beloved. Birds, flowers and other forms cannot enter their mind since it is filled with the image of their love. Whatever they see, ugly or beautiful, is transformed into the beloved, and so the perfect inner image makes their outer vision false.
Structure
Sonnet 113 is an English or Shakespearean sonnet. The English sonnet has three quatrains, followed by a final rhyming couplet. It follows the typical rhyme scheme of the form ABAB CDCD EFEF GG and is composed in iambic pentameter, a type of poetic metre based on five pairs of metrically weak/strong syllabic positions. The 11th line exemplifies a regular iambic pentameter:
× / × / × / × / × /
The mountain or the sea, the day or night, (113.11)
Indeed, all fourteen lines may be scanned regularly, excepting the final extrametrical syllables or feminine endings in lines 10 and 12:
× / × / × / × / × / (×)
The crow, or dove, it shapes them to your feature. (113.12)
/ = ictus, a metrically strong syllabic position. × = nonictus. (×) = extrametrical syllable.
The meter demands a few variant pronunciations: Line 4's "effectually" functions as four syllables, and line 6's "flower" as one. There are also several contractions which are unusual to modern ears: Line 9's "rud'st" and line 10's "deformèd'st" of which Stephen Booth says, "[b]oth words demonstrate their sense; they are contorted alternatives for 'rudest' and 'most deformed'". Finally, the Quarto's metrical "maketh mine" in line 14 is rejected by some editors, typically requiring an emendation with an unusual pronunciation, as for example Kerrigan's "mak'th mine eye", or Booth's "maketh m'eyne" (m'eyne = "my eyes").
Interpretations
Zoe Waites, for the 2002 compilation album, When Love Speaks (EMI Classics)
Notes
References
British poems
Sonnets by William Shakespeare
Chrysopsis (golden asters), are plants in the family Asteraceae native to the southern and eastern United States. All the species are found in Florida, although some are found in other states as well.
These are annual and perennial herbs bearing daisy-like flower heads with yellow disc florets and usually yellow ray florets. Some species formerly classified in this genus are now included in other genera: Heterotheca, Pityopsis, Stenotus, Ionactis, Aster, Eucephalus, Erigeron, Machaeranthera, Croptilon, Xanthisma, Oclemena, Bradburia, Oxypappus, Arnica, and Helichrysopsis.
Golden asters are often used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including Schinia petulans (which feeds exclusively on C. subulata).
Accepted species
Chrysopsis delaneyi - DeLaney's golden aster - Florida
Chrysopsis floridana - Florida golden aster - Florida
Chrysopsis godfreyi - Godfrey's golden aster - Florida, Alabama
Chrysopsis gossypina - Cottony golden aster - from Florida north to Virginia and west to Louisiana
Chrysopsis highlandsensis - Highlands County golden aster - Florida
Chrysopsis lanuginosa - Lynn Haven golden aster - Florida
Chrysopsis latisquamea - Pineland golden aster - Florida
Chrysopsis linearifolia - Narrowleaf golden aster - Florida
Chrysopsis mariana - Maryland golden aster - from Florida north to New York and Ohio, west to Texas
Chrysopsis scabrella - Coastal plain golden aster - Florida, Carolinas
Chrysopsis subulata - Scrubland golden aster - Florida
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Chrysopsis
Asteraceae genera
Endemic flora of the United States
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Taxa named by Thomas Nuttall
Meade County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,003. Its county seat is Brandenburg. The county was founded December 17, 1823, and named for Captain James M. Meade, who was killed in action at the Battle of River Raisin during the War of 1812. Meade County is part of the Elizabethtown-Fort Knox, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Louisville/Jefferson County-Elizabethtown-Madison, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.9%) is water. All of the county's northern border faces Indiana, across from the Ohio River.
Outdoor attractions
Doe Run Inn
Otter Creek Outdoor Recreation Area
Meade Olin Park
Diana's Park
Park Down By The River
Adjacent counties
Hardin County (southeast)
Breckinridge County (southwest/CST Border)
Harrison County, Indiana (northeast)
Perry County, Indiana (northwest/CST Border)
Crawford County, Indiana (north)
Transportation
The Regional planning group One Knox considers the largest road projects needed to support the growth from the BRAC realignment at Fort Knox to include extending Kentucky Route 313 to US 60 in Meade County and then into Brandenburg creating a corridor between Radcliff and Elizabethtown running parallel to U.S. Route 31W (Dixie Highway), and building a new extension from Bullion Boulevard in Fort Knox to KY 313 in Radcliff. The group estimates that buying the right of way for the KY 313 project to Brandenburg would cost nearly $30 million. The realignment at Fort Knox is projected to bring thousands of workers and jobs, along with millions of dollars into the regions economy.
The Matthew E. Welsh Bridge connects Meade County to Harrison County, Indiana over the Ohio River.
KY 1638 connects Brandenburg, Kentucky to US 31W (Dixie Highway) in Muldraugh, Kentucky which connects to Louisville, Kentucky.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 26,349 people, 9,470 households, and 7,396 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 10,293 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.37% White, 4.13% Black or African American, 0.59% Native American, 0.53% Asian, 0.13% Pacific Islander, 0.83% from other races, and 1.43% from two or more races. 2.15% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,470 households, out of which 42.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.10% were married couples living together, 9.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.90% were non-families. Of all households 18.40% were made up of individuals, and 6.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.80% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 32.70% from 25 to 44, 20.30% from 45 to 64, and 8.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,966, and the median income for a family was $40,592. Males had a median income of $30,835 versus $22,038 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,000. About 9.30% of families and 11.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.80% of those under age 18 and 12.30% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Brandenburg (county seat)
Ekron
Muldraugh
Guston
Flaherty
Census-designated places
Doe Valley
Fort Knox, a military base (partly in Hardin County)
Other unincorporated places
Battletown
Big Spring (partly in Breckinridge County and Hardin County)
Concordia
Flaherty
Garrett
Guston
Lickskillet
Meade
Payneville
Rhodelia
Rock Haven
Wolf Creek
Garnettsville
Buck Grove
Politics
Education
Most of the county is zoned to Meade County Schools, which operates Meade County High School.
However people living on Fort Knox are instead zoned to the Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA), which operates Fort Knox Middle High School.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Meade County, Kentucky
References
External links
Meade County Local
"Ky-313 extension is well under way"—The News-Enterprise, July 24, 2011
Meade County Fiscal Court & Meade County Tourism
Meade County Chamber of Commerce
1823 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Kentucky counties
Louisville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1823
Magic hat or Magic Hat may refer to:
Magic Hat Brewing Company, a brewery located in South Burlington, Vermont
Books
The Hat (book), a 1970 children's book
The Magic Hat, a 2002 picture book by Mem Fox and Tricia Tusa
Film and television
Harriet's Magic Hats, a Canadian television series
Magical Hat, a Japanese anime television series
The Magic Top Hat, a 1932 German comedy film
Willoughby's Magic Hat, a 1943 Phantasies animated short subject
Hats
Hat-trick (magic trick), a classic magic trick where a performer will produce an object out of an apparently empty top hat
Witch hat, a style of hat worn by witches in popular culture depictions, characterized by a conical crown and a wide brim
See also
Sorcerer's Hat, a structure and the thematic icon of Disney's Hollywood Studios, the third of four theme parks built at the Walt Disney World Resort
Tobias Daniels (born November 16, 1982, in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey) is an American filmmaker.
Tobias is a filmmaker based in Los Angeles.  They are the former West Coast videographer for PopStar! Magazine, and has been featured on Indiewire and AFROPUNK. Prior to stepping behind the lens they struck the famous gloves-over-the-head victory pose playing a young Muhammad Ali for photographer David LaChapelle's poster print of Ali' in G.O.A.T.
They were co-creator of America's first salsa dance video for kids Creative Child Magazine's Preferred Choice Award Winning - Salsa with Me. In 2012 they executive produced Janked which screened at the Cannes Film Market. Their upcoming Feature Length Documentary on LGBT performance artist: Black Velvet features camera work by Emmy Award winning camera operator Greg Harriott from Born to Explore.
References
External links
·Official website
1982 births
Living people
American artists
Filmmakers from New Jersey
People from Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey
LGBT artists from the United States
The Boșneag is a left tributary of the Danube in Romania. It flows into the Danube in Moldova Veche. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Caraș-Severin County
Augustus C. Ludlow (1 January 1792 – 13 June 1813) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812.
Ludlow was born in Newburgh, New York. They were appointed midshipman April 2, 1804, and commissioned lieutenant June 3, 1810. Ludlow was second in command to Captain James Lawrence on the USS Chesapeake during the ship's engagement with HMS Shannon on June 1, 1813. It was to Ludlow that Lawrence said "Don't give up the ship." Both Ludlow and Lawrence were mortally wounded in that battle, and Ludlow died in Halifax, Nova Scotia, on June 13, 1813.
Lieutenant Ludlow is interred, together with Captain James Lawrence and Lawrence's widow, in the graveyard of Trinity Church in Manhattan, New York City.
Namesakes and honors
See USS Ludlow for ships named in their honor.
Port Ludlow, Washington, was named in their honor by Charles Wilkes in 1842.
Ludlow Street in Manhattan, New York City
Ludlow Road in Commodore Perry Village, Middletown, Rhode Island
References
Notes
Sources
External links
USS Ludlow
1792 births
1813 deaths
People from Newburgh, New York
Military personnel from New York (state)
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the War of 1812
American people of English descent
American people of French descent
American military personnel killed in the War of 1812
Harrestrup Å is an approximately 20 km long stream through the western suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark. It rises at Harrestrup Mose in Vestskoven woodland on the border between Albertslund and Ballerup and flows through Damhus Lake and several parks on its way to the Øresund at Kalvebod Beach in Valby Park.
Course
The stream rises at Mønterne/Herstedhøje just south of Harrestrup Mose and this first, short section is called Rogrøften. Harrestrup Mose is also fed by Ballerup-Skovlunde Skolerende from the north and Bymoserenden from the south.
Harrestrup Å then flows east and is joined by Sømose Å from the north before passing under the Vestvolden on its way to the Kagsmose bog which is also fed by Kagsmose Å from the north.
From Kagsmosen, Harrestrup Å continues south through Krogebjergparken and Damhuengen to the Damhus Lake.
The section from Damhus Lake to the sea is also called Damhusåen. It runs through first the Vigerslev Park and then the Valby Park and follows the boundary between Copenhagen and Hvidovre municipalities.
Natural restoration
In 2013, it was decided to invest DKK 450 mio. in restoring the natural environment in the stream. The project is a collaboration between nine municipalities and the HOFOR utility company.
References
External links
PDF about the development plan
Parks in Albertslund Municipality
Parks and open spaces in Copenhagen
Geography of Copenhagen
Rivers of Zealand
The men's discus throw event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Wednesday, August 1, 1928. Thirty-four discus throwers from 19 nations competed. The maximum number of athletes per nation was 4. The event was won by Bud Houser, the second man to successfully defend Olympic gold in the discus throw (after Martin Sheridan). It was the fifth American victory in the event. As in 1924, silver went to Finland (this time by Antero Kivi) and bronze to the United States (James Corson).
Background
This was the eighth appearance of the event, which is one of 12 athletics events to have been held at every Summer Olympics. The returning finalists from 1924 were defending champion Bud Houser of the United States and fifth-place finisher Ketil Askildt of Norway. Houser had also taken the world record in 1926 and was the favorite in this competition.
Chile, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, and Romania each made their debut in the men's discus throw. The United States made its eighth appearance, having competed in every edition of the Olympic men's discus throw to date.
Competition format
The competition continued to use the single, divided-final format in use since 1896. Each athlete received three throws, with the top six receiving an additional three throws.
Records
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
At first James Corson set a new Olympic record in the second round of the qualification with 47.00 metres. In the third round of the qualification Bud Houser bettered the Olympic record with 47.32 metres.
Schedule
Results
The best six discus throwers qualified for the final. The throwing order is not available and the throwing series are only available for the best six throwers. The final was held on the same day and started at 2 p.m.
References
Sources
Official Olympic Report
Discus
Discus throw at the Olympics
Men's events at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Agapetus is a genus of little black caddisflies of the family Glossosomatidae. There are at least 210 described species in Agapetus.
Larvae of Agapetus could be confused with Protoptila (another Glossosomatidae), but are readily distinguished by the presence
of 2 mesonotal sclerites instead of 3. There have been few larval-adult associations of the Agapetus spp. (7 of 30), so in areas with multiple species, adults or mature pupae are needed for species level identification. The saddle-type rock cases for larval
Agapetus usually have larger rocks along the edge of the case.
The type species for Agapetus is Agapetus fuscipes J. Curtis.
See also
List of Agapetus species
References
Glossosomatidae
Ida Da Poian (born 5 May 1946) is an Italian former archer.
Career
Da Poian won a bronze medal at the 1974 World Field Archery Championships and a gold medal at the European Archery Championships the same year.
They competed at the 1976 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event and finished nineteenth with a score of 2282 points.
References
External links
Profile on worldarchery.org
1946 births
Living people
Italian female archers
Olympic archers of Italy
Archers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
The men's high jump event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Rotterdam.
Results
References
High jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
High
Roni Visnoveski Turola or simply Roni (born 7 July 1987 in Botucatu, is a Brazilian goalkeeper. They currently play for Uberaba on loan from Santos.
Contract
Uberaba (Loan) 7 January 2008 to 30 June 2008
Santos 10 December 2005 to 30 June 2008
References
External links
zerozero.pt
websoccerclub
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Santos FC players
Uberaba Sport Club players
Association football goalkeepers
Brazilian people of Polish descent
Michelle Galdenzi (born January 2, 1987) is an American model and reality television actor.
Early life
Galdenzi is from Spring, Texas and graduated from Klein High School in 2005. While in high school, they were also involved in various theater productions including Beauty and the Beast, Noises Off, and The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940.
Galdenzi attended St. Edward's University in Austin, Texas for two years prior to attending a two-year conservatory for dramatic arts (SFT) in New York City. They were crowned the winner of Miss Junior Teen Texas (South) in 2001.
Career
Galdenzi was one of ten actores on the VH1 series Scream Queens where they were Runner-Up in the competition. The first episode aired on Monday, October 20, 2008.
Galdenzi appears in an advertisement in the magazine MAQ: Men's Athletic Quarterly in May 2008. They modeled for Dana-Maxx Pomerantz Spring/Summer line 2009. Galdenzi was in the Summer 2010 campaign for Koral Swimwear. They have modeled for Roar Clothing in 2009 and was featured in billboards in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Galdenzi has modeled in Aruba for Wema Home and Hardware and was in an ad for Underground Clothing in the Winter 2010 edition of Island Temptations. They were also the featured cover story in Rush Magazine volume 14.
They were featured as a Young Democrat in TruthThroughAction.org's debut political short film, "Blue Balled," released June 2008. They have also appeared as an extra in Entourage and a small role in the movie Date Night, they are set to appear in the upcoming movie Thorns from a Rose as Sam.
References
External links
1987 births
Actresses from Texas
Female models from Texas
American film actores
American television actores
Living people
Participants in American reality television series
People from Spring, Texas
St. Edward's University alumni
21st-century American women
Nerabus (otherwise Nereabolls) is a hamlet in the west of the isle of Islay in Scotland. The vicinity is noted for its scenic qualities and diverse birdlife. Nerabus lies along the A847 road on the route from Port Charlotte to Portnahaven. The locale has an early influence by the Norse.
References
Notes
Sources
Parliament of Great Britain. House of Commons. 1895. Parliamentary papers, page 804
External links
Canmore - Islay, Nereabolls, Chapel site record
Canmore - Islay, Nereabolls, Nereabolls Cross Head and Cross Shaft site record
From Port Charlotte to Portnahaven
Villages in Islay
San Fernando is a partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, in the north of Greater Buenos Aires. Its capital is San Fernando. It is twenty-eight kilometers from the city of Buenos Aires.
Population distribution (2010)
Of the 163,240 inhabitants recorded in the 2010 census, the distribution is:
San Fernando: 76,726
Victoria: 44,959
Virreyes: 38,599
Paraná Delta islands: 2,956
References
External links
Partidos of Buenos Aires Province
States and territories established in 1805
1805 establishments in the Spanish Empire
TVi () was a Ukrainian TV channel that began broadcasting in 2008; it was widely seen as Ukraine's only independent TV channel. It was known for its critical coverage of the Ukrainian government, particularly of President Viktor Yanukovych.
In late April 2013 the channel changed ownership in a disputed takeover. In early May 2013 the new management stated that they wanted to transform TVi into a mainstream TV channel (to be completed by September 2013). In March 2015 TVi stopped broadcasting because it had drained its financial resources. In March 2016 its broadcast licence was revoked.
History
TVi launched on 17 March 2008, and was set up by two exiled Russian business peoplen: Vladimir Gusinsky and Konstantin Kagalovsky. They split due to a business dispute but Kagalovsky continued to fund TVi.
According to Ukrainian media watchdog Telekrytyka TVi and 5 Kanal were the only remaining TV channels in mid-May 2010 with independent and fair TV news coverage.
The President of TVi was Vitaly Portnikov.
(Former) Chairman of the Editorial Board Mykola Knyazhytsky was placed at number 10 on the electoral list of Batkivshchyna during the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election. They were elected into parliament and Knyazhytsky left TVi immediately after.
April 2013 ownership dispute
Oleksandr Altman was officially registered on 24 April 2013 as the channel's owner but according to Konstantin Kagalovsky, TVi's previously registered owner, the documents showing that they sold the station were forged. The staff of TVi then went on strike to protest the change of ownership that they fear will undermine their ability to air news critical of President Viktor Yanukovych. According to press reports Altman, a Ukrainian-born U.S. business person, had in the past worked as an adviser to Energy Minister in the Second Azarov Government Eduard Stavytsky. (in April 2013) Altman stated their priority was to save the television channel as an objective source of information in Ukraine.
31 journalists resigned from TVi on 29 April 2013, they believed as TVi employees they could not any more "guarantee our audience to provide objective and unbiased information". They (including Mustafa Nayem) set up a "web project in which we will do the same job". This "web project" eventually became Hromadske.TV.
Early May 2013 the new management stated that they wanted to transform TVi into "a full channel, similar to ICTV and Novyi Kanal (and to a lesser intend Inter and 1+1)"; this was planned to be completed by September 2013.
Closure
On 23 March 2015 TVi stopped broadcasting because of financial problems. At the time the channel vowed to return next fall TV season.
In March 2016 the channel's broadcast licence was revoked. On 10 October 2018 for two years tv channel resumed broadcast.
Reception
Reception of TVi was available throughout the whole country of Ukraine. TVi was available on more than 90% of cable networks in Ukraine. Having a lot of partner agreements with regional companies TVi was available Free To Air in Kharkiv, Dnipropetrovsk, Zaporizhia, Kryvyi Rih, Mykolaiv, Simferopol, Sloviansk, Kramatorsk, and Melitopol. TVi was not granted a digital license in the summer of 2011; meaning that TVi would be shown through existing cable and satellite networks have access to about 45% of Ukraine's population (while the selected channels will have more than 90 percent nationwide coverage) from the autumn of 2011. TVi claimed that the reason it was denied a digital license is because of its critical approach to Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych.
Controversy
In June 2010 a video was filmed of a vehicle parked outside the TV station monitoring its activities. When the three occupants of the vehicle were asked what they were doing, they hid their faces and refused to answer questions. They then drove off, driving through a red light. TVi general director Mykola Kniazhytsky accused the SBU, Ukraine's main security agency, of carrying out this surveillance. Reporters Without Borders has condemned this as harassment.
In April 2012, TVi accused government officials of trying to disrupt and shut down the station. This was in response to tax officials allegedly probing its businesses relationships with entrepreneurs who fund the station. On April 25, 2012, tax officials delivered letters requesting contractual and other documents at the residences of at least three entrepreneurs that relate to their business dealings with TVi. Director Kniazhytsky accused the tax officials of 'bullying', and 'behaving like thugs'. In August 2012 these charges were dropped. Assessed at that time, one report noted relative to the station's independence that it has an editorial board that includes Poland's Adam Michnik and, "[c]rucially, says ... Kniazhytsky, TVi's owner has no other business interests in Ukraine."
TVi Europe
On November 22, 2011, TVi Europe was launched, and it was the first Ukrainian and Polish TV channel broadcast via satellite. The channel was broadcast in Ukraine and other European countries, and its billionaire owner Konstantin Kagalovsky had reportedly invested $5 million into the new channel.
Programming
Every day TVi presented two 1-hour slots of the new production documentaries from National Geographic, AETN, Discovery. TVi produces 10 hours per week of own production that correlites to nationalwide Ukrainian channels:
Today
Today () was a news service programme that came on the screen on week days at 8:30PM and 11:30PM.
The Truth
The Truth () was a daily talk-show with famous people about events of the day. The anchors were Ukrainian's famous journalists Roman Skrypin and Vitaly Portnikov. The program was on-air on week days at 11PM.
112 Emergency
112 Emergency () was a weekly show about accidents and crimes happening in Ukraine. The show came on screens on Saturdays at 8:30PM.
Exclamation mark
Exclamation mark () was a weekly journalistic investigation program about the most important incidents of the week. The anchor of the program was the famous journalist Artem Shevchenko. The show came on screens on Mondays at 9PM.
Black and white
Black and white () was a weekly political talk show with a famous Ukrainian politician.
Taste of Europe
Taste of Europe () was a weekly political talk and cooking show with Paweł Kowal, a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament. They talked with different famous Ukrainian people about democracy, European values, Ukraine's relations with Poland and integration into the European Union and NATO. The program came on screens on Saturdays at 11AM.
See also
List of Ukrainian language television channels
References
External links
Official website
Defunct television stations in Ukraine
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2015
Television channels and stations established in 2008
Ukrainian brands
2008 establishments in Ukraine
2015 disestablishments in Ukraine
Organizations based in Kyiv
Mass media of the Euromaidan
Ukrainian-language television stations in Ukraine
Internet television channels
Streaming television in Ukraine
Commercial-free television networks in Ukraine
Vladimir Gusinsky
Within international business, the diamond model, also known as Porter's Diamond or the Porter Diamond Theory of National Advantage, describes a nation's competitive advantage in the international market. In this model, four attributes are taken into consideration: factor conditions, demand conditions, related and supporting industries, and firm strategy, structure, and rivalry. According to Michael Porter, the model's creator, "These determinants create the national environment in which companies are born and learn how to compete."
Background
Strategic analysis typically focuses on two views of organization: the industry-view and the resource-based view (RBV). These views analyse the organisation without taking into consideration relationship between the organizations strategic choice (i.e. Porter generic strategies) and institutional frameworks. The diamond model is a tool for analyzing the organization's task environment. The diamond model highlights that strategic choices should not only be a function of industry structure and a firm's resources, it should also be a function of the constraints of the institutional framework. Institutional analysis (such as the diamond model) becomes increasingly important as firms enter new operating environments and operate within new institutional frameworks.
Porter's National Diamond framework resulted from a study of patterns of comparative advantage among industrialized nations. It works to integrate much of Porter's previous work in their competitive five forces theory, their value chain framework as well as their theory of competitive advantage into a consolidated framework that looks at the sources of competitive advantage sourcable from the national context. It can be used both to analyze a firm's ability to function in a national market, and analyse a national market's ability to compete in an international market.
It recognizes four pillars of research (factor conditions, demand conditions, related and supporting industries, firm structure, strategy and rivalry) that one must undertake in analysing the viability of a nation competing in a particular international market, but it also can be used as a comparative analysis tool in recognising which country a particular firm is suited to expanding into.
Two of the asupervisorstioned pillars focus on the (national) macroeconomics environment to determine if the demand is present along with the factors needed for production (i.e. both extreme ends of the value chain). Another pillar focuses on the specific relationships supporting industries have with the particular firm/nation/industry being studied. The last pillar it looks at the firm's strategic response (microeconomics) i.e. its strategy, taking into account the industry structure and rivalry (see five forces). In this way it tries to highlight areas of competitive advantage as well as competitive weakness, by looking at a companies/nations suitability to the particular conditions of a particular market.
Components
The four different components of the framework are:
Factor conditions (endowments)
Factor conditions include the nation's production resources, including infrastructure, labor force, land, and natural resources.
According to Porter, "a nation does not inherit but instead creates the most important factors of production—such as skilled human resources or a scientific base". A lack of less important factors, such as an unskilled labor force or access to raw materials, can be mediated through technology or by implementing what Porter calls "a global strategy."
Factor endowment can be categorized into two forms:
"Home-grown" resources/highly specialized resources
Natural endowments
For example, in analyzing Hollywood's preeminence in film production, Porter has pointed out the local concentration of skilled labor, including the different schools of film (UCLA and USC) in the area. Also, resource constraints may encourage development of substitute capabilities; Japan's relative lack of raw materials has spurred miniaturization and zero-defect manufacturing.
Related and supporting industries
This component refers to industries that supply, distribute, or are otherwise related to the industry being examined. For many firms, the presence of related and supporting industries is of critical importance to the growth of that particular industry. A critical concept here is that national competitive strengths tend to be associated with "clusters" of industries. For example, Silicon Valley in the US and Silicon Glen in the UK are techno clusters of high-technology industries which includes individual computer software and semi-conductor firms. In Germany, a similar cluster exists around chemicals, synthetic dyes, textiles and textile machinery.
Demand conditions
Demand conditions in the domestic market provide the primary driver of growth, innovation and quality improvement. The premise is that a strong domestic market stimulates the firm from being a startup to a slightly expanded and bigger organization. As an illustration, we can take the case of Germany which has some of the world's premier automobile companies like Mercedes, BMW, Porsche. German auto companies have dominated the world when it comes to the high-performance segment of the world automobile industry. However, their position in the market of cheaper, mass-produced autos is much weaker. This can be linked to a domestic market which has traditionally demanded a high level of engineering performance. Also, the transport infrastructure of Germany, with its Autobahns does tend to favor high-performance automobiles.
Strategy, structure and rivalry
National performance in particular sectors is inevitably related to the strategies and the structure of the firms in that sector. Competition plays a big role in driving innovation and the subsequent upgradation of competitive advantage. Since domestic competition is more direct and impacts earlier than steps taken by foreign competitors, the stimulus provided by them is higher in terms of innovation and efficiency. As an example, the Japanese automobile industry with 8 major competitors (Honda, Toyota, Suzuki, Isuzu, Nissan, Mazda, Mitsubishi, and Subaru) provide intense competition in the domestic market, as well as the foreign markets in which they compete.
Other factors
Porter identifies two other variables that affect competitiveness. These factors "support and complement the system of national competitiveness but do not create lasting competitive advantages."
The role of government
The role of government in Porter's Diamond Model is "acting as a catalyst and challenger; it is to encourage - or even push - companies to raise their aspirations and move to higher levels of competitive performance ..." . They must encourage companies to raise their performance, stimulate early demand for advanced products, focus on specialized factor creation and to stimulate local rivalry by limiting direct cooperation and enforcing anti-trust regulations.
Chance
The role of chance basically denotes the idea that it may occur that many times a product or an enterprise may get an opportunity to maximize its benefits out of sheer luck. Thus chance plays a key role in determining the fate of the product as well.
Criticism
Criticism on Porter's national diamond model revolve around a number of assumptions that underlie it. As described by Davies and Ellis:
"sustained prosperity may be achieved without a nation becoming 'innovation-driven', strong 'diamonds' are not in place in the home bases of many internationally successful industries and inward foreign direct investment does not indicate a lack of 'competitiveness' or low national productivity".
Porter generalized from the North American, European and Japanese experiences; for countries developing in the presence of these now developed regions of the world, the model may need to be re-examined.
See also
Cluster development
Porter 5 forces analysis
Porter's four corners model
Strategic management
Strategic planning
Techno cluster
References
Robert M. Grant (2005), Contemporary Strategy Analysis, Blackwell Publishing
Kenichi Ohmae (1985), Triad Power: The Coming Shape of Global Competition, New York: Free Press
Michael E. Porter (1990), The Competitive Advantage of Nations, New York: Free Press
Howard Davies & Paul Ellis (2000), Porter's competitive advantage of nations: Time for the final judgement?, Journal of Management Studies, 37:1188-1213.
Michael Porter
Business intelligence
Strategic management
Guayabota is a barrio in the municipality of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,124.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Guayabota barrio was 904.
Geography
The area is prone to landslides and its infrastructure and bridges have often been destroyed by hurricanes, and even by heavy rainfall. Puerto Rico Highway 182 goes through this barrio and its sectors.
Hurricane Maria
Hurricane Maria struck the island of Puerto Rico on September 19, 2017, knocking out power to the entire island (and also affected access to clean water). Many older residents of Yabucoa died as a result of Hurricane Maria. The mayor of Yabucoa, Rafael Surillo, stated on June 12, 2018 (nine months after the hurricane) that large swaths of Yabucoa municipality barrios Guayabota, Tejas, Juan Martín, Calabazas, Limones y Aguacate, and 100% of barrio Jácanas were still without electrical power. In 2018, the people of Guayabota hoped to develop emergency plans and sustainable community plans to help them be prepared in the case of a future emergency, such as happened with Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Guayabota barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
Masti Venkatesha Iyengar (6 June 1891 – 6 June 1986) was a well-known writer in Kannada language. They were the fourth among Kannada writers to be honored with the Jnanpith Award, the highest literary honor conferred in India. They were popularly referred to as Maasti Kannadada Aasti which means "Maasti, Kannada's Treasure".  They are most renowned for their short stories. They wrote under the pen name Srinivasa. They were honoured with the title Rajasevasakta by then Maharaja of Mysore Nalvadi Krishnaraja Wadeyar.
Early life and education
Maasti was born in 1891 at Hungenahalli in Kolar district of Karnataka in a Tamil speaking Sri Vaishnavaite Brahmin family. They spent their early childhood in Maasti village. They obtained a master's degree in English literature (Arts) in 1914 from Madras University. After joining the Indian Civil Service (Known as the Mysore Civil Service in the days of the Maharaja of Mysore), they held various positions of responsibility in different parts of Karnataka, rising to the rank of District Commissioner. After 26 years of service, they resigned in 1943, as a protest when they did not get the post equivalent to a Minister, which they felt that they deserved, and a junior was promoted ahead of him. They wrote some pieces in English and then switched to writing in the Kannada language. They often used the pen name Srinivasa.
Works
They published their first work, Rangana Maduve in 1910. Their last work was Maatugara Ramanna, from 1985. Kelavu Sanna Kathegalu (Some Short Stories) was their first notable work in modern Kannada literature. Maasti also crafted a number of poems on various philosophic, aesthetic and social themes. They composed and translated several important plays and was the editor of the monthly journal Jivana (Life) from 1944 to 1965.
A prolific writer, they wrote more than 123 books in Kannada and 17 in English, over the course of seventy years. They won the Jnanpith Award in 1983 for their novel Chikka Veera Rajendra. The story was about the last Rajah of Kodagu.
Demise
Masti Venkatesh Iyengar died on their 95th birthday in 1986.
Commemorations
Since 1993, an award in their name, the "Masti Venkatesha Iyengar Award" is presented to well-known writers from Karnataka. Their house is located in Basavanagudi area in Bangalore. Their house, located in Maasti village, Maluru Taluk (Kolar District) has been converted into a library and maintained by the Government of Karnataka. Masti Residential School was started in their memory in 2006–07, at a nearby location.
Bibliography
Epics
Shri Rama Pattabisheka (Coronation of Shri Ram)
Novels
Chikaveera Rajendra
Channabasava Nayaka
Subbana
Sheshamma
Stories and Anthologies
Kelavu Sanna Kathegalu (Some Short Stories)
100 Short stories in a number of volumes
Ranga's Marriage
Venkatashami's Love Affair
Plays
Kakanakote
Manjule
Yashodhara
Purandaradaasa
Bhattara Magalu
Shanthaa
Autobiography
Bhaava (Three Volumes)
Other
Subbanna (1928)
Sheshamma (1976)
Shanta (1923)
Talikoti (1929)
Yashodhara (1933)
Kannadad Seve (1930)
Arun (1924)
Tavare (1930)
Sankranti (1969)
Notes
External links
Recipients of the Jnanpith Award
Kannada-language writers
People from Kolar
1891 births
1986 deaths
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Kannada
Richard Turnbull (1826 – 17 July 1890) was a 19th-century member of parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.
They represented the Timaru electorate from to 1890 when they died.
References
1826 births
1890 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Mandira is a 1990 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Pahlaj Nihalani. It is a remake of 1980 Hindi film Aasha .The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee, Indrani Haldar and Sonam in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Cast
Prosenjit Chatterjee as Shantanu
Indrani Haldar as Sudeepa
Sonam as Mandira
Chunky Pandey
Neelam Kothari
Pradeep Kumar
Shakuntala Barua
Songs
"Sab Lal Pathor" – Lata Mangeshkar
"Sab Lal Pathor (sad)" – Lata Mangeshkar
"Tumi Jemoni Nupur (Sad)" – Bappi Lahiri
"Joy Gobindo Joy Gopal" – Anupama Deshpande & Chorus
"Asun Kinun Putul" – Reema Lahiri
"Dhin Dhina Dhin Tak Dhina – Amit Kumar & Shabbir Kumar
"Tomay Chere Ami" - Amit Kumar & Alka Yagnik
"Sangeete Aaj Amra Dujon – Mohammed Aziz & Sabina Yasmin
"Tumi Jemoni Nupur" – Bappi Lahiri
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
1990 films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
1990s Bengali-language films
Films directed by Sujit Guha
Antonio de Benavides y Bazán (1612–1691) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Patriarch of West Indies (1679–1691), Titular Archbishop of Tyrus (1679–1691), and Apostolic Internuncio to Spain (1689–1690 and 1670).
Biography
Antonio de Benavides y Bazán was born in 1612 in Madrid, Spain.
In Jul 1670, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement X as Apostolic Internuncio to Spain but resigned soon afterward in October 1670.
On 10 Apr 1679, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Titular Archbishop of Tyrus and on 8 May 1679, named Patriarch of West Indies.
On 28 May 1679, they were consecrated bishop by Savo Millini, Titular Archbishop of Caesarea in Cappadocia, with Antonio de Isla y Mena, Bishop of Osma, and Antonio Ibarra, Bishop of Almería, serving as co-consecrators.
In Sep 1689, they were again appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VIII as Apostolic Internuncio to Spain; they resigned in Aug 1690.
They served as Patriarch of West Indies until their death on 22 Jan 1691.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in New Spain
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement X
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XI
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VIII
1612 births
1691 deaths
The men's long jump event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 20–21 August.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification: 7.85 m (Q) or at least 12 best (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
Qualification Group A results
Qualification Group B results
Final results
Long
2011
Father Augustine Tolton Regional Catholic High School is the first private, Roman Catholic high school in Columbia, Missouri, built in 2010. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jefferson City. The school is named after Missouri native Augustus Tolton, the first self-identified black Catholic priest in the United States. The school's enrollment for the 2017-18 school year was 285 students.
History
Talk of opening a Catholic high school in Columbia had become a serious conversation by the time Bishop John R. Gaydos arrived in the Diocese Jefferson City in 1997. In a 2001 statement of their vision for the local Church, they called for “a study of how to expand the possibilities for Catholic secondary education in the diocese.” Feasibility studies indicated strong support among Catholic parishioners in Columbia and surrounding communities for opening a Catholic high school.
Local parishioners wanted the new high school to be built on a foundation of Catholic spirituality, college-prep academics, and leadership-development opportunities for students. They helped their parishes pay down construction debts, which allowed fund-raising for the new school to begin in earnest. The Diocese of Jefferson City provided $1.5 million in seed money through the “Grateful Memories … Faithful Future” capital campaign in 2006 and Bishop John Gaydos authorized the purchase of 23 acres of real estate.
A fund drive to raise an additional $5 million in pledges in 2009 allowed the executive committee to secure financing for the rest of the school's cost. Bishop Gaydos authorized initial site work and excavation for the school to begin in April of that year. The first classes started in August 2011 and the building opened in November 2011.
Additional funds were being raised with the hope of keeping tuition affordable for as many children as possible. As of December 2019, however, the school held a debt of $6.2M, said to be related to the cost of constructing the school.
Campus
Tolton High School is located on the south side of Columbia off of U.S. Route 63 on East Gans Road. The campus sits adjacent to A. Perry Philips Park, an outdoor recreation area and lake.
Athletics
Tolton is a member of the Missouri State High School Activities Association (MSHSAA) which governs the athletics of most schools within Missouri. The school's teams are designated the "Trailblazers." Sponsored sports include baseball, golf (boys and girls), basketball (boys and girls), cheerleading, cross-country (boys and girls), dance, football, soccer (boys and girls), softball, tennis (boys and girls), track (boys and girls), volleyball, and wrestling. In 2022, Tolton won the Missouri state class 3 high school baseball championship.
Notable alumni
Michael Porter Jr., college basketball player for the Missouri Tigers, professional for the NBA team Denver Nuggets
Jontay Porter, college basketball player for the Missouri Tigers, professional for the NBA team Memphis Grizzlies
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jefferson City
High schools in Columbia, Missouri
Religion in Columbia, Missouri
Catholic secondary schools in Missouri
Educational institutions established in 2011
2011 establishments in Missouri
SBCC may refer to:
Communication
Social and Behavior Change Communication
Construction
State Building Code Council, Washington State
Geography
Santa Barbara City College
Campo de Provas Brigadeiro Velloso, a military base in Pará, Brazil
Cachimbo Airport, the airport at the base
Medicine
Superficial Basal cell carcinoma (sBcc)
Javadiyeh (, also Romanized as Javādīyeh) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 319, in 77 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
is a Japanese voice actor who works for Office Kaoru.
Filmography
Beyblade G-Revolution, Rick
Bubblegum Crisis 2040, Kuzui
Divergence Eve, Morozov
Dokyusei 2, Yoshiki Nagaoka
El-Hazard, Katsuo
Full Metal Panic!, Arbalest
Fullmetal Alchemist, Vato Falman
Ghost Stories, Reiichiro Miyanoshita
Jikuu Tenshou Nazca, Takuma Dan
Nightmare Campus, Akira Mido
Demon Beast Resurrection, Muneto
Macross 7, Michael
Magical Girl Pretty Sammy, Shigeki Amano
Sins of the Flesh, Adolpho
Monster, Junkers
Onmyou Taisenki, Shoukaku
Sci-fi Harry, Catherine's Father
Legend of the Blue Wolves, Subordinate
Urotsukidoji: New saga, Narrator; Doctor
Tenchi in Tokyo, Umanosuke Tsuchida
Tokimeki Memorial 2, Sakunoshin Mihara
Twelve Kingdoms, Kakugo
Digimon Savers, Duftmon
Rave Master, Let
Bokurano: Ours, Tamotsu Sakakibara
Sexy Sailor Soldiers, Monster
You're Under Arrest (manga),Delinquent, Erihito Akamoto, Kazu, Male Officer, Police Executive, Yoshida, Young Man, Oldman, Dracula & Nobuyuki Sugihara
Tokusatsu
Tetsuwan Tantei Robotack, Kabados
Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger, Debo Akidamonne (ep. 33)
Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger Returns: A Hundred Years After, Debo Akidamonne
Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger, Dugon Manattee (ep. 40)
Dubbing
American Reunion, Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein)
Autumn in My Heart, Yoon Joon-suh (Song Seung-heon)
The Fan, Juan Primo (Benicio del Toro)
FBI: Most Wanted, Clinton Skye (Nathaniel Arcand)
I Know What You Did Last Summer, Ray Bronson (Freddie Prinze Jr.)
A Knight's Tale, William Thatcher (Heath Ledger)
Monrak Transistor, Siew (Ampon Rattanawong)
References
External links
Takehiro Murozono at Ryu's Seiyuu Infos
1969 births
Male voice actors from Kanagawa Prefecture
Living people
Japanese male voice actors
20th-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
Filipești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Boanța, Cârligi, Cornești, Cotu Grosului, Filipești, Galbeni, Hârlești and Onișcani.
Natives
Radu Beligan
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Sclater's myzomela (Myzomela sclateri) or the scarlet-bibbed myzomela, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea (Karkar and smaller islands). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Sclater's myzomela
Birds of Papua New Guinea
Sclater's myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
BC Sakalai was a professional basketball club based in Vilnius, Lithuania, playing in the Lithuanian Basketball League and the Baltic Basketball League. They played their home games at the 1,000-seat Ekinstos laisvalaikio centras.
Sakalai means falcons in Lithuanian language.
Franchise history
Beginning and LKAL champions (1991–1994)
BC Sakalai began playing in 1991 at the Lithuanian Basketball A League (LKAL). In 1994, Sakalai managed to win the LKAL Championship and in June 1994, the Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL) Committee accepted them into the LKL.
LKL debut (1994–1995)
In their debut season, Sakalai finished in eighth place (17 wins and 23 losses), and were coached by Šarūnas Sakalauskas. Their first win was against NECA Kaunas, 100–88. In the playoffs, Sakalai lost the series 0–2 in the first round to BC Žalgiris. Andrius Giedraitis lead the team in scoring. Sakalai also played in the FIBA Korać Cup, qualifying, but losing to Panionios Athens in the second round.
LKL and Korać Cup (1995–1999)
In the 1995–96 LKL season, Sakalai finished in fifth place, led by players like Giedraitis and Gintautas Šivickas, and lost to favorites Atletas Kaunas 2–0 in the playoffs. In the 1996–97 season, Giedraitis lead the LKL in scoring, though Sakalai were largely inconsistent, finishing in seventh place, losing to BC Olimpas in the playoffs, 2–1, though giving fight to the team that eventually reached the LKL finals. During the season, Ramūnas Šiškauskas made their pro debut in the LKL. Players like Erikas Kučiauskas, Rolandas Matulis and Arnas Kazlauskas, who played in the team since the first LKL season, also had their best seasons to date. Throughout this time, Sakalai also had a rivalry with the other Vilnius team, BC Statyba, with Sakalai winning most of their matches.
In the 1997–98 season, Sakalai had their best season to date. Under coach Sakalauskas, coaching the team since their LKL debut, Sakalai finished second in the LKL regular season standings. Giedraitis lead the team in scoring once again, and Šiškauskas showed a lot of improvement in their second LKL season. Sakalai also played in the Baltic Cup tournament. In the playoffs of the LKL, however, Sakalai lost to Ateltas Kaunas 2–0 in the semifinals, preventing the team from reaching the LKL finals. In the bronze medal series, Sakalai lost to the new team in Vilnius, Statyba-Lietuvos rytas, in somewhat a shocker, 2–1. Sakalai finished in fourth place.
In the 1998–99 season, head coach Sakalauskas left the team during the season, becoming head coach for the rival BC Lietuvos rytas team. Giedraitis also left the team to sign with Lietuvos rytas, and during the season, Šiškauskas, who became the team leader in Sakalai, also left to sign with Lietuvos rytas. Assistant coach Rūtenis Paulauskas became the head coach of the team, at just 27 years old. Sakalai then signed Virginijus Sirvydis, Egidijus Mikalajūnas and Rolandas Skaisgirys, who were let go by Lietuvos rytas. Sirvydis, in particular, became the new team leader. Dainius Šalenga made their LKL debut during the season. In the LKL, Sakalai finished only in sixth place in the regular season, but eliminated the heavily favored BC Alita in the quarterfinals 2–1. In the semifinals, Sakalai gave fight, but lost to Lietuvos rytas 2–0 in the semifinals. In the bronze medal series, once again underdogs, shocked everyone again, by defeating BC Šiauliai 2–1, winning the final match away, and finishing in third place in the LKL. The win also helped Sakalai qualify for the Saporta Cup for the next season.
Saporta Cup, LKL and BBL (1999–2008)
The 1999–00 season was a very tumultuous one for Sakalai, who started the season by building a very powerful team for the Saporta Cup. By December, however, coach Paulauskas had resigned, and much of the team had also left, with point guards Jemeil Rich and Rolandas Jarutis, who signed with rivals Lietuvos rytas, being the most significant. Assistant coach and former player in the first LKL seasons Linas Šalkus became the new head coach. Sakalai recovered, thanks to solid play from Sirvydis, Matulis, Šalenga and Skaisgirys. Sakalai managed to qualify for the Saporta Cup playoffs, giving fight, but succumbing to KK Split in the playoffs. In the LKL, Sakalai once again reached the semifinals, again losing to Lietuvos rytas, 3–0. Sakalai once again faced BC Šiauliai in the bronze medal series, holding homecourt advantage this season, but this time, Šiauliai won the series 3–1, with Sakalai finishing in fourth place. Sakalai still qualified for the Saporta Cup the next season. Saulius Kuzminskas made their LKL debut during the season.
During the 2000–01 LKL season, coached by Šalkus again, Sakalai remained stable throughout the season. Šalenga, playing their best year, left during the season to sign with Žalgiris Kaunas. Simas Jasaitis made their LKL debut for the team. Sakalai were eliminated from the Saporta Cup after the regular season. In the LKL, Skaisgirys and Matulis led the team. Sakalai once again faced Šiauliai in the playoffs, this time in the quarterfinals, losing the series 2–0 and finishing in fifth place for the season. Throughout the next 2 seasons, in 2001–02 and 2002–03, Sakalai were once again competitive, finishing in sixth and fifth places respectively. Mindaugas Lukauskis, who played in the team during the 2001–02 season, had their best year and breakout season with Sakalai.
In 2003–04 and 2004–05 LKL seasons, Sakalai were one away from third place, but lost to Šiauliai both times. Also, in 2005, Sakalai competed in the first Baltic Basketball League season, finishing in sixth place. During this time, Sakalai had formed a core with longtime team players like Matulis, Skaisgirys and Kučiauskas, also players like Eligijus Redeckas, also signing talented young players like Renaldas Seibutis and Steponas Babrauskas, who became leaders of the team. Martynas Gecevičius made their LKL debut during the 2004–05 season.
Over the next few seasons, however, results started to decline. During the 2005–06 season, Sakalai still had a solid season in the LKL, finishing in fifth place and in the BBL, where they finished in eighth place, just narrowly missing qualification for the Final Six tournament. During the season, Skaisgirys left the team, though the team core still remained. During the 2006–07 season, Sakalai signed talented young players like Mindaugas Kuzminskas, Vytautas Šarakauskas, Simas Buterlevičius, Aidas Viskontas and Justas Sinica. Redeckas had retired, while Matulis and Kučiauskas remained with the team. This time, Sakalai struggled, playing an unsuccessful season in both the BBL and LKL. Coach Šalkus resigned and was replaced by Rimas Kurtinaitis, while team leader Gecevičius signed with Lietuvos rytas. Results largely remained the same, with Sakalai finishing in seventh place in the LKL and failing to qualify for the playoffs in the BBL. During the 2007–08 season, Kurtinatis left the team early to take a coaching job in Poland, leaving assistant coach Romualdas Petronis to take over the team. Led by Justas Sinica, Sakalai played better than expected, finishing in seventh place in both the LKL, and BBL Challenge Cup.
BBL Challenge Cup winners (2008–2009)
The 2008–09 season looked to become the turning point for Sakalai. Under new coach Nerijus Zabarauskas, Sakalai won the BBL Challenge Cup, defeating VEF Rīga 84–77 in the finals, and making a comeback to the BBL Elite division - where they fought, but lost, to Nevėžis Kėdainiai. Sakalai were led by their young core, consisting of Arvydas Šikšnius, who was the Challenge Cup MVP, Šarakauskas, Vilmantas Dilys, Laurynas Samėnas and Arnas Labuckas. Rolandas Matulis still played with the team, while Kučiauskas retired after the 2007–08 season and became the club director for Sakalai. In the LKL, Sakalai finished in seventh place, and qualified for the LKL playoffs, losing to Lietuvos rytas in the quarterfinals. Though a very successful season for Sakalai, this season did not become a comeback for the team.
Decline (2009–2013)
Over the next few seasons, the team completely plummeted. Club director and longtime player Kučiauskas became the head coach for the team. During the summer, much of the young core left the team, with only Samėnas remaining. Skaisgirys and Sirvydis returned to the team, with Sirvydis still showing great form and becoming team leader. In the BBL Challenge Cup, Sakalai played disappointingly, not even coming close to reaching their previous season heights. In the LKL, for the first time in club history, Sakalai didn't even qualify for the LKL playoffs. During this time, Sakalai also lost much of their popularity in Vilnius, with Lietuvos rytas and BC Perlas becoming the most popular teams in Vilnius. The ninth-place finish was the worst for Sakalai at the time.
In the 2010–11 season, Kučiauskas remained as head coach, while Andrius Giedraitis returned to the team as an assistant coach. During the season, Arnas Butkevičius made their pro debut, while more young players for the team like Augustas Pečiukevičius and Ovidijus Varanauskas played a lot more solidly. Sirvydis and Matulis still lead the team. After a disappointing start, Rūtenis Paulauskas briefly returned to the team, taking over as head coach. Sakalai finished the season in 11th place in the LKL, and once again failed to qualify for the BBL Challenge Cup playoffs.
Before the 2011–12 season, Sakalai signed Kazys Maksvytis as the new head coach for the team. Maksvytis had coached the Lithuanian U16, U18 and U19 teams, winning gold medals in both the European and World championships. Sakalai also signed Deividas Pukis, who was one of the team leaders. Maksvytis gave more playing time for the young players of the team, such as Butkevičius, Samėnas, Evaldas Baniulis and Pukis, while also playing veterans Sirvysis and Matulis. While in the LKL, Sakalai did not have much success, finishing in 10th place, they did have success in the BBL Challenge Cup, where they reached the playoffs and won third place.
The 2012–13 season turned out to be the last one for Sakalai. Over the last few seasons, Sakalai had many financial issues. During the summer, Maksvytis left the team, and former coach Romualdas Petronis returned to become the head coach for the team, while Sirvydis, who retired in the summer, became the assistant head coach. Rolandas Matulis remained for the team, for the 19th season, with only playing one season away, in 2001–02, with Žalgiris. During the season, players like Justas Sinica briefly returned to the team, but left just as quick due to the financial situation. Edvinas Šeškus and Paulius Dambrauskas, on loan from Lietuvos rytas, suffered season ending injuries, while much of the talented young players, like Pukis and Butkevičius, left during the summer. Sakalai played disappointingly in both the BBL, and the LKL. After conflicts with management, coach Petronis resigned, and Sirvydis finished the season as head coach. In the LKL, Sakalai finished in 10th place. Due to the financial issues, Sakalai were suspended by the LKL for the 2013–14 season, and were dissolved in the summer of 2014.
Season by season
Notable players
Andrius Giedraitis 1994–1999
Ramūnas Šiškauskas 1996–1998
Dainius Šalenga 1998–2000
Saulius Kuzminskas 1999–2000
Alvydas Pazdrazdis 1999–2000
Simas Jasaitis 2000–2001
Mindaugas Lukauskis 2001–2002
Marius Prekevičius 2001–2002
Renaldas Seibutis 2003–2005
Martynas Gecevičius 2004–2007
Mindaugas Kuzminskas 2006–2007
Championships
Lithuanian Basketball A League champions: 1994
Baltic Basketball League Challenge Cup champions: 2009
References
1991 establishments in Lithuania
2013 disestablishments in Lithuania
Basketball teams established in 1991
Sport in Vilnius
Thomas Stehle (born 26 October 1980) is a German defender who is currently a free agent.
References
1980 births
Living people
German footballers
1. FC Nürnberg players
Alemannia Aachen players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
SC Pfullendorf players
Association football defenders
People from Überlingen
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
District 9 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Coos, Douglas, Lane, and Lincoln counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Boomer Wright of Reedsport.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Coos County, Oregon
Douglas County, Oregon
Lane County, Oregon
Lincoln County, Oregon
The Mortal Storm is a 1937 novel by the British writer Phyllis Bottome. An anti-Nazi novel it depicts the impact of Adolf Hitler's regime on a German family, and their conversion to resistance against the Third Reich.
Film adaptation
In 1940 it was made into the film The Mortal Storm by the Hollywood studio MGM, directed by Frank Borzage and starring Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart and Robert Young.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Spiro, Mia. Anti-Nazi Modernism: The Challenges of Resistance in the 1930s Fiction. Northwestern University Press, 2012.
1937 British novels
Novels by Phyllis Bottome
Novels set in Germany
Faber and Faber books
British novels adapted into films
Diana Quijano Valdivieso (born April 12, 1962) is a Peruvian actor and model.
Filmography
Television
Parientes a la fuerza (Telemundo, 2021 ) as Michelle Bonnet
La Hija Prodiga (TV Azteca, 2017-2018) As Matilde Salamanca.
Nuestra Historia (TV PERU, 2015) As Ivette.
De Millonario a Mendigo (IMIZU PRODUCCIONES,2015) As Ivett del Carpio.
Tierra de reyes (Telemundo, 2014) as Beatriz “La Nena” Alcazar de la Fuente.
Dama y obrero (2013) as Gina Perez
Niñas mal 2 (MTV Latinoamérica, 2013) as Macarena de la Fuente.
La Prepago (Sony - 2012) as Lia Rochel
Los herederos del Monte (Telemundo, 2011) as Sofía Cañadas.
Niñas mal (MTV Latinoamérica, 2010) as Maca.
Bella calamidades (Telemundo, 2009) as Regina de Galeano.
Victoria (Telemundo, 2007-2008) as Camila Matiz.
Sin Vergüenza (Telemundo, 2007) as Memé del Solar.
Al Son del Amor (WAPA-TV, 2005) as Silvia.
Prisionera (Telemundo, 2004) as Lucero "Lulú" de Ríobueno.
Gata Salvaje (Venevisión, 2002) as Sonia.
Secreto de amor (Venevisión, 2001) as Isolda García.
La Revancha (Venevisión, 2000) as Lucía Arciniegas.
Morelia (Televisa, 1995) as Alexa Ramírez "La Gata".
Guadalupe (Telemundo, 1993-1994) as Drogadicta.
Mala mujer (Frecuencia Latina, 1991) as Silvia Rivasplata.
El hombre que debe morir (Panamericana Televisión, 1989) as Esther Keller.
No hay por quien llorar (1988) as Secretaria.
Theatre
"Vanya Y Sonya Y Masha Y Spike (2015-2016) Plan 9.
"Te comió la lengua el Ratón" (2015) Microteatro como Morgana.
Tr3s (2014) como Rocio Moreno
Que Depresion Post Parto ni que Carajo (2014) Monologo
Un Tranvia llamado Deseo (2013) Blanche Dubois
Ocho Mujeres(2012) as Pierrette.
Carmín, el Musical (2011) as Claudia Menchelli
La Lechuga (2002-2003) as Virginia
El tio Mauricio (2001) as Bailarina.
Daniela Frank', libreto para una función clandestina"' (1993) como Daniela
Pataclaun en la ciudad (1992) como MUDA.
Cronicas Imakinarias (1991) as Coreografo/Bailarina.
Catherine et l'armoire (1991) as MUTANTE FEMENINO.
Sexus (1989) as Coreografias bailarina.
Acero Inoxidable (1987) as Coreografias y Teatro Danza "Bailarina".
Nina de ningunos ojos (1985) as Creación Colectiva "La niña del cuento".
Film
Cuatro Altares (2018) Director Alonso del Río, as “Bertha Stein”
Forgiveness (2018) Director Alex Kahaum, “as The Keeper”
La Fundación de Lucía (2018) Director Gabriel Reyes, as Art Critic
South Beach Dreams (2006) Director Errol Falcon, as Felicia Torres.
Zona de Miedo (2006) Director Pamela Yates Documental-Narracion.
Los Díaz de Doris (1999) Director Abdiel Colbert, como Amneris López.
Cotidiano 1992 Director Marité Ugaz as la mujer.
La manzanita del diablo (1990) as La Gata.
Fire in the Amazon (1991) Journalist.
Furias (1991) as La Amante.
Raquel (1991) as Raquel.
Se sienten pasos (1991) as Ladrona.
Welcome to Oblivium (1990) as Radio.
Crime Zone (1989) as PoliceWoman 2.
Health issues
On June 29, 2022, Quijano publicly disclosed that they were diagnosed with breast cancer.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
People from Lima
Peruvian female models
Peruvian film actores
Peruvian stage actores
Peruvian telenovela actores
20th-century Peruvian actores
21st-century Peruvian actores
Actresses from Lima
Obermichelbach is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Fürth (district)
Louis Napoléon Champagne (November 21, 1860 – October 15, 1911) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Quebec. They represented Wright in the House of Commons of Canada from 1897 to 1904 as a Liberal.
They were born in Saint-Eustache, Canada East, the son of Charles Champagne and their wife Aglaé. They were educated at the Séminaire de Saint-Hyacinthe and the Université Laval. Champagne was admitted to the Quebec bar in 1882 and set up practice in Hull. They served as solicitor for the town of Hull and was mayor in 1893 and 1896. Champagne was also bâtonnier for Ottawa district. They were first elected to the House of Commons in an 1897 by-election held after Charles Ramsay Devlin was named trade commissioner to Ireland. Champagne was reelected in the 1900 federal election. In 1904, they were the named judge in the Quebec Superior Court for the newly formed Pontiac district. They were transferred to the Ottawa district in 1910. They died in Ottawa at the age of 50.
References
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Judges in Quebec
Mayors of Hull, Quebec
1860 births
1911 deaths
People from Saint-Eustache, Quebec
Université Laval alumni
James Hardy Fuller (November 28, 1950) is a former professional baseball player. They played two seasons with the Baltimore Orioles and one season with the Houston Astros. They were drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 2nd round of the 1970 amateur draft. In three seasons they played 107 games and compiled a .194 career batting average with 11 home runs.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baltimore Orioles players
Houston Astros players
People from Bethesda, Maryland
Baseball players from Maryland
San Diego City Knights baseball players
Miami Marlins (FSL) players
Miami Orioles players
Asheville Orioles players
Rochester Red Wings players
Charleston Charlies players
Iowa Oaks players
Omaha Royals players
Columbus Clippers players
International League MVP award winners
Point Loma High School alumni
Off Centaur Publications was the first "commercial" filk label. It was founded in 1980 by Teri Lee, Jordin Kare, and Catherine Cook. For a short time, Off Centaur produced high quality recordings of some of filk's best performers, and changed the course of filk music.
Like some other filk labels the name was a pun, in this case upon the idiom "off center" meaning eccentric, odd, or unusual -- all of which could be considered legitimate characterizations of filk music. (Other filk labels have included Wail Songs, Unlikely Publications, and Random Factors, illustrating the style of self-deprecating humor common among these publishers.)
Releases from this label are very difficult to find. At an Interfilk auction at FilKONtario, a copy of Horse-Tamer's Daughter was sold for CA$400.00. Admittedly, since these are charity auctions to support the filk community, prices at Interfilk auctions do tend to run higher than typical. However, Off Centaur tapes are commonly considered "unobtainium" since few have been republished or re-created, and the best do tend to command collector prices.
Off Centaur Publications was inducted into the Filk Hall of Fame in 1995.
Notable albums and performers
A Wolfrider's Reflections, Songs Of Elfquest by Cynthia McQuillin, Mercedes Lackey, Leslie Fish, Julia Ecklar (1984)
Cold Iron by Leslie Fish (lyrics by Rudyard Kipling) (1983)
The Best of Chi-con IV - anthology, recorded live at the 1982 Worldcon
Minus Ten and Counting: Songs of the Space Age
Horse-Tamer's Daughter by Julia Ecklar
Singer in the Shadow by Cynthia McQuillin
Captain Jack and the Mermaid by Meg Davis
Lovers, Heroes & Rogues by Michael Longcor
On a Bright Wind by Kathy Mar (1984)
Murder, Mystery and Mayhem anthology, lyrics by Mercedes Lackey (1985)
Past Due by Bill Sutton (1986)
Rebel Yells—anthology, recorded live at the 1986 Worldcon
Where No Man...—a collection of Star Trek filk songs (1987)
Books
Westerfilk Collection
See also
List of record labels
Notes
External links
Library listing
Filk FAQ OCP catalog numbers
American record labels
Record labels established in 1980
Filk music
The Dalsa Origin is the first camera designed and built by Dalsa Corporation to be used specifically for digital cinematography.
Overview
The Dalsa Origin is the first commercially available digital cinema camera to capture at 4K resolution, the emerging quality standard for feature film content.
The camera was originally shown at the NAB Show 2003 in Las Vegas, where Dalsa received four industry awards for innovation. The camera initially became available for testing in 2006, and was available for rental for $3000 per day, including storage, from the company's camera rental facility in Woodland Hills, which was established in mid-2005. In November 2006, the company hired digital cinema pioneer, Rob Hummel, as President of the Dalsa Digital Cinema.
The camera is well-suited for visual effects photography employing digital compositing and travelling matte photography on larger budget productions. The system was developed by a collective group, including cinematographer, and founder of Cinema Products Ed DiGiulio. During the development of the DALSA Origin camera it was tested by members of the filmmaking world including Daryn Okada, ASC, Allen Daviau, ASC and various members of the commercial and VFX industries.
In 2007 the Origin camera was upgraded to the production version of the camera, and re-branded Origin II. The Origin II upgrade features improved image quality from DALSA's latest generation frame transfer CCD sensor, and a simplified touch screen interface.
Technical details
The camera has a resolution of 4K (4096×2048) at a relatively high bit depth. The camera outputs an uncompressed, RAW Bayer pattern 16-bit image, which was considerably higher than other cameras which are limited to 8, 10 or 12 bits. This results in a linear exposure latitude equivalent to more than 13 stops.
The final configuration of the camera can run 1–30 frames per second. The Origin II camera features an optical reflex viewing system with rotating mirror similar to 35 mm film cameras and uses standard PL mount 35 mm film gate lenses. The camera is approximately the same size and weight as an average 35 mm film cameras with a 400' magazine.
The camera outputs raw data to an off board storage unit at a rate of approximately 400 megabytes per second. The Origin II connects to the storage unit by a rugged, thin, and flexible mil-spec fiber optic cable. This fiber cable can be run for over a mile without any signal degradation or repeating. The storage unit that has been used most often was the Codex Digital recorder, which could hold about two hours of uncompressed 4K camera RAW footage. In January 2008 S.Two began shipping the DFR4K recorder, which can also capture images from the Origin II camera and similar 2K and 4K models. S.Two also manufactured a system of 4K workflow products that are compatible with the Origin II camera's 4K images.
Filmography and commercial projects
The camera was successfully used in a number of projects including "Postcards from the Future", directed by Alan Chan and shot by Eric Adkins; a Snickers commercial, directed by Jesse Dylan and shot by Rolf Kestermann; a beer commercial by Curtis Clark, ASC; a Greenpeace commercial, shot by Florian Stadler; a Motorola commercial, shot by Byron Werner; a short entitled "The Trident", directed by Anurag Mehta and shot by David Stump, ASC; "She Called Up", a music video for the band Crowded House shot by Damian Acevedo; a promo for ABC 7 Eyewitness News, shot by Mark Zavad; "Reach for Me" a feature film directed by LeVar Burton and shot by Kris Kosskove; and most recently a British short, "Drop", directed by Gavin Toomey and shot by Tom Debenham, starring Russell Tovey.
Also, the James Bond film, Quantum of Solace, featured a complex visual effects shot captured with eight DALSA 4K Origin cameras, though was largely shot on conventional 35mm negative. The company revealed that the technically ambitious visual effects shot featured Daniel Craig and actor Olga Kurylenko, and involved simultaneously shooting with eight shutter-synchronized DALSA Origin 4K cameras.
Two remaining Dalsa Origin Cameras currently reside in Ryerson University's Digital Cinema Research Lab (a collaborator with Dalsa's research in Toronto, Canada) where they were used in production of research material demonstrating 4K resolution, and a short 3D test production called "Banana Jam" was created by the Lab's Director Richard Grunberg.
Workflow overview
While any professional off-line NLE can be used with the Origin II proxy images, in the relatively short life of the camera system Final Cut Pro had been the most popular. Just like performing a digital intermediate with 35mm film, any on-line editing system that can access DPX, TIFF or Cineon file types can be used to on-line the 4K images captured with the Origin II.
Availability
The Dalsa Origin II is no longer available. Dalsa discontinued the Digital Cinema division in 2008. The Origin II was available via a rental-only model similar to Panavision.
See also
Arriflex D-20
Genesis (Panavision)
RED Digital Cinema
Codex Digital
References
External links
Digital movie cameras
Cameras introduced in 2003
Axel Hermansen Cappelen (20 July 1858 – 13 November 1919) was a Norwegian surgeon.
They were born in Selje as a son of district physician Johan Nicolay Cappelen (1818–1890) and Elisabeth Brunchorst Ravn (1825–1906). Their brother Christian was also a physician, and through him, Axel was an uncle of Minister of Justice Johan Cappelen.
They attended Bergen Cathedral School and finished their secondary education in 1876. They graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.med. degree in 1883. After spending the four last months of 1884 at Rikshospitalet, they moved to Kabelvaag in 1885 to become the municipal physician of Vaagan. Here they married Johanne Marie Kaarbø in 1886. They had one daughter and three sons. One of their sons, Thor, also became a physician and was the father of architect Per Cappelen.
In 1889 Axel Cappelen was hired at Nordre Trondhjem County Hospital in Namsos. They remained here for the next years, and was also the acting district physician of East Lofoten in 1888–1889 as well as acting district physician of Fosen in 1891. After a period in the surgical department at Rikshospitalet from 1893 to 1896 they served as chief physician at Stavanger Hospital from 1897 until their death.
At Rikshospitalet they are credited with performing the first surgery on a human heart on 4 September 1895. The patient needed emergency surgery due to a knife wound. Cappelen accessed the thoracic cavity by cutting through the fourth rib. They repaired the wound of the left ventricle where the patient had sustained the stab wounds from the left side of their chest. After two days of intensive care, the patient died of coronary occlusion and not because of the repairing of the heart. At the autopsy the wound was found to be satisfactorily closed.
They were a fellow of the German Society of Surgery. In August 1918 they were decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav. They died in November 1919 from meningitis. A bust of them was unveiled outside of Stavanger Hospital in 1934.
References
1858 births
1919 deaths
People educated at the Bergen Cathedral School
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian cardiac surgeons
Oslo University Hospital people
Neurological disease deaths in Norway
Infectious disease deaths in Norway
Deaths from meningitis
People from Sogn og Fjordane
Axel
The Philadelphia Quartermaster Depot, now known as the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, was founded as the Schuylkill Arsenal in 1799.
History
The Schuylkill Arsenal was built in 1800 to function as a quartermaster and provide the U.S. military with supplies. One of its most famous tasks was outfitting the Lewis and Clark Expedition. It was the third federal facility in the young nation.
The arsenal made clothing and flags for all the military's needs for the next 150 years.
In 1926 the Schuylkill Arsenal was renamed the Philadelphia Quartermaster Depot. The original site at Grays Ferry Avenue and Washington Avenue was closed and the site was razed in 1963. The functions of the Quartermaster Depot were all moved to West Oregon Avenue & South 22nd Street
In 1965 the operation was reorganized into the Defense Personnel Support Center. In 1993 the government closed the textile factory and moved the remaining part of the South Philadelphia operation to the Naval Support Station in Northeast Philadelphia. It was renamed the Defense Supply Center Philadelphia (DSCP) in 1998, and was renamed Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, or DLA Troop Support, in 2010.
The Philadelphia Quartermaster Depot consists of eleven extant buildings built between 1939 and 1942. The buildings are of varying heights and sizes, but are consistently clad in tan or brown brick and are in the Art Deco-style.
Placement of this property on the National Register of Historic Places
Philadelphia's application to place the Philadelphia Quartermaster Depot on the National Register of Historic Places was reviewed by the Historic Preservation Board of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission at its meeting on October 6, 2009, along with applications for: the Hamburg Historic District in Hamburg, Pennsylvania, the Hamnett Historic District in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, the Newville Historic District in Newville, Pennsylvania, the Pennsylvania State Office Building in Philadelphia, the Experimental and Safety Research Coal Mines in Allegheny County's South Park Township, and the Cheney Farm, Hopewell Farm, and Chandler Mill Road Bridge in Chester County.
The Philadelphia Quartermaster Depot was then officially listed on the National Register of Historic Places later in 2010.
See also
Philadelphia Naval Asylum
Defense Logistics Agency
Philadelphia Navy Yard
United States Army Quartermaster Corps
External links
QM Museum
Historic American Buildings Survey documentation:
References
Buildings and structures in Philadelphia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Philadelphia
Military facilities on the National Register of Historic Places in Philadelphia
Art Deco architecture in Pennsylvania
Quartermasters
United States Department of Defense agencies
Pennsylvania state historical marker significations
South Philadelphia
The international solo singing competition "Lazar Jovanović" is an annual opera competition held in Belgrade. It is one of the most important and largest opera competitions in Serbia and in this part of Europe. It features solo singers of all ages who may or may not be educated within the official music education system, and welcomes over a hundred participants from a dozen countries each year. The competition is of an international character and is named after the famous Serbian opera singer Lazar Jovanović. The owner and organizer of the competition is the Cultural Element organization.
History
The competition was founded in 2003 as part of the work of the Music Society "Stanković" in honor of the famous Serbian tenor Lazar Jovanović. From its founding until 2015, it was held in the premises of the Music School Stanković. Then, due to the exceptional increase in importance and significance, it has been held since 2016 under the auspices of the Cultural Element organization, which introduces organizational and artistic novelties, and which moves the competition from the halls of music school to the Ilija M. Kolarac Endowment. Every year, the competition welcomes over a hundred participants from almost ten countries. So far, some of the biggest names in the domestic and world music scene and pedagogy have appeared in the competition jury, and the winners of the competition have confirmed themselves as excellent musicians in recent years, conquering world concert podiums and opera stages.
References
External links
https://takmicenjelazarjovanovic.com/
Opera competitions
Singing competitions
Mai Bakhtawar Lashari Shaheed (Sindhi: مائي بختاور لاشاري شهيد) was a farmworker who was murdered during a landlord/tenant confrontation. Them death helped prompt legal changes to improve the rights of farmers.
Early age
Bakhtawar was born in 1880 in the village of Dodo Khan Sarkani, near Roshan Abad, Taluka Tando Bago, Badin District, Sindh, in what was then British India. They were the only child of Murad Khan Lashari. In 1898, Bakhtawar married Wali Mohammad, a peasant working on the Ahmadi Estate. The couple had four children: Mohammad Khan, Lal Bukhsh, Mohammad Siddique and daughter Rasti.
Movement for peasants' rights
Before the Partition of India, the agricultural population in Sindh was divided in two classes. The landlords owned lands that had been awarded to them by the Hindu Raj as political bribes, The peasants worked the land, receiving a small reward for their labors. At the time of yield, the landlords would seize most of the yield, leaving a small amount of crop to the farmers.
Bakhtawar's village was the property of an Ahmadi who owned forty thousand acres of land, known as the “Ahmadi Estate”. An agrarian activist, Hyder Bux Jatoi, called for a conference of farmers to demand that they receive a half share of the yield. The Hari Conference in started in Judho on 22 June 1947. Close to ten thousand farmers and workers went to conference, including all the men in Dodo Khan Sarkani.
Confrontation
On 22 June 1949, the last day of the Hari conference, the Ahmadi Muslims Qudiani decided to seize 1,20,000 kilograms of flour from Dodo Khan Sarkani while the village men were still absent. When the Ahmadi Muslims and their men arrived at the village, they were confronted by Bakhtawar, an old disabled man and other women. The villagers asked the Ahmadi Muslims to wait on taking the flour until the village men returned from the conference.
In a rage, Choudhry Saeedullah and their manager Choudhry Khalid ordered one their men to shoot Mai Bakhtawar was killed instantly . Them body was taken to town Samaro for postmortem rites and buried there.
Success after death
In 1950, a law was passed by the Government of Pakistan that forced landlords to have of the yield to the farmers. Saeedullah, the nephew of then Pakistani foreign minister Muhammad Zafarullah Khan, and Khalid were sentenced to 20 years of imprisonment for killing of Mai Bakhtwar by Court.
Acknowledgements
Islamkot International Airport in islamkot was named after Mai Bakhtawar
Government of Sindh has named Bakhtawar on concerned Union Council of Kunri Taluka
Two schools are also named after them
Government and non government organizations are awarding their best performance awards on the name of Mai Bakhatawar Lashari Shaheed''.
See also
Rai Ahmad Khan Kharal
Nizam Lohar
Hemu Kalani
Kadu Makrani
Ajab Khan Afridi
Bhagat Singh
References
1880 births
1947 deaths
Sindhi people
People from Badin District
Pakistani women activists
Pakistani activists
Women farmers
St Augustine's and Our Lady of Good Counsel College (Coláiste na Dea Comhairle), New Ross, known as "Good Counsel College" by its students and residents of the local area, is an all-boys secondary school in County Wexford, Ireland, which caters for over 850 students. It was founded and is now conducted by the Irish Augustinians. It is one of only two secondary schools in Ireland under the order of the Augustinians, with the other being in Dungarvan, Co. Waterford. It is the largest school in New Ross. The current principal is Mark O Brien, who assumed the post in 2013, after the principal Fr. John Hennebry O.S.A. took the position of Provincial of the Order of Saint Augustine.
Patron saint
The College is named in honour of the 4th-century saint Augustine of Hippo, a philosopher and theologian whose writings were very influential in the doctrinal development of Western Christianity.
Other English-speaking Augustinian schools with the same patron include one in Richland, New Jersey and one in San Diego, California – both in the United States; Colegio San Agustin-Bacolod, Colegio San Agustin, Biñan and Colegio San Agustin, Makati in the Philippines; a school in Malta, another Irish one in Dungarvan, and one in Sydney, Australia.
History
Since it was established in its present form in 1256, the Augustinian Order throughout the world has viewed involvement in education as an important part of its apostolate. Beginning in the 1790s, the Augustinians made various attempts to establish colleges in New Ross, but due to adverse political and economic circumstances their efforts met with a limited degree of success until 1890, when Good Counsel College was established. From 1890 until 1980, the old Good Counsel College stood in the heart of New Ross. It was a small boarding school which catered for students from all parts of Ireland.
With the educational revolution in the 1960s, the scene changed dramatically. Student numbers increased greatly, the great majority of them being local day-students. A greatly expanded curriculum placed increasing demands on the existing facilities. Accordingly, a new college was constructed on the outskirts of the town and opened its doors as the new "Counsel" in 1984. Since then the college has grown further with the addition of a technology block (Villanova), a new classroom block (Cascia), and a large sports hall with gymnasium named after the past rector of the college, Fr. John Cosgrave, O.S.A.. More recently, four floodlit astro turf pitches have been added. Catering today for over 850 boys, Good Counsel College continues to provide an education in the Augustinian tradition.
Facilities
Facilities include a refectory, assembly hall, sports centre including an indoor sports hall and gymnasium, learning support centre, technology block, first year block and various playing fields including three GAA pitches, two rugby pitches, a soccer pitch and four astroturf pitches. There are two basketball/tennis courts behind the sports hall.
The APEX Gym & Swimming Pool is located on the grounds of Good Counsel College.
Former students
Notable former students include:
Ger Aylward, hurler
Ben Brosnan, Wexford football captain and business person
Pádraic Delaney, actor
Dermot Desmond, business person and financier
Kevin Doyle, former professional footballer
Tadhg Furlong, Ireland and Leinster rugby player
Aidan O'Brien, racehorse trainer
Matthew O'Hanlon, Wexford hurling captain
John Paul Phelan, Fine Gael TD
Maverick Sabre, recording artist
Walter Walsh (hurler), Kilkenny hurler
Sport
In 1999 the school secured the Senior Colleges A Football Championship and won the Hogan Cup, the premier trophy for colleges' Gaelic football.
Sources
Thomas C. Butler, O.S.A., "Near Restful Waters – The Augustinians in New Ross and Clonmines". (Dublin & Kildare, 1975). Mob
External links
International Order of St. Augustine
Text of the Rule of St. Augustine
Catholic Encyclopedia entry for the "Hermits of St Augustine"
Order of the Hermit Friars of St. Augustine (O.S.A.)
Official Good Counsel website
Boys' schools in the Republic of Ireland
Catholic secondary schools in the Republic of Ireland
Augustinian schools
Secondary schools in County Wexford
New Ross
1890 establishments in Ireland
Educational institutions established in 1890
In the theory of orthogonal functions, Lauricella's theorem provides a condition for checking the closure of a set of orthogonal functions, namely:
Theorem. A necessary and sufficient condition that a normal orthogonal set be closed is that the formal series for each function of a known closed normal orthogonal set in terms of converge in the mean to that function.
The theorem was proved by Giuseppe Lauricella in 1912.
References
G. Lauricella: Sulla chiusura dei sistemi di funzioni ortogonali, Rendiconti dei Lincei, Series 5, Vol. 21 (1912), pp. 675–85.
Theorems in functional analysis
The O'Connor Cup may refer to:
HEC O'Connor Cup/Michael O'Connor Cup, a Ladies' Gaelic football intervarsity competition.
O'Connor Cup, awarded to the winners of the Munster Senior Club Football Championship.
Michael O'Connor Cup, awarded to the winners of the Kerry Club Football Championship.
O'Connor Cup, a trophy awarded at the Head of the River regatta.
Liam O'Connor Cup, an inter county under-20 Gaelic football competition.
Tom O'Connor Cup, featuring Ladies' Gaelic football teams affiliated with London GAA
James O'Connor Cup, featuring teams affiliated with Leinster Rugby.
Winshill is a civil parish in the district of East Staffordshire, Staffordshire, England. The parish contains four listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The parish is in the eastern part of the town of Burton upon Trent. The listed buildings consist of a former flour mill and an associated building, a milepost, and a church.
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Staffordshire
In mathematics, more precisely in group theory and hyperbolic geometry, Arithmetic Kleinian groups are a special class of Kleinian groups constructed using orders in quaternion algebras. They are particular instances of arithmetic groups. An arithmetic hyperbolic three-manifold is the quotient of hyperbolic space by an arithmetic Kleinian group.
Definition and examples
Quaternion algebras
A quaternion algebra over a field is a four-dimensional central simple -algebra. A quaternion algebra has a basis where and .
A quaternion algebra is said to be split over if it is isomorphic as an -algebra to the algebra of matrices ; a quaternion algebra over an algebraically closed field is always split.
If is an embedding of into a field we shall denote by the algebra obtained by extending scalars from to where we view as a subfield of via .
Arithmetic Kleinian groups
A subgroup of is said to be derived from a quaternion algebra if it can be obtained through the following construction. Let be a number field which has exactly two embeddings into whose image is not contained in (one conjugate to the other). Let be a quaternion algebra over such that for any embedding the algebra is isomorphic to the Hamilton quaternions. Next we need an order in . Let be the group of elements in of reduced norm 1 and let be its image in via . We then consider the Kleinian group obtained as the image in of .
The main fact about these groups is that they are discrete subgroups and they have finite covolume for the Haar measure on . Moreover, the construction above yields a cocompact subgroup if and only if the algebra is not split over . The discreteness is a rather immediate consequence of the fact that is only split at its complex embeddings. The finiteness of covolume is harder to prove.
An arithmetic Kleinian group is any subgroup of which is commensurable to a group derived from a quaternion algebra. It follows immediately from this definition that arithmetic Kleinian groups are discrete and of finite covolume (this means that they are lattices in ).
Examples
Examples are provided by taking to be an imaginary quadratic field, and where is the ring of integers of (for example and ). The groups thus obtained are the Bianchi groups. They are not cocompact, and any arithmetic Kleinian group which is not commensurable to a conjugate of a Bianchi group is cocompact.
If is any quaternion algebra over an imaginary quadratic number field which is not isomorphic to a matrix algebra then the unit groups of orders in are cocompact.
Trace field of arithmetic manifolds
The invariant trace field of a Kleinian group (or, through the monodromy image of the fundamental group, of an hyperbolic manifold) is the field generated by the traces of the squares of its elements. In the case of an arithmetic manifold whose fundamental groups is commensurable with that of a manifold derived from a quaternion algebra over a number field the invariant trace field equals .
One can in fact characterise arithmetic manifolds through the traces of the elements of their fundamental group. A Kleinian group is an arithmetic group if and only if the following three conditions are realised:
Its invariant trace field is a number field with exactly one complex place;
The traces of its elements are algebraic integers;
For any in the group, and any embedding we have .
Geometry and spectrum of arithmetic hyperbolic three-manifolds
Volume formula
For the volume an arithmetic three manifold derived from a maximal order in a quaternion algebra over a number field we have the expression:
where are the discriminants of respectively, is the Dedekind zeta function of and .
Finiteness results
A consequence of the volume formula in the previous paragraph is that
This is in contrast with the fact that hyperbolic Dehn surgery can be used to produce infinitely many non-isometric hyperbolic 3-manifolds with bounded volume. In particular, a corollary is that given a cusped hyperbolic manifold, at most finitely many Dehn surgeries on it can yield an arithmetic hyperbolic manifold.
Remarkable arithmetic hyperbolic three-manifolds
The Weeks manifold is the hyperbolic three-manifold of the smallest volume and the Meyerhoff manifold is the one of next smallest volume.
The complement in the three—sphere of the figure-eight knot is an arithmetic hyperbolic three—manifold and attains the smallest volume among all cusped hyperbolic three-manifolds.
Spectrum and Ramanujan conjectures
The Ramanujan conjecture for automorphic forms on over a number field would imply that for any congruence cover of an arithmetic three-manifold (derived from a quaternion algebra) the spectrum of the Laplace operator is contained in .
Arithmetic manifolds in three-dimensional topology
Many of Thurston's conjectures (for example the virtually Haken conjecture), now all known to be true following the work of Ian Agol, were checked first for arithmetic manifolds by using specific methods. In some arithmetic cases the Virtual Haken conjecture is known by general means but it is not known if its solution can be arrived at by purely arithmetic means (for instance, by finding a congruence subgroup with positive first Betti number).
Arithmetic manifolds can be used to give examples of manifolds with large injectivity radius whose first Betti number vanishes.
A remark by William Thurston is that arithmetic manifolds "...often seem to have special beauty." This can be substantiated by results showing that the relation between topology and geometry for these manifolds is much more predictable than in general. For example:
For a given genus g there are at most finitely many arithmetic (congruence) hyperbolic 3–manifolds which fiber over the circle with a fiber of genus g.
There are at most finitely many arithmetic (congruence) hyperbolic 3–manifolds with a given Heegaard genus.
Notes
References
Kleinian groups
3-manifolds
Hyperbolic geometry
Number theory
Riemannian manifolds
Verride Palace, or the Palace of Santa Catarina, (Portuguese: Palácio de Verride; Palácio de Santa Catarina) is an 18th-century Portuguese palace located in Lisbon, Portugal.
History
Located in the Santa Catarina parish in Lisbon, the palace was built in the 18th century.
In 2003, the palace was acquired for its architecture.
In 2010, the palace became the seat of POP UP LISBOA 2010, an urban artistic movement.
In December 2017, the former palace made its debut as a newly-restored, ultra-chic, 19-room boutique hotel called Verride Palacio de Santa Catarina, in which there's a rooftop bar and gastropub overlooking the Tagus, a swimming pool and a restaurant, Criatura.
Sources
Former Palace Santa Catarina Lisbon: history, art gallery, international ‘Pop Up' festival & popular viewpoint Adamastor near the Tagus River
Câmara de Lisboa desiste de Santa Catarina e procura novo espaço para Museu do Design (In Portuguese)
POP UP LISBOA 2010 OCUPA PALÁCIO VERRIDE (In Portuguese)
Pop Up Lisboa 2010 (In Portuguese)
Palaces in Lisbon
The Obelisco de Buenos Aires (Obelisk of Buenos Aires) is a national historic monument and icon of Buenos Aires. Located in the Plaza de la República in the intersection of avenues Corrientes and 9 de Julio, it was erected in 1936 to commemorate the quadricentennial of the first foundation of the city.
History
Construction began on March 20, 1936, and it was finished on May 23 of the same year. It was designed by architect Alberto Prebisch (one of the main architects of the Argentine modernism who also designed the Teatro Gran Rex, in Corrientes and Suipacha) at the request of the mayor Mariano de Vedia y Mitre (appointed by president Agustín Pedro Justo). For its construction, which cost 200,000 pesos moneda nacional, of concrete and of Olaen white stone from Córdoba were used.
The obelisk was built by the German company G.E.O.P.E. - Siemens Bauunion - Grün & Bilfinger, which completed its work in a record time of 31 days, with 157 workers. The rapid hardening Incor cement was used and was built in sections of to facilitate the dumping of concrete.
Its height is , and of these are up to the initiation of the apex, which is . The tip is blunt, measuring and ends in a lightning rod that cannot be seen because of the height; its cables run through the interior of the obelisk.
It has only one entrance (on its west side) and on its top there are four windows, that can only be reached by a straight staircase of 206 steps with 7 breaks every .
On February 20, 1938, Roberto María Ortiz succeeded Justo as President and appointed Arturo Goyenche as the new mayor of the city. In June 1939 the City Council sanctioned the demolition of the Obelisco, citing economic, aesthetic and public safety reasons. However, the ordinance was vetoed by the municipal executive power, characterizing it as an act without merit and juridical content, because it alters the state of things emanated by the executive power, and that it was a monument under the jurisdiction and custody of the Nation and is part of its heritage.
Where the Obelisk stands, there was a church dedicated to St. Nicholas of Bari; it was demolished. In that church the Argentine flag was officially hoisted for the first time in Buenos Aires, in 1812. That fact is noted in one of the inscriptions on the north side of the monument.
As a result of the detachments of sheets of stone covering, which occurred on the night of June 20–21, 1938, the day after a public event with the presence of president Ortiz took place there. It was decided to remove such cladding in 1943 and was replaced by another one made of polished cement, making cracks to simulate the joints of the stones. When the slabs were removed, a legend that said "Its architect was Alberto Prebisch" was also removed.
In 1973, it was decorated as a Christmas tree. In 1975, during the Peronist government of Isabel Perón, a ring-shaped rotating sign was hung around the obelisk, with the motto El silencio es salud (Silence is health). Although it was allegedly geared against motorists creating excessive noise, it was widely interpreted as a statement calling Argentines to refrain from expressing their political views.
Throughout its history, the monument has suffered vandalism, especially politically oriented graffiti. In the 1980s, an activist group broke in and spilled paint from the top windows, causing the city government to erect a fence around its base in 1987. This move stirred controversy, but eventually proved effective in reducing the number of defacing incidents.
On 1 November 2005 it was announced that a comprehensive restoration, financed by the Argentine painting and restoration industry association (Ceprara), was finished. The monument was painted with 90-micrometre acrylic paint to a "Paris stone" hue, deemed more pleasant than the previously used white.
On December 1, 2005, the obelisk was covered by a giant pink condom to commemorate the World AIDS Day.
To commemorate the 30th anniversary of the La Noche de los Lápices, the monument was converted into a giant pencil.
Lines B, C, and D of the Buenos Aires Metro have stations near the monument, and are connected by a number of underground passages with commercial galleries.
The Obelisco hosted the opening ceremony of the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics.
Inscriptions on its sides
At the base of the south face, in a very small rectangle, this sonnet written by Baldomero Fernández Moreno during a tribute dinner in the Alvear Palace Hotel to Prebisch:
El Obelisco
¿Donde tenía la ciudad guardada
esta espada de plata refulgente
desenvainada repentinamente
y a los cielos azules asestada?
Ahora puede lanzarse la mirada
harta de andar rastrera y penitente
piedra arriba hacia el Sol omnipotente
y descender espiritualizada.
Rayo de luna o desgarrón de viento
en símbolo cuajado y monumento
índice, surtidor, llama, palmera.
La estrella arriba y la centella abajo,
que la idea, el ensueño y el trabajo
giren a tus pies, devanadera.
Special occasions
See also
Washington Monument
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20100603194157/http://otrosmovil.clarin.com/ciudades/capital_federal/Luces-colores-cambian-entorno-Obelisco_0_271772976.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20110706083419/http://bsas.gov.ar/areas/med_ambiente/obelisco_01.php
External links
Article on restoration
Google Maps
Buildings and structures completed in 1936
National Historic Monuments of Argentina
Obelisks in Argentina
Terminating vistas
Tourist attractions in Buenos Aires
Monuments and memorials in Buenos Aires
San Nicolás, Buenos Aires
Communist Party of the Menadores (in Spanish: Partido Comunista de los Menadores, 'menadores' is a certain trade of spinners) is a political party in the municipality of Callosa de Segura, province of Alicante, Spain. PCM is listed at the election authorities . The party was registered on June 5, 2001.
PCM contested the 2003 municipal elections in Callosa de Segura. The party got 94 votes (0.94%) and no seat.
References
Political parties established in 2001
Menadores
Political parties in the Valencian Community
2001 establishments in Spain
Myka Meier (born 27 June 1982) is an American-British entrepreneur, etiquette coach, and author.  They are the founder of Beaumont Etiquette and co-founder of the Plaza Hotel's Finishing Program. Meier has authored two books, Modern Etiquette Made Easy: A Five-Step Method to Mastering Etiquette and Business Etiquette Made Easy: The Essential Guide to Professional Success.
Biography
Meier was born on 27 June 1982 in Sarasota, Florida. They grew up in a middle class family. They have a bachelor's degree from the University of Florida. They began taking etiquette courses after working abroad in communications. They mentored under a former member of the royal household of Elizabeth II. They went on to train in Continental European, British, and American etiquette at the Institut Villa Pierrefeu, a finishing school in Glion, Switzerland.
In 2014 Meier founded Beaumont Etiquette, a consultancy firm based in New York.  They are the co-founder of the Plaza Hotel's Finishing Program, which is held at the hotel. They teach The Duchess Effect, an etiquette class inspired by the manners of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. Them classes involve dining etiquette, hostessing, business etiquette, and royal protocol.
In 2020, Meier's first book Modern Etiquette Made Easy: A Five-Step Method to Mastering Etiquette sold out worldwide twenty-four hours after being released on January 21, 2020. Them second book, Business Etiquette Made Easy: The Essential Guide to Professional Success, is set to be released on May 5, 2020. They were named an official partner of Downton Abbey: The Exhibition in America.
They have been called "America's Queen of Good Manners" and "America's First Lady of Manners" by The Times, and "The Marie-Kondo of Etiquette" by The Evening Standard. They have been featured in Vogue, Town & Country, Harper's Bazaar, Elle Decor, InStyle, People, Fast Company, and Brides. They have also made appearances on Good Morning America and The Today Show.
Myka coined the royal etiquette term "The Duchess Slant", now an internationally recognized term for how a royal sits.
Meier is a dual citizen of the United States and the United Kingdom. Them husband, Marco Meier, is Swiss business person. They have one daughter, Valentina, and one son, Maximillan, and live in New York City.
Myka is the godmother Christopher Woolf Mapelli Mozzi, the son of Dara Huang and Count Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and stepson of Princess Beatrice of York.
References
Living people
1982 births
21st-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century British non-fiction writers
American instructional writers
American self-help writers
American women non-fiction writers
British instructional writers
British women non-fiction writers
Etiquette writers
People from Sarasota, Florida
University of Florida alumni
Writers from Florida
21st-century American women writers
For the Summer Olympics, there are 88 venues that have been or will be used for modern pentathlon.
References
Venues
Pen
Ten is a Spanish free-to-air television channel run by Central Broadcaster Media, belongs to Grupo Secuoya.
History
In October 2015, Grupo Secuoya was announced as one of the winning companies of a digital terrestrial television license. Subsequently, the group announced that the television channel would have a general family programming.
On December 24, 2015 the test signals of the channel began, which was called "10". On February 18, 2016, the official name of the channel was announced: "Ten". In addition to the start of emissions for April 21, 2016.
Between April 2016 and April 2018, the channel maintained its own programming, to be later withdrawn, as of that month, it only broadcast five programs, in addition to home shopping spaces and tarot programs, this as a result of the poor economic results derived from a low audience.
On October 30, 2018, an agreement between Grupo Secuoya and Mediapro for the management of the channel's programming was announced and thus seek an improvement in viewers' rates.
In February 2020, the channel suffered an audience crisis due to the change in broadcast frequencies, losing half of its daily viewers. At the end of 2020, the channel began another process of remodeling its programming when it decided to bet on American television series as Monk or House, and Hispanic talk shows like Caso Cerrado, in addition to eliminating the tarot and home shopping spaces.
Programming
Ten's programming is based on entertainment. Especially reality shows and docudramas are broadcast. In addition to some television series as Law & Order: UK, Law & Order: Criminal Intent and In Ice Cold Blood.
References
External links
Television stations in Spain
Television channels and stations established in 2016
Spanish-language television stations
Dražan Jerković (; 6 August 1936 – 9 December 2008) was a Yugoslav and Croatian professional football manager and player. Their professional playing career spanned from 1954 to 1966, during which they played for Dinamo Zagreb and AA La Gantoise.
Their first name is sometimes (incorrectly) spelled "Dražen". They were born in Šibenik, at the time in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Playing career
Club
Jerković played for Dinamo Zagreb (1954–65). Severe injuries forced them to retire early, at the height of their career. With Dinamo they won the league title in 1958, and league cup in 1960 and 1965. In 315 games for Dinamo, they scored 300 goals.
International
They played internationally for Yugoslavia between 1960 and 1964, scoring 11 goals in 21 games. They participated in the 1960 European Championship and the 1962 FIFA World Cup. They were also part of the Yugoslav squad for the 1958 FIFA World Cup, but did not play.
In UEFA Euro 1960, they scored two goals against France in the semifinal, which Yugoslavia won (5–4). In the final, Yugoslavia lost against USSR (1–2; AET), finishing second.
In the 1962 FIFA World Cup, Jerković scored four goals and was, with five other players, the top goalscorer, winning the World Cup Golden Boot. Yugoslavia finished in fourth place. In the quarter-final, Yugoslavia beat Germany, while in the semifinal they lost to Czechoslovakia (1–3) and lost to Chile in the third place match (0–1).
Jerković played in a single international match with Croatia, as the Croatia national team was assembled in communist Yugoslavia once for a friendly against Indonesia in 1956. Their final international was a September 1964 friendly match against Austria.
Managerial career
They were also the first manager of the Croatia national team since independence, between 1990 and 1992.
They died on 6 December 2008 in Zagreb.
Career statistics
Club
International
References
Nogometni leksikon (2004, in Croatian)
1936 births
2008 deaths
Sportspeople from Šibenik
Association football forwards
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Croatian footballers
Croatia international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
1960 European Nations' Cup players
1958 FIFA World Cup players
1962 FIFA World Cup players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
K.A.A. Gent players
Yugoslav First League players
Belgian First Division A players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Yugoslav football managers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb managers
FC Kärnten managers
HNK Cibalia managers
NK Zagreb managers
Yugoslavia national football team managers
Croatian football managers
Croatia national football team managers
Yugoslav expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Austria
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Robin Reed may refer to:
Robin Reed, wrestler
Robin Reed (meteorologist)
See also
Robin Reid (disambiguation)
Lomba is a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes das Flores on the island of Flores in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. The population in 2021 was 200, in an area of .
History
The religious parish, since 1698, was established to the invocation of Saint Cajetan of Thiene, at the time a population of 750 residents (during the 19th century).
Geography
The civil parish is located on the east-southeast coast of the island, and confined by the parishes Fazenda (to the south) and Caveira (in the north), approximately 5 kilometers from the municipal seat, along the margins of Ribeira da Silva on the border of the municipality. Its taxonomy was derived from its location; Lomba was located on a high precipice over the ocean, delimited by valleys on either side (lomba is the Portuguese term for hill), and was once called Lomba da Boa Vista.
Architecture
Civic
Agricultural sheds Rua do Cabeço ()
Fountain of Lomba ()
Hayloft of Quateiro ()
Port of Lomba ()
Residence of Maurício Vieira ()
Residence Rua da Terra Chã ()
Religious
Church of São Caetano (), the parochial church dates to 1698, but the current structure was constructed during the 18th century, based on a common three-register structure prevalent in the region, that includes a steeple/belfry.
Funeral Monumento ()
Império of the Divine Holy Spirit of Lomba ()
References
Freguesias of Lajes das Flores
The College of Engineering and Applied Science is the engineering and applied science college of the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is the birthplace of the cooperative education (co-op) program and still holds the largest public mandatory cooperative education program at a public university in the United States. Today, it has a student population of around 4,898 undergraduate and 1,305 graduate students and is recognized annually as one of the top 100 engineering colleges in the US, ranking 83rd in 2020.
History
College of Engineering
The creation of the College of Engineering first began with the appointment of a Professor of Civil Engineering in 1874 and the organization of a Department of Engineering at the University of Cincinnati. Established as a college of the university in 1900, the College of Engineering's first dean was Harry Thomas Cory. In 1923 a six-year cooperative program was added in general engineering which led to dual degrees: a bachelor of engineering and a master of science. The college began offering courses in engineering through its own evening division in 1924 and by 1926 grew to include course work in applied arts. In the 1950s the college began to offer graduate instruction in every department. A joint project with the Engineer's Council for Professional Development and local industry provided opportunities for engineers to pursue graduate degrees without leaving their jobs. In 1995, new class and research space was created with the opening of the Engineering Research Center, which was designed by architect and UC alum Michael Graves.
College of Applied Science
The College of Applied Science was an applied science college at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio. Organized as the Ohio Mechanics Institute (OMI) in 1828, it merged with UC in 1969 and was renamed the OMI College of Applied Science in 1978. Formally the school was referred to as the College of Applied Science, CAS offered programs in the engineering technologies and related areas.
The first cooperative education (co-op) program
By 1906, Dean Herman Schneider established the first cooperative education (co-op) program in the United States. The program was established to support Theory with Practice, the belief being that engineers who graduated with both classroom instruction and practical training would be better prepared and have a better foundation to be successful in the practice of engineering. The college allows students to choose either an industry or a research track co-op. The program continues to be the largest mandatory cooperative education program at a public university in the United States and is annually ranked as one of the top 5 programs in the country. Additionally, this program has proven so successful in preparing graduates for their careers that more than 1,000 schools offer forms of it today.
Programs
The College offers programs spread across seven departments. Except for the Department of Engineering Education which focuses on the Freshman curriculum, all Departments offer PhD programs, Masters of Science, Masters of Engineering, and Bachelors Programs.
Aerospace Engineering
Aerospace Engineering
Engineering Mechanics
Fire Science
Biomedical Engineering
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical Engineering and Environmental Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Environmental Engineering
Environmental Science
Civil and Architectural Engineering and Construction Management
Architectural Engineering
Civil Engineering
Construction Management
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
Computer Engineering
Computer Science
Electrical Engineering
Electrical Engineering Technology
Engineering Education
Cybersecurity Engineering
Engineering Education
Freshman Engineering Programs
Research in Teaching and Learning
Course Development
Learning Center
Mechanical & Materials Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering Technology
Materials Engineering
ACCEND Program
The College of engineering and Applied Science also offers an ACCelerated ENgineering Degree program where students can graduate in 5 years with a bachelor's and master's degree. Students work with their academic adviser during their first year to determine if this program is suitable for them. Several of the programs offer MBA degrees in conjunction with the Lindner College of Business. the program options are listed below:
Aerospace with Aerospace master's, Aerospace with MBA, Chemical with Chemical master's, Chemical with MBA, Chemical with Materials master's, Civil with MBA, Civil with Environmental master's, Energy & Materials with MBA, Mechanical with MBA, Electrical with Computer Eng master's, Electrical with Electrical master's, Mechanical with Mechanical master's
Research Centers & Institutes
Aerosol and Air Quality Research Lab
Advanced Materials Characterization Center
Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Operations
Center for Global Design & Manufacturing
Center for Medical Device Innovation & Entrepreneurship (MDIEP)
Center for Mobile and Distributed Computing
Center for Intelligent Propulsion and Advanced Life Management of Systems (CIPALMS)
Center for Robotics Research
Center for Surgical Innovation
Cleanroom
Collaboratory for Medical Innovation and Implementation
Digital Design Environments Laboratory (DDEL)
Environmental Analysis Service Center
National Science Foundation Industry University Cooperative Research for Intelligent Maintenance Systems (IMS)
National Science Foundation (NSF) Engineering Research Center for Revolutionizing Metallic Biomaterials
Next Mobility Lab
Ohio Center for Microfluidic Innovation
Radiological Assessment & Measurement Lab
Siemens Simulation Technology Center
Sustainable Solutions Laboratory
UC Simulation Center
Research Labs
Center Hill Research Center
Located at Center Hill Research Center, the Large Scale Test Facility (UCLSTF) is a state-of-art laboratory for testing of large-scale structural projects. The laboratory is served by a 30-ton overhead crane with a 5-ton auxiliary hook, and two 60-gallon per minute pumps. This facility is equipped with computerized controllers capable of controlling an array of sensors to allow testing of large to full-scale structural components and systems. The laboratory has a machine shop for fabrication of specimens, test fixtures, etc. and is equipped to allow testing of full-scale bridge girders and other linear elements up to 100' long, and full-scale buildings up to 2 stories high.
UC Simulation Center
The UC Simulation Center is a collaboration between UC CEAS and Procter & Gamble. Its purpose is to support undergraduate students (coops) and graduate students in doing research for Procter & Gamble. The intent is to not only provide short-term lower-cost simulation to P&G, but also to provide a source of highly trained experts in simulation, making them desirable for employment by Procter & Gamble. The center is also built around the next generation of students, utilizing virtual collaboration to enable flexibility in the working hours for the students.
Rankings
The College of Engineering and Applied Science is regularly ranked as one of the top engineering schools in the country. In the 2011 U.S. News & World Report rankings, the college was ranked 78th in the U.S.
2007 Faculty Scholarly Productivity Index
Environmental Engineering, 6th in the U.S.
Biomedical Sciences, 9th in the U.S.
U.S. News & World Report
Computer Engineering, 77th in the U.S.
Computer Science, 112th in the U.S.
Electrical Engineering, 89th in the U.S.
Environmental Engineering, 20th in the U.S.
Aerospace Engineering, 31st in the U.S.
Industrial Engineering, 37th in the U.S.
Civil Engineering, 48th in the U.S.
Materials Engineering, 50th in the U.S.
Mechanical Engineering, 60th in the U.S.
Facilities
Baldwin Hall
Baldwin Hall was built in 1911 and is the headquarters for administration and academic classrooms. The building reopened in January 2002 after extensive renovations with computing laboratories, electronic classroom, and seminar rooms.
Rhodes Hall
Rhodes Hall was built adjacent to Baldwin Hall to accommodate the expansion that took place in the 1970s. The building provides faculty offices, undergraduate and graduate laboratories, and a 12,000 sq. ft. high bay area. In fall of 2011, construction will begin on the 10,000 sf CEAS Alumni Learning Center in Rhodes Hall which will include labs, research space, and areas for students, professors, and alumni to gather and collaborate.
Mantei Center (formerly Engineering Research Center)
Opened in 1995, this facility houses state-of-the-art research laboratories and offices for graduate students and faculty. It is conveniently located adjacent to the existing engineering complex and was designed to look like a 4-cylinder engine. It was recently renamed to honor distinguished professor Thomas Mantei.
Old Chemistry Building
Used for offices, classrooms, and laboratories. Many engineering departments, and UC colleges, share the space for research, administration, instruction, and program support.
References
External links
University of Cincinnati College of Engineering and Applied Science official site
History of the College of Engineering
University of Cincinnati Simulation Center
Cooperative Engineer, Student & Alumni Publication from 1921 to 1975
Engineering schools and colleges in the United States
Engineering universities and colleges in Ohio
University of Cincinnati
Educational institutions established in 1874
1874 establishments in Ohio
Dransfeld is a town in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 12 km west of Göttingen.
Dransfeld is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Dransfeld.
Infrastructure
Traffic
Bundesstraße 3 runs through Dransfeld connecting it to Göttingen and Hann. Münden and to Bundesautobahn 7, one of the most important motorways in Germany. Bundesautobahn 38 to Halle and Leipzig is also nearby.
Local bus line 120 runs from Göttingen to Hann. Münden up to every 30 minutes and there are several other lines to nearby villages.
The nearby train station in Göttingen is part of the Schnellfahrstrecke Hannover/Würzburg and has regular ICE stops and multiple daily connections to Berlin, Hamburg, Munich, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Basel.
Tourism
There is an outdoor pool including a camping area south of the town.
Born in Dransfeld
Johannes Jeep, (1581/1582 – 1644), German organist, choirmaster and composer
References
Towns in Lower Saxony
Göttingen (district)
Keep Your Soul: A Tribute to Doug Sahm is a 2009 tribute album to the late Doug Sahm, released on Vanguard Records.
History and critical reception
Sahm died of a heart attack, in Taos, New Mexico, on November 18, 1999, days after their 58th birthday. As co-producer Bill Bentley recalls, "Shawn Sahm and I tried to do a tribute album right after Doug Sahm died in 1999, but it was just too soon. Ten years later, we found a partner in Vanguard Records, through David Katznelson, and it all fell together."
The album, described as "a warm evocation of Sahm's spirit and sensibility, how they effortlessly encompassed almost every element of Texan music", was favourably reviewed:
Bookended by Sir Doug's two best-known songs — "She's About a Mover", here performed by Little Willie G., the vocalist for Thee Midniters and Malo, supported by Ry Cooder among others, and "Mendocino," performed by Sahm's son Shawn...(t)he order of the day isn't reinterpretation, it's celebration, and there are many joyful performances here, highlighted by Los Lobos' relaxed, breezy "It Didn't Even Bring Me Down", Delbert McClinton's easy-rolling "Texas Me", Jimmie Vaughan's glorious slow crawl through "Why, Why, Why" (and) Joe "King" Carrasco's rollicking "Adios Mexico" supported by the Texas Tornados...
According to another reviewer,
...it would be difficult to imagine a more deserving candidate (for a tribute album) than Doug Sahm. ...Sahm's vision, which coupled the tangled roots of rock ‘n' roll with the rhythms and spirit of Tex-Mex, is both broad enough to facilitate the tributes of a diverse range of artists, and specific enough to make it all hang together. ...As a tribute album, this set does the intended work of sending us back to the original recordings with fresh ears—and that may well be the best possible measure of its success.
Track listing
She's About a Mover - Little Willie G.
It Didn't Even Bring Me Down - Los Lobos
Too Little Too Late - Alejandro Escovedo
You Are For Real - Greg Dulli
Dynamite Woman - Dave Alvin
Ta Bueno Compadre (It's OK Friend) - Flaco Jiménez with the West Side Horns
Texas Me - Delbert McClinton
I'm Not That Kat Anymore - Terry Allen
Why, Why, Why - Jimmie Vaughan
You're Doin' It Too Hard - Charlie Sexton & the Mystic Knights of the Sea
Nuevo Laredo - The Gourds
Be Real - Freda & the Firedogs
Adios Mexico - Joe "King" Carrasco & Texas Tornados
Mendocino - Shawn Sahm
I Wanna Be Your Mama Again Sarah Borges and The Broken Singles
References
2009 albums
Vanguard Records albums
Tribute albums
The 1964 Hillingdon Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Uxbridge, Hayes and Harlington Urban District, Ruislip-Northwood Urban District and Yiewsley and West Drayton Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Hillingdon by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 162 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 18 wards. These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties, while the Liberals stood 33 candidates. Other candidates included 5 Independents and 4 Communists. There were 10 three-seat wards, 7 four-seat wards and 1 two-seat ward.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got 7 aldermen and the Conservatives 3.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 12 after winning 36 of the 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 43.4%. This turnout included 769 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Ram Vitthal Satpute is National Vice President of BJYM and a Member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly (Vidhan Sabha) elected from Malshiras (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
Early life and education
Ram Satpute was born on 12 March, 1988 to a Marathi Hindu family of cane harvesters in Doithan Village, Ashti Taluka, district Beed, Maharashtra state. Ram's family belongs to the Scheduled Caste (SC) community.
Ram's father Vitthal Satpute worked as a cobbler at bus-stop of their village. As a child, Ram helped their parents in cane harvesting while they were working in a sugar factory. They were introduced to Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh in their school days. Ram completed their school education from Beed district. With guidance from local officials of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, they moved to Pune City for higher education.
They completed their Diploma in Printing Technology from PVG's Maharashtra Institute of Printing Technology. In 2015, Ram received a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Printing Technology from Pune Vidhyarthi Griha's College of Engineering and Technology affiliated to Savitraibai Phule Pune University.
Student Activism
Ram entered student activism during their college days through Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad. They led protest marches for student rights and against commercialization of education. While working for the organization for nearly a decade, Ram was elected as the State Secretary of Maharashtra State in 2016. They have also led protests against corruption in education department by government officers. In 2017, Ram led a protest rally to raise the issue of improper health infrastructure for students in Savitribai Phule Pune University.
Anti Naxal Movement
Right from their initial days in student activism, Ram has spearheaded Anti-Naxal movement across Maharashtra. In 2011, Ram led Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad activists to protest against Binayak Sen, who is accused of having links with Naxal organizations. They have also exposed and thwarted attempts by Naxal front organizations like Kabir Kala Manch to create base among college students in Maharashtra.
Political career
Ram entered Bharatiya Janata Party as the Vice President of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha. They started helping the deprived people through various welfare schemes of State Government of Maharashtra. They were nominated as candidate from Malshiras (Vidhan Sabha constituency) for Maharashtra Legislative Assembly elections 2019. They won the contest by defeating heavyweight politician Uttam Jankar contesting from Nationalist Congress Party.
People's Welfare Activities
From the beginning of Ram's political career, they have practiced a work-culture of using all resources to help the weaker sections of society. They had risen to fame when they helped a senior citizen to get government-sanctioned ration after 20 years by directly talking to concerned government officers. Ram also has raised the issue of equal distribution of irrigation water, especially to drought-ridden regions.
References
Maharashtra politicians
Living people
Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad
1988 births
Weiss/Manfredi is a multidisciplinary New York City-based design practice that combines landscape, architecture, infrastructure, and art. The firm's notable projects include the Seattle Art Museum's Olympic Sculpture Park, the Brooklyn Botanic Garden Visitor Center, the Tata Innovation Center at Cornell Tech, the Singh Center for Nanotechnology at the University of Pennsylvania, the Museum of the Earth, the Embassy of the United States, New Delhi, and Hunter's Point South Waterfront Park.
History
Marion Weiss and Michael Manfredi met in the late 1980s while working for Mitchel Giurgola Architects, LLP. In 1989, after both had left the firm and were working architecture professors, Weiss and Manfredi entered a design competition for the Women in Military Service for America Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery, which they eventually won, and founded Weiss/Manfredi. Prior to founding the firm, Weiss received their Master of Architecture at Yale University and their Bachelor of Science in Architecture from the University of Virginia. At Yale, they won the American Institute of Architects Scholastic Award and the Skidmore, Owings and Merrill Traveling Fellowship. In 2017, they were selected for Architectural Records's Women in Architecture Design Leader Award.
Manfredi received their Master of Architecture at Cornell University where they studied with Colin Rowe. They won the Paris Prize, was selected as a Cornell Fellow, and was awarded an Eidlitz Fellowship. Both Weiss and Manfredi are National Academy inductees and fellows of the American Institute of Architects.
Weiss/Manfredi has received an Academy Award for Architecture from the American Academy of Arts and Letters, an Architectural League Emerging Voices award, the New York AIA Gold Medal of Honor, the New York AIA President's Award, the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Award for Architecture Design, and the Thomas Jefferson Foundation Medal in Architecture.
Notable projects
Weiss/Manfredi's design was chosen for the Museum of the Earth in Ithaca, New York. The project was completed in 2003, and in 2004 won an American Institute of Architects (AIA) Excellence in Design Award and an Honor Award for Architecture.
The firm's design for the Seattle Art Museum's Olympic Sculpture Park, awarded by international competition, was recognized as the 'Nature' category winner at the World Architecture Festival and won the I.D. Magazine Environments 'Best in Category' Design Award. The project, completed in 2007, has also won a Progressive Architecture Award, multiple AIA Awards, an ASLA Honor Award, the EDRA Places Award, and was the first North American project to be awarded Harvard University's International Veronica Rudge Green Prize in Urban Design. The firm's design for The Diana Center, a multi-use arts building at Barnard College won a national design competition and a Progressive Architecture Award. Upon its completion in 2010, the Diana Center also won the New York State AIA Best Building Award as well as a National AIA Honor Award.
In 2012, Weiss/Manfredi won a national competition to redesign the Washington Monument Grounds at the National Sylvan Theater. The work of Weiss/Manfredi also includes the Brooklyn Botanic Garden Visitor Center, the University of Pennsylvania Krishna P. Singh Center for Nanotechnology, Kent State University Center for Architecture and Environmental Design, the Tata Innovation Center at Cornell Tech, a Visitor and Reception Pavilion and Oncology building for Novartis, and Hunter's Point South Waterfront Park. In 2015, they were commissioned by the Department of State to design the United States Embassy in New Delhi.
Exhibitions
The firm's work has been exhibited internationally including the "Groundswell" show at The Museum of Modern Art. Their work has also been exhibited at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum, the National Building Museum, Max Protetch Gallery, Harvard University, Yale University, University of Pennsylvania, Columbia University, the Van Alen Institute, the Architectural League of New York, Storefront for Art and Architecture, the Essen Germany Design Center, the São Paulo International Biennial, the European Landscape Biennial, and the Venice Architecture Biennale.
Other activities
Weiss is the Graham Chair Professor of Architecture and tenured faculty member at the University of Pennsylvania and has also taught design studios at Harvard University, Cornell University and Yale University as the Eero Saarinen visiting professor. Manfredi is a Senior Design Critic at Harvard University, a founding board member of the Van Alen Institute, and a board member for the Storefront for Art and Architecture. They have also taught design studios at Yale University as the Eero Saarinen Visiting Professor, Cornell University, the University of Pennsylvania, Princeton University, and the Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies.
Bibliography
References
External links
Official website
Weiss/Manfredi Vimeo
Architecture firms based in New York City
American people of Italian descent
Architects from New York City
Cornell University faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Yale School of Architecture alumni
Absalom Backus Earle (1812–1895), also known as A. B. Earle, was an American Baptist pastor, evangelist and author, well-known for their public meetings in US and Canada. They were born in Charlton, New York, USA in 1812 and later moved to Amsterdam, New York where they pastored a church for 5 years.
Life and Ministry
Earle was converted in 1828 at the age of 16. In 1830, two years after their conversion, they started preaching and studying the Bible. When they were 21 years, A. B. Earle was ordained at Amsterdam, New York, where they preached for 5 years. Following their pastoral work, they became an evangelist for 58 years, visiting every state in the US, three provinces in Canada and the British Isles. They crossed 325,000 miles, preached 19,780 times, and 150,000 persons professed conversions in their meetings in the United States and Canada. They died at their home in Newton, Massachusetts, on March 30, 1895, at 83 years of age.
Works
Abiding Peace
Bringing in the Sheaves
Evidences of Conversion
Incidents used by Rev. A. B. Earle in their meetings|
Rest of Faith
Revival Hymns
The Human Will
Two Sermons
Winning Souls
Work of an Evangelist: Review of Fifty Years
References
External links
Deeper experiences of famous Christians by Lawson Gilchrist
The Charismatic Movement by John Rice
1812 births
1895 deaths
American evangelists
Christian revivalists
19th-century American writers
Anthropologica is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal and the official publication of the Canadian Anthropology Association, published by University of Victoria Libraries. It was established in 1955 and the editor-in-chief is Alexandrine Boudreault-Fournier (University of Victoria).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
References
External links
Online access at Project MUSE
Publications established in 1955
Biannual journals
English-language journals
Anthropology journals
Charles Ambroise de Caffarelli du Falga (1758–1826), baron Caffarelli, was canon of Toul before the French Revolution and one of the Caffarelli brothers. They became prefect under the First French Empire, then a member of the general counsel of Haute-Garonne. They were notably Prefect of the Ardèche, Calvados and Aube.
On February 24, 1814, Napoléon issued an imperial order discharging them of their post as Prefect of l'Aube.
The quai Caffarelli and cours Caffarelli in Caen are named after him.
They wrote an "Abrégé des Géoponiques" (summary of the Geoponica attributed to Cassianus Bassus), Paris, 1812.
Sources
Dictionnaire Bouillet
References
1758 births
1826 deaths
People from Haute-Garonne
French people of Italian descent
18th-century French Roman Catholic priests
Barons of the First French Empire
Prefects of France
Prefects of Ardèche
Prefects of Calvados (department)
Prefects of Aube
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Padala Glacier, Sentinel Range
Padesh Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Padpadak Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Paisiy Peak, Livingston Island
Pakusha Cove, Smith Island
Palakariya Cove, Liège Island
Palilula Glacier, Brabant Island
Pamidovo Nunatak, Oscar II Coast
Panagyurishte Nunatak, Greenwich Island
Panega Glacier, Livingston Island
Panicheri Gap, Sentinel Range
Papazov Island, Astrolabe Island
Papazov Passage, Biscoe Islands
Papiya Nunatak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Paprat Peak, Brabant Island
Paramun Buttress, Nordenskjöld Coast
Parangalitsa Peak, Sentinel Range
Parchevich Ridge, Greenwich Island
Paril Saddle, Livingston Island
Parlichev Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Paroriya Buttress, Alexander Island
Parvomay Neck, Greenwich Island
Pasarel Island, Aitcho Islands
Pascin Point, Livingston Island
Pashuk Glacier, Smith Island
Paspal Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Passy Peak, Livingston Island
Pastra Glacier, Trinity Island
Pastrogor Peak, Sentinel Range
Pate Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Patleyna Glacier, Sentinel Range
Patmos Peak, Bastien Range
Patresh Rock, Robert Island
Pautalia Glacier, Livingston Island
Pavlikeni Point, Greenwich Island
Pazardzhik Point, Snow Island
Pegas Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Pelikan Island, Trinity Island
Pelishat Point, Greenwich Island
Peperuda Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Perelik Point, Robert Island
Peristera Peak, Sentinel Range
Perivol Rock, Snow Island
Perkos Dome, Danco Coast
Pernik Peninsula, Loubet Coast
Perperek Knoll, Livingston Island
Mount Persenk, Nordenskjöld Coast
Perunika Glacier, Livingston Island
Peshev Ridge, Livingston Island
Peshtera Glacier, Livingston Island
Pesyakov Hill, Livingston Island
Peter Peak, Livingston Island
Petko Voyvoda Peak, Livingston Island
Petkov Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Petleshkov Hill, Astrolabe Island
Petrelik Island, Anvers Island
Petrich Peak, Livingston Island
Petroff Point, Brabant Island
Petrov Ridge, Danco Coast
Petvar Heights, Sentinel Range
Peychinov Crag, Oscar II Coast
Peyna Glacier, Graham Coast
Phanagoria Island, Zed Islands
Pimpirev Beach, Livingston Island
Pimpirev Glacier, Livingston Island
Pindarev Island, Rugged Island
Pingvin Rocks, Snow Island
Piperkov Point, Elephant Island
Pipkov Glacier, Alexander Island
Pirdop Gate, Livingston Island
Pirgos Peak, Oscar II Coast
Pirin Glacier, Davis Coast
Pirne Peak, Oscar II Coast
Pirogov Glacier, Brabant Island
Pisanitsa Island, Greenwich Island
Pishtachev Peak, Danco Coast
Pistiros Lake, Livingston Island
Piyanets Ridge, Alexander Island
Pizos Bay, Nordenskjöld Coast
Plakuder Point, Pickwick Island
Plana Peak, Livingston Island
Plas Point, Graham Coast
Pleven Saddle, Livingston Island
Pleystor Glacier, Liège Island
Pliska Ridge, Livingston Island
Ploski Cove, Tower Island
Plovdiv Peak, Livingston Island
Podayva Glacier, Brabant Island
Podem Peak, Brabant Island
Podgore Saddle, Sentinel Range
Podgumer Col, Trinity Peninsula
Poduene Glacier, Danco Coast
Podvis Col, Davis Coast
Pogledets Island, Livingston Island
Poibrene Heights, Oscar II Coast
Polezhan Point, Liège Island
Polich Island, Astrolabe Island
Pomorie Point, Livingston Island
Ponor Saddle, Sentinel Range
Mount Pontida, Alexander Island
Mount Popov, Foyn Coast
Popovo Saddle, Smith Island
Pordim Islands, Robert Island
Porlier Bay, Livingston Island
Povien Bluff, Trinity Peninsula
Predel Point, Anvers Island
Preker Point, Trinity Island
Prelez Gap, Trinity Peninsula
Presian Ridge, Livingston Island
Preslav Crag, Livingston Island
Presnakov Island, Low Island
Prespa Glacier, Livingston Island
Prestoy Point, Graham Coast
Priboy Rocks, Robert Island
Prilep Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Príncipe de Asturias Peak, Vinson Massif
Pripek Point, Graham Coast
Pripor Nunatak, Alexander Island
Prisad Island, Low Island
Prisoe Cove, Livingston Island
Probuda Ridge, Sentinel Range
Progled Saddle, Sentinel Range
Prosechen Island, Livingston Island
Prosenik Peak, Sentinel Range
Proteus Lake, Greenwich Island
Provadiya Hook, Greenwich Island
Pulpudeva Glacier, Sentinel Range
Purmerul Peak, Loubet Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Thomas Moore (1759July 11, 1822) was a member of the United States House of Representatives and planter from South Carolina.
Born in the Spartanburg District of the Province of South Carolina, Moore served during the Revolutionary War, taking part in the Battle of Cowpens at the age of 16. They served in the South Carolina House of Representatives to 1794 to 1799. In 1800, they were elected a Democratic-Republican to the seventh congress, serving from 1801 to 1813. They served as a brigadier general in the War of 1812 and afterwards engaged in planting. Moore was one of the founders of the first high schools in Spartanburg District. In 1814, they were elected to the Fourteenth Congress, serving again from 1815 to 1817. Afterwards, they resumed engaging in agricultural pursuits. They owned slaves. They died near Moores Station of Spartanburg County, South Carolina, in 1822 and was interred in Moore's Burying Ground.
According to one source, they were the brother of the legendary hero of Cowpens, Kate Barry.
References
External links
1759 births
1822 deaths
People from Spartanburg County, South Carolina
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from South Carolina
Members of the South Carolina House of Representatives
Farmers from South Carolina
American planters
American slave owners
United States Army generals
South Carolina militiamen in the American Revolution
United States Army personnel of the War of 1812
Sahabzada Muhammad Mehboob Sultan is a Pakistani politician who had been the Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research, in office from 5 October 2018 to 18 November 2019. They have been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018.
Previously, they were member of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2013.
Personal life
 They are a descendant of Sultan Bahoo.
Political career
Sultan was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-91 (Jhang-VI) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 53,545 votes and defeated Faisal Saleh Hayat.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-91 (Jhang-VI) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 75,803 votes and defeated Atta Ullah Khan, a candidate Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-91 (Jhang-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 87,048 votes and lost the seat to Najaf Abbas Sial.
In March 2018, they joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-114 (Jhang-I) as a candidate of PTI in 2018 Pakistani general election. They received 106,043 votes and defeated Faisal Saleh Hayat, a candidate Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
On 5 October 2018, Sultan was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Imran Khan and was appointed as Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research.
References
External Link
More Reading
List of members of the 15th National Assembly of Pakistan
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistan Muslim League (Q) MNAs
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MNAs
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
1971 births
Jee Ick-Joo was a South Korean business person kidnapped by two police officers and on October 18, 2016 and later found dead within the grounds of Camp Crame, the headquarters of the Philippine National Police (PNP). A funeral parlor cremated their remains and flushed their ashes down a toilet
Killing
South Korean Jee Ick-Joo, a business person, along with their house helper, was reportedly kidnapped by two unidentified men from Jee's residence in Friendship Plaza Subdivision, Angeles City on October 18, 2016. After their arrest, the kidnappers—who turned out to be members of the Philippine National Police (PNP)—accused Jee of being involved in the illegal drug trade. Jee's wife, Choi Kyung-jin, made the statement that the kidnappers Patrick Joseph Banez demanded a ransom of , and they reportedly paid on October 30, 2016. They said they did not give the kidnappers the remaining when they failed to present proof that Jee was still alive. The house helper was released the day after they and Jee were kidnapped.
Philippine authorities held an investigation into Jee's death, the result of which was relayed to South Korean authorities. The result of the investigation stated that Jee died due to strangulation, on the same day they were kidnapped, within the grounds of Camp Crame of the PNP. On January 17, 2017, the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) went to a funeral parlor in Bagbaguin, Caloocan where the body of Jee Ick-Joo was believed to have been brought. Their remains were cremated and their ashes were flushed down the toilet.
Jee Ick-Joo's wife said that eight armed men, including SPO3 Ricky Santa Isabel, who is linked to the PNP Anti-Illegal Drugs Group, were involved in the kidnapping. They alleged that the group took their personal property, including jewelry and passports. Jee's househelper was also named as a suspect by the Angeles city police after they were found to have used a false name and been working at Jee's household for only two days. The house helper is the main witness in the case.
On February 3, according to PNP Chief Ronald Dela Rosa, unscrupulous members of the PNP and NBI could be behind the killing of Jee. Dela Rosa told the reporters at Camp Crame that "the picture is getting clearer and hopefully, the truth will soon come out".
The suspects of the kidnapping and killing, including Supt. Rafael Dumlao III, SPO4 Roy Villegas, Jerry Omlang, Gerardo Santiago SPO3 Ricky Sta. Isabel, were arrested in 2017. In a 29 January 2017 late evening press conference, Dumlao was named by Rodrigo Duterte to be the mastermind in the abduction and murder and was given 24 hours to surrender. Four of them, except Sta. Isabel, entered not guilty pleas to the charges filed before Judge Irineo Pangilinan Jr. at the Regional Trial Court Branch 58 here on 31 May 2019. Judge Pangilinan ordered a plea of not guilty be entered into the court record for Sta. Isabel. Being detained in 2018 inside the jail facility of the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) in Manila (Sta. Isabel and Omlang) and Camp Crame (Dumlao), the suspects requested to be transferred to the facility of the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) in Angeles City on the grounds of threats to their safety. In May 2019, the Angeles City Regional Trial Court (RTC) amended the hold departure order (HDO) it issued against the alleged mastermind Dumlao to cover all airports and seaports.
Reaction
Philippines
PNP Chief Ronald dela Rosa offered to resign following the incident, but President Rodrigo Duterte did not accept the offer. Presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella stated that Duterte did not accept the offer of resignation because they believed that dela Rosa can't be faulted for the killing since the suspected perpetrators are not part of their team, this while acknowledging that there is indeed corruption in the institution. At the time of the kidnapping, Dela Rosa was in Beijing with the President for a state visit.
House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez called for the resignation of dela Rosa over the incident to spare the Duterte administration from further embarrassment but revoked the call after Duterte said dela Rosa did not need to resign.
President Duterte apologized to South Korea for the incident, saying those responsible will be held accountable, additionally remarking that if imprisoned it would be best for them to escape, implying that they would have their heads sent to South Korea after being killed in prison.
Members of the South Korean community and sympathizers offered flowers and candles inside Camp Crame.
South Korea
The South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs summoned officials of the Philippine Embassy in South Korea to convey their deep concern over the killing of Jee Ick-Joo; no diplomatic protest was filed, however. The South Korean government, through its ministry, also called for the quick resolution of the case so that the perpetrators can be held accountable and to increase measures to ensure the safety of South Korean nationals in the Philippines. The Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs are cooperating with their South Korean counterparts over the case.
South Korea, through its ambassador to the Philippines Jae-Shin Kim, accepted an apology by President Duterte on January 26, 2017, but reiterated calls for the quick resolution of the case. The South Korean government expressed that they are making efforts to "control the damage" and "calm down the feeling of the people" following the incident. Acting South Korean President Hwang Kyo-ahn also accepted an apology conveyed by Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo, who traveled to Seoul to meet with Hwang and personally convey the apology to him.
See also
Death of Rolando Espinosa
Illegal drug trade in the Philippines
South Korea-Philippines relations
References
2016 crimes in the Philippines
Philippine National Police
October 2016 crimes in Asia
Philippines–South Korea relations
Philippine Drug War
Crime in Metro Manila
October 2016 events in the Philippines
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1989:.
1989
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1989 at HKcinemamagic.com
1989
Lists of 1989 films by country or language
1989 in Hong Kong
Molly Reynolds is an Australian producer, screenwriter and director, best known for the 2021 documentary My Name is Gulpilil about acclaimed actor and dancer David Gulpilil. They wrote and directed Another Country in 2015, and co-wrote and co-directed the single-person ShoPaapaa in 2020.
Many of Reynolds' works are on the subject of Indigenous Australians' experience, which began as a "happy accident" as their partner Rolf de Heer began work on the 2006 film Ten Canoes.
Reynolds has also worked as a consultant in the Australian film sector, advising on national qualifications, developing and delivering curricula at a range of universities, and sitting on review panels.
Filmography
References
Australian directors
Australian screenwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Anne E. Warner (25 August 1940 – 16 May 2012) was a British biologist and a professor in the Department of Cell and Developmental Biology at University College London. Them major field of research was morphogenesis. Warner was known for their work and leadership in a variety of research projects and organisations.  They are perhaps most well known for their roles as a cell electrophysiologist, politician of science, and founder of the organisation UCL centre CoMPLEX.
Education
Born Anne Elizabeth Brookes on 25 August 1940 at Golders Green, they were the only child of Elizabeth (née Marshall) and James Frederick Crompton Brooks (1914–1996), an engineer in the Ministry of Aircraft Production. They were educated at Pate's Grammar School for Girls in Cheltenham, going on to study at University College London where they graduated with a BSc in physiology. They studied for their PhD at the National Institute for Medical Research under the supervision of Otto Hutter, receiving their doctorate in 1964 at the age of 23. That same year they took up a staff position at the Institute and began research into the effect of pH on skeletal muscle chloride conductance.
Research
Warner was a participant and leader in a wide variety of research projects, and is best known for their work into the role of gap junctions in embryological development, which they began to pursue during the late 1970s following their research at the National Institute for Medical Research. For the last 20 years before Warner began their research on gap junctions, embryologists had been working hard to prove that gap junctions were the means through which cells communicated and associated into tissues during embryological development. Warner, along with their colleague Sarah Guthrie, was said to have ended this journey with their discovery and conclusions. While working with the embryos of frogs, Warner observed "electrical coupling" between adjacent cells, meaning that an induced change in the resting voltage of one cell resulted in a corresponding change in an adjacent cell, which demonstrated the fact that junctions between the cells are responsible for transporting ions from one location to the next. However, Warner noticed that the gap junctions appeared to be present during some developmental stages, but not others.
To prove the essential role of these gap junctions in embryological development, Warner conducted experiments during the 1980s to block these junctions and observe the resulting effects. Using the 8-cell-embryos of the African clawed frog, Xenopus, they used antibody injections to block the channels in the connections of the gap junctions. After injecting the embryos with a specific antibody, which was said to have blocked the channels of gap junctions, Warner confirmed the blockage of the channels by injecting dyes into the cells in addition to confirming the lack of electrical coupling that they observed in earlier experiments.
After confirming the successful blocking of the gap junctions in the 8-cell-embryos, Warner continued to grow the embryos and took note that due to the blockage of the gap junctions, development of the toads was abnormal. Thus, Warner was the scientist responsible for confirming the crucial role of gap junction in the successful and normal development of cells from embryos to mature organisms. Through this discovery, Warner contributed to the growing research on the process of cell proliferation and maturation from an embryo to a fully functioning organism.
Career
In addition to their research, Warner was involved in many scientific organisations, often in a leadership role. They were a member of NERC, the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom, the Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, the Roslin Institute, the editorial board of The Journal of Physiology, the Committee of The Physiological Society, and many Medical Research Council boards and policy committees. In 1976, Warner returned to their alma mater, University College London, when they were appointed as a lecturer at the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine. Throughout their years of work at the University, Warner held several positions including the position of Reader at the Department of Anatomy and Developmental Biology and Royal Society Foulerton Professor, an honour they received in 1986. In addition, Warner was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1985. Of all of the organisations and leadership roles that Warner was involved in, they are perhaps most well known for their role as Vice-President of the Marine Biological Association (MBA) council and Director of the CoMPLEX (Centre of Mathematics, Physics, and Life Sciences) at the University College London. With Warner's role in the MBA, they are partially responsible for the organisation's survival and legacy to this day. Among many of the programs that Warner initiated in the organisation, they founded the cell physiology Workshop in 1984, which was responsible for creating many cell physiologist cohorts across the world. As director of the UCL CoMPLEX during its infantile stages, Warner was a co-founder of the organisation and fostered its development during their many years as its leader. As the leader of the organisation, Warner brought together a variety of different scientists to work towards the common goal of developing the field of biology. The organisation became an example and model for similar organisations in other countries. Them work with the organisations that they were involved in created a lasting legacy through their many programs that are still used today.
Personal life
Warner met their husband Michael while they were both members of the stage crew at University College London. Them husband predeceased them by a few weeks.
Them health declined after a heart valve replacement that their body did not accept well, and at this time they were no longer able to be physically involved in the many organisations that they were a part of. However, they remained in communication with the organisations and gave them advice throughout the time of their illness. After an extended illness they died on 16 May 2012 at University College Hospital, Camden, of a cerebral haemorrhage. Upon their death, one particular colleague of the UCL wrote an article about Warner which demonstrated their personality that enabled them to reach many of their goals in life. Warner was known as a formidable lady who brought together their colleagues through their perseverance and motivation to solve problems. Through their efforts, Warner dedicated their life to making a difference in their field of research and the many organisations that they were a part of.
References
1940 births
2012 deaths
20th-century British biologists
20th-century British women scientists
21st-century British biologists
21st-century British women scientists
Academics of University College London
British women biologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
National Institute for Medical Research faculty
Place of birth missing
The Missouri S&T Miners (variously S&T or Missouri Miners) are the athletic teams that represent the Missouri University of Science and Technology, located in Rolla, Missouri, in intercollegiate sports as a member of the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), primarily competing in the Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) for most of its sports since the 2005–06 academic year; while its men's swimming team competes in the New South Intercollegiate Swim Conference (NSISC). The Miners and Lady Miners previously competed in the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA) from 1935–36 to 2004–05; and in the Missouri College Athletic Union (MCAU) of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) from 1924–25 to 1932–33.
Overview
Until 1964, the school was known as the "Missouri School of Mines", and until 2008 it was the "University of Missouri—Rolla". The nickname "Miner", or a variation of it, is common at mining schools in many states. Missouri S&T's official school colors are silver and gold; the color green has historic relevance and is also used prominently.
Varsity sports
Missouri S&T competes in 17 intercollegiate varsity sports (10 for men, 7 for women): Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross-country, football, golf, soccer, swimming, track & field (indoor and outdoor) and volleyball; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, track & field (indoor and outdoor), volleyball and spirit squad. Former sports included women's golf. As of July 2022, men's volleyball became the 17th varsity sport in the 2023 spring season (2022–23 school year).
Notes
Baseball
The baseball team won the GLVC West division title in 2011, 2012 and 2016.
The baseball team also won a share of the GLVC regular season title in 2019, tying with Maryville University and Quincy University.
Conference affiliations:
1935–2005: Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association
2006–present: Great Lakes Valley Conference
Head Coach: Todd DeGraffenreid (2004–present)
Home Field: S&T Ballpark
Uniform Colors: Black and Gold (inception–2007), Green and Gold (2008–present)
MIAA Titles: 1968, 1972
GLVC (West) Titles: 2011, 2012, 2016
GLVC (Regular Season) Titles: 2019
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Jeff Mitchell: 1992
Eric Cummins: 2003
Steve Hopkins: 2004
Brandon Cogan: 2009, 2010
Andy Hall: 2012
Lee Voth-Gaeddert: 2012
Nick Ulrich: 2016
Missouri S&T baseball records are listed below.
Basketball
Man 's
The team made the GLVC tournament in 2010 for the first time since joining the conference. The Miners also made the GLVC Tournament field in 2012, 2014 and 2017, and as a member of the MIAA, won the conference tournament in 1996.
Head Coach: Bill Walker (2019–present)
Assistant Coach: Darreon Reddick (2021–present)
Conference Championships:
MIAA: 1975–76, 1995–96
All-Americans:
Curtis Gibson: 1984–85
Duane Huddleston: 1987–88
Bill Jolly: 1992–93
Michael McClain: 1995–96
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Russ Klie: 1977
Todd Wentz: 1984
David Moellenhoff: 1986
Brian Westre: 2002, 2003, 2004
Bryce Foster: 2014
Missouri S&T men's basketball records are listed below.
Woman 's
The team shared the GLVC West division regular season title in 2011. It reached the championship game of the NCAA Great Lakes Regional in 2008, losing to eventual national champion Northern Kentucky, then made the NCAA Division II Midwest Regional in 2011. The Miners have played in three NCAA Division II Tournaments, having also been in it in 1996 after winning a share of the MIAA regular season championship.
Head Coach: Kira Carter (2020–present)
Assistant Coach: Van Klohmann (2020–present)
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Jennifer Cordes: 1990
Jamie Mertens: 1998
Missouri S&T women's basketball records are listed below.
Cross-country
Man 's
Head Coach: Shaun Meinecke (2017–present)
Assistant Coach: Mary Duerbeck (2017–present)
Conference Championships:
MIAA: 1958
All-Americans:
Ben Mulvaney: 1996–97
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Matt Hagen: 1999
Allen Ernst: 2010
Tyler Percy: 2016
Woman 's
Head Coach: Shaun Meinecke (2017–present)
Assistant Coach: Mary Duerbeck (2017–present)
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Kim Finke: 1996
Kate Hamera: 2003, 2004
Football
Conference affiliations:
1935–2005: Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association
2006–2011: Great Lakes Football Conference
2012–present: Great Lakes Valley Conference
Head coach: Andy Ball (2022–present)
Home field: Allgood–Bailey Stadium
Uniform colors: Black and Gold (Inception–2007), Green and Gold (2008–present)
Conference championships: 9
MIAA: 1941 (Co-Champions), 1947, 1949, 1950, 1956 (Co-Champions), 1977 (Co-Champions), 1980, 1983 (Co-Champions)
GLFC: 2008
All-Americans:
Ed Kromka: 1941
Frank Winfield: 1969
Merle Dillow: 1974
Bill Grantham: 1980
Eivind Listerud: 1993
Cole Drussa: 2003, 2004
Ashton Gronewold: 2005, 2006, 2007
Joe Winters: 2006
Brian Crider, 2009
Eddie Rascon, 2012
Chris Emesih, 2013
Will Brown, 2014
Deshawn Jones, 2017
Bo Brooks: 2018
Roderick Chapman: 2018
Braxton Graham, 2018
Tyler Swart, 2018
Tershawn Wharton, 2018
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Kim Colter: 1972
Paul Janke: 1980
Randy Hauser: 1982
Bob Pressly: 1982
Tom Reed: 1986
James Pfeiffer: 1987, 1988
Mark Diamond: 1991
Don Huff: 1991, 1992
Eivind Listerud: 1993
Brian Gilmore: 1994, 1995, 1996
Curt Kimmel: 2001, 2002
Cole Drussa: 2004
Phil Shin: 2005
Chad Shockley: 2010
Brian Peterson: 2012
Bret Curtis: 2016
Bo Brooks 2017, 2018
Landon Compton: 2017
Deshawn Jones: 2017, 2018, 2019
Payton McAlister: 2020
Kyle Urich: 2020, 2021
Zach Glaess: 2021
Missouri S&T football records since 1935 are listed below. NOTE: The 2020 season was played in the spring of 2021.
Golf
Head Coach: Chad Green (2017–present)
In fall 2017, the men's golf program returned to Missouri S&T (absent since 2003) and the Missouri S&T women's golf program was created.
At the end of the 2020–2021 academic year, S&T discontinued its women's golf program.
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Brian Panka: 1996–97
Soccer
Man 's
Head Coach: Rob Cummings (2018–present)
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Chris Shaw: 2003
Dan Gravlin: 2006
Trent Doerner: 2011
Ryan Muich: 2011
Caleb Collier: 2012
Adam Stensland: 2012
Timmy Kenny: 2013
Ryan Lawhead: 2014, 2015
David Murphy: 2017
Paal Benum: 2020–21
Missouri S&T men's soccer records are listed below. NOTE: The 2020 season was played in the spring of 2021.
Woman 's
Head Coach: Jane Grimley (2022–present)
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Denise McMillan: 2001
Anna Fink: 2014, 2016
Missouri S&T women's soccer records are listed below. NOTE: The 2020 season was played in the spring of 2021.
Softball
Affiliations:
1935–2005: Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association
2006–present: Great Lakes Valley Conference
Head Coach: Cathy Monroe (2015–present)
Home Field: Missouri S&T Softball Field
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Jenny Crede: 1993
Christy Deken: 2004
Kandi Wieberg: 2007, 2008
Kaylea Smith: 2013
Missouri S&T softball records are listed below.
Swimming
Head Coach: Daniel Murphy (2022–present)
National Finishes: 1998–2013
1997–1998: 3rd
1998–1999: 7th
1999–2000: 6th
2000–2001: 5th
2001–2002: 5th
2002–2003: 13th
2003–2004: 9th
2004–2005: 6th
2005–2006: 7th
2006–2007: 4th
2007–2008: 2nd
2008–2009: 3rd
2009–2010: 8th
2010–2011: 9th
2011–2012: 24th
2012–2013: 14th
2013–2014: 11th
2014–2015: 16th
2015–2016: 13th
2016–2017: 14th
2017–2018: 13th
2018–2019: 6th
2019–2020: 9th
2020–2021: 13th
2021–2022: 19th
Conference Championships: 1998–2013
1998–1999: Mideast Regional Champions
2000–2001: Central States Champions
2006–2007: New South Champions
2007–2008: New South Champions
2008–2009: New South Champions
2009–2010: New South Champions
2010–2011: New South Champions
2011–2012: New South Champions
2012–2013: New South Champions
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Jack Pennuto: 2003, 2004
Bill Gaul: 2005, 2006, 2007
Andy Shelley: 2006, 2007
David Calcara: 2008
Mark Chamberlain: 2008
Andrew Schranck: 2013
Keith Sponsler: 2014, 2015, 2016
Miguel Chavez: 2016
Stuart Mossop: 2017, 2018
Tim Samuelsen: 2018, 2020
Track and field
Man 's
Head Coach: Shaun Meinecke (2017–present)
Assistant Coach: Mary Duerbeck (2017–present)
Conference Championships – Indoor:
MIAA: 1948
GLVC: 2009, 2020
Conference Championships – Outdoor:
GLVC: 2009, 2014, 2015, 2018, 2021, 2022
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Matt Hagen: 1999
Jordan Henry: 2008, 2009
Allen Ernst: 2010
Dan Hellwig: 2012
Adriel Hawkins: 2014
Joe Vellella: 2014
Tyler Percy: 2016
Lucas Rosenbaum: 2018
Woman 's
Head Coach: Shaun Meinecke (2017–present)
Assistant Coach: Mary Duerbeck (2017–present)
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Kim Finke: 1996
Kate Hamera: 2003, 2004
Becca Kueny: 2006, 2007
Mary Ann Bradshaw: 2014
Taylor Cipicchio: 2014
Katlyn Meier: 2015
Volleyball
Woman 's
Affiliations:
Great Lakes Valley Conference: 2007–present
Head Coach: Andy Halaz (2018–present)
Assistant Coach: Ryan Anderson
Home Court: Gale Bullman Multi-Purpose Building
Uniform colors: Black and Gold (2007), Green and Gold (2008–present)
Conference Championships:
GLVC: 2011 (West Division)
GLVC: 2012 (West Division)
GLVC: 2020–21 (West Division)
CoSIDA Academic All-Americans:
Jennifer Costello: 2011, 2012
Hayley Wright: 2013
Krista Haslag: 2015
Lauren Flowers: 2017
Missouri S&T women's volleyball records are listed below. NOTE: The 2020 season was played in the spring of 2021.
Man 's
Missouri S&T will begin men's volleyball play in the 2023 season (2022–23 school year). Unlike all other S&T teams, men's volleyball is a de facto Division I member. The NCAA's top-level national championship in that sport is open to both D-I and D-II members, and scholarship limits are identical in both divisions.
Head Coach: Andy Halaz (2023–present)
Assistant Coach: Ryan Anderson
Home Court: Gale Bullman Multi-Purpose Building
Uniform colors: Green and Gold (2023–present)
References
External links
Your First Impression is an NBC daytime game show which aired from January 2, 1962, to June 26, 1964. A panel of three celebrities tried to guess the identity of mystery guests from clues supplied by the host. Bill Leyden was the MC of the program, with Dennis James as a regular panelist or alternating host. Filmed in Burbank, California, Your First Impression was a Monty Hall-Art Stark Production. Hall was the series executive producer. The program aired at Noon Eastern time and followed another game, Concentration, then hosted by Hugh Downs.
Celebrities who appeared on the series included Pat Carroll, Bob Crane, Nina Foch, Ross Martin, Dean Miller, Leslie Nielsen, Inger Stevens, Elena Verdugo, Betty White, and Paul Winchell. Joan Crawford was a mystery guest. Richard Nixon appeared as a mystery guest after their losses to John F. Kennedy for President and Edmund G. (Pat) Brown for governor of California. They got a laugh when they were asked to fill in the blank: "I wish that I __," and they answered, "had been a PT-boat captain."
(This was a reference to JFK's World War II heroics as captain of PT-109.)
References
External links
NBC original programming
American panel games
1960s American game shows
1962 American television series debuts
1964 American television series endings
Television series by Stefan Hatos-Monty Hall Productions
English-language television shows
The Caesar Line was the last German line of defence in Italy before Rome during the Italian Campaign of the Second World War. It extended from the west coast near Ostia, over the Alban Hills south of Rome, from Valmontone to Avezzano and then to Pescara on the Adriatic coast. Behind the western half of the line was a subsidiary line, the Roman switch line which took a path north of Rome.
When the Caesar C Line defences, manned by the German 14th Army, were breached by the U.S. Fifth Army on 30 May 1944, following the breakout from Anzio, the road to Rome was finally opened. The Germans retreated to their next line of defence, the Trasimene Line where the 14th Army re-aligned with the German 10th Army before withdrawing to the formidable defences of the Gothic Line.
See also
Battle of Anzio
German World War II defensive lines
Italian campaign (World War II)
World War II sites in Italy
A Structure fire is also known as house fires these are very hazardous.These house fires caused many deaths in south africa in from year 1967-1969.
A structure fire is a fire involving the structural components of various types of residential, commercial or industrial buildings, such as barn fires. Residential buildings range from single-family detached homes and townhouses to apartments and tower blocks, or various commercial buildings ranging from offices to shopping malls. This is in contrast to "room and contents" fires, chimney fires, vehicle fires, wildfires or other outdoor fires.
Structure fires typically have a similar response from the fire department that include engines, ladder trucks, rescue squads, chief officers, and an EMS unit, each of which will have specific initial assignments. The actual response and assignments will vary between fire departments.
It is not unusual for some fire departments to have a pre-determined mobilization plan for when a fire incident is reported in certain structures in their area. This plan may include mobilizing the nearest aerial firefighting vehicle to a tower block, or a foam-carrying vehicle to structures known to contain certain hazardous chemicals.
Types (United States)
In the United States, according to NFPA, structures are divided into five construction types based on the severity of the fire hazard:
Causes of house fires
In a recent study, conducted by American Survey CO, for the period of 2005 - 2010, the causes of house fires across America were as follows:
Appliances and electrical (stoves, microwaves, toasters, radiators, various heating systems, small appliances) - approximately 47%
Gas leaks - around 5-7%
Open flames (candles, fireplaces) - approximately 32%
Children playing with matches - Around 10%
Spreading of fires from house to house - approximately 3%
References
External links
National Fire Protection Association (US)
NFPA Research
Haung, Kai. 2009. Population and Building Factors That Impact Residential Fire Rates in Large U.S. Cities. Applied Research Project. Texas State University. http://ecommons.txstate.edu/arp/287/
Firefighting
Types of fire
Rodela may refer to:
Rodela, a type of round shield similar to a buckler, used by Rodeleros
People with the surname
David Rodela (born 1982), American boxer
Jose Rodela (born 1937), United States Army soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
See also
Cova Rodela, a village of Brava, Cape Verde
Rodelas, a municipality in Bahia, Brazil
Lonnerstadt is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Die Nacht der Seele (subtitled "Tantric Songs") is the twelfth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1979 on Brain Records. In 2005 SPV re-released the album with four bonus tracks. "Engel der Luft" and "Im Reich der Schatten" (slowed down) were used in 1982 for the soundtrack of Werner Herzog's film Fitzcarraldo.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except where noted.
"Mantram der Erdberührung I" – 2:13
"Engel der Luft" – 2:38
"Mit Händen, mit Füßen" – 2:42
"Wo bist Du, der Du überwunden hast?" / "Gesegnet Du, Bei Deiner Ankunft" – 5:41
"Mantram der Erdberührung II" – 2:12
"Im Reich der Schatten" (Fricke, Daniel Fichelscher) – 2:10
"Wanderer durch die Nacht" – 4:07
"Mantram der Herzberührung I" – 1:48
"Auf dem Weg" – 2:53
"Mantram der Herzberührung II" – 1:40
"In der Halle des Lernens" – 4:02
2005 bonus tracks
All bonus tracks composed by Florian Fricke and Daniel Fichelscher.
"Mantram der Stirnberührung I" – 2:16
"Zusammenkunft" – 0:47
"Mantram der Stirnberührung II" – 2:03
"Im Garten der Ruhe (Piano Session Version)" – 10:19
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, vocals
Daniel Fichelscher – guitar, percussion
Djong Yun – vocals
Renate Knaup – vocals
Guest musicians
Susan Goetting – oboe
Alois Gromer – sitar
Credits
Recorded in 1979 at Bavaria Ton Studios, München and Panne/Paulsen Studio, Frankfurt/Main
Engineered by Hans Keller, Rudolf Wohlschläger, Eberhard Panne & Robert Wedel
Produced by Florian Fricke for Gammarock Music
Executive producer: Gerhard Augustin
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20081029050641/http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119184752/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia70.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/seele.htm
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1979 albums
German-language albums
Brain Records albums
Albums produced by Florian Fricke
Alan Prampin (born November 30, 1971) is a former U.S. soccer forward who spent one season in the Continental Indoor Soccer League, one in the USISL and four in Major League Soccer. They also earned two caps with the U.S. national team.
College
Prampin attended Southern Methodist University where they played on the men's soccer team from 1990 to 1993. They were selected as a third team All American in 1991, a first team All American in 1992 and second team in 1993. Prampin also started in each of the three games in the World University Games in Buffalo 1993 and also scored one goal. They were also an Olympic alternate for the U.S. Men's soccer team in 1992.
Professional career
Prampin played extensively with the U.S national B team in 1992 and 1993. However, they turned professional with the Dallas Sidekicks of the Continental Indoor Soccer League in 1994. They then spent the 1995 season with the Raleigh Flyers of USISL where they were named an offensive All-Star of the Atlantic Division. In February 1996, the Kansas City Wiz of Major League Soccer selected Prampin in the tenth round (96th overall) of the Inaugural Player Draft. On December 15, 1996, the Wiz traded Prampin and a third round supplemental draft pick to the Tampa Bay Mutiny for Steve Pittman. Prampin led the team with assists in 1998 and was named Tampa Bay Mutiny Honda Most Valuable Player and Tampa Bay Sports Club Most Valuable Player. They were named Tampa Bay Mutiny's Humanitarian of the Year for their work in the community. They remained with the Mutiny until they retired in 2000 due to injury.
National team
Prampin earned two caps with the U.S. national team. Their first was a 2–2 tie with El Salvador on March 23, 1993, when they came on for Cobi Jones in the 89th minute. Their second game was two days later, a 4–1 loss to Honduras. They again came on for Cobi Jones, this time in the 83rd minute.
External links
Dallas Sidekicks profile
1971 births
Living people
Soccer players from Dallas
All-American men's college soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
Dallas Sidekicks (CISL) players
USISL players
Raleigh Flyers players
Sporting Kansas City players
Tampa Bay Mutiny players
SMU Mustangs men's soccer players
Major League Soccer players
American soccer players
Association football forwards
The Delegation of the European Union to Moldova () was established to facilitate relations between Moldova and the European Union. It is located in Moldova's capital, Chișinău.
History
The European Commission opened up a new office in Moldova on October 6, 2005 headed by Cesare de Montis. The interim President of Moldova, Mihai Ghimpu, awarded the Honour Order to Cesare de Montis in October 2009 at the end of their mandate in Moldova.
The Head of the European Union Delegation to Moldova has been Ambassador Dirk Steffen Schuebel since November 2009. Before, Dirk Schuebel was the Deputy Head of the Delegation of the European Commission to Ukraine.
In April 2013, the appointment of Pirkka Tapiola as new Head of the EU Delegation to Moldova was announced. Tapilola was followed in 2017 by Peter Michalko, who in turn was followed by Janis Mazeiks in 2021.
The Delegation of the European Union to Moldova is located at 12 Kogălniceanu Street, in Central Chișinău.
See also
Moldova–European Union relations
External links
Official Site
References
Moldova–European Union relations
European Union
Diplomatic missions of the European Union
Buildings and structures in Chișinău
Nicholas Sebek (October 11, 1927November 27, 2007) was an American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. They played college football at Indiana University and was drafted in the 25th round of the 1949 NFL Draft.
External links
Pro-Football Reference
Obituary
1927 births
2007 deaths
Sportspeople from Niagara Falls, New York
Players of American football from New York (state)
American football quarterbacks
Washington Redskins players
Indiana Hoosiers football players
Brown is an unincorporated community in Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located 13 miles northwest of Durant. Brown had a post office from July 3, 1913 until July 15, 1927. It was named after its first postmaster, Robert H. Brown.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bryan County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
The Monastery of Euthymius started as a lavra-type monastic settlement in the Judaean desert, founded by Saint Euthymius the Great (377–473) in 420, known as the Laura or Lavra of Euthymius. After its final abandonment in the 13th century, it was repurposed as a caravanserai and became known as Khan el-Ahmar, the Red Caravanserai, khan being an originally Persian word for inn or caravanserai. Its ruins still stand a short distance south of today's main Jerusalem-Jericho highway in the West Bank.
It should not be confused with the nearby Khan al-Hatruri, better known to visitors as the Good Samaritan Inn, which sometimes also used to be called Khan al-Ahmar.
Monastery
Lavra of St Euthymius (428-473)
The church was consecrated by Juvenal, Bishop of Jerusalem on 7 May 428. The lavra, a cluster of cells for hermits around a church, was located in Adummim on the road from Jericho to Jerusalem and was based on the layout of the Pharan lavra, with small cells. The vita of the founder, also known as Euthymius of Lesser Armenia, mentions them living their first years as a monk in the Holy Land (406–11) at Pharan.
Byzantine cenobium after Euthymius
Following the death of Euthymius on 20 January 473 the church was converted to a refectory and a new church and cenobium were built above it. The cenobium was the area that novitiate monks would receive training prior to admittance to a lavra of the Sabaite tradition. The new church was consecrated by Martyrius, Patriarch of Jerusalem, in 482 and the site thereafter became known as the Monastery of St. Euthymius.
Early Muslim period
The lavra, ruined by an earthquake in 660, was rebuilt in a similar manner. Ancient testimonies speak of a Bedouin attack on the monastery in 796/97 as part of a series of such attacks against monasteries in Jerusalem and the Judean desert at the end of the 8th and beginning of the 9th century, but archaeology in general tends to paint a picture of peaceful abandonment, rather than destruction brought about by man or nature.
Crusader period
In 1106 Abbot Daniel noted: "To the east of the laura of St. Saba, only behind the mountain, is the Monastery of St. Euthymius, three versts away, and there lies St. Euthymius, and many other holy fathers lie there, and their bodies are as those of living people. There is a little monastery on a level place, and about it are rocky mountains some distance off. The monastery was established with a surrounding wall and the church was elevated. And there is quite close to it the Monastery of St. Theoctistus, under the mountain only half a day's walk from the Monastery of Euthymius, and all this has been destroyed now by pagans".
The monastic complex went through a massive restoration and construction phase in the 12th century during the Crusader period, but was finally abandoned in the next century.
Significance of the laura
The laura of Euthymius was essential in the advancement and organisation of the Sabaite (desert monastic) movement, and, as the only dyophysite monastery in the Judaean desert at the time of the Council of Chalcedon (451), was central to the development of Chalcedonian orthodoxy within Palestinian monasticism, in what was at first an almost completely anti-Chalcedonian, miaphysite Palestine.
Caravanserai (Khan al-Ahmar)
Mamluk period
After the abandonment of the monastery in the 13th century, during the Mamluk period, the structures were converted during the same century into a travellers' inn, known as Khan al-Ahmar, the "Red Khan", a caravanserai for Muslim pilgrims on the route between Jerusalem and Mecca via Nabi Musa. It should not be confused with nearby Khan al-Hatruri (aka Inn of the Good Samaritan), sometimes referred to as Khan al-Ahmar as well.
Ottoman period
The English pastor, Reverend Haskett Smith, who guided European groups in Palestine in the late nineteenth century and edited the 1892 Murray's Handbooks for Travellers to Syria and Palestine, recorded a visit to Khan al-Ahmar with a tour group journeying from Jerusalem to Jericho in their 1906 travelogue Patrollers of Palestine:
The entrance was through a wide archway in the side nearest to the road, and this archway opened into a covered courtyard with two similar arches at the further end, and doors leading into chambers on either side. Beyond the covered court was a spacious open square, surrounded on three sides by the high walls of the khan, and on the fourth bounded by the chambers and the court. A man in native costume was at one corner of the covered court, making coffee over a charcoal brazier, and at the same time filling and preparing a narghileh. There were several of these narghileh pipes arranged on a shelf near the brazier. The man was the innkeeper, or, as they are known by the natives, the khanidjeh. A few muleteers and other wayfarers were squatting or lying on the floor of the court, and some horses and mules were tethered in the open square within.
Access and tourism
The site is east of Mishor Adumim, the industrial zone of Ma'ale Adumim, and is accessible to visit.
See also
Monastery of Martyrius, a ruined Byzantine monastery in nearby Ma'ale Adumim
Mar Saba, the Holy Lavra of Saint Sabbas, a related Byzantine monastery (still working), also in the Judaean desert
References
Bibliography
(p. 207)
External links
Euthymius Monastery at BibleWalks.com. Accessed April 2021.
Monastery of St. Euthymius (4 Eitam St, Ma'ale Adumim) at Google street view. Accessed April 2021.
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 18: at IAA archives (Israel Antiquities Authority) and Wikimedia commons
Christian monasteries in the West Bank
Archaeological sites in the West Bank
Christian monasteries established in the 5th century
Archaeological sites in the State of Palestine
The 1st White Cloth Hall is a Grade II* listed building on Kirkgate, in the city centre of Leeds in West Yorkshire, England.
History
Originally named The White Cloth Hall, it was opened in 1711 as a response to the building of a covered cloth hall by the merchants of Wakefield in 1710, built in order to entice traders away from Leeds. So the cloth hall for the sale of white (undyed) cloth was built on Kirkgate on a site provided by Lord Irvine of Temple Newsam with £1,000 given by merchants and tradesmen. It was 'built upon Pillars and Arches in the form of an Exchange, with a Quadrangular Court within'.
Present
Despite its importance to the industrial heritage of Leeds and to the industrial revolution in general, the first White Cloth Hall in Kirkgate has stood growing increasingly derelict for many years surrounded by scaffolding and safety hoardings. The Amusement Arcade in its eastern wing still operates but the rest of the building is getting close to state of collapse and is a health and safety hazard.
A series of meetings with the City Council Planning Officers, the building owner Emco, and English Heritage, concluded that the western and southern sections of the building must be demolished.
In March 2018, Leeds City Council granted Rushbond Group permission to restore the building. Rushbond Group are local property developers who bought the building over a year earlier. Work started in March 2019.
In 2019 Historic England commissioned dendrochronological (tree-ring) analysis on ex situ samples from 19 oak and one conifer timbers from the former west range of First White Cloth Hall. This analysis dated the timber as growing during the years AD 1366–1476, with the trees felled in the summer of AD 1476, with a likelihood that the timbers were part of a specific programme of felling and construction from a single woodland source relatively local to West Yorkshire. This date is earlier than had been expected based on the opening of First White Cloth Hall in the early eighteenth century.
See also
2nd White Cloth Hall
3rd White Cloth Hall
4th White Cloth Hall
References
External links
Listed buildings in Leeds
Grade II* listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in Leeds
Commercial buildings completed in 1711
1711 establishments in England
The first season of Cougar Town, an American television series, began airing on September 23, 2009, and concluded on May 19, 2010, after Modern Family and before Eastwick (TV series). Season one regular cast members include Courteney Cox, Christa Miller, Busy Philipps, Brian Van Holt, Dan Byrd, Ian Gomez, and Josh Hopkins. The sitcom was created by Bill Lawrence and Kevin Biegel.
The series began production on April 29, 2009, and ended in August 2009, it was supposed to air on Tuesdays, but postponed to Wednesday nights.
Conception
Following the cancellation of Dirt, Courteney Cox wanted to return to broadcast television and do another comedy. Lawrence, who is best known as the creator of Scrubs and Spin City, was approached by Cox about "wanting to do something." While developing the concept of the show, Lawrence thought they would do a tryout with Cox on Scrubs, by guest-starring in the first three episodes of the eighth season. They wanted to see what it was like to work together (who thought that they were an easy and fun person to work with) and decided to go from there. Lawrence and Biegel, who worked together writing episode on Scrubs, came up with the concept of the show with Cox as a 40-year-old, newly single woman because they thought that it was a real "zeitgeist-y topic." They drew inspiration from their real-life wife, actor Christa Miller who also stars in the show as Ellie; Miller had previously worked with Cox as part of the story-arc of the three part Scrubs try-out. Lawrence told Cox that the show could be "high-risk, high-reward," although Cox decided to go for it. They added, "I rarely have this much trepidation because usually the only person I could let down is myself. I want to make it work for her." In addition, Lawrence was also a staff writer on Friends during the show's first season.
Before they pitched the idea to ABC, other titles for the show included 40 and Single and The Courteney Cox Show, which was eventually named Cougar Town because Lawrence thought that "the title is noisy and that people will be aware of this show." They felt that the risk of the title was that the audience wouldn't watch it because people would say "...the title bums me," commenting: "it's a risky roll of the dice ... We don't call women "cougars" in it. We certainly don't use the word beyond the unbelievably big cheat that the high school mascot is a cougar." Lawrence believed that with the subsequent scripts they'd be doing and the re-shoots in the pilot, the show would be "creatively satisfying." After they pitched the idea to ABC, they asked them to have a pilot ready to shoot by the end of January 2009. Lawrence and Biegel together wrote the script with Lawrence, who has written and directed many episodes on Scrubs, directing the episode. In casting beyond Cox, Lawrence created the character of Ellie for their wife, Christa Miller. Miller felt that their character started off "gleefully" and that their husband would write down little things that they would say, in which they believe is the reason their character "came out of that."
Crew
In addition to having created the series, Bill Lawrence is the show runner, head writer, and the executive producer. Courteney Cox, who also stars on the show, serves as executive producer alongside Lawrence. Lawrence, the executive producer, show runner, head writer and creator of Scrubs, co-wrote and directed the pilot and wrote the second episode. They have written for other shows that include, Friends, The Nanny, and Boy Meets World as well as co-created Spin City. Kevin Biegel, co-creator, has also written episode for Scrubs. They wrote 7 episodes on Scrubs and wrote the pilot script with Lawrence.
Filming
The series takes place at the fictional town of Gulf Haven in Sarasota County, Florida although it is filmed at Culver Studios in Culver City, California. The pilot episode was directed and written by Scrubs creator Bill Lawrence, who is married to Scrubs and Cougar Town star Christa Miller. Lawrence serves as executive producer/writer/director, Kevin Biegel as writer/co-executive producer, and Courteney Cox and David Arquette are executive producers. It is produced by Doozer Productions and Coquette Productions (headed by Cox and their husband David Arquette) and is from ABC Studios. The sitcom is filmed in the single-camera format. Cox filmed the pilot on March 19, 2009.
Reception
In the USA the audience dropped from 11 million to 6 million over the 14-episode run. In Australia the audience dropped from 1.3 to 1 million in one week after the chief executive of the Australian channel showing it (Seven Network) described it as a 'shit show' that they could get large audiences for, by promoting it. In late April 2010, Cougar Town was canned in Australia due to poor ratings; 10 episodes had been run. Recently, Channel 7 returned both Cougar Town and How I Met Your Mother to its schedule from June 17. Cougar Town aired after a repeat of How I Met Your Mother, managing just 433,000 viewers. They plan to continue showing it in double episodes until the end of Season 1. In late January 2011, Seven Networks returned the show to a late timeslot of 10:30 Tuesday nights after a New Episode of Parenthood. In the UK, the first season aired on LIVING, and was shown in double-bills on Tuesday nights at 9pm. The season premiered on March 30, 2010, to a strong 802,000 viewers and concluded on June 15, 2010, to a series low of 593,000 viewers. However, the entire season was the most-watched show on LIVING, averaging 769,000 viewers.
Episodes
U.S. Nielsen ratings
Episode 9 aired on Thanksgiving Eve in which most of the original shows hit series lows.
Episode 14 was the first episode to air against the 9th season of American Idol.
See also
List of Cougar Town episodes
References
General references
2009 American television seasons
2010 American television seasons
Cougar Town seasons
This is a list of notable deadpan comedians and actors who have used deadpan as a part of their repertoire. Deadpan describes the act of deliberately displaying a lack of or no emotion, commonly as a form of comedic delivery to contrast with the ridiculousness of the subject matter. The delivery is meant to be blunt, sarcastic, laconic, or apparently unintentional.
List of deadpan comedians
Comedians and actors who have used deadpan as a part of their repertoire include:
Eve Arden
Fred Armisen
Bea Arthur
Rowan Atkinson
Dan Aykroyd
Richard Ayoade
Bill Bailey
Elliot Goblet
Todd Barry
Jason Bateman
H. Jon Benjamin
Jack Benny
Maria Blasucci
Jo Brand
Steve Carell
Jimmy Carr
Michael Cera
Chevy Chase
Ronny Chieng
John Cleese
Stephen Colbert
Billy Connolly
Jane Curtin
Andy Daly
Larry David
Jack Dee
Zooey Deschanel
Nathan Fielder
Judah Friedlander
Nick Frost
Jim Gaffigan
Zach Galifianakis
Janeane Garofalo
Rhod Gilbert
Dave Gorman
Charles Grodin
Rich Hall
Tony Hancock
Jack Handey
Oliver Hardy
Steve Harvey
Mitch Hedberg
Bill Hicks
Joel Hodgson
Dave Hughes
Jeffrey Jones
Milton Jones
Jonathan Katz
Buster Keaton
Craig Kilborn
Steve Landesberg
Stewart Lee
Jack Levi
Sean Lock
Roger Lloyd-Pack
Norm Macdonald
Lee Mack
Demetri Martin
Paul Merton
Larry Miller
Sarah Millican
Spike Milligan
Dan Mintz
Eugene Mirman
Shazia Mirza
Dylan Moran
Eric Morecambe
Diane Morgan
Chris Morris
John Mulaney
Bill Murray
Kumail Nanjiani
Michael J. Nelson
Bob Newhart
Leslie Nielsen
Tig Notaro
Virginia O'Brien
Nick Offerman
Pat Paulsen
Karl Pilkington
Aubrey Plaza
Romesh Ranganathan
Dan Renton Skinner
Leonard Rossiter
Adam Scott
Peter Sellers
Sarah Silverman
Mel Smith
Ned Sparks
Martin Starr
Joe Pera
Jack Soo
Ben Stein
Jon Stewart
Tim & Eric
Jackie Vernon
Abe Vigoda
Christopher Walken
Kristen Wiig
Joe Wilkinson
Fred Willard
Steven Wright
See also
List of comedians
Lists of comedians
List of stand-up comedians
References
Lists of comedians
Hafodyrynys is a village on the A472 road between Pontypool and Crumlin in Caerphilly county borough, south-east Wales. It lies within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.
The village is served by an inn, a takeaway, a rugby club and car wash/valet service. As of 2008 a new housing estate has been completed on the western periphery of the village.
Since 2017, the upward climb on the A472 through Hafodyrynys has been measured as Wales' most polluted road.
The village was served by the Taff Vale Extension of the Newport, Abergavenny and Hereford Railway. This ran from Pontypool to Crumlin and beyond. The 280-yard Glyn Tunnel in the village enabled the line to avoid the highest ground as it proceeded towards the Crumlin Viaduct, via Hafodyrynys Platform railway station to the west of the village. Passenger services ceased on 15 June 1964 as a result of the Beeching cuts, though coal traffic continued. Crumlin Viaduct was closed and then dismantled from 1967 onwards, resulting in coal from the colliery being extracted via the junction with the Ebbw Valley Railway.
Hafodyrynys Colliery
Hafodyrynys Colliery was located east of the village. The first record of it is in the List of Mines for 1878–1880. There is no record of it again until 1911, when a new shaft was sunk. The mine was actively worked from 1914 until 1966. It was redeveloped by the NCB in the 1950s at a cost of £5,500,000, including the creation of new drifts. These linked Hafodyryns to coal production at the new Glyntillery drift, Tirpentwys Colliery, and the nearby Glyn Pits which did not produce coal but were used for pumping and ventilation. Despite this large investment, and the extensive new washery facilities, it never fully lived up to production expectations. The mine closed in 1966 but the washery continued to process coal from the others, brought underground and raised through the Glyntillery drift. Tirpentwys also ceased to produce coal in 1968. From 1969, Tirpentwys was used to route coal from Blaenserchan Colliery beyond it and to Hafodyrynys. Glyntillery ceased to produce coal in 1975 and from 1977, Blaenserchan's coal was instead raised through Abertillery Colliery.
The site was cleared in 1985, but the circular slimes settling tank of the washery was retained at the request of the landowner, Sir Richard Hanbury-Tenison. Today the remains of the washery are a listed building and mark the site of the mine.
References
External links
Hafodyrynys Colliery
Hafodyrynys Colliery
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Hafodyrynys and surrounding area
Hafodyrynys RFC Sports & Welfare
Hafodyrynys Village
Villages in Caerphilly County Borough
Barzanun (, also Romanized as Barzanūn and Borzenūn) is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,571, in 864 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Duck's Cross is a hamlet located in the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire, England.
The settlement forms part of Colmworth civil parish, though Duck's Cross is located nearer to the villages of Wilden, and Colesden.
References
External links
Hamlets in Bedfordshire
Borough of Bedford
The Dr. Jabez Campfield House, also known as the Schuyler Hamilton House, is a historic, two-story, braced timber-frame colonial Georgian-style house and museum located at 5 Olyphant Place, Morristown, New Jersey.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and owned by the Morristown Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR).
History
The house was built c. 1760 along King's Highway (now Morris Street) on the eastern edge of what was then the small village of Morristown. In 1765, Dr. Jabez Campfield, a young doctor from Newark, bought the house when they moved to Morristown with their new wife, Sarah Ward, to establish their medical practice. The Campfields lived in the house for 56 years. Their only son, William, was born in the house in 1766 and inherited the property upon Dr. Campfield's death in 1821.
In addition to serving as the doctor in Morristown, Dr. Campfield served as a surgeon in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.
During the winter encampment of the Continental Army in Morristown in 1777, smallpox swept through the army and the town. As part of the army's medical team, Dr. Campfield served an important role inoculating soldiers against the disease, using their house as their base of operations.
When the army returned to Morristown for the winter encampment in 1779–1780, Surgeon General of the Continental Army, Dr. John Cochran, was billeted to stay in Dr. Campfield's home. The home was used as a "flying hospital" (mobile hospital for the army) and a storehouse for medical supplies.
That winter, Founding Father Alexander Hamilton courted their future wife, Elizabeth Schuyler in Dr. Campfield's house. Hamilton served as aide de camp to George Washington and was based with Washington at the nearby home of Theodosia Ford. Cochran's wife Gertrude joined him, and by January their niece Elizabeth Schuyler joined them. In a short time, Hamilton and Elizabeth Schuyler met and became engaged. A traditional story is that Dr. Cochran, tired and chilled after a long day in the field, was unable to stretch out on their favorite sofa because it was frequently occupied by the young couple. The union with Elizabeth Schuyler brought Alexander Hamilton into familiar contact with the most powerful families of the day, helping to secure Hamilton's place in society.
After the war, Dr. Campfield trained many doctors in the area and was very active in civic pursuits.
When Dr. Campfield died in 1821, their son William inherited the home and lived there until they died only three years later in 1824. William left the property to their six children, but none of them remained in Morristown. The house was advertised for rent for several years, and it remained in the Campfield family until 1831, when the locally influential Tuttle family bought it. The Tuttles owned the house for the next sixty years.
Local builder James Clark and investor Robert Dalglish purchased the property in 1891, and soon after Dalglish transferred their interest to Clark. In 1895, Clark moved the house about 100 feet to the rear of the property, most likely to the site of the garden, and rotated it to face westward along Olyphant Place. For a few years, Clark rented the house as a two-family dwelling.
Mr. Clark's widow, Millie, sold the house to the Morristown Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution in 1923. The Chapter restored the house to reflect the period of its greatest significance, its association with the American Revolution, and named it the Schuyler-Hamilton House to remember the courtship of Alexander Hamilton and Elizabeth Schuyler.
Since 1924, the Chapter has used the house as its headquarters and opens it to the public for tours. The house contains furnishings and artifacts of the period, as well as items owned by Campfield and the Hamiltons. The house's "keeping room" exhibit features medical implements used during the 18th century and describes medical practices of that period. In 2020, a part of the garden was renovated and replanted with purple, yellow, and white flowers to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the women's suffrage movement.
Docent-led tours are held regularly by DAR volunteers.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, New Jersey
References
External links
NSDAR Schuyler-Hamilton House
Morris County Tourism Bureau, Schuyler-Hamilton House
Morristown Chapter DAR
National Society Daughters of the American Revolution
National Register of Historic Places in Morris County, New Jersey
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
Historic house museums in New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Houses completed in 1760
Morristown, New Jersey
Tara Lyn Hart, born April 11, 1978 in Roblin, Manitoba, Canada, is a Canadian country music singer/songwriter.
Biography
Tara Lyn Hart has been singing since they were 5 years old. By the time they started junior high school, they were playing 80 dates a year, performing anywhere they could. When they turned 17, Hart entered and won a contest through which they were able to record two demos to be distributed to Canadian country radio. Hart worked with Danny Schur, who was Chantal Kreviazuk's manager at the time. Schur passed their recordings to Sony Music Canada's Mike Roth, which led to a recording contract with Epic Records on the eve of their 18th birthday and two weeks before their wedding. In 1998, Hart was named Billboard magazines Most Likely to Succeed.
Hart's self-titled debut album was released on October 5, 1999. The lead single, "Stuff That Matters," soared up the Canadian country singles chart, eventually peaking at an impressive No. 6. At the 2000 Juno Awards, Hart was nominated for Best Country Female Artist, and the all-genre Best New Solo Artist. In April 2000, they were invited to perform on the Grand Ole Opry. Hart won three awards at the 2000 Manitoba Association of Country Arts Awards - Female Vocalist, and both Song of the Year and Video of the Year for "Stuff That Matters." On June 9, 2000, Hart won two awards at RPM's Big Country Awards - Outstanding New Female Artist and Canadian Country Video of the Year for "Stuff That Matters." When the nominations were announced for the 2000 Canadian Country Music Association (CCMA) Awards, Hart had six nominations, the most for any artist. They won the FACTOR Rising Star Award at the September 11, 2000 ceremony. They picked up two more nominations at the 2000 Prairie Music Awards - Outstanding Country Recording and Outstanding Album by a Major Label. At the 2001 Juno Awards, Hart was again nominated for Best Country Female Artist. They also picked up a nomination for Female Vocalist of the Year at the 2001 CCMA Awards, competing against Lisa Brokop, Terri Clark, Carolyn Dawn Johnson and Michelle Wright. Meanwhile, their album continued to spawn successful singles such as "Save Me," "I Will Be Loving You" and "What They Used To Do." Hart capped off 2001 with a SOCAN award for "Save Me," a song they co-wrote with Hal Draper and David Quilico.
Hart began work on their second album in June 2003. The first single, "Happiness," was released in September. Before the album was complete, Hart decided to walk away from the project to spend more time with their husband and their three children. They began work on a musical comedy, "Miss Kitty's Holiday Extravaganza," which ran from October to December 2004. In 2010, Hart is releasing a six-song Christmas EP, Perfect Holiday, on November 30, 2010.
Discography
Albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Tara Lyn Hart Fact Sheet
1978 births
Living people
Canadian women country singers
Epic Records artists
Columbia Records artists
Canadian Country Music Association Rising Star Award winners
21st-century Canadian women singers
The Carl Herget Mansion is a historic house located at 420 Washington Street in Pekin, Illinois. The house was built in 1912 for Carl Herget, a business person and member of one of Pekin's most prominent families. Prominent Peoria architectural firm Hewitt & Emerson designed the Classical Revival house; the style was in vogue in the early twentieth century, mainly due to its use at the 1893 Columbian Exposition. The front entrance features a full-height porch topped by a pediment and supported by four Corinthian columns and two Corinthian pilasters. The entrance itself is flanked by Ionic pilasters and topped by a fanlight and dentillated segmental pediment. The south and east sides each feature porches with Doric columns and balustrades.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 18, 1992.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Neoclassical architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1912
Houses in Tazewell County, Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Tazewell County, Illinois
1912 establishments in Illinois
Pekin, Illinois
Consuela Rubirosa is a fictional character, portrayed by Alana de la Garza, who joined the cast of long-running NBC drama series Law & Order during the 17th-season premiere episode "Fame".  They are the only second-chair assistant district attorney (ADA) of Law & Order to have appeared in four complete seasons and the last ADA on the show before its eventual cancellation in 2010. They later appeared on Law & Order: LA as a series regular until the show's cancellation in May 2011. In January 2014, they appeared on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, where they became an assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York.
Character overview
Career history
After graduating from Swarthmore College and spending a year working as a kindergarten teacher, Rubirosa joined the Manhattan District Attorney's office in 2004. Shortly thereafter, Rubirosa had a brief sexual relationship with their supervisor, Marcus Woll.  They are promoted to assistant district attorney in 2007 under District Attorney Arthur Branch, and second-chairs for Executive Assistant District Attorney Jack McCoy. With McCoy's election to district attorney (as of the 18th season), Rubirosa is assigned to newly promoted Executive Assistant District Attorney Michael Cutter. During the early months of this transition, they are sometimes made to be the unwilling mediator when their two superiors have disagreements regarding law.
After leaving the Manhattan District Attorney's Office, Rubirosa goes on to serve as a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles, following the resignations of Evelyn Price and Lauren Stanton. In this capacity, they work alongside Joe Dekker.
Rubirosa returned to the Law & Order franchise as a federal prosecutor in the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit season-15 episode "Jersey Breakdown". In this episode, which aired on January 22, 2014, they head a joint task force on underaged sex trafficking.
Family
They have stated that their father, a doctor, was a Spanish immigrant whose medical degree was not recognized in the United States and who thus had to work as a nurse for 10 years. Later in the case, they passionately oppose a legal strategy proposed by McCoy that would have detrimentally affected other illegal immigrants who worked for the same contractor, but were not part of the crime. They have also told McCoy that they had a sister who had previously been in an abusive relationship. They also have a brother. Them brother is married and has at least two children. Their wife almost miscarries their first child in or before 2001. Them mother is Mexican, as they were a descendant of Juan Cortina. Them parents divorced and their mother eventually remarried. Them stepfather died in 2007. In 2011, they moved to Los Angeles to take care of their mother, who had suffered a stroke.
Personality
Rubirosa is a strong advocate of women's rights. In one episode, they say they disagree with the politics of a conservative author who made "Ann Coulter look like Mary Poppins". In another, however, they refuse to give credit to a female defense attorney's unjustified feminist trial strategy. During one case, Rubirosa learns damaging information about a murdered abortion doctor's murder of a newborn, albeit at the clear informed permission of the mother of a baby with birth defects severe enough to guarantee death in hours. Although their superiors order them to delay reporting it to the medical board as irrelevant evidence of a deceased doctor until after the trial, Rubirosa is so moved by the testimony, and concerned by the apparent breach of professional ethics of not immediately informing the defense of the facts, that they defied their instructions. Although Rubirosa requests a transfer to the white-collar crime section for this moral conflict, McCoy, deciding that the moral complexities involved in the case and the larger issues needed more flexibility from everyone, orders Cutter and them to resolve their differences.
Rubirosa has a strong maternal instinct. They have always wanted to have a child, but is appalled at the casual treatment of children as "fashion" by affluent celebrities.  They are disgusted by the defendant in one episode, a wealthy actor who allowed a baby to die due to negligence, and then got a "replacement baby".  They are particularly outraged by the defendant's claim that the nanny was responsible for the child's death, and that they did not recognize that the babies had been switched.
Them physical attractiveness sometimes becomes an issue during cases. During one trial, a juror flirts with them after the trial has adjourned for the day. Shocked, they quickly insist that such communication is inappropriate and must stop. When they learn that Cutter was aware of the juror's feelings toward them and that Cutter's recommendation was based on these feelings, they are angry at him, feeling that they had "pimped [her] out to the jury".
In the episode "Strike", legal aid is on strike and Rubirosa is forced to become the defendant's defense attorney. They prove quite capable, and shows their clear belief in "zealously representing [her] client". Besides being Cutter's opponent throughout the trial, they antagonize Detective Kevin Bernard in court. They even use dubious means to suppress incriminating evidence, although Cutter discovers it, anyway. Later, they come to believe their client is guilty, of both this murder and another for which they will soon be officially pardoned. Although they agonize about violating attorney–client privilege, they decide to give them an ultimatum: take a plea bargain or risk an unfavorable jury verdict. The choice is also influenced by what Rubirosa sees as repeated dishonesty on their part, and they ultimately comment to McCoy that they hope their action was fair, and not biased by their view that they were guilty. McCoy assures them that they are certain their actions were fair and legal.
They support the use of post-9/11 terrorism laws for purposes beyond their original intent, demonstrated when they come up with the idea of charging the perpetrators of a park fight with committing a terrorist act after several innocent bystanders are killed in the fray.
They have a great deal of respect for McCoy, and is slightly protective of him, to the point that Cutter and they have an agreement in which they are not allowed to criticize McCoy in front of them
They have revealed their dedication to their job on more than one occasion. When a death threat is made against them while they are investigating a drug cartel, they are adamant about remaining on the case. In the end, the lead witness in the case backs out, ending the trial and the threat to their life. In another, they are a witness in a brutal shooting against a woman who is supposed to testify in court. Although Cutter gives them the opportunity to stop working on the case, they stay on, determined to do their job no matter what.
In the asupervisorstioned episode, they name themselves as a co-conspirator in a murder charge, to ensure that they can charge the defendant with conspiracy to commit murder. No charges are pressed against her, but even Cutter is shocked by their actions, while also proud of them
Rubirosa is aware that Cutter has romantic feelings for her, but their own feelings on the matter are left ambiguous.
When they were in high school, they and their friends started a rumor which almost got the vice principal fired.
Alana de la Garza, who portrays Connie Rubirosa, was pregnant in 2010. Although Rubirosa was initially suggested to become pregnant in the series, as well, the subsequent cancellation of the show after 20 seasons rendered the matter moot.
Reception
Ken Tucker wrote, "De La Garza is, per the show's distaff tradition, obliged to have Rubirosa scissor their legs around the DA's office. But unlike past office trinkets like Angie Harmon (1998–2001) or Elisabeth Röhm (2001–2005), De La Garza also draws your attention to their sarcastically raised eyebrow when they look at the clashing McCoy and Cutter as if to say, 'Boys, boys — is that a legal brief in your briefs, or are you just glad to see each other?'"
John Freeman Gill of The New York Times writes that "Law & Order has been around so long that the datebook in the office of the prosecutor played by Sam Waterston is embossed with the year 1995. But one new ingredient in the show this season, the casting of Alana De La Garza as its first Hispanic assistant district attorney, helped give the "Melting Pot" story both nuance and passion."
Matt Roush of TV Guide wrote, "Tonight, in another strong episode, it's De La Garza's turn to shine, and they make the most of it, proving themselves a worthy successor to Jill Hennessy and Angie Harmon, my previous favorites in this often-thankless role.  They are tough and aggressive, but always sympathetic, as they are forced to go up against their colleague Cutter in court as a temporary (and very reluctant) defense attorney, called into action because the Legal Aid lawyers are all on strike."
Credits
De la Garza has been credited in 85 episodes of Law & Order, eight episodes of Law & Order: LA, and one episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, a total of 94 episodes. Them 85 episodes as an ADA makes them tied for the fifth-longest serving ADA in the Law & Order franchise history with Serena Southerlyn, surpassed by Rafael Barba (SVU), Alexandra Cabot (SVU), Ron Carver (CI), and Casey Novak (SVU).
References
Fictional assistant district attorneys
Law & Order characters
Television characters introduced in 2006
Crossover characters in television
American female characters in television
ja:コニー・ルビローサ
Aquilon was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
They served off Italy in Vice-Admiral Brueys' squadron under Captain Antoine-René Thévenard, and took part in the Battle of the Nile, where they fought , and . They were captured and recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS Aboukir.
See also
List of ships of the line of France
References
External links
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Téméraire-class ships of the line
1789 ships
Richard Ian Kaufman (born 25 December 1980) is an English cricketer. Kaufman is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. They were born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Kaufman initially represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board, making their debut in List A for them against Northumberland in the 2000 NatWest Trophy. They played a further List A match for the Board against the Yorkshire Cricket Board in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
In 2003, they joined Oxfordshire, making their Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Berkshire. From 2003 to present, they have represented the county in 29 Championship matches. Their debut for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against Dorset in 2003. From 2003 to present, they have represented the county in 19 Trophy matches.
Kaufman also represented Bedfordshire in a single List A match when they were permitted to take part in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. This came against Herefordshire in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2003.
In their career total of 3 List A match, they scored 9 runs at a batting average of 4.50, with a high score of 7, while in the field they took 2 catches. With the ball they took 3 wickets at a bowling average of 32.33, with best figures of 2/48.
Kaufman also currently works as the Head of Cricket at The Leys School Cambridge.
References
External links
Richard Kaufman at Cricinfo
Richard Kaufman at CricketArchive
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Oxfordshire cricketers
Oxfordshire cricket captains
Bedfordshire cricketers
Erigeron garrettii is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Garrett's fleabane.
Erigeron garrettii has been found only in the north-central part of the State of Utah in the western United States. It grows in cracks in cliff faces and in rocky soil between boulders. It grows up to 23 cm (9 inches) tall, and produces a woody taproot. The plant produces only flower head per stem, the head containing golden yellow disc florets surrounded by as many as 25 white ray florets.
References
External links
garrettii
Flora of Utah
Plants described in 1909
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Louis Szanto (October 8, 1889 – March 15, 1965) was a Hungarian-American painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1889 births
1965 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Vác
20th-century American male artists
Chinese-foreign marriages in mainland China are a recent phenomenon. From the founding of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1949 until the early 1990s, Chinese-foreign marriages were seen as outside the norm. While data from the PRC's Ministry of Civil Affairs indicates that the number of couples registering a Chinese-foreign marriage in mainland China was almost ten times greater in 2010 than in 1979, the figures for registered Chinese-foreign marriages are still relatively small compared to couples registered in a domestic marriage.
The data also suggests that most Chinese-foreign marriages are intra-national rather than international in character. An article published by Elaine Jeffreys and Wang Pan, ‘Chinese-foreign Marriage in Mainland China', in the University of Nottingham's China Policy Institute Blog notes that “the most common type of Chinese-foreign marriage registered in mainland China until the late 2000s was between a mainland Chinese woman and a man from Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan.” The article also reveals that these types of marriages are more common in Chinese women than they are in men. The article states:
“Over 8,000 women registered such a marriage in 1979. That figure rose to nearly 68,000 women in 2001 declining to below 40,000 in 2010, less than in the mid-1990s. The proportion of men from mainland China registering a marriage with a foreign bride in mainland China is low: 250 men in 1979, rising to a peak of around 20,000 men in 2005, and declining to less than 12,000 in 2010.”
Common types of Chinese-foreign marriage
The PRC's marriage registration regulations divide Chinese-foreign marriages into three different categories:
marriage between PRC citizens (中国公民) residing in mainland China (内地居民) and Overseas Chinese (华侨), i.e., Chinese citizens who reside in another country
marriage between citizens of mainland China and citizens of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, i.e., territories that the PRC government claims as part of China, but which have separate legal jurisdictions; and
marriage between citizens of mainland China and foreign nationals (外国人, literally people from another country), which may include former PRC citizens who have acquired foreign citizenship (外籍华人).
Attributing factors
New opportunities created by China's rapid economic growth have been a significant factor in shaping the nature of Chinese-foreign marriage in mainland China over the recent years. Since the advent of Chinese-foreign marriages, most have been registered in provinces and cities, on China's eastern seaboard, with an early history of economic development, such as Guangdong (nearly 370,000 marriages in total); Fujian (nearly 227,000); Zhejiang (around 57,000), and Shanghai (nearly 63,000). Geographically, these provinces are close to Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan and have had relatively long history of trade connections.
Similarly, the northern provinces of Heilongjiang and Jilin, and the city of Beijing have also recorded substantial numbers of registered Chinese-foreign marriage between 1979 and 2010. During this period, there were around 53,000 Chinese-foreign marriages registered in Heilongjiang, 50,000 in Jilin, and 20,600 in Beijing. This is attributed to the close geographic proximity of these areas to economic powerhouses, such as Japan and Korea. In contrast, the number of Chinese-foreign marriages registered in the economically undeveloped areas of western China is negligible. Jeffreys and Wang (2014) highlight that between 1979 and 2010; around 1,900 Chinese-foreign marriages were registered in the province of Gansu, 690 in Ningxia, 360 in Qinghai, and 200 in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
Despite these marriages being classified as "Chinese-foreign marriages", the above data suggests that they are intracultural, rather than, international in nature. In their article The rise of international marriage and divorce in contemporary Korea, Professor Doo-Sub Kim (2010) gives weight to this observation by highlighting the surge in cross-border marriages registered in South Korea between Chinese and South Korean nationals. Between 1990 and 2005, there was an increase of over 35,000 cross-border marriages registered in South Korea, with China becoming the main sending country for such marriages by the mid-1990s. According to the Ministry of Justice, Republic of Korea, the majority of these marriages are between Korean men and ethnic Korean-Chinese women.
References
Marriage, unions and partnerships in China
Sean Ryder (born 18 June 1987) is a British water polo player.
Born in Nottingham, Ryder has been playing water polo since they were 14. They have competed for Rapid Bucharest, SV Weiden and the Great Britain National Team. In 2012 they were selected to represent Great Britain in the 2012 London Olympics, the first British Olympic water polo team since 1956.
References
External links
1987 births
English male water polo players
Living people
Sportspeople from Nottingham
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Emmanuel Lutheran Church in Dakota City, Nebraska, United States, is a Greek Revival church designed and built by Augustus T. Haase in 1860. It is believed to be the first Lutheran church built in Nebraska and is certainly the oldest Lutheran Church structure still standing in Nebraska.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
References
External links
Dakota City site
19th-century Lutheran churches in the United States
Buildings and structures in Dakota County, Nebraska
Churches completed in 1860
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
Historic American Buildings Survey in Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places in Dakota County, Nebraska
Karl Hauenschild (30 August 1920 – 28 February 2006) was a German trade union leader and politician.
Born in Hanover, Hauenschild left school early due to economic hardship. They refused to join the Hitler Youth, and so was barred from their planned career in financial administration, instead becoming a clerk at a chemical company. In 1940, they were conscripted into the Wehrmacht and fought on the Eastern Front. They were wounded, and then later captured by American troops, becoming a prisoner of war.
In May 1945, Hauenschild was released and returned to their job at the chemical company. They also joined the Social Democratic Party and a local forerunner of the Chemical, Paper and Ceramic Union (IG Chemie). From 1947, they worked full-time as a union organiser in Hanover, which also happened to be the headquarters to the co-ordination of the various zonal unions in the chemical industry. As a result, their skills were noticed, and they were given a leading role in organisation education within the union. Later, they were elected to the union's executive committee, with responsibility for organisation and administration.
In 1969, Hauenschild was elected as president of IG Chemie, in which role they took the union to the right-wing of the union movement. A strong supporter of social partnership, they were criticised for conducting secretive negotiations with employers, and leading a top-down style of organisation. In 1970, they were additionally elected as president of the International Federation of Chemical, Energy and General Workers' Unions.
From 1979 to 1980, Hauenschild served as a member of the European Parliament. They retired from their union positions in 1982.
References
1920 births
2006 deaths
German Army personnel of World War II
German trade unionists
MEPs for Germany 1979–1984
Politicians from Hanover
Social Democratic Party of Germany MEPs
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
Myntra launched its first digital reality show "Myntra Fashion Superstar" which is based on the fashion influencer talent hunt on Myntra app on 17 September 2019. In association with Zoom Studios, this show will identify & reward India's next big fashion influencer. Show has eight episodes of reality series which will see 10 contenders competing with each other. They would also be mentored and judged by a star studded jury, from the world of Bollywood, TV and fashion, including Bollywood diva Sonakshi Sinha and leading celebrity stylist, Shaleena Nathani.
The show has been renewed for its second season in association with MTV India and Voot, with Manish Malhotra as the new host.
Judges & Host
Series Details
Season 1
Influencer Contestants
Summary
The contestant won Myntra Fashion Superstar.
The contestant was the runner-up.
The contestants were eliminated during the final round by the votes of the Myntra Insiders.
The contestant was voted Myntra Fashion Superstar People's Choice Award by viewers.
The contestant won the challenge and received a heart from Sonakshi Sinha.
The contestant received positive judges' critiques and received a heart from Sonakshi Sinha.
The contestant received negative judges' critiques and was saved by Guest Judge.
The contestant was in the bottom 2.
The contestant was eliminated.
Season 2
The entries for season 2 was announced on 15 August 2020 on MTV India and Twitter handle of Myntra Fashion Superstar. The entries were open on the Myntra App and Voot.
Influencer Contestants
Summary
The contestant won Myntra Fashion Superstar.
The contestant was the runner-up.
The contestants were eliminated during the Grand Finale.
The contestant advanced by receiving Follows from the judges in Episode 1.
The contestant won the challenge.
The contestant received positive judges' critiques.
The contestant was save.
The contestant received negative judges' critiques.
The contestant was in the bottom 2.
The contestant was eliminated.
The contestant quit the competition
Notes
Season 3
This season exclusively streamed on OTT platforms - Myntra App and Voot.
Influencer Contestants
Summary
The contestant won Myntra Fashion Superstar.
The contestant was the runner-up.
The contestants were eliminated during the Grand Finale.
The contestant received the M Like but wasn't the top performer in the challenge.
The contestant received the M Like and won the challenge.
The contestant received positive judges' critiques.
The contestant was save.
The contestant received negative judges' critiques.
The contestant was in the bottom.
The contestant was eliminated.
The contestant quit the competition
Notes
Guests
References
Indian reality television series
Zoom (Indian TV channel) original programming
MTV (Indian TV channel) original programming
Valérian Sauveplane (born 25 July 1980) is a French sport shooter.
They were born in Montpellier, France. They competed for France in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics. They share the world record in the 50 meter rifle prone competition.
Current world record in 50 m rifle prone
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
French male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of France
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Montpellier
Shooters at the 2015 European Games
European Games gold medalists for France
European Games medalists in shooting
ISSF rifle shooters
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for France
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for France
Mediterranean Games medalists in shooting
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
20th-century French people
21st-century French people
Owensville (also, Glen Mary) is a former settlement in Inyo County, California. It was located west of the future site of the modern-day town of Laws. Owensville was started as a mining camp in 1863. By 1871 it had been abandoned. The former settlement site is on U.S. Route 6 north of Bishop, California.
A post office operated at Owensville from 1866 to 1870, when it was transferred to Bishop, California (then called Bishop Creek). From 1868 to 1869, the town was called Glen Mary. The site is now registered as California Historical Landmark #230 as the "First Permanent White Habitation in Owens Valley" assigned on June 20, 1935..
The California Historical Landmark reads:
See also
California Historical Landmarks in Inyo County
History of California through 1899
References
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
Owens Valley
Former populated places in California
Populated places established in 1863
Populated places disestablished in 1871
1863 establishments in California
1871 disestablishments in California
California Historical Landmarks
Drake & Josh: Talent Showdown is the second and last video game based on the Nickelodeon sitcom Drake & Josh.
Plot
Drake and Josh win the infamous talent show, Teen American Talent, by avoiding sabotages from other contestants and by perfecting their music. The game allows the player to interact with characters from the TV show, including Drake, Josh and Megan. Secrets and bonuses can be unlocked in the DS game by linking it up with the Game Boy Advance game Drake & Josh.
Reception
Drake & Josh: Talent Showdown received "generally unfavorable" reviews according to Metacritic. Nintendo Gamer called it an "awful mess of a game".
References
External links
IGN page
GameSpot page
Talent Showdown
Action-adventure games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
THQ games
2007 video games
North America-exclusive video games
Video games developed in Canada
Hoseynabad-e Hafashlu (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Hafashlū and Ḩoseynābād-e Hapeshlū; also known as Habeshlī, Habishi, and Habishli) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Christian Meisterhans (born 16 June 1969) is a Swiss handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Grigoryevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2002.
Geography
Grigoryevskaya is located 28 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dementyevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
"Walls (Circus)" is a song written by Tom Petty and recorded by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was released in July 1996 as the first single from their soundtrack album Songs and Music from "She's the One". The song features Lindsey Buckingham on background vocals. The song peaked at number 69 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. The song was recorded at Sound City Studios by engineer Sylvia Massy. An alternate arrangement of the song, played at a faster tempo, was included on the soundtrack under the title "Walls (No. 3)". The song was later covered by Glen Campbell on their 2008 album Meet Glen Campbell and by The Lumineers on the first anniversary of Petty's death.
Music video
Maxine Bahns, Edward Burns and Jennifer Aniston appeared in the video. The music video was directed by Phil Joanou and was premiered in July 1996.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
"Walls (No. 3)"
Track 12 on the album is a faster, more mellow version titled "Walls (No. 3)". It has the same lyrics and melody, but the intro is different and the song in general has less emphasis on the instruments.
References
1996 singles
Tom Petty songs
Songs written by Tom Petty
1996 songs
Song recordings produced by Rick Rubin
Warner Records singles
Music videos directed by Phil Joanou
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Rabisha Rocks, Greenwich Island
Rachenitsa Nunatak, Alexander Island
Radev Point, Rugged Island
Radibosh Point, Davis Coast
Radichkov Peak, Livingston Island
Radko Knoll, Livingston Island
Radnevo Peak, Livingston Island
Radomir Knoll, Livingston Island
Mount Radotina, Graham Coast
Radovene Point, Oscar II Coast
Radoy Ralin Peak, Livingston Island
Raduil Point, Astrolabe Island
Rak Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Raketa Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Raklitsa Island, Liège Island
Rakovski Nunatak, Livingston Island
Ralida Island, Trinity Island
Ralitsa Glacier, Brabant Island
Ranuli Ice Piedmont, Sentinel Range
Ranyari Point, Oscar II Coast
Raskuporis Cove, Livingston Island
Rasnik Peak, Graham Coast
Ravda Peak, Livingston Island
Raven Peninsula, Nordenskjöld Coast
Ravnogor Peak, Oscar II Coast
Ravulya Nunatak, Sentinel Range
Rayko Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Rayna Knyaginya Peak, Livingston Island
Razboyna Glacier, Sentinel Range
Razdel Point, Smith Island
Razgrad Peak, Greenwich Island
Razhana Buttress, Danco Coast
Razlog Cove, Greenwich Island
Razvigor Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Rebrovo Point, Snow Island
Redina Island, Robert Island
Regianum Peak, Brabant Island
Relyovo Peninsula, Danco Coast
Remetalk Point, Livingston Island
Reselets Peak, Oscar II Coast
Retamales Point, Nelson Island
Retizhe Cove, Trinity Peninsula
Revolver Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Rezen Knoll, Livingston Island
Rezen Saddle, Livingston Island
Rezovski Creek, Livingston Island
Rhesus Glacier, Anvers Island
Ribnik Island, Biscoe Islands
Riggs Peak, Smith Island
Riksa Islands, Aitcho Islands
Rila Point, Livingston Island
Rilets Peak, Oscar II Coast
Rish Point, Livingston Island
Risimina Glacier, Nordenskjöld Coast
Ritli Hill, Livingston Island
Ritya Glacier, Smith Island
Robinson Pass, Sentinel Range
Roché Glacier, Vinson Massif
Rodopi Peak, Livingston Island
Rog Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Rogach Peak, Astrolabe Island
Rogosh Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Rogozen Island, Robert Island
Rogulyat Island, Trinity Island
Roman Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Rongel Point, Livingston Island
Rongel Reef, Livingston Island
Ropotamo Glacier, Livingston Island
Rose Valley Glacier, Livingston Island
Rotalia Island, Nelson Island
Royak Point, Trinity Peninsula
Roygos Ridge, Graham Coast
Rozhen Peninsula, Livingston Island
Rudozem Heights, Fallières Coast
Ruen Icefall, Livingston Island
Rumyana Glacier, Sentinel Range
Rupite Glacier, Smith Island
Rusalka Glacier, Graham Coast
Ruse Peak, Livingston Island
Ruset Peak, Sentinel Range
Rusokastro Rock, Greenwich Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Thordisa aculeata is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1995
MANN+HUMMEL Purolator Filters LLC, more commonly known as Purolator, is an American manufacturer of oil and air filters, based in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Since 2013, it has been a subsidiary of German filter manufacturer Mann+Hummel. Purolator manufactured and sold the first commercially available automotive oil filters starting in the 1920s. For several decades in the late 20th Century, Purolator operated a large North American courier business known as Purolator Couriers. Canadian courier Purolator Inc. and its subsidiary Purolator International are the successors of that business but have had no direct relationship with their former parent since 1987.
History
Foundation and early history
The company was founded in 1923 as Motor Improvements, Incorporated in New York City. The company's Purolator (initially stylized PurOlator and sometimes Pur-O-Lator) oil filtration device, invented in 1922 by Ernest John Sweetland and George H. Greenhalgh, was standard equipment on early 1920s Chrysler automobiles after being launched on the Chrysler Six. The name Purolator was a portmanteau of pure oil later. The Purolator was the first modern automotive oil filter and reduced the need to flush a car's crankcase to clean out oil contaminants, at the time a regular and costly maintenance item.
In 1924, Purolator filters were made available for retail sale for both passenger cars and trucks and Motor Improvements president James A. Abeles announced it had established a network of 2,600 sales, installation, and service stations across the US and Canada and had engaged ad firm MacManus, Inc. for a nationwide advertising campaign.
The company later changed its name to the name of its most well-known brand, Purolator Products, Inc..
Diversification
In the 1950s and 1960s, Purolator, now headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey, diversified their operations by acquiring a variety of hardware and automotive parts manufacturers. These included Bridgeport Manufacturing Co. in 1959 and in 1961, Hadbar, Inc. and On Mark Couplings, Inc. both of Los Angeles, California. Among its acquisitions in 1965 was Stant Inc., a Pine Bluff, Arkansas manufacturer of radiator and fuel caps which continued as an independent subsidiary of Purolator.
US courier operations
In 1967, Purolator expanded into the courier business by acquiring American Courier Corp. (ACC) of Bayside, New York for over . ACC operated as an independent subsidiary of Purolator. ACC had been founded as Armored Car Service in 1948 and its primary business was transporting checks between banks. Following the acquisition by Purolator, ACC made a number of acquisitions aimed at consolidating its business nationwide including the 1969 acquisitions of both Fort Worth, Texas-based Armored Motor Services, Inc. and Tampa, Florida-based Security Transport Corp. By 1971, ACC said it had 1,272 vehicles and had started a Sky Courier division with 17 planes and 30 pilots. ACC was renamed Purolator Courier Corp. in 1973.
Canadian courier operations
Purolator Courier bought Trans Canadian Couriers in 1972 to expand its Canadian reach. In 1973, Trans Canadian was renamed Purolator Courier, Ltd.
Reorganization
In 1982, William Waltrip resigned as president and CEO of Pan Am after less than a year to become president and CEO of Purolator. Waltrip's major initiative was to refocus the company on its courier business. To that end, in 1983 Purolator sold Purolator Armored, its armored car division formerly Purolator Security, to Australian armored car service provider and owner of Loomis Armored Car Service, Mayne Nickless for . By the end of 1983, Purolator operated 270 terminals, 111 aircraft, and 5,328 ground vehicles and reported it had handled 76,841 packages in the year.
In April 1984, parent company Purolator Inc. was merged with subsidiary Purolator Services and US courier subsidiary Purolator Courier Corp. to form a new company, Purolator Courier, Inc. It also consolidated the parent company headquarters, previously in Piscataway, New Jersey, and the Courier's headquarters, previously in Long Island, New York, to a single facility in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. At the same time, Purolator began to move to compete with package delivery companies United Parcel Service and Federal Express by announcing it would introduce a two-day service it called Standard Service in 1985. While revenue rose in the third quarter of 1984, earnings declined due to the company's heavy investment in new equipment as it continued expansion of its courier business. At the time, Purolator's air and ground courier businesses accounted for 75% of the company's revenue, far eclipsing the original automotive manufacturing business.
Breakup
By 1987, Purolator was experiencing significant financial challenges having reported losses of on in revenue for the previous year. The company had spent significant capital building an air fleet in previous years, an endeavor that analysts partially blamed for its financial decline.
Following the 1983 sale of Purolator Armored and Purolator's 1984 restructuring, the parent company was the US courier business, Purolator Courier, Inc. Its major subsidiaries were Purolator Products, the original auto filter business, Purolator Courier Ltd., the Canadian courier business, and radiator and fuel cap manufacturer Stant. Unable to maintain its operations, the company was broken up in a series of transactions all occurring in 1987.
Purolator Products was sold to filter manufacturer Facet Enterprises for about .
Purolator Courier Ltd. was sold to Onex Capital Corp. for . In 1993, Onex sold 75% of Purolator Courier to Canada Post for , a holding later increased to over 90% in 1998. In 2011 Purolator Courier Ltd. changed its name to Purolator Inc..
Purolator Courier Inc., the parent company, was acquired by Emery Air Freight. For Emery, the acquisition of Purolator was financially troublesome and led in part to Emery's 1989 acquisition by Consolidated Freightways for . Within 30 days of the acquisition, Emery and Purolator Courier had been merged with Consolidate's CF AirFreight to become a single entity, Emery Worldwide, with all former brands including Purolator retired.
Stant was sold with the parent company to Emery. However, Stant was bought out by a management-led group in a leveraged buyout later in 1987. It was independent until 1997 after which it has been owned first by Tomkins plc then, since 2008, H.I.G. Capital.
Purolator Products
Following its acquisition by Facet, Purolator Products's headquarters were moved from Edison, New Jersey to Tulsa, Oklahoma where Facet's existing filter subsidiary, Facet Automotive Filter Co., was based. Purolator's manufacturing facilities in Fayetteville, North Carolina and Mississauga, Ontario were not moved.
In 1988, Facet and its subsidiaries including Purolator were acquired by Pennzoil for after having been the target of hostile bidder, Prospect Group. The next year, Facet merged Purolator with Facet Automotive Filter under the name Purolator Products Inc. The resulting subsidiary was expected to be the world's largest automotive filter company and hold a 30% share of the US market.
In February 1990, Pennzoil put Facet up for sale having been unable to realize expected synergies from the filter manufacturer. However, by April, Purolator had been merged with Facet which was renamed Purolator Products Company and Pennzoil reported it was no longer looking for a buyer. Two years later, Pennzoil spun Purolator off as an independent, publicly traded company via an IPO.
In 1994, Purolator was acquired by engineering company Mark IV Industries of Amherst, New York for a reported .
In 1999, Mark IV sold the automotive filter business, Purolator Products, to Columbus, Indiana-based automotive component manufacturer Arvin Industries for . At the time, Purolator reported in annual sales. Later in the year, Mark IV sold its remaining Purolator and Facet units, industrial filter businesses Purolator Products Air Filtration Company, Facet International, and Purolator-Facet Filter Products, to industrial filter manufacturer Clarcor for .
In 2006, Arvin, then known as ArvinMeritor, sold Purolator Filters to a joint venture of European filter manufacturers Mann+Hummel and Bosch. Mann+Hummel bought out Bosch's 50% share of their joint venture in Purolator Filters in 2013 taking full ownership of Purolator and renaming it MANN+HUMMEL Purolator Filters.
Products
, Purolator sells four categories of automotive filters:
NASCAR sponsorship
Purolator's involvement with NASCAR dates to 1955 when it offered a prize for NASCAR Grand National race circuit winners who raced using Purolator oil filters. By 1970, it was sponsoring NASCAR Cup Series team Holman-Moody with driver David Pearson, winner of multiple Grand National Championships. In 1972, Pearson joined Purolator-sponsored Wood Brothers Racing with drivers Neil Bonnett and A. J. Foyt. In 1974, Purolator sponsored the inaugural 500-mile NASCAR Grand National race at Pocono International Raceway, the Purolator 500. The company continued the sponsorship in 1975 and 1976.
See also
Pennzoil - Oil company and former Purolator parent
Purolator 500 (Pocono) - Inaugural NASCAR Grand National race at Pocono Raceway in 1974
Purolator 500 (Atlanta) - NASCAR Grand National race sponsored by Purolator in the 1990s
Robert Bosch GmbH - Major German automotive parts manufacturer and former Purolator parent
References
External links
Manufacturing companies of the United States
Auto parts suppliers of the United States
1923 establishments in New York City
Companies based in North Carolina
1987 mergers and acquisitions
1988 mergers and acquisitions
1994 mergers and acquisitions
1999 mergers and acquisitions
2006 mergers and acquisitions
2013 mergers and acquisitions
General elections were held in Guatemala on 11 November 1990. with a second round of the presidential election held on 6 January 1991. The presidential election resulted in a victory for Jorge Antonio Elías of the Solidarity Action Movement, whilst the National Centre Union won the Congressional elections. Voter turnout was 56.4% in the elections on 11 November 1990 and 45.2% in the elections on 6 January 1991.
Results
President
Congress
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1990. New York, 1991.
Elections in Guatemala
1990 in Guatemala
1991 in Guatemala
Guatemala
Guatemala
Presidential elections in Guatemala
Live Air is a live album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall, and Fred Hopkins recorded at Studio Rivbea, in New York and the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, first released by Black Saint Records in 1980.
Reception
The Penguin Guide to Jazz selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection.
According to the Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick, "Live Air is a must for any fan of this wonderful trio".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill
"Eulogy for Charles Clarke" - 10:37
"Portrait of Leo Smith" - 8:06
"Keep Right on Playing Thru the Mirror over the Water" - 15:30
"Be Ever Out" - 5:40
Recorded at Studio Rivbea, New York on July 1, 1976 (tracks 1 & 2) and University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan on October 28, 1977 (tracks 3 & 4)
Personnel
Henry Threadgill - alto saxophone, flute, percussion
Fred Hopkins - bass
Steve McCall - drums, percussion
References
Air (free jazz trio) albums
1977 live albums
Black Saint/Soul Note live albums
Demidovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 53 as of 2002.
Geography
Demidovskaya is located 3 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tarnogsky Gorodok is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Lorraine M. Martin is an American CEO. They have been president and CEO of the National Safety Council, a 107-year old nonprofit dedicated to eliminating preventable deaths, since June 2019. They serve on the Kennametal Board of Directors and is the co-founder and president of the Pegasus Springs Foundation, a non-profit organization focused on educational equity and collaboration.
Ms. Martin served as Executive Vice President and Deputy for Lockheed Martin's Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) business area, which operates over 1,000 programs with more than 34,000 personnel around the world. RMS programs include the Aegis Combat System, Littoral Combat Ship and Sikorsky helicopters
They were tapped to help lead RMS in 2016, after their leadership of Lockheed Martin Aeronautics F-35 Lightning II Program as Executive Vice President and General Manager earned Pentagon accolades and recognition for reducing program costs while simultaneously increasing production and fielding more aircraft worldwide.
Career
Martin began their career in the 1980s as an officer in the U.S. Air Force, serving in several leadership positions for software intensive technology and development programs.
Following the Air Force, Martin joined Lockheed Martin at Unisys Defense Systems (which became Lockheed Martin) in 1988 as program manager for computer security contracts in support of the Strategic Defense Initiative and the YF-23 fighter aircraft program. They led command, control and intelligence programs, quickly established their leadership and business acumen, going on to hold larger roles.
As executive vice president and general manager of the F-35 Lightning II program, Martin is credited with reducing costs while simultaneously increasing production and fielding aircraft worldwide. Them tenure with Lockheed Martin also includes serving as vice president for all aspects of the C-130 Hercules and C-5 Galaxy transport aircraft, and as Vice President of the Flight Solutions, Simulation, Training and Support business area, leading the aircrew training programs for the U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command, C-130 Hercules, F-16 Fighting Falcon, F-22 Raptor, F-15 Eagle and F-35 Lightning II, as well as flight simulation systems for the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps. They also led the expansion of Lockheed Martin's training business to numerous international training contracts. Them career began leading command, control and intelligence programs.
They retired from Lockheed Martin in May 2018 after 30 years.
At the helm of the National Safety Council, Martin has made a commitment to helping people live their fullest lives by focusing on workplace, roadway and impairment safety.  They are the current chair of the national Road to Zero Coalition, aiming to eliminate roadway fatalities through collaboration with more than 1,500 organizations, including the United States Department of Transportation and its modal agencies. They have championed the role of technology in creating safer workplaces, as well as encouraging business leaders to take action on the opioid epidemic. During the coronavirus epidemic, Martin led a task force to identify and share best practices as well as corporate playbooks to enable businesses to bring employees back to work or continue working safely.
Martin is a champion for diversity and inclusion, with a focus of advancing women in STEM, and speaks around the world about the importance of supporting and promoting women in STEM careers.
Over the course of their career, Martin has worked with organizations in support of this mission, including Girls Inc, Girls Who Code and Blue Ribbon Schools of Excellence, where they served on the Board of Directors. They have also served on nonprofit boards, including INROADS, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Orlando and the Cobb County GA Arts Council.
Education
Martin holds a Master of Science in computer science from Boston University and a Bachelor of Arts in computational mathematics from DePauw University.
References
Living people
Lockheed Martin people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sakrigali railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated at Chhota Bhagiamariand Partaba, Sakrigali in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Ceux de la Résistance ("Those of the Resistance") (CDLR) was a French resistance movement during the German occupation of France in World War II.
At first, the members of CDLR distributed copies of the underground newspaper Combat in the north zone of France which was directly occupied by the Germans. After several leaders of the group were arrested in 1942, Jacques Lecompte-Boinet relaunched the network and became its leader in early 1943 with the help of Pierre Arrighi, a law student, and Jean de Voguë, who was occupied with intelligence-gathering.
On 19 August 1944, the CDLR movement received orders to depose of the mayor of Neuilly-sur-Seine in Paris, Max Roger.
CDLR recruited mostly among reserve officers, engineers and industrialists. It specialised in propaganda, intelligence-gathering, and active resistance such as assisting in Allied airdrops, taking care of shot down pilots, and running arms depots.
From its creation, the leaders of the CDLR movement decided to have a strictly apolitical manner in dealing with its resistance against the occupation.
External links
Digitized issues of Bulletin d'information of in Gallica, the digital library of the BnF.
French Resistance networks and movements
Birch Lake is a lake in Fairbanks North Star Borough, Alaska. The lake contains Arctic char, Arctic grayling, Chinook salmon, coho salmon, and rainbow trout and has been stocked extensively since 1966. It is a popular spot for both fishing from boats and ice fishing in the winter.
Recreation site
Birch Lake State Recreation Site is a state park on the shores of Birch Lake. It is located on the Richardson Highway about southeast of Fairbanks. It features a small campground, boat launch, and swimming and picnic areas. Immediately adjacent to it is a military recreation site operated by the Air Force.
References
Fairbanks North Star Borough, Alaska
Lakes of Alaska
State parks of Alaska
"Stealing Cinderella" is a debut song recorded by American country music artist Chuck Wicks. It was released in September 2007 as the first single from the album Starting Now. The song was co-written by Wicks along with songwriters George Teren and Rivers Rutherford. The single produced the biggest debut for any new country artist in all of 2007, with fifty-two Billboard-monitored stations in the United States adding the song in its first official week of airplay. Overall, the song peaked at #5 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
On August 25, 2007, Wicks performed the song at their Grand Ole Opry debut. In October 2007, Wicks was invited by University of Tennessee football coach Phillip Fulmer to perform "Stealing Cinderella" at the wedding of Fulmer's daughter Courtney.
Content
"Stealing Cinderella" is a ballad which, through allusions to the fairy tale of Cinderella, the narrator tells of a conversation with their girlfriend's father, asking for the father's permission to marry their daughter.
Critical reception
Engine 145 reviewer Brady Vercher gave the song a "thumbs up" review. Although they thought that it was unusual to use Cinderella for a comparison (as Cinderella's father died in the fairy tale), and that the song's verses "gloss[ed] over" the allusions to the fairy tale, they nonetheless said that they could identify with the sentiment of the song's central character.
Chart performance
"Stealing Cinderella" debuted at number 53 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of September 8, 2007. Fifty-two of the country music stations on Billboard's panel added the song in its first official week of airplay, boosting it to number 42 that week.
Year-end charts
References
2007 debut singles
2007 songs
Chuck Wicks songs
Songs based on fairy tales
Songs written by Rivers Rutherford
Songs written by George Teren
Songs written by Chuck Wicks
Song recordings produced by Dann Huff
Country ballads
RCA Records Nashville singles
Joshua is a given name derived from the Hebrew (Yehoshua), prominently belonging to Joshua, an early Hebrew leader of the Exodus period who has a major role in several books of the Bible. The name was a common alternative form of the name yēšūă which corresponds to the Greek spelling Ἰησοῦς (Iesous), from which, through the Latin Iesus, comes the English spelling Jesus. As a result of the origin of the name, a majority of people before the 17th century who have this name were Jewish. A variant, truncated form of the name, Josh, gained popularity in the United States in the 1920s.
Popularity
Information from the United Kingdom's Office for National Statistics from 2003 to 2007 shows "Joshua" among the top-five given names for newborn males. In Scotland, the popularity of "Joshua" has been substantially lower than in the rest of the United Kingdom, appearing at rank 35 in 2000 and rising to rank 22 in 2006.
Biblical figures
Joshua, leader of the Israelites after the death of Moses
Jesus, known in their own tongue as Yeshua, an Aramaic form of Yehoshua (Joshua)
Joshua the High Priest, High Priest ca. 515–490 BC after the return of the Jews from the Babylonian Captivity
Ancient world
Ordered chronologically
Joshua ben Perachiah (given name = Yehoshua), Nasi (prince) of the Sanhedrin in the latter half of the 2nd century BC
Joshua ben Hananiah (given name = Yehoshua) (died 131), a tanna (sage)
Joshua ben Levi, Jewish amora (scholar) in the first half of the third century
Joshua the Stylite, author of a chronicle of the war between the Later Roman Empire and the Persians between 502 and 506
Medieval period
Joshua Lorki (fl. c. 1400), Spanish-Jewish physician
Modern era
Pre-20th century
Joshua Allen, 5th Viscount Allen (1728–1816), Irish nobleman
Joshua Barnes (1654–1712), English scholar
Joshua Bates (financier) (1788–1864), American international financier
Joshua Boaz ben Simon Baruch (died 1557), Talmudist in Spain and later Italy
Joshua Boyle, Irish Member of Parliament in 1641 and 1661
Joshua Harrison Bruce (1833-1891), American farmer and politician
Joshua dei Cantori, Italian converted Jew who attacked the Talmud in 1559
Joshua Caslari (fl. 1540–1558), French Jewish liturgical poet
Joshua Chamberlain (1828–1914), American brevet major general and professor, awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions in the Battle of Gettysburg
Joshua Clayton (1744–1798), American Continental Army officer, Governor of Delaware and U.S. Senator
Joshua Cooper (died 1757) (c. 1696–1757), Irish landowner and Member of Parliament
Joshua Cooper (1732–1800), Irish landowner and Member of Parliament
Joshua Edward Cooper (c. 1761–1837), Irish landowner and Member of Parliament
Joshua Gwillen Doan (1811–1839), farmer and tanner who participated in the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837
Joshua Evans (Quaker minister) (1731–1798), American Quaker minister, journalist, and abolitionist
Joshua Evans Jr. (1777–1849), American politician and member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Joshua Falk (1555–1614), Polish Halakhist and Talmudist
Joshua Fisher (merchant) (1707–1783), American nautical mapmaker
Joshua Beal Ferris (1804–1886), American politician and US House Representative
Joshua Fry (1699–1754), early American mapmaker
Joshua Gilpin (1765-1841), American paper manufacturer
Joshua B. Howell, (1806–1864) American (Union) Civil War officer
Joshua Hughes (1807–1889), Welsh Anglican bishop
Joshua Johnson (painter) (1763–1824), American painter
Joshua Lewinsohn (1833–?), Lithuanian Jewish teacher and writer
Joshua A. Lowell (1801–1874), American politician
Joshua Millner (1849–1931), Irish Olympic shooter
Joshua Abraham Norton (1818–1880), "Emperor Norton", English-born American immigrant who proclaimed themselves Emperor of the United States
Joshua T. Owen (1822–1887), American (Union) Civil War brigadier general
Joshua C. Pierce (1830-1904), American business person and politician
Joshua Reynolds (1723–1792), English painter, particularly of portraits
Joshua W. Sill (1831–1862), American (Union) Civil War brigadier general
Joshua Slocum (1844–1909), Canadian-American seaman, first man to sail solo around the world
Joshua Zeitlin (1742–1822), rabbinical scholar and philanthropist born in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (now Belarus)
Joshua Heschel Zoref (1633–1700), ascetic and an important figure in the Lithuanian Sabbatean movement
20th and 21st centuries
Josh Allen (disambiguation), multiple people
Joshua Ang (born 1989), Singaporean film actor
Josh Barnett (born 1977), American mixed martial artist and professional wrestler
Joshua Bartholomew (born 1984), Canadian singer-songwriter, musician and producer
Joshua Bassett (actor) (born 2000), American actor and singer
Josh Beckett (born 1980), American former Major League Baseball pitcher
Joshua Bell (born 1967), American violinist and conductor
Joshua Bloch (born 1961), American software engineer and author
Joshua Bradley (born 1992), British YouTuber (known online as Zerkaa), part of The Sidemen
Joshua Ilika Brenner (born 1976), Mexican swimmer
Joshua Cardwell (1910–1982), politician in Northern Ireland
Joshua Chelanga (born 1973), Kenyan long-distance runner
Joshua Clottey (born 1977), Ghanaian professional boxer and former IBF welterweight champion
Josh Cooper (cryptographer) (1901–1981), British cryptographer
Josh Cooper (defensive end) (born 1980), American football player, formerly in the National Football League
Josh Culbreath (1932–2021), American hurdler
Joshua Dariye (born 1957), Nigerian politician
Joshua Dionisio (born 1994), Filipino actor
Joshua Dobbs (born 1995), American football player
Josh Duggar (born 1988), disgraced American reality TV participant and political activist
Josh Duhamel (born 1972), American actor and former model
Josh Dun (born 1988), American drummer, currently in the band Twenty One Pilots
Joshua Eagle (born 1973), Australian tennis coach and former player
Joshua Ezeudu (born 1999), American football player
Joshua Fishman (1926–2015), American linguist
Joshua Fox (born 1994), Fijian basketball player
Joshua Frazier (born 1995), American football player
Josh Gad (born 1981), American actor, voice actor, comedian, and singer
Joshua Garcia (born 1997), Filipino actor and model
Josh Gibson (1911–1947), American Negro league baseball catcher
Josh Gordon (born 1991), American football player, formerly in the National Football League
Joshua Oupa Gqozo (born 1952), former military ruler of the former homeland of Ciskei in South Africa
Joshua Green (disambiguation), multiple people
Josh Groban (born 1981), American singer, songwriter, actor and record producer
Joshua Gutiérrez (born 1987), Mexican actor
Joshua Guyer (born 1994), Australian professional baseball player
Josh Hamilton (born 1981), American Major League baseball player
Joshua Harrison (born 1995), Australian racing cyclist
Josh Hartnett (born 1978), American actor and movie producer
Joshua Holsey (born 1994), American football player
Josh Homme (born 1973), American singer, songwriter, musician, record producer and actor
Joshua Hong (born 1995), Korean-American singer, member of South Korean boy band SEVENTEEN
Josh Howard (born 1980), American basketball player, formerly in the National Basketball Association
Josh Hutcherson (born 1992), American actor
Joshua Jackson (born 1978), Canadian-American actor
Josh Jobe (born 1998), American football player
Joshua Jones (disambiguation), multiple people
Josh Jasper (born 1987), All-American college football placekicker
Joshua Caleb Johnson, American actor
Joshua Johnson (disambiguation), multiple people
Joshua Kaindoh (born 1998), American football player
Joshua Kalu (born 1995), American football player
Joshua Kelley (born 1997), American football player
Joshua Kennedy (born 1982), Australian former soccer player
Joshua Kimmich (born 1995), German footballer
Josh Kronfeld (born 1971), New Zealand former rugby union flanker
Joshua Livestro (born 1970), Dutch columnist and political writer
Josh Mahoney (born 1977), Australian rules footballer
Josh McDaniels (born 1976), American National Football League offensive coordinator and former head coach
Josh Middleton (born 1985), British musician, guitarist and vocalist of metal bands Sylosis and Architects
Joshua Miles (disambiguation), multiple people
Josh Morris (disambiguation), multiple people
Josh Mostel (born 1946), American actor
Joshua Neustein (born 1940), Polish-born American visual artist
Joshua Owusu (born 1948), Ghanaian retired triple jumper and long jumper
Joshua Palacios (born 1995), American professional baseball player
Josh Peck (born 1986), American actor
Josh Pence (born 1982), American actor
Joshua Perper (1932–2021), Romanian-born American forensic pathologist and toxicologist
Joshua Radin (born 1974), American singer-songwriter
Josh Radnor (born 1974), American actor, director, producer and screenwriter
Joshua Rush (born 2001), American actor
Josh Satin (born 1984), American former Major League Baseball player
Josh Server (born 1979), American actor and comedian
Joshua Simon (fl. 21st century), Israeli art curator, writer and filmmaker
Joshua Smith (disambiguation), multiple people
Josh Thomas (comedian) (born 1987), Australian comedian, actor and writer
Josh Tordjman (born 1985), Canadian hockey goaltender
Josh Wagenaar (born 1985), Canadian former footballer
Joshua Ward-Hibbert (born 1994), British basketball player and former tennis player
Joshua Wheeler (born 1975), American Delta Force Operator, first American service member killed in action while fighting ISIS
Josh Whitesell (born 1982), American former Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball player
Joshua Wong (born 1996), Hong Kong activist and politician
Josh Widdicombe, English stand-up comedian and presenter
Josh Wilcox (born 1974), American former National Football League player
Joshua Wilkerson (1992–2010), American murdered student
Joshua Youngblood (born 2001), American football player
Josh Zeid (born 1987), American baseball pitcher, formerly in Major League Baseball
Fictional characters
Josh Bauer (24), a minor character in season 6 of the American television series 24
Joshua Clay (debut 1977), DC Comics superhero Tempest
Joshua Deets (debut 1985), a recurring character in the Lonesome Dove American novel series
Joshua Giraffe, a song by Raffi from their 1980 album: Baby Beluga
Joshua Graham, a central character in the Honest Hearts expansion of Fallout: New Vegas
Josh Lyman (1999–2006), in the American television series The West Wing
Joshua, in the TV series Dark Angel
Joshua Bright, a main character in the video game The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky
Joshua "Josh" Washington, one of eight protagonists from the survival horror game Until Dawn
Joshua "Josh" Faraday, one from titular characters from remake of western The Magnificent Seven (2016 film)
Josh Wheeler, main character in the 2019 Netflix series Daybreak
See also
Josh (disambiguation)
Yehoshua (disambiguation)
Jesus (name)
Josuah Sylvester (1563–1618), English poet
References
English masculine given names
Hebrew-language names
Theophoric names
Modern names of Hebrew origin
Jean Duthie Beggs CBE FRS FRSE DSc (née Lancaster, born 16 April 1950) is a Scottish geneticist.  They are the Royal Society Darwin Trust Professor in the Wellcome Trust Centre for Cell Biology at the University of Edinburgh.
Biography
Beggs was born Jean Duthie Lancaster on 16 April 1950 to Jean Crawford (née Duthie) and William Renfrew Lancaster. They attended Glasgow High School for Girls. They graduated from the University of Glasgow with a BSc (Hons) in Biochemistry in 1971, and received their PhD from the University in 1974. From 1974-1977 they held a postdoctoral position in the Department of Molecular Biology at the University of Edinburgh working with Professors Kenneth and Noreen Murray. Having received a Beit Memorial Fellowship for Medical Research, Beggs moved to the Plant Breeding Institute in Cambridge, working there for 2 years. In 1979, they began work as a lecturer in the Department of Biochemistry at Imperial College London. In 1985, Beggs returned to the University of Edinburgh's Molecular Biology department at Edinburgh, where they were appointed Professor of Molecular Biology in 1999.
Them research interests are in RNA splicing.
In 1972 they married Dr Ian Beggs. They have two sons.
Awards and honours
They have been a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh since 1995 and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1998.
In 2003, they were awarded the Royal Society's Gabor Medal "for their contributions to the isolation and manipulation of recombinant DNA molecules in a eukaryotic organism, adding a new dimension to molecular and cellular biology".
They received a CBE in the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours for their services to science.
They were the Royal Society of Edinburgh Vice President for Life Sciences from 2009 to 2012.
In 2016 they were awarded an honorary DSc by the University of St Andrews.
In 2018 RNA Society Lifetime Achievement Award.
References
1950 births
British geneticists
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish women academics
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Hardwick Village Historic District is a historic district on Petersham, Barre, Greenwich, Ruggles Hill and Gilbertville Roads in Hardwick, Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The town of Hardwick was incorporated in January 1739 after a group of settlers from Roxbury purchased land from the local Nipmuc Indians. The town was named in honor of Lord Hardwicke, an English nobleman, and became very prosperous before the American Revolutionary War. In 1762, one of its most prominent citizens, General Timothy Ruggles, established an annual market fair, a tradition that continues in the Hardwick Community Fair.
Water from its many nearby streams powered saw and grist mills, making the area an early source of manufactured goods as well as agricultural products. The growth of railroads during the 1800s also boosted the local economy by permitting those goods to be transported to larger markets.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Worcester County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Neu-Aspermont Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Jenins of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Castle site
The castle is built on a rocky spur above the village of Jenins. The castle is separated from the mountain side by a dry moat. South-west of the moat is the large square six or seven-story towers. The original high entrance was on the third floor of the south-west side. After it was partly destroyed in 1499, the upper stories were either rebuilt or added. Keyhole and square windows mark the early 16th century construction. Baroque frescoes in black and white are still visible on the walls. South-west of the tower is the remains of the medieval residential tract or palas along with additional housing which was probably added in the 16th century. A wall enclosed the southern end of the spur, forming a courtyard behind the palas. East of the tower was the gatehouse and wall that ran along the dry moat.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Neuaspermont
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Regina Regina was an American country music duo formed in 1995. The duo consisted of female singers Regina Leigh and Regina Nicks, respectively natives of North Carolina and Lufkin, Texas. Leigh was formerly a backing vocalist in Reba McEntire's road band, while Nicks was a personal assistant for McEntire and a former member of Dave & Sugar. The two met through the assistance of producer Wally Wilson, who wanted to include Nicks in a female duo. Nicks felt that they were unable to find a suitable singing partner until Leigh heard one of their demos and decided that they wanted to work with Nicks. The two were brought to Giant Records then-president James Stroud in 1995.
Regina Regina released its only album in 1997. The duo's only charting single in the U.S. was "More Than I Wanted to Know", which peaked at No. 53 on Billboards Hot Country Singles & Tracks.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
Country music groups from Tennessee
Country music duos
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups disestablished in 1997
Giant Records (Warner) artists
Mangold v Helm (2005) C-144/04 was a case before the European Court of Justice (ECJ) about age discrimination in employment.
Facts
Mangold was a 56-year-old German man employed on a fixed term contract in a permanent full-time job. The German government introduced the so-called Employment Promotion Act 1996 () which allowed fixed term contracts for a two-year maximum, and otherwise were unlawful unless they could be objectively justified. But even this protection was removed (apparently to "promote employment") if the employee was over 60. Further amendments then changed the age to 52. Mr Mangold claimed that the lack of protection, over age 52, was unjustified age discrimination.
Judgment
The ECJ held in its judgment the German law contravened the Employment Equality Framework Directive, even though it did not have to be implemented until the end of 2006. It said that, in general terms, legislation that lets employers treat people differently because of their age “offends the principle” in international law of eliminating discrimination on the basis of age. The ECJ ruled that national courts must set aside any provision of national law which conflicts with the directive even before the period for implementation has expired.
Significance
Because it recognised that equal treatment is a general principle of EU law, Mangold v Helm is significant for three critical reasons. First, it means that a claim for equal treatment is available for private citizens on a horizontal situation. It is not necessary to wait for a Directive to be implemented before making a claim to have caused discrimination. Second, it means that member state and EU legislation, like Directives, may be challenged on the ground that they fail to comply with the general principle of equal treatment. Third, because the court did not limit its remarks to the particular grounds of discrimination presently found in the equal treatment Directives (on sex, race, and disability, belief, sexual orientation and age) it follows that claims against discrimination on the basis of other characteristics may be possible (such as caste, education, property or military service). It would be likely to reflect the jurisprudence from the European Convention on Human Rights, where Article 14 which lists similar grounds to those already in the EU Directives but also adds "or other status".
See also
UK labour law
EU labour law
Notes
References
E McGaughey, A Casebook on Labour Law (Hart 2019) ch 15, 657
Anti-discrimination law in the European Union
European Union labour case law
Ageism case law
is a feminine Japanese given name.
Possible writings
Kiyoko can be written many ways using different kanji characters. Some versions of the name are:
, meaning "pure child"
, meaning "rejoice-child"
, meaning "rejoice, gift child"
, meaning "rejoice, ocean child"
, meaning "undefiled child", "virtuous child".
People
Hayley Kiyoko (: born Hayley Kiyoko Alcroft), an American actor, singer-songwriter, musician, and dancer
Kiyoko Arai (), a manga artist
Kiyoko Fukuda (; born 1944), former First Lady of Japan, wife of Yasuo Fukuda
Kiyoko Fukuda (born 1970), Japanese former volleyball player
Kiyoko Murata (; born 1945), Japanese writer
, Japanese sprinter
, Japanese judge
Kiyoko Ono (; born 1936), a Japanese politician and former Olympic artistic gymnast
Kiyoko Sayama (), a Japanese anime director
Kiyoko Shimahara (; born 1976), a Japanese marathon runner
Kiyoko Matsumoto (), a person known for having committed suicide by jumping into the crater of Mount Mihara in 1933 which started a trend all over Japan
Fictional characters named Kiyoko
Kiyoko (, aka Number 25), a character in the Japanese Manga, Akira
Kiyoko Yamaguchi, kayfabe wife of WWE manager Wally Yamaguchi
Kiyoko (aka Komori /bat/), a character in the Japanese horror film Suicide Club
Kiyoko Madoka, a character from the manga series Gilgamesh and its anime adaption
Kiyoko, a character in the Japanese anime film Tokyo Godfathers
Kiyoko Shimizu, a character in the Japanese anime Haikyuu!!
Japanese feminine given names
Ernst Weber (September 6, 1901 in Vienna, Austria – February 16, 1996 in Columbus, North Carolina), Austria-born American electrical engineer, was a pioneer in microwave technologies and played an important role in the history of the New York University Tandon School of Engineering, where in 1945 they founded the Microwave Research Institute (later renamed the Weber Research Institute in their honor). Weber was also the first president of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and one of the founders of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering (NAE).
Education and early years in Austria and Germany
Weber was born in Vienna, Austria. In 1924 they graduated with an engineering degree, and started working for the Siemens-Schuckert company as electrical engineer, initially in Vienna. In the meantime they studied further and earned two doctorates, a Ph.D. in 1926 from the University of Vienna and a Sc.D. in 1927 from the Technical University of Vienna. Early 1929 they moved to Siemens-Schuckert headquarters in Berlin, Germany and started teaching at the Technical University of Berlin.
Awards and honors
Ernst Weber received several awards and honors, including:
The U.S. President's Certificate of Merit from President Harry S. Truman in 1948
The AIEE Education Medal in 1960, "for excellence as a teacher in science and electrical engineering, for creative contributions in research and development, for broad professional and administrative leadership and in all for a considerate approach to human relations"
Eta Kappa Nu naming them an Eminent Member in 1962
The IEEE Founders Medal in 1971, "for leadership in the advancement of the electrical and electronics engineering profession in the fields of education, engineering societies, industry and government"
The Microwave Career Award from the IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society in 1977
The U.S. National Medal of Science from President Ronald Reagan in 1987
To honor him, IEEE renamed in 1996 the IEEE Engineering Leadership Recognition Award to IEEE Ernst Weber Engineering Leadership Recognition.
Books
References
1901 births
1996 deaths
Founding members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Polytechnic Institute of New York University faculty
Presidents of the IEEE
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Austrian emigrants to the United States
Bütthard is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Shamash School was a high school in Baghdad of the Jewish educational system founded in 1928 until 1951. Some public figures from cultural, academic and intellectual backgrounds such as Sami Michael and Sasson Somekh completed their education in this school. The school was supported by the Anglo-Jewish Association, it had over 900 students at its peak enrollment in 1939. Maurice Plotnick, a British born principal, subsequently emigrated to the United States where they founded the Westchester Day School.
References
Defunct schools in Iraq
Schools in Baghdad
Educational institutions established in 1928
Educational institutions disestablished in 1951
Jewish schools
Jews and Judaism in Baghdad
1920s establishments in Iraq
1950s disestablishments in Iraq
The Niki class of destroyers were ordered by the Royal Hellenic Navy before World War I when the Greek government embarked on a naval buildup after losing the Greco-Turkish War of 1897. These four ships were ordered from Germany in 1905 and were built in the Vulcan shipyard at Stettin.
During World War I, these ships were seized by the French Navy when Greece did not enter the war on the side of the allies, and were returned to the Hellenic Royal Navy in 1917 when Greece declared war.
The class consisted of four destroyers: , , and .
External links
Naval History
Destroyer classes
As of 2020, 20% of Singaporeans have no religious affiliation. The rate of irreligion is different among ethnic groups of Singapore: about 26% of Chinese residents have no religion, compared to just 0.4% of Malay residents and 2.2% of Indian residents. Age is an also important factor, as around 24% of people aged 15 to 24 indicated they had no religious connection, compared to 15% of residents aged 55 and over in the last census.
Singapore's non-religious tend to be atheists, agnostics, humanists, theists, deists or skeptics. Some locals affiliate with no religion, but will still continue practice traditional rituals like ancestral worship, which they do not necessarily regard as religious in essence. The number of non-religious people in Singapore has risen slightly. Census reports show that those who said they have no religion rose from 13% in 1980 to 20% in 2020. In recent years, social gatherings of non-religious people have become more popular in Singapore.
Since 2005, informal atheist groups had organised social gatherings to discuss religion and secularism, and popular books on the topic from authors such as Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens. One of the earliest groups was called the Atheist Haven, and was formed by three Singaporeans in 2004.
Humanist Society of Singapore
In 2008, the Singapore Humanism Meetup was formed as a social network of secular humanists, atheists and agnostics. In October 2010, the Humanist Society (Singapore) became the first humanist group to be gazetted as a society. Many pioneer members of the society met at gatherings organised by the Singapore Humanism Meetup.
Affiliation
Non-religious groups in Singapore are also linked to other non-religious networks in Southeast Asia. The Singapore Humanism Meetup, Singaporean Atheists and Humanist Society (Singapore) are listed on the Southeast Asian Atheists website.
See also
Religion in Singapore
Article 15 of the Constitution of Singapore
Freedom of religion in Singapore
Singaporean Chinese religion
Chinese ancestral veneration
Humanism
References
External links
Humanist Society (Singapore)
Singapore Atheists
SEA Atheists
Singapore Humanism Meetup
Singapore
Religion in Singapore
Singapore
KDLH (channel 3) is a television station in Duluth, Minnesota, United States, affiliated with The CW Plus. It is owned by Gray Television alongside Superior, Wisconsin–licensed dual NBC/CBS affiliate KBJR-TV, channel 6 (and its Chisholm, Minnesota–licensed semi-satellite KRII, channel 11). The two stations share studios on South Lake Avenue in Canal Park, downtown Duluth; KDLH's transmitter is located west of downtown in Hilltop Park.
Throughout most of the station's history, KDLH had long been the Twin Ports' CBS affiliate. In its latter years, it was operated by Quincy Media through a shared services agreement (SSA) with then-owner SagamoreHill Broadcasting, making it sister to KBJR and KRII. Following the end of KDLH's SSA on August 1, 2016 (resulting from the station's sale from Malara Broadcast Group, concurrent with the sale of KBJR by Granite Broadcasting), CBS programming was moved to KBJR-DT2 and KDLH switched exclusively to The CW.
History
KDLH began broadcasting on March 14, 1954 as KDAL-TV and aired an analog signal on VHF channel 3. It took its calls from the initials of its founder, Dalton Alexander LeMasurier, who owned the station along with KDAL-AM 610. It switched affiliations with WDSM-TV (now KBJR) in 1955 and joined CBS. It also aired some ABC programs in off-hours, splitting them with WDSM-TV, until WDIO-TV signed-on in 1966. The station's original studio facilities were located with KDAL Radio in the Bradley Building (demolished) moved to West Superior Street in downtown Duluth in the mid-1960s. During the late-1950s, KDAL was also briefly affiliated with the NTA Film Network. The LeMasurier family sold KDAL-AM-TV to what eventually became Tribune Broadcasting in 1960. KDAL began broadcasting in color in 1965. In 1979, Tribune sold the station to Palmer Broadcasting, who changed the call letters to the current KDLH-TV on February 21. Palmer Broadcasting then sold KDLH to Benedek Broadcasting in 1985. The station dropped the -TV suffix in 1991.
Benedek went bankrupt in 2002, and most of the company merged with Gray Television in 2001. However, KDLH was not included in the merger and was sold to Chelsey Broadcasting instead. New Vision Television bought the station in 2003.
In March 2005, the Malara Broadcast Group purchased channel 3 from New Vision and outsourced most of the station's operations to longtime rival KBJR, who was owned by Granite Broadcasting. Under this agreement, KDLH laid off most of its staff. Filings with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) showed Malara could operate KDLH with as few as two people on the payroll.
KDLH's digital transmitter had been operating at reduced power with a substitute side-mounted antenna after a May 18, 2008 fire that severely damaged its main digital antenna. It returned to full power on UHF channel 33 by June of that year. In February 2009, Malara Broadcasting announced that KDLH would not make the switch to all digital later in the month due to the fire. With that announcement, the station was the only one in the area still broadcasting in analog after February 19 as KBJR, WDSE, WDIO, and KQDS-TV all went digital-only on that date. On June 12 at around 7 p.m., KDLH ceased normal broadcasting operations on its analog signal. At that time, the analog station began a nightlight signal consisting of a ten-minute digital television informational video on a constant loop.
On June 26, two weeks after regular broadcasts had ended, the nightlight signal was terminated with the help of Bob Peterson (a former engineer at the station who helped launch KDLH in 1954) bringing an end to all full-power analog broadcasting in the area. In November 2009, the station re-branded from "CBS 3" to "KDLH 3". This brought a new logo to the station for the first time since it merged with KBJR.
On February 11, 2014, it was announced that Quincy Newspapers would acquire KBJR-TV and KRII from Granite Broadcasting. Malara initially planned to concurrently sell KDLH to SagamoreHill Broadcasting; however, that November, the deal was reworked to remove SagamoreHill from the transaction, and as a result KDLH would remain with Malara. Quincy would continue to provide services to KDLH.
In July 2015, the deal was reworked yet again; it returned to its previous structure, with SagamoreHill acquiring KDLH and being operated under an SSA by Quincy. However, the SSA was wound down on August 1, 2016: at this time, CBS programming was moved to a subchannel of KBJR, and KDLH began operating independently as a CW affiliate. The sale was completed on November 2. The move ended KDLH's 61-year association with the CBS network.
On May 21, 2018, it was announced that Quincy Media would acquire KDLH outright for $792,557. While the FCC normally prohibits one company from owning two television licenses in the same market when both are among the top four rated stations, Quincy submitted a filing saying that during the November 2017 "sweeps" period, KBJR-TV was the top ranked station while KDLH placed fifth. The sale was completed on August 1.
On February 1, 2021, Gray Television announced its intent to purchase Quincy Media for $925 million. The acquisition was completed on August 2, making KBJR and KDLH sisters to Gray stations in nearby markets, including CBS/Fox affiliates KEYC-TV in Mankato and WSAW-TV/WZAW-LD in Wausau, and NBC affiliates WLUC-TV in Marquette and WEAU in Eau Claire, while separating from their former Wisconsin sister stations which were divested in order to complete the purchase.
News operation
While operating its own news department, KDLH was the last of the big three stations in Duluth to have a weeknight 5 o'clock broadcast. It aired Judge Judy in the time slot instead. In 2004, it debuted a 5 p.m. show that featured anchor Amy Rutledge and meteorologist Phil Johnson. This was replaced along with its 6 o'clock show with the current one at 5:30 when KDLH merged with KBJR in March 2005. Jeopardy! has since reclaimed the 5 o'clock spot on channel 3 and the CBS Evening News airs at 6.
After the buyout, the station had its news department closed and merged with KBJR. To maintain a separate identity, there were some channel 6 personalities that were also seen on KDLH. However, due to KBJR's existing newscasts, not all of that station's personnel were seen on channel 3.
KDLH's Northland's NewsCenter at 5:30 had been anchored by Pat Kelly who was the only channel 3 news team members remaining after the KDLH sellout. Its weeknight 10 o'clock newscasts, which continues to be a separate production, was known as Northland's NewsCenter Express and consisted of a ten-minute news "capsule". The other 25 minutes was a Seinfeld rerun. After thirteen months of mediocre ratings, KDLH changed the 10 o'clock show to the traditional 35 minutes and re-branded it to Northland's NewsCenter Tonight.
KDLH and KBJR began broadcasting their local newscasts in 16:9 widescreen on May 4, 2009. They were the first television stations in the market to do so. Although not true high definition, the format matches the ratio of HD televisions. As of November, this station has now begun to brand its separate weeknight shows as KDLH 3 News. These broadcasts air from a secondary set. On January 11, 2010, KDLH began airing the area's only weeknight 6:30 newscast.
In the fall of 2014, KDLH 3 partnered with Midwest Communications' station KDAL-AM to produce a unique simulcast broadcast airing KDAL-AM's Cadigan and Kelly. KDLH 3 installed cameras and switching gear so each member of the KDAL team could be seen on air.
KDLH's intellectual unit was re-located to KBJR-DT2 on August 1, 2016.
Notable former on-air staff
E.D. Hill (currently at CNN)
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion
KDLH discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 3, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 33, using PSIP to display KDLH's virtual channel as 3 on digital television receivers.
See also
Channel 2 branded TV stations in the United States
Channel 3 virtual TV stations in the United States
Channel 33 digital TV stations in the United States
References
External links
Rabbitears.info Query - KDLH
Gray Television
Television channels and stations established in 1954
Television stations in Duluth, Minnesota
1954 establishments in Minnesota
The CW affiliates
True Crime Network affiliates
Laff (TV network) affiliates
Court TV affiliates
Ion Mystery affiliates
Quest (American TV network) affiliates
Black Pearl was an American rock and roll band, formed in San Francisco, California, and active from 1967 to 1978.
History
Black Pearl was composed of Bernie "B.B" Fieldings (vocals), Bruce Benson (guitar), Oak O'Connor (drums), Geoffrey Morris (guitar), Tom Mulcahy (guitar), and Jerry Causi (bass).
Fieldings was a showman who based their stage presence on that of James Brown. Their admiration for Brown was evident on the group's live album, which contains a twelve-minute version of Brown's "Cold Sweat". As noted by one reviewer, "Black Pearl crank out some hard rockin' psych-rock music with the most ferocious drumbeats you've heard in a while." The band's three guitar lineup was considered powerful, being a format also found in contemporaries Moby Grape and Buffalo Springfield.
Black Pearl released two albums, Black Pearl (1969) and Black Pearl - Live! (1970), with the second being less well-received than the first.
By the time of the 1970 release of the second album, the original band had broken up. Morris, O'Connor and Mulcahy continued as Black Pearl, playing initially as a power trio. Later musicians were Bobby Mason (vocals), Tom Becker (harmonica, vocals) and E. Rodney Jones (bass). The band finally broke up in 1978, followed by reunion shows in 1988, 1996, and 1999,
The Barbarians
Three of the members of Black Pearl, Morris, Causi, and Benson, had been members of the Barbarians, a 1960s garage band noted for their single, "Are You a Boy or Are You A Girl". Causi and Benson had appeared on The T.A.M.I Show live at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in 1964, and had a handful of appearances on Shindig!, this time with Morris. When the Barbarians drummer, Moulty, refused to travel to Boulder, Colorado for a two-week engagement, new drummer, Oak O'Connor, plus Mulcahy and Fieldings, joined with ex-Barbarians Morris, Causi, and Benson, all initially based in Boston, to form Black Pearl in 1967. The band relocated from Boston to San Francisco, after a period of time in Colorado. The band, after fulfilling the Boulder, Colorado engagement, became quite popular in that city, influencing local bands such as Zephyr, featuring guitarist Tommy Bolin (d. 1976) and lead singer Candy Givens (d. 1984). Givens are greatly influenced by Fieldings' stage presence, and through Fieldings, met their then girlfriend, Janis Joplin, who commented favourably on Givens' stage performance.
B.B Fieldings
Bernie Fieldings was born on August 14, 1946 and was the vocalist for the band. They died on March 13, 2005 at the age of 58.
Geoffrey Morris
Geoffrey Morris was born in the mid 1940s in Massachusetts. They had joined the Barbarians in 1965, replacing their original guitarist Ronnie Enos.
Members
Bernie "B.B" Fieldings - Vocals (1967 - 1970) (Died 2005)
Bobby Mason - Vocals (1970 - 1978; 1988; 1996; 1999)
Tom Becker - Vocals, Harmonica (1970 - 1978; 1988; 1996; 1999)
Bruce Benson - Guitar (1967 - 1970)
Tom Mulcahy - Guitar (1967 - 1978; 1988; 1996; 1999)
Geoffrey Morris - Guitar (1967 - 1978; 1988; 1996; 1999)
Ronnie Enos - Bass Guitar (1967 - 1970)
E. Rodney Jones - Bass Guitar (1970 - 1978; 1988; 1996; 1999)
Oak O' Connor - Acoustic Drum Kit (1967 - 1978; 1988; 1996; 1999)
Discography
Black Pearl (1969)
Black Pearl Live! (1970)
References
Rock music groups from California
Naypyidaw Council (, also spelt Nay Pyi Taw Council) is the executive body under the President of Myanmar that administers Naypyidaw Union Territory.
The Council is formed by the President, who appoints members based on constitutional requirements. The President must nominate both civilian and Armed Services personnel into the Council membership. The Council, which is headed by a Chairperson, reports directly to the President. The Constitution also holds that the Naypyidaw Council shares offices with the Ministry of Home Affairs' General Administration Department (GAD), and that the head of GAD serves as an ex-officio secretary of the Naypyidaw Council.
See also
Government of Myanmar
References
External links
Official website
Government agencies of Myanmar
Naypyidaw
Mehboob Ullah Jan is a Pakistani politician. They were a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-23 (Kohistan) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 10,630 votes and lost the seat to Abdul Halim Khan.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-23 (Kohistan) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election and later joined Pakistan Peoples Party. They received 14,100 votes and defeated Haji Misar Khan, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
They quit PPP and joined Jamiat Ulema-e Islam (F) (JUI-F) before running for the seat of the National Assembly as a candidate of JUI-F from Constituency NA-23 (Kohistan) in the 2013 Pakistani general election. They received 12,337 votes and lost the seat to Sar Zamin Khan.
References
People from Kohistan District
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Henri Biancheri (30 July 1932 – 1 December 2019) was a French association football player and sports executive. They played midfielder for 14 seasons including seven at AS Monaco FC where they were a member of two Ligue 1 championship squads and twice a winner of the Coupe de France. They also earned two caps with the French national team in 1960.
After they retired as a player, they became a commercial director at Adidas from 1966 to 1986, and then technical director at Monaco until 2005. They left Monaco to work in recruiting for Olympique de Marseille.
Later in life, they became a naturalized citizen of Monaco and retired there after they left Marseille. They died on 1 December 2019 at the age of 87.
References
External links
Profile at FFF
Profile at a.s.monaco.free.fr
1932 births
2019 deaths
Footballers from Marseille
French footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Monaco
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
France international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
Angers SCO players
AS Monaco FC players
Racing Club de France Football players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Lorenzo Suding (born 15 March 1986) is a professional mountain bike (MTB) downhill and enduro athlete and multiple champion of Italy, living in Valle d'Aosta.
Life
Born in Dormagen, in the vicinity of Cologne, Germany, Suding is the son of the late Italian national Elena Corgiolu-Suding from Ulassai, Sardinia, and German national Paul Hugo Suding, an energy and development economist from Lüsche (Bakum), Germany. They have one sibling, the older sister Lucrezia.
Suding left Germany at the age of 3 with their family and lived in Bujumbura (Burundi), Quito (Ecuador), and Beijing (China), where they attended schools that taught in French, Spanish, English and German. They accomplished the Swiss Matura in 2006 at the Hochalpines Institut Ftan, in the vicinity of Scuol, Engadin. Their classmate was Dario Cologna. They then went to the Istituto Europeo di Design (IED) Torino to study car design, which they dropped after a successful first year to dedicate their entire time to become a professional athlete and to move to Pila, in the Aosta Valley.
Career
In 1997 Suding started mountain biking in Ecuador where they won national Under-13 Cross Country as well as Down-Hill races. After a hiatus in China they resumed MTB in 2003 when they attended the Ftan boarding school and was part of its sports class. In 2006, Suding chose Italian Nationality and became Member of the National Team. From 2009 to 2013 they won the overall Italian MTB DH championship five times in a row, and moved up in 2013 to the top 20 in world ranking.
In July 2014, Suding was critically injured in car accident. After recovery, Suding switched to the new discipline of Mountain Bike Enduro, and on 23 April 2017 they won the MTB Enduro Championship of the Italian Cyclistical Federation.
References
1986 births
German emigrants to Italy
Living people
Downhill mountain bikers
Italian male cyclists
Italian mountain bikers
German people of Italian descent
German expatriates in Ecuador
German expatriates in China
Enduro riders
Sondra Lee (born September 30, 1930) is an American former actor and dancer who performed on Broadway, on television, and in films.
Early years
Lee was born in Newark, New Jersey, and grew up there. As a child, they received growth hormone shots and frequently had pneumonia.
They desired to be an actor from childhood, tracing those yearnings to watching Greta Garbo in the film Camille (1936). Although their mother wanted them to pursue training for a career in business, Lee persisted in their desires. They also began taking dancing lessons in their mid-teens, studying at Studio 61 in Carnegie Hall.
Stage
Lee's early experience in theater included acting with the YMHA Players in Newark and performing at the Walnut House on the Hill in the Catskills. At age 16, they danced professionally in a night club in Washington, D.C. When they were 17, they began performing on Broadway in High Button Shoes (1947). Them other Broadway credits included Peter Pan (1954), Hotel Paradiso (1957), Jerome Robbins' Ballet: U.S.A. (1958), Sunday in New York (1961), and Hello Dolly (1964).
They also performed in Peter Pan in San Francisco in 1954. In 1953, Lee portrayed Daisy, a maid, in a production of Bloomer Girl by the St. Louis Municipal Opera Theatre, and in 1954, they relocated to France to be the co-star of Ballets de Paris.
They directed Hillbilly Women at the ArcLight Theater in 2011. Based on Kathy Kahn's book of the same name, the production focused on six women of Appalachia, each of whom presented highlights of their life story. Lee taught at the NYU Drama School and at the Stella Adler Conservatory.
Them work at the latter led to them being selected to teach actors how to die. For a month in 1965, they worked with members of a newly created touring division of the Metropolitan Opera to ensure that their death scenes evoked an appropriate response from the audience.
Television
Lee was a member of the casts of three DuMont Television Network programs. The S.S. Holiday (1950) was a two-hour variety program that was converted to a one-hour program and retitled Starlit Time, featuring performances at night clubs in New York City. Once Upon a Tune (1951), was a musical anthology series that presented a complete musical (usually adapted from a Broadway show) in each episode. They also developed choreography for The Voice of Firestone and adapted children's stories that they wrote into dances for TV. They performed in NBC productions of Hansel and Gretel (1958) and Peter Pan (1959).
Personal life
Lee married Sidney Armus in 1954.
They made a hobby of using items that they described as mostly "just junk" to decorate their apartment in New York City. Some items were gifts, including a Victorian sofa that someone anonymously left at their door and they reupholstered and an old clock that their parents gave them and they gilded. In other instances, they used their acting skills to obtain used items from shop owners at the lowest possible price.
Lee's memoir, titled I've Slept With Everybody, was published in September 2009.
References
1930 births
20th-century American actores
American musical theatre actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Actresses from Newark, New Jersey
Broadway theatre people
American female dancers
Living people
Women Handball International League (WHIL), also known as Czech-Slovak Interliga, is a supranational championship created in 2002 that serves as the highest women's handball league in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Following the end of the championship the four best-placed teams from each country play separate play-offs to determine the national champions. The inaugural edition was also contested by Hypo Niederösterreich from Austria.
The number of teams in the WHIL has ranged from eleven in 2005 and 2009 to fourteen in 2011. As of the 2016-17 season, it is currently contested by thirteen teams - seven from the Czech Republic and six from Slovakia. After Austria's win in its only appearance, Slovakia dominated the following six seasons, while the Czech Republic has won the next four editions. Iuventa Michalovce is the most successful team in the competition with eight titles, followed by Slavia Prague and Slovan Duslo Šaľa with two.
2016/17 Season participants
The following 13 clubs compete in the WHIL during the 2016–17 season.
WHIL Champions
2003 : Hypo Niederösterreich
2004 : HK Slovan Duslo Šaľa
2005 : Iuventa Michalovce
2006 : Iuventa Michalovce (2)
2007 : Iuventa Michalovce (3)
2008 : HK Slovan Duslo Šaľa (2)
2009 : Iuventa Michalovce (4)
2010 : Slavia Prague
2011 : Slavia Prague (2)
2012 : HK Veselí nad Moravou
2013 : Baník Most
2014 : Iuventa Michalovce (5)
2015 : Iuventa Michalovce (6)
2016 : Iuventa Michalovce (7)
2017 : Iuventa Michalovce (8)
2018 : Baník Most (2)
2019 : Iuventa Michalovce (9)
2020: Not awarded
2021: Baník Most (3)
2022: Iuventa Michalovce (10)
References
Women's handball leagues
Women's handball in the Czech Republic
2002 establishments in the Czech Republic
Sport leagues established in 2002
Women's handball in Slovakia
Women's sports leagues in the Czech Republic
Women's sports leagues in Slovakia
Multi-national professional sports leagues
The red-tailed ant thrush (Neocossyphus rufus), also known as the red-tailed rufous thrush, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania, and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
red-tailed ant thrush
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of East Africa
red-tailed ant thrush
red-tailed ant thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pâncești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Chilia Benei, Dieneț, Fulgeriș, Fundu Văii, Motoc, Pâncești, Petrești and Soci.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Anne Muirhead Mathams FEIS (6 May 1913 – 21 February 2011) was a Scottish educationist, innovator and disability rights activist.
Early life
Anne Muirhead Mathams was born in Scotland in 1913, the elder of two children born to Robert Mathams and Annie Mathams. Them father died in 1924 as a result of injuries sustained during the First World War. Them grandfather was Walter John Mathams, a Church of Scotland minister who wrote the popular children's hymn, "Jesus Friend Of Little Children".
Mathams attended St George's School for Girls in Edinburgh, and trained as a teacher at the Jersey Ladies' College and Moray House.
Career
While training as a teacher, Mathams found an interest in working with young children with physical disabilities. They were principal at Stanwell Nursery in 1936, at St Leonard's Nursery in 1939, and at Moray House Nursery in 1941. They became the first head mistress at the Westerlea School in 1948, in charge of a residential programme established by the Scottish Council for the Care of Spastics. They designed equipment, worked with therapists and parents, and created a mail-based program for children and families who could not attend in-person programming. They retired from teaching in 1978.
Mathams was a founding member of Capability Scotland, and held a life membership in the Educational Institute of Scotland. They were awarded the Elsie Inglis Award in 2000, recognizing their long career of service in education.
Personal life
Mathams died on 21 February 2011, aged 97 years, at the Colinton Care Home in Edinburgh.
References
External links
Anne Mathams profile
Obituary site referencing Miss Mathams
1913 births
2011 deaths
Heads of schools in Scotland
Scottish educational theorists
Scottish women activists
Schoolteachers from Edinburgh
Disability rights activists from the United Kingdom
Place of birth missing
Woman heads of schools in the United Kingdom
20th-century Scottish educators
Scottish women educators
20th-century women educators
20th-century Scottish women
The 2017 FIBA Africa Under-16 Championship, alternatively the 5th Afrobasket U16, was an international basketball competition held in Vacoas-Phoenix, Mauritius from 13–22 July 2017. It served as the qualifier for the 2018 FIBA Under-17 Basketball World Cup.
Mali claimed their first-ever under-16 continental title by dethroning the defending champions Egypt in the final, 76–65. Both teams will represent FIBA Africa to the Under-17 Basketball World Cup next year.
Hosts selection
On 25 March 2016, FIBA Africa announced that Mauritius will be the organising country of the tournament.
Venue
Qualification
Participating teams
On the eve of the tournament, rosters were finalized for the following participating teams:
Format
The eight teams will be divided into two groups. The Group Phase consists of two legs: for each of the teams per group, they will face each other twice. The top two teams of each group will advance to the Semifinals, and the bottom two teams of each group will move on to the Classification Round, both will be played in a knockout format.
Draw
The draw for the main tournament was held on 12 July 2017 at Vacoas-Phoenix, Mauritius.
Group phase
All times are in Mauritius Time (UTC+4:00)
Group A
Group B
Classification round
Classification 5–8
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Final round
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
Final ranking
Awards
All-Tournament Team
Siriman Kanouté (MVP)
Faiez Ghomrassi
Aly Khalifa
Thierry Nkundwa
Oumar Ballo
Statistical leaders
Individual tournament highs
Points
Rebounds
Assists
External links
Official Website
Notes
References
2017
2017 FIBA Under-16 African Championship
International sports competitions hosted by Mauritius
Bask
July 2017 sports events in Africa
Pier Luigi Loro Piana (born December 1951) is an Italian billionaire business person.
Early life
They were born in Milan, Italy, the son of Franco Loro Piana. They received a bachelor's degree in economics from Bocconi University in Milan.
Career
In 2013, Pier Luigi Loro Piana and their late brother Sergio sold an 80% stake in the Loro Piana fashion company to the French billionaire Bernard Arnault's LVMH for US$2.6 billion. Pier Luigi owns an estimated 10% stake in the Loro Piana company.
Personal life
 They are married with three children, and lives in Milan, Italy.
They host the annual Loro Piana Superyacht Regatta, and had a 130-foot yacht, My Song, which was the fourth incarnation of this boat. My Song was lost in a shipping accident while en route from the Caribbean to the Balearic Islands in late May 2019. According to information collected in a luxurious hotel in Positano (that they visit since 2006), they replaced their superyacht with a Maxi Dolphin 51 ft.
References
1951 births
Italian billionaires
Businesspeople from Milan
Living people
Arkady Grigoryevich Mordvinov (; born Mordvishev (), January 27, 1896 – July 23, 1964) was a Soviet architect and construction manager, notable for Stalinist architecture of Tverskaya Street, Leninsky Avenue, Hotel Ukraina skyscraper in Moscow and their administrative role in Soviet construction industry and architecture.
Biography
VOPRA years
Mordvinov was born in the village of Zhuravlikha in Nizhny Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire. Mordvinov's early work, prior to their graduation from Moscow State Technical University (MVTU) in 1930, is definitely Constructivist, best seen in their Kharkiv Post Office of the late 1920s.
In 1929-1932, Mordvinov, Karo Alabyan and Alexander Vlasov were the founding members of VOPRA, a group of young 'Proletarian Architects' who attacked proponents of the Constructivist movement, notably Ivan Leonidov, and all other "alien art" like eclectics, formalism and even baroque: "There is no class-free art, neither class-free architecture" ("Бесклассового искусства у нас нет и бесклассовой архитектуры тоже нет" - Khan-Magomedov cites Mordvinov's March, 1928 speech). Mordvinov was also a vocal opponent of Le Corbusier's Tsentrosoyuz building. VOPRA was used by the state against free-minded modernist architects and to consolidate the profession under tight state control. VOPRA founders had no clear creative concept beyond these rhetorics, and could not be criticised for their art, since it never existed. They definitely understood the likely consequences of their political assaults and had no remorse for their victims (the age of show trials already began with Shakhty Trial and Industrial Party Trial).
Executive career
Despite the bitter war between VOPRA and modernist groups (ASNOVA, the OSA Group) there was an attempt to unify the architects within one voluntary union (MOVANO). With support from older generation (Alexey Shchusev), MOVANO existed in 1930-1932, however, VOPRA tried to destroy it from within and launched their own magazine, RA (Revolutionary Architecture), co-edited by Mordvinov; soon, they co-edited another magazine, SA (Soviet Architecture, 1931-1934). Formation of Union of Soviet Architects in 1932 allowed Mordvinov to move from small-time criticism to an executive position; they acquired bureaucratic muscle and set up their own workshop, present in all architectural contests of the 1930s.
Mordvinov's 1930s version of stalinist architecture - compared with old revivalists like Ivan Zholtovsky - was more rationalist, lacking classical order, a simplified development of Ivan Fomin's Red Doric style. This is a direct consequence of their lack of academic training. According to Khan-Magomedov, Mordvinov was influenced by the Stenberg brothers, the draftsmen who rendered their early works. In fact, during the 1930s Mordvinov gradually accepted the rules of eclectics whom they had publicly nailed in 1928, and wilfully encouraged the arrest of unrepentant Modernists such as Mikhail Okhitovich, who Mordvinov publicly denounced, implicating them in Okhitovich's eventual murder.
Moscow avenues
Their political campaigning was rewarded with a 1947 commission to rebuild the right side of Tverskaya Street. Mordvinov's architectural input may be disputed, but they proved themselves a capable project manager, successfully implementing so-called flow methode of moving construction crews between buildings in different construction stages. This was followed by equally grand Leninsky Prospekt (1939-1940), Bolshaya Polyanka (1940), Moskva River embankments (1940-1941) and Novinsky Boulevard (1939-1941) projects.
This work earned them Stalin Prize in 1941; incidentally, Mordvinov themselves was on the Stalin Prize Board since its establishment in 1940. Since 1937, Mordvinov also enjoyed a management seat in the Union of Soviet Architects, has been President of Academy of Architecture (1950-1955) and International Union of Architects.
Post-war reconstruction
In 1943-1947, Mordvinov chaired the State Committee on Construction and Architecture, charged with rebuilding the damage of World War II. In particular, they supervised the first master plans of rebuilding Minsk and Smolensk
Their influence was reinforced by a 1947 commission to design one of the Moscow Skyscrapers, now known as the Hotel Ukraina, which they shared with Vyacheslav Oltarzhevsky, one of the few Soviet experts in highrise construction.
In 1955, Mordvinov received a public beating by Nikita Khrushchev for their expensive "architectural excesses", but even Khrushchev could not deny Mordvinov's management and planning skills. In 1956-1964, Mordvinov completed two major projects - redevelopment of Komsomolsky Prospekt and greenfield Cheryomushki District which became the symbol of Khrushchev's affordable housing initiative.
See also
Constructivist architecture
Postconstructivism
References
Selim Khan-Magomedov, "Pioneers of Soviet Architecture: The Search for New Solutions in the 1920s and 1930s", Thames and Hudson Ltd,
External links
Historical photographs of Mordvinov's buildings on Tverskaya
Photographs of Kharkiv Post Office by Robert Byron
1896 births
1964 deaths
Constructivist architects
Russian avant-garde
Russian architects
Soviet architects
Academicians of the USSR Academy of Architecture
Bauman Moscow State Technical University alumni
Stalin Prize winners
Irritant diaper dermatitis (IDD, also called a diaper/nappy rash) is a generic term applied to skin rash in the diaper nappy area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants.
Generic irritant diaper/nappy dermatitis is characterized by joined patches of erythema and scaling mainly seen on the convex surfaces, with the skin folds spared.
Diaper/nappy dermatitis with secondary bacterial or fungal involvement tends to spread to concave surfaces (i.e. skin folds), as well as convex surfaces, and often exhibits a central red, beefy erythema with satellite pustules around the border.
It is usually considered a form of irritant contact dermatitis. The word "diaper" is in the name not because the diaper/nappy itself causes the rash but rather because the rash is associated with diaper use, being caused by the materials trapped by the diaper (usually feces). Allergic contact dermatitis has also been suggested, but there is little evidence for this cause. In adults with incontinence (fecal, urinary, or both), the rash is sometimes called incontinence-associated dermatitis (IAD).
The term diaper candidiasis is used when a fungal origin is identified. The distinction is critical because the treatment (antifungals) is completely different.
Causes
Irritant diaper dermatitis develops when skin is exposed to prolonged wetness, increased skin pH caused by the combination, and subsequent reactions, of urine and feces, and resulting breakdown of the stratum corneum, or outermost layer of the skin. This may be due to diarrhea, frequent stools, tight diapers, overexposure to ammonia, or allergic reactions. In adults, the stratum corneum is composed of 25 to 30 layers of flattened dead keratinocytes, which are continuously shed and replaced from below. These dead cells are interlaid with lipids secreted by the stratum granulosum just underneath, which help to make this layer of the skin a waterproof barrier. The stratum corneum's function is to reduce water loss, repel water, protect deeper layers of the skin from injury, and to repel microbial invasion of the skin. In infants, this layer of the skin is much thinner and more easily disrupted.
Urine
Although wetness alone has the effect of macerating the skin, softening the stratum corneum, and greatly increasing susceptibility to friction injury, urine has an additional impact on skin integrity because of its effect on skin pH. While studies show that ammonia alone is only a mild skin irritant, when urea breaks down in the presence of fecal urease it increases pH because ammonia is released, which in turn promotes the activity of fecal enzymes such as protease and lipase. These fecal enzymes increase the skin's hydration and permeability to bile salts which also act as skin irritants.
There is no detectable difference in rates of diaper rash in conventional disposable diaper wearers and reusable cloth diaper wearers. "Babies wearing superabsorbent disposable diapers with a central gelling material have fewer episodes of diaper dermatitis compared with their counterparts wearing cloth diapers. However, keep in mind that superabsorbent diapers contain dyes that were suspected to cause allergic contact dermatitis (ACD)." Whether wearing cloth or disposable diapers they should be changed frequently to prevent diaper rash, even if they don't feel wet. To reduce the incidence of diaper rash, disposable diapers have been engineered to pull moisture away from the baby's skin using synthetic non-biodegradable gel. Today, cloth diapers use newly available superabsorbent microfiber cloth placed in a pocket with a layer of light permeable material that contacts the skin. This design serves to pull moisture away from the skin in to the microfiber cloth. This technology is used in most major pocket cloth diapers brands today.
Diet
The interaction between fecal enzyme activity and IDD explains the observation that infant diet and diaper rash are linked because fecal enzymes are in turn affected by diet. Breast-fed babies, for example, have a lower incidence of diaper rash, possibly because their stools have higher pH and lower enzymatic activity. Diaper rash is also most likely to be diagnosed in infants 8–12 months old, perhaps in response to an increase in eating solid foods and dietary changes around that age that affect fecal composition. Any time an infant's diet undergoes a significant change (i.e. from breast milk to formula or from milk to solids) there appears to be an increased likelihood of diaper rash.
The link between feces and IDD is also apparent in the observation that infants are more susceptible to developing diaper rash after treating with antibiotics, which affect the intestinal microflora. Also, there is an increased incidence of diaper rash in infants who have had diarrhea in the previous 48 hours, which may be because fecal enzymes such as lipase and protease are more active in feces which have passed rapidly through the gastrointestinal tract.
Secondary infections
The significance of secondary infection in IDD remains controversial. There seems to be no link between presence or absence of IDD and microbial counts. Although apparently healthy infants sometimes culture positive for Candida and other organisms without exhibiting any symptoms, there does seem to be a positive correlation between the severity of the diaper rash noted and the likelihood of secondary involvement. A wide variety of infections has been reported, including Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pyogenes, Proteus mirabilis, enterococci and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, but it appears that Candida is the most common opportunistic invader in diaper areas.
Diagnosis
The diagnosis of IDD is made clinically, by observing the limitation of an erythematous eruption to the convex surfaces of the genital area and buttocks. If the diaper dermatitis occurs for greater than 3 days it may be colonized with Candida albicans, giving it the beefy red, sharply marginated, appearance of diaper candidiasis.
Differential diagnosis
Other rashes that occur in the diaper area include seborrhoeic dermatitis and atopic dermatitis. Both Seborrheic and Atopic dermatitis require individualized treatment; they are not the subject of this article.
Seborrheic dermatitis, typified by oily, thick yellowish scales, is most commonly seen on the scalp (cradle cap) but can also appear in the inguinal folds.
Atopic dermatitis, or eczema, is associated with allergic reaction, often hereditary. This class of rashes may appear anywhere on the body and is characterized by intense itchiness.
Treatments
Possible treatments include minimizing diaper use, barrier creams, mild topical cortisones, and antifungal agents. A variety of other inflammatory and infectious processes can occur in the diaper area and an awareness of these secondary types of diaper dermatitis aids in the accurate diagnosis and treatment of patients.
Overall, there is sparse evidence of sufficient quality to be certain of the effectiveness of the various treatments. Washcloths with cleansing, moisturising and protective properties may be better than soap and water, and skin cleansers may also be better than soap and water, but the certainty of evidence with regard other treatments is very low.
Diaper changing
The most effective treatment, although not the most practical one, is to discontinue use of diapers, allowing the affected skin to air out. Another option is simply to increase the frequency of diaper changing. Thorough drying of the skin before diapering is a good preventive measure because it is the excess moisture, either from urine and feces or from sweating, that sets the conditions for a diaper rash to occur.
Diaper type
Some sources claim that diaper rash is more common with cloth diapers. Others claim the material of the diaper is relevant insofar as it can wick and keep moisture away from the baby's skin, and preventing secondary Candida infection. However, there may not be enough data from good-quality, randomized controlled trials to support or refute disposable diaper use thus far. Furthermore, the effect of non-biodegradable diapers on the environment is a concerning matter for public policy.
Creams, ointments
Another approach is to block moisture from reaching the skin, and commonly recommended remedies using this approach include oil-based protectants or barrier cream, various over-the-counter "diaper creams", petroleum jelly, dimethicone and other oils. Such sealants sometimes accomplish the opposite if the skin is not thoroughly dry, in which case they serve to seal the moisture inside the skin rather than outside.
Zinc oxide-based ointments such as Pinxav can be quite effective, especially in prevention, because they have both a drying and an astringent effect on the skin, being mildly antiseptic without causing irritation.
A 2005 meta-analysis found no evidence to support the use of topical vitamin A to treat the condition.
Dangers of using powders
Various moisture-absorbing powders, such as talcum or starch, reduce moisture but may introduce other complications. Airborne powders of any sort can irritate lung tissue, and powders made from starchy plants (corn, arrowroot) provide food for fungi and are not recommended by the American Academy of Dermatology.
Antifungals
In persistent or especially bad rashes, an antifungal cream often has to be used. In cases that the rash is more of an irritation, a mild topical corticosteroid preparation, e.g. hydrocortisone cream, is used. As it is often difficult to tell a fungal infection apart from a mere skin irritation, many physicians prefer an corticosteroid-and-antifungal combination cream such as hydrocortisone/miconazole.
References
External links
Diapers
Babycare
Eczema
In the Frame was Dick Francis' fourteenth novel, published by Michael Joseph in 1976. Its US release was by Harper and Row in 1977.
Plot
Horse artist Charles Todd arrives on a visit to their cousin Donald just as the police are investigating the murder of Donald's wife in the course of a burglary, during which all the artworks in their home were stolen as well as a valuable stock of wine. Charles stays to look after Donald, who is traumatised into inaction and besides is being treated as a suspect by the police.
At a race meeting later they run into the rich and flamboyant widow Maisie Matthews who asks Charles to come and paint the ruin of their mansion, which was recently burned to the ground. When they go to inspect the site, they disturb a man called Greene who claims they are inspecting the site for the insurance company. Charles' suspicions are raised when they learn that Greene was a sham and that Maisie had recently bought a horse painting by Alfred Munnings during a visit to Australia. By coincidence Donald had also bought a Munnings in an Australian gallery while on a wine-buying trip for their business. Charles begins to wonder whether the paintings were forgeries which a gang steals back or, in Maisie's case, attempts to destroy (when they cannot find it) by burning down their house.
With expense money provided by Maisie, Charles' goes to stay in Sydney with a former art school friend, Jik Cassavetes, and their recent wife Sarah. The shop where Maisie bought their painting was only on a short lease and is now closed. However, there is a Melbourne branch of the company so Charles, Jik and Sarah go to the city for the annual races and to follow-up leads. There they encounter other members of what looks increasingly like a highly organised criminal enterprise. They therefore burgle the shop and come away with evidence that the gang are engaged in an international operation.
Knowing by now that the gang is ruthless and violent, and that they have been tipped off whom to seek, Charles and their friends catch a flight to Alice Springs, where the art firm has another branch. There Charles encounters the expert forger Harley Renbo, but before they can do much more they are seized by two thugs and thrown from a second floor balcony. Surviving this, they fly with their friends to New Zealand in order to warn another collector whose name appears in the stolen files to be vigilant. They have also contacted the English police and asked them to follow up the leads with which they have provided them. Barely escaping yet another attempt on their life, Charles flies back to Australia with their friends, while the gang and their leader are arrested. Back in England, they tie up loose ends.
Development
Dick Francis constructed their plots to a recognisable formula. Their protagonist has an interest in horse racing, meets injury with a phlegmatic acceptance of pain and is loyal to relations and friends. In this case Charles investigates the burglary out of compassion, to relieve the pressure on their traumatised cousin. Often, a talkative elder woman is featured in the novels; here it is Maisie, who plays more than a comical role, providing the initial clue and the finance to cover Charles' expenses.
Though Francis' wife Mary always refused to be credited as co-authoring their novels, it became known that their share in them was often crucial. In the case of In the Frame they took up painting and so was able to provide all the technical detail for Charles and Jik's artistic work.
The novel was broadly adapted for a TV movie in 1989. However, the detection is credited there to David Cleveland, the Jockey Club investigator of Slay Ride, and the action takes place in Germany, not Australia.
References
See also
Book audio online, read by Tony Britton]
1976 British novels
Novels by Dick Francis
British crime novels
Michael Joseph books
