Louise Bawden (born 7 August 1981) is an Australian volleyball and beach volleyball player. They represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in indoor volleyball, finishing in 9th. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in beach volleyball, but they and team-mate Becchara Palmer did not qualify from the pool stage.
Personal
Bawden was born in Melbourne, Victoria and attended Fintona Girls' School. They spent their childhood in Melbourne, moving to Canberra when they were sixteen. They then moved to the Netherlands after the Sydney Olympics, returning to Australia in 2003. In 2008, they completed a degree at a university in Queensland. They attended the 2008 Summer Olympics as a fan. , they live in Adelaide.
Bawden is tall and weighs .
Indoor volleyball
Bawden earned a volleyball scholarship at the Australian Institute of Sport when they were sixteen years old. As a nineteen-year-old, they represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in indoor volleyball, where their team finished ninth. Following the Sydney Games, they played professional volleyball in the Netherlands until 2003. In 2002, they competed in the World Championships.
Beach volleyball
Bawden is a beach volleyball player. Following the 2008 Summer Olympics, they approached the Adelaide-based Australian beach volley programme about the possibility of getting into the sport. Following this, in 2009, they became involved with Australia's National Beach Volleyball Program, making a switch from indoor to beach and was initially teamed up with Becchara Palmer. That year, they shared the world beach volleyball association top rookie award with Angie Akers, an American.
At the 2009 Mazury Open in Stare Jablonki, Poland, Bawden and partner Palmer finished second. The competition was part of the FIVB World Tour. They and Palmer twice won the Australian Championships, once in 2010 and again in 2011.
In 2011, Palmer and Bawden were Australia's number one ranked team, and the duo finished ninth at the 2011 World Championships. With their partner Palmer, they finished seventeenth at the 2011 FIVB Moscow World Tour in Moscow, Russia. With their partner, they finished fourth at the 2011 FIVB Phuket World Tour in Phuket, Thailand.
In 2012, Bawden and Palmer played in 31 matches, winning 20 of them. This increased their world ranking to 16. With their partner, they finished ninth at the 2012 FIVB Brasília World Tour in Brasília, Brazil. With their partner, they finished fifth at the 2012 FIVB Sanya World Tour in Sanya, China. With their partner, they finished seventeenth at the 2012 FIVB Shanghai World Tour in Shanghai, China. With their partner, they finished ninth at the 2012 FIVB Beijing World Tour in Beijing, China. With their partner, they finished ninth at the 2012 FIVB Rome World Tour in Rome, Italy, which secured their Olympic berth. With their partner, they finished fifth at the 2012 FIVB Moscow World Tour in Moscow, Russia.
Bawden was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in beach volleyball, in June 2012 following a selection process that was 18 months long and involved becoming one of the sixteen top ranked teams in the world. Going into the Olympics, their team was ranked fourteenth in the world, but did not qualify from the pool stages.
They participated in the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio with partner Taliqua Clancy, and made it to the Quarter-finals.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Australian women's volleyball players
Australian women's beach volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Beach volleyball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic volleyball players of Australia
Olympic beach volleyball players of Australia
Beach volleyball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Melbourne
The Children's Environmental Exposure Research Study (or CHEERS) was a study conducted by the United States Environmental Protection Agency designed to examine how children may be exposed to pesticides and other chemicals used in U.S. households, such as phthalates, brominated flame retardants, and perfluorinated compounds (PFOS, PFOA, PFNA, and others). The two-year study began in the summer of 2004 and was conducted in Duval County, Florida, a region with high concentration of pesticides.
On April 8, 2005, Stephen L. Johnson cancelled the study after the program was criticized. Johnson themselves was heavily criticized for their support in the use of human test subjects during their tenure as EPA's Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances.
Mechanics of the study
The study was due to be completed in two years, researchers would follow the progress of 60 young children whose parents sprayed pesticides frequently. They would collect data every six months taken from biological samples such as blood and urine. Parents were also required to document specific information such as food and liquid intake. They must also record their children's activities on video. To qualify, a family has to have a confirmed history of residential pesticide use, a child under the age of 13 months and must agree to continue using pesticides inside the residential abode.
Participating families were promised monetary compensation of up to $970, study T-shirt, framed Certificate of Appreciation, study bib for the baby, calendar, study newsletter, and a camcorder.
Controversies
EPA recruiting information for CHEERS claimed that participation in the study presented "no risk" to the subjects or their families. Critics, however, contended that the state of knowledge about pesticide exposure risks to infants and children while imprecise, suggests that residential pesticide exposure poses developmental risks to infants and children. This meant that CHEERS would have paid families to expose their children to pesticides for two years. EPA denied this, stressing that because CHEERS would have only examined families who used pesticides prior to the study, CHEERS would not have increased the subject families' exposure to pesticides. The argument is based on the fact that the study had an observational, rather than experimental design. There was fear, however, that the study could induce parents to intentionally expose their children to pesticides to be able to qualify in the high-use group of the study.
The study was also criticized for using disproportionately black, lower-income families as subjects. EPA's claim was that Duval County was chosen because they knew that many families in the area were using large amounts of pesticides to control roaches and pests.
The EPA also received $2 million of the proposed 9 million budget for the CHEERS study from the American Chemistry Council, a lobbying group representing 135 chemical companies in exchange for measuring levels of common household chemicals such as flame, retardants, and ingredients in plastic products along with pesticides.
The CHEERS project was terminated in 2005 after it became a political matter. Thereafter, the U.S. Congress also passed a law that bans EPA from funding intentional exposure research that involves children and pregnant or nursing women.
References
EPA page on CHEERS
Editorial criticizing CHEERS
Urban Legends on CHEERS
Further reading
Lessons Learned From the Children's Environmental Exposure Research Study
Protecting Kids from Environmental Exposure
2004 in the United States
Duval County, Florida
United States Environmental Protection Agency
Environmental research
The International Informix Users Group (IIUG) is a non-profit organization whose goals are to provide support and education for users of Informix products and technology.
Membership to IIUG has always been free. IIUG counted over 28,000 members in 2007.
History
It has been created in 1995 by five founders:
Carlton Doe,
Walt Hultgren,
Lester Knutsen,
Malcolm Weallans and
Cathy Kipp.
As of 2013, the IIUG is a non-profit organization.
Services
IIUG provides many services to its members including a monthly newsletter, a jobs board, and SIG forums.
News
One of the main service of IIUG is to publish news through a monthly newsletter (The Insider). Previous editors of the Insider are Fred (Federico) Hubbard, Jean Georges Perrin, Gary Ben-Israel and David Fraser.
Forum
For many years the IIUG provided SIG forums with topics on Informix-4GL, Informix Dynamic Server, etc. Beginning in 2019 community support has been moved to the IBM Communities site .
All IIUG Forum history continues to be accessible and searchable from the IIUG web site at:
TV
More recently, IIUG has started its own TV channel: http://www.iiug.tv.
Conference
IIUG has organized and conducted its own user conference since 2008 usually held in late April. The 2014 conference was held in Miami, Florida, from April 27 to May 1.
Management
It is managed by a board, composed of 10 elected volunteers and 1 liaison to IBM, who now owns the Informix product line.
Current Board of Directors
For 2019-2020, the board is composed of:
Cindy Lichtenauer (President), United States.
Stuart Litel (IBM Representative), United States.
Gary Ben-Israel, National Institute for Testing and Evaluation, Israel.
Rhonda Hackenburg, PACLE, United States.
Art Kagel, ASK Database Management, United States.
Vicente Salvador, Deister, Spain.
Ognjen Orel, University of Zagreb, Croatia.
David Link, West Corp., United States.
Eric Vercelletto, Begooden-IT Consulting, France.
Past Board of Directors Members
Many people have devoted their time and efforts to support the Informix user community through service on the Board, including:
Tom Beebe, Advanced DataTools Corp., United States.
Gary Ben-Israel, Israel.
Khaled Bentebal, ConsultIX, France.
Miguel Carbone, MC IT Solutions, Brazil.
Chetan Chaturvedi, IBM Representative.
Carlton Doe, United States.
Sergio Ferreira, MoreData, Portugal.
Ron Flannery, United States.
Andrew Ford, United States.
Tammy Frankforter, Anchorage School District, United States.
David Fraser, Logis, New Zealand.
Rhonda Hackenburg, United States.
Fred Hubbard, United States.
Walt Hultgren (Past President), United States.
June Hunt, United States.
Norma Jean Sebastian, United States.
Art Kagel, ASK Database Management, United States.
Cathy Kipp, United States.
Lester Knutsen, Advanced DataTools Corp., United States.
Cindy Lichtenauer (Current President), United States.
David Link, United States.
Stuart Litel (Past President, Current IBM Representative), United States.
Al Martin, IBM, United States.
Janet Oswald, IBM, United States.
Jean Georges Perrin, France.
Mark Scranton, United States.
Michael Segel, United States.
Bruce Simms, United States.
Kernoal Stephens, United States.
Kate Tomchick, Home Depot, United States.
Neil Truby, United Kingdom.
Eric Vercelletto, Begooden-IT Consulting, France.
Malcolm Weallans, United States.
Bruce Weed, IBM, United States.
References
External links
http://www.iiug.org/
Professional associations based in the United States
International professional associations
International trade associations
User groups
Informix
IBM user groups
Athena is a rock/ska band from Istanbul, Turkey, founded by twin brothers Hakan Özoğuz (guitar and backing vocals) and Gökhan Özoğuz (lead vocals and guitar) in 1987. They have released 8 albums and featured as the Turkish entry to the 2004 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "For Real", finishing fourth.
Band history
Athena (ah-T'hěn-ah) was formed by twin brothers Gökhan Özoğuz and Hakan Özoğuz as a thrash metal band in 1987. After an unsuccessful first album, they switched their style to ska punk sometime later. Athena released their second album Holigan in 1998. The distinct ska sound of the album was welcomed by the local record buying public so much so that the title song Holigan was adopted as a march by football supporters of all ages at the stadiums. The album hit various Turkish charts and stayed at the top for a considerable amount of time. Shortly after releasing Holigan, Athena did a large scale tour of Turkey. One of the significant moments of the tour was their show at Açikhava Tiyatrosu in Istanbul. They later opened for Rolling Stones at a concert at Ali Sami Yen Stadium, then home to the Turkish football club Galatasaray.
Athena was the face of Turkey as part of the Millennium Concert at Taksim Square in Istanbul on the first night of 2000. The said concert was broadcast live by the Turkish channel NTV. They were later invited to the Popkomm Festival held in Köln, Germany where they performed with the Beastie Boys.
Their third album “Tam Zamanı Şimdi” was released in 2000 and the first single Yaşamak Var Ya was an instant hit in Turkey. The album sales reached gold status in an extremely short time. Their tour was sold out as a result of their exploding popularity. They performed a series of concerts in Germany pairing up with the German ska band The Fritz. After the tour, their song Devam Boşver was included in the album World of Ska Volume 11, released in Europe by the ska label Pork Pie Records. They later recorded the song Oniki Dev Adam (12 Giant Men) for the Turkish national basketball team. The Turkish team finished runner-up in the EuroBasket 2001 and many European newspapers commented that the song, sung by the team's supporters during the games, led the team play better.
In January 2002, Athena's fourth album Them Şey Yolunda was released. Two songs from this album, Öpücük and Beyoğlu were major hits. In 2003 Athena became part of an anti-war movement against the Iraqi war and contributed to the collaborative song Savaşa Hiç Gerek Yok (No Need for War), performing with many other musicians. Athena was the guest group at the huge dance show directed by Beyhan Murphy for Turkish Opera and Ballet. They also headlined the H2000 Festival June 2003 with Starsailor. Athena were among the headliners of the Rock'n Coke Festival of 2003 together with such acts as Pet Shop Boys, The Cardigans, Suede, Simple Minds, Sugababes, Dirty Vegas.
On May 15, 2004, Athena represented Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest with For Real. In an unprecedented result, the ska band finished 4th in the contest. After Eurovision, their maxi single For Real was released in Germany and Greece. Athena's first concert after the Eurovision Song Contest was the European – Turkish Festival in Berlin which was broadcast live on TRT (Turkish National TV). After the concert, and already popular in Germany, Athena was a guest on TV Total, a popular German talk show where they performed live.
In June 2004 Athena's new album US was released in Turkey. With the release of their fifth self-titled album, "Athena" in 2005, their sound showed signs of change once more, with the band experimenting with an alternative rock sound this time. In 2010 the band released the album Pis, which followed this change in style. In 2005, the song "Tam Zamani Simdi" was featured on the FIFA 06 soundtrack.
In 2011, the band recorded a cover of Frank Sinatra's famous song "My Way" and performed it on the Rock'n Coke festival. Turkish version of the song's lyrics written by Gökhan Özoğuz under the title "Ben Böyleyim". On September 8, 2012, they opened for Red Hot Chili Peppers in Istanbul.
Gökhan and Hakan Özoğuz were among the four jury members of the third season of the reality television singing competition ‘O Ses Türkiye' aired by TV8 (the Turkish version of the television show The Voice).
In 2014, Athena released an album named Altüst. The most controversial song in that album is “Ses Etme” because of the music video which published in 2016. The music video features the day of a transgender woman. Athena criticized the prejudice against transgender people and the hate crime in this song.
Discography
Albums
1993 – One Last Breath (April 1993)
1998 – Holigan (May 1998)
2000 – Tam Zamanı Şimdi (April 2000)
2002 – Herşey Yolunda (January 2002)
2004 – Us (June 2004)
2005 – Athena (May 2005)
2010 – Pis (May 2010)
2014 – Altüst (November 2014)
Singles and EPs
2001 – Mehteran Şeferi
2004 – For Real
2006 – İt (May 2006)
2007 – Fenerbahçe'nin 100 Şerefli Yılı (Fenerbahçe 100th Anniversary)
2011 – Ben Böyleyim
2016 – Geblo (Bad Cat)
2017 – Ses Etme (Remixes) (2017)
2017 – Geberiyorum (Nazım Hikmet Ran Günler Şiiri) (2017)
2022 – Mamak Türküsü (Yeni Türkü Zamansız) (2022)
References
External links
Third-wave ska groups
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Turkey
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2004
Turkish punk rock groups
Musical groups from Istanbul
Golden Butterfly Award winners
Ridgway State Park is a state park located in Ouray County, Colorado. The park is 21 miles southeast of Montrose, 14 miles northeast of Ouray, it is also 4 miles north of the town of Ridgway and 312 miles southwest of Denver. The current wildlife consists of deer, mountain lions, coyotes, rabbits, and elk. Due to the park's variety of animal life, the park is used as a hunting ground although hunting opportunities are extremely limited due to proximity to developed areas.
Facilities
Three entrances to the park provide a range of options; Dallas Creek is a day-use only area, with facilities for picnicking, fishing in the summer, although it is not recommended. Dutch Charlie (the second entrance to the State Park) contains the camping facilities. Yurts and cabins are available for rent nightly. Two Yurts are wheelchair accessible. Tent sites with Full RV hook ups are available. Several tent sites are wheelchair accessible. Lake access includes a marina for long term stays, boats docks, and a swim beach for the kids. Nature and hiking trails dot the area around the lake featuring great views of the Cimarron Range of the San Juan Mountains. One trail leads you through all of the parks' areas and back. Several portions of the trails provide wheelchair access, including trails to fishing ponds. The third entrance is most visited for its fishing. Pa-co-chu-puk has an assortment of fishing areas, including two ponds connected to Ridgway reservoir. Brown, rainbow, and cutthroat trout are commonly caught at Pa-co-chu-puk.
References
Protected areas of Ouray County, Colorado
State parks of Colorado
Protected areas established in 1989
Kaugatoma Bay () is bay in Saare County, Estonia.
Eastern-southern part of the bay is called as Ariste Bay and southern part as Lõu or Lõo Bay.
Several islets are located on the bay, e.g. Ooslamaa, Paasrahu, Võrkrahu.
References
Bays of Estonia
Saare County
Nadezhda Alekhina, née Bazhenova (; born 22 September 1978) is a Russian triple jumper.
They finished fourth at the 2002 European Athletics Indoor Championships and won the bronze medal at the 2005 Summer Universiade. They also competed at the World Championships in 2003, 2005 and 2009 without reaching the finals. In the long jump they finished seventh at the 2001 Summer Universiade.
Them personal best jump is 15.14 metres, achieved in July 2009 in Cheboksary. The Russian record is currently held by Tatyana Lebedeva with 15.34 metres. Alekhina also has 6.56 metres in the long jump, achieved in June 2003 in Tula.
International competitions
National titles
Russian Athletics Championships
Triple jump: 2003, 2005, 2009, 2010
Russian Indoor Athletics Championships
Triple jump: 2002
References
1978 births
Living people
Russian female long jumpers
Russian female triple jumpers
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2005 Summer Universiade
World Athletics Championships athletes for Russia
Russian Athletics Championships winners
Sarson's is a brand of malt vinegar brewed in the United Kingdom. It is sold in pear shaped bottles with a flip top and the brand is currently owned by Mizkan. Sarson's also produces vinegar for Sainsbury's, 3663, Chef, Independent and Mizkan.
History and uses
The vinegar was first brewed by Thomas Sarson in 1794 from malt barley. James Thomas Sarson was a vinegar maker living at Brunswick Place, Shoreditch in 1841. Sales rocketed when their son Henry James Sarson took over. It was renamed "Sarson's Virgin Vinegar" in 1884, referencing a Biblical story of The Wise and Foolish Virgins, by which they were inspired, as opposed to the purity of the product, but this name was soon dropped. In 1893, the company was trading under the name of Henry Sarson and Sons from "The Vinegar Works", Catherine Street, City Road, Shoreditch, London. Two of Henry's sons, Henry Logsdail Sarson and Percival Stanley Sarson also joined the family business as vinegar brewers.
The Sarson's Vinegar factory was situated in Tanner Street in Bermondsey, London, on the southern approach to Tower Bridge, where you could smell the aroma of the vinegar.
In 1932 the company merged with other British vinegar producers to form British Vinegars Ltd. In 1968, British Vinegars purchased a site from the Co-op in Middleton, Greater Manchester and production moved there.
The Tanner Street factory was closed, and the building and factory were used for storage. Starting in 2000, parts of the site were redeveloped for flats. Old and new parts of the factory were subsequently merged to form new buildings and offices. Remaining buildings were removed. There was also an additional factory in Stourport-on-Severn, now closed.
The company was taken over by Crosse & Blackwell which in turn was taken over by Nestlé but sold to Premier Foods. Premier Foods agreed in July 2012 to sell its Sarson's, Haywards pickled onion and Dufrais vinegar brands to Mizkan – a 200-year-old vinegar manufacturer in Japan – for £41m as part of a streamlining programme.
Advertising
A print of a cartoon dates from 1893 entitled "The Irony of Circumstance", featuring 'acetic faced women' in front of sign which reads "Virgin Vinegar".
A Sarson's Virgin Vinegar colour advertisement postcard survives from the 1900s for a campaign entitled "She would have Sarsons". And from the 1930s and 1940s there is a photograph of a Sarson's vinegar truck and 49 photographs of the works, in a collection created by British Vinegars Limited and are held in the London Metropolitan Archives.
The slogan used to advertise the product is "Don't say vinegar - say Sarson's".
Varieties
Malt and Distilled Vinegar
Lemon Vinegar
Light Malt Vinegar
Pickling Strength Malt Vinegar
Other products
Worcester sauce
Soy sauce
Gravy browning
References
External links
British condiments
Brand name condiments
British brands
Mizkan brands
Vinegar
The Cincinnati Commercial Tribune was a major daily newspaper in Cincinnati, Ohio formed in 1896, and folded in 1930.
The Commercial Tribune was created in 1896 by the merger of the longstanding Commercial Gazette and newcomer Cincinnati Tribune. Murat Halstead was a well-known editor of The Commercial and The Commercial Gazette in the 1860s-1880s. A representative of John Roll McLean, owner of The Cincinnati Enquirer, acquired the paper in 1911, and continued to operate it as a Republican paper (as opposed to the Democratic Party slant of the Enquirer). The decline in Republican fortunes and the financial situation of the paper in general led to its close in December 1930.
History
The Cincinnati Commercial debuted on October 2, 1843. The original publishers were Greeley Curtis and Hastings. Hastings did not stay long with the paper, and Curtis later brought on their brother-in-law J.W.S. Browne as a partner. Murat Halstead joined the Commercial in 1853, and later obtained some ownership, and a controlling interest by 1867. Partner M.D. Potter bought land to build the Cincinnati Commercial Building at the corner of Fourth and Race in 1859.
Commercial Gazette
One of the predecessors of the Tribune, the Commercial Gazette, was created in 1883 from the merger of the Cincinnati Commercial and Daily Gazette.
The Gazette once claimed a lineage dating from the founding of Centinel of the Northwest Territory in 1793, though in reality that entity is considered to have moved to Chillicothe, Ohio with its owner in 1800. More accurately, Thomas Palmer published the first issue of the Cincinnati Gazette on July 15, 1815, which they merged with the pre-existing Liberty Hall later that year, a paper which had been founded in 1804. A daily paper (the Daily Gazette) first appeared on July 25, 1827.
References
Publications established in 1896
Publications disestablished in 1930
Defunct newspapers published in Cincinnati
Serafino Cretoni (4 September 1833 – 3 February 1909) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Rites from 1903 until their death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1896.
Biography
Serafino Cretoni was born in Soriano, and studied at the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare, where they obtained their doctorate in theology. They also studied and was fluent in English, French, Greek, and Spanish. Ordained to the priesthood in 1857, Cretoni then taught philosophy at the Pontifical Urban Athenaeum of Propaganda Fide in Rome. They also served as Vice-Substitute of the Vatican Secretariat of State, and as Secretary of the commission for Oriental affairs at the First Vatican Council (1869–1870).
Cretoni was named a canon of the Liberian Basilica and of St. Peter's Basilica before becoming Archivist of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith. In 1877, they were sent by Pope Pius IX to attend the general chapter of the Armenian Mechitarists in Venice. Cretoni was raised to the rank of Domestic Prelate of Their Holiness on 21 May 1878, and made Undersecretary of State on 19 September 1879. They later became Secretary of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith, in the section of Oriental rites, on 16 November 1880 and Assessor of the Supreme Sacred Congregation of the Holy Office on 20 March 1889.
On 16 January 1893 Simeoni was appointed Titular Archbishop of Damascus by Pope Leo XIII, receiving their episcopal consecration on the following 5 February from Cardinal Raffaele Monaco La Valletta. Simeoni was named Nuncio to Spain on 9 May that year, and created Cardinal Priest of Santa Maria sopra Minerva by Pope Leo in the consistory of 22 June 1896.
From 19 April 1900 to 15 April 1901 they served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals. They were appointed Prefect of the Congregation for Indulgences and Sacred Relics on 23 October 1900 and of the Sacred Congregation of Rites on 7 January 1903. They also participated in the papal conclave of 1903, which selected Pope Pius X.
Cardinal Cretoni died in Rome, at the age of 75. After lying in state in the church of San Carlo ai Catinari, they were buried at the Campo Verano cemetery.
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
1833 births
1909 deaths
20th-century Italian cardinals
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Apostolic Nuncios to Spain
Cardinals created by Pope Leo XIII
19th-century Italian cardinals
Ketel Emamzadeh Hashem (), also Romanized as Kotal Emāmzādeh Hāshem, is a village in Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Damavand County
Sudhir Bhargava was the ninth Chief Information Commissioner of India. They held the office from January 1, 2019 until their retirement on January 11, 2020. They had been working as one of the information commissioner since June 2015. Before that they served as secretary in the Ministry of Social Justice. They were an Indian Administrative Service bureaucrat.
References
External links
Sudhir Bhargava at Central Information Commission
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Indian Administrative Service officers
1955 births
Sentimental Journey is a 1946 American drama film directed by Walter Lang and starring John Payne and Maureen O'Hara.
Sentimental Journey was remade in 1958 as The Gift of Love, with Lauren Bacall and Robert Stack.
Plot
A Broadway producer Bill (John Payne) and their actor-wife Julie (Maureen O'Hara) are unable to have children. While strolling along the seashore, Julie finds an imaginative orphaned girl nicknamed Hitty (Connie Marshall) and decides to adopt her, a plan that Bill agrees to while distracted by work on their latest playscript. Shortly afterward, Julie dies of a heart attack, leaving Hitty in the care of the sullen Bill, who can't seem to connect with the girl. Guided and comforted by a ghostly vision of Julie, Hitty looks after Bill while they struggle to cope with Julie's death. At a Sunday afternoon party at the country house, Bill tells their friends to leave when Hitty describes their latest visitation from Julie. After Hitty runs away, Bill returns to the apartment and finds a recording of Julie's voice in which they describe Hitty as the "living link" that will always bind them. Bill goes to search for Hitty, finding them at the seashore where they first met Julie and rescuing them as the tide comes crashing in. Back at the apartment, Bill tucks Hitty into bed and informs their business manager that they must return to work now that they have a daughter to support.
Cast
John Payne as William O. Weatherly
Maureen O'Hara as Julie Beck Weatherly
William Bendix as Uncle "Don" Donnelly
Cedric Hardwicke as Dr. Jim Miller
Glenn Langan as Judson
Connie Marshall as Mehitabel "Hitty" Weatherly
Mischa Auer as Gregory Petrovich Rogozhin
Kurt Kreuger as Walt Wilson
Trudy Marshall as Ruth
Ruth Nelson as Mrs. McMasters
Reception
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times panned the film, calling it an "utterly mawkish picture ... a compound of hackneyed situations, maudlin dialogue and preposterously bad acting and is illogic all the way through." John McCarten of The New Yorker described the plot as "dismal" and reported that "not the merest trickle of a tear ran down my cheeks" despite the film being "plainly designed to break my heart." Variety declared it "the weeper to end all weepers," and despite considering the film to be "plodding and sometimes too premeditated," predicted it would be a box office hit. Harrison's Reports called it "a fairly good drama," though "thin and slow-moving."
Despite the less-than-glowing reviews from critics, the film was a box office success.
References
External links
1946 films
1946 drama films
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
Films about adoption
Films based on short fiction
Films directed by Walter Lang
Films scored by Cyril J. Mockridge
American drama films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Yang Qiu ( 211–220) was a warlord from northwestern China who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty.
Life
Around 211, Yang Qiu joined a coalition of warlords in the Guanzhong region, led by Ma Chao and Han Sui, and rebelled against the Han central government, which was under the control of the warlord Cao Cao. Cao Cao's forces defeated the coalition at the Battle of Tong Pass, after which Yang Qiu fled to Anding Commandery (安定郡; around present-day Pingliang, Gansu). In the winter of 211, Cao Cao led an army from Chang'an to attack and besiege Yang Qiu in Anding Commandery. Yang Qiu surrendered. They were restored of their former titles awarded by the Han imperial court and allowed to remain in their former territory in northwestern China and pacify the people there.
Yang Qiu served in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period after the fall of the Han dynasty in 220. In Cao Pi's reign, they were appointed as General Who Attacks Bandits (討寇將軍) and gradually rose through the ranks until they were enfeoffed as the Marquis of Linjing (臨涇侯). They died of natural causes.
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
2nd-century births
Year of birth unknown
3rd-century deaths
Year of death unknown
Han Sui and associates
Generals under Cao Cao
Event management software is the generic term for a wide range of software products that are used in the management of professional and academic conferences, trade exhibitions, conventions and smaller events such as Continuing Professional Development (CPD) meetings.
The most common event management applications are:
Event schedule planning
Customized event website creation
Online event registration, ticketing and delegate management including online payment
Event budgeting
Lead retrieval
Venue selection
Event Marketing
Event Networking for attendee engagement
Procurement, sourcing and RFPs
Content management including abstract and/or paper management, reviewing, programme development and publishing
Exhibition management including floor planning, booking and billing
On-site operations including registration, badges and networking
Audience response solutions, live slide sharing and second screen tools as live polls, Q+A, etc.
References
Business software
Event management
Prince Maximilian of Liechtenstein (Maximilian Nikolaus Maria; born 16 May 1969), known professionally as Max von Liechtenstein, is a member of the Liechtenstein princely family and business person.  They are the second son of Prince Hans-Adam II and Princess Marie.
Education
After passing their examinations at the Liechtensteinisches Gymnasium in Vaduz, they studied at the European Business School in Oestrich-Winkel, Germany, and graduated in 1993. In 1998 they completed an MBA degree at Harvard Business School in Boston, Massachusetts.
Career
Prince Maximilian went to work for Chase Capital Partners (the private equity arm of Chase Manhattan Corporation) in New York City. After an interval in which they earned their advanced degree in business and was married, they worked for two years for Industrie Kapital. In 2003, they began the management of the German office of JPMorgan Partners.
Since the spring of 2006, they have been the Chief Executive Officer of the LGT Group. Professionally, they are referred to as Prince Max, rather than Prince Maximilian.
Family
Prince Maximilian met Angela Brown, a Panamanian-American fashion designer, at a private party in New York in 1997. In 1999, the Principality of Liechtenstein's Information Bureau announced the forthcoming nuptials of Prince Maximilian to Angela Brown. Prince Maximilian married Angela civilly on 21 January 2000 in Vaduz, Liechtenstein, and religiously on 29 January 2000, at 11:00 am, at the Church of St. Vincent Ferrer in New York City.
The marriage brought a person of Afro-Panamanian ancestry into one of the remaining reigning families of Europe. Prince Maximilian obtained prior consent and full support of the sovereign, who also attended the wedding. While some members of the princely house were said to be shocked and to consider the interracial marriage and the eleven years age gap (with Angela being older than Prince Maximilian) "the end of an era", others were said to have expressed support.
Prince Maximilian and Princess Angela have a son:
Prince Alfons Constantin Maria of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg (born on 18 May 2001 in London, England).
Titles, styles and arms
Maximilian is styled as Their Serene Highness Prince Maximilian of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg. They also bear the coat of arms of the princely house.
References
1969 births
Living people
Princes of Liechtenstein
Harvard Business School alumni
Liechtenstein Roman Catholics
People from St. Gallen (city)
Avon is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Gelang Patah or Glang Patah may refer to:
Gelang Patah
Gelang Patah (federal constituency)
Gelang Patah (state constituency), formerly represented in the Johor State Legislative Assembly (1959–95)
The Center for Computation and Technology (CCT) is an interdisciplinary research center located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
In 2003, the Center for Applied Information Technology and Learning (LSU CAPITAL) was integrated as a full research center on LSU's campus as part of the Governor's Vision 2020 plan, and then renamed the Center for Computation & Technology.
CCT's first director was Ed Seidel. Seidel led the CCT from 2003 to 2008, then accepted a position as director of the National Science Foundation's Office of Cyberinfrastructure (OCI). CCT faculty members Stephen David Beck and Jorge Pullin served as Interim Co-directors from 2008 to 2010. In December 2010, Joel Tohline, the interim director of the original LSU CAPITAL, was named CCT director.
Other faculty and executive staff members at the CCT included Gabrielle Allen, computer scientist and co-creator of the Cactus Framework; Thomas Sterling, former NASA scientist and co-creator of the Beowulf class cluster that is a building block of the world's supercomputers; and Susanne Brenner, recipient of the 2005 Humboldt Research Award.
CCT employs 30 full-time faculty members, all of whom hold joint appointments with other LSU departments, such as the Department of Computer Science, the College of Basic Sciences, and the College of Music and Dramatic Arts, in five Focus Areas: Core Computing Sciences, Coast to Cosmos, Material World, Cultural Computing, and System Science & Engineering. The center has a Cyberinfrastructure Development (CyD) division, originally led by Daniel S. Katz, then Shantenu Jha, and now Steven Brandt; and, in partnership with the LSU ITS department, a group called HPC@LSU that provides support for the campus and statewide cyberinfrastructure, led by Honggao Liu. CCT employees about 100 students and staff, including research and post-doctoral staff, and undergraduate and graduate students.
The CCT is primarily located in Johnston Hall on the LSU campus, but offices and cyberinfrastructure also are housed in the Frey Computing Services Center. LSU's Supercomputer, SuperMike, was located in Frey and used for nearly five years for advanced research. In June 2007, SuperMike was dismantled to make way for construction of the university's new supercomputer, Tezpur.
Named for one of the world's hottest peppers, Tezpur is nearly three times as fast as SuperMike, and is one of the most powerful supercomputers owned by any university in the nation. Tezpur was one of the 150 most powerful supercomputers in the world when it was launched.
Tezpur allows CCT researchers to use the resources of the Louisiana Optical Network Initiative (LONI), a high-speed, fiber optic network that links supercomputers at the state's major research institutions, allowing greater collaboration on research that produces results faster and with greater accuracy. LONI puts the state on the National LambdaRail, allowing Louisiana researchers to collaborate with scientists around the country.
CCT also houses the Laboratory for Creative Arts & Technology (LCAT), which provides a forum and facility for faculty and researchers to explore the links between technology and creativity. The lab, located in the basement of Johnston, houses dedicated research labs for audio, video, HD collaboration and tangible technologies.
The Red Stick International Animation Festival, which was first launched by LCAT as a way of demonstrating the links between creativity and the CCT's high-performance computing, is an annual event in downtown Baton Rouge that brings together artists, animators, filmmakers, computer scientists and also animation enthusiasts to showcase the latest developments in Louisiana's digital arts and technology sectors. CCT was also home to Nemeaux, one of the nation's only clusters dedicated to the arts. After five years of service, Nemeaux was retired in October 2009.
References
External links
Louisiana State University
Metka Sparavec (born December 9, 1978 in Maribor) is a retired female freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Slovenia. They represented their native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where they did not reach the final in either of their two individual starts (50 m and 100 m freestyle).
Sparavec was named Slovenian Sportswoman of the year in 1999, after having claimed the bronze medal in the women's 50 m backstroke event at the 1999 European LC Championships in Istanbul.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Female backstroke swimmers
Slovenian female freestyle swimmers
Slovenian female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Slovenia
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Maribor
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Alejandro Ernesto Balbis (Montevideo, December 4, 1967) is a Uruguayan singer, composer, guitarist and producer.
Biography
Early life
Alejandro Balbis took their first steps in music at a young age, taking guitar lessons with Jorge Lazaroff, and then singing and directing the children murga Firulete, which later changed its name to Contrafarsa. Eventually, they started competing in the major carnaval. As time went by, Balbis started to grow as an artist and to gather beginning, young musicians they met at singing workshops they gave in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Their main influences were Alfredo Zitarrosa, Carlos Gardel and Atahualpa Yupanqui, among many others.
Carnaval
Since childhood, they showed a great fondness of carnaval, more specifically, the murgas. They went on to become part of murgas such as Contrafarsa, Falta y Resto, Saltimbanquis, A Contramano, Asaltantes con Patente, etc.
Solo career
After many years of experimenting with different sounds and musicians, "Ale" Balbis got to record their debut album, titled "El Gran Pez", in reference to the movie Big Fish, which had a big impact on the musician's life. The record was viewed in a positive light by critics, especially in Billboard and Rolling Stone magazines, getting a four-star score in the latter. The album was presented in Club Niceto and sold out.
Current band
Tomás Wille (drums, percussion)
Tiago Vega (bass)
Manuel Eguía (guitar)
Sebastián Baró (lead guitar)
Leandro Stivelman (first chorus, accordion)
Nicolás Oviedo (chorus)
Valentin de la Concepción (chorus)
Discography
El Gran Pez (Montevideo Music Group – 2009)
Sin remitente (Montevideo Music Group – 2013)
Bibliography
Montevideo Cachichurris. Issue No. 13 – April 4, 1999, Page 9. Weekly publication – Montevideo, Uruguay.
References
1967 births
Living people
21st-century Uruguayan male singers
Singers from Montevideo
Uruguayan composers
Male composers
Uruguayan male guitarists
North East Tunisia (Arabic: الشمال الشرقي التونسي) is one of the six geographic and economic regions of Tunisia. It consists of seven governorates: Bizerte, Tunis, Aryanah, Menouba, Ben Arous, Zaghouan and Nabeul. At the 2014 Census, the region had a population of 4,176,779. That makes it the most populated region of the country and it has the highest density with 347 people per square kilometer.
Geography
The North East region is located in the extreme north of the country and Africa, Measuring an area of 12,032 km square most of its landscape are Flat Rich of agriculture activities, bounded to the west by the North West region Governorate of Béja, to the north and east by the Mediterranean Sea, and in the south with the Central East region. The region has a coastline length of nearly 227 km.
There are four national parks in the North East, three of them are entirely in the region and one is partially in it: Boukornine National Park is between the Nabeul Governorate and Ben Arous Governorate, Ichkeul National Park in the Bizerte Governorate, Jebel Chitana-Cap Négro National Park between Bizerte Governorate and Béja Governorate and finally Zembra National Park which is an archipelago of Zembra island and Zembretta island in Nabeul Governorate.
Demographics
With 4,176,779 people, the North East is the most populated region in the country. The most populated governorates of the North East are:
Cities and towns
There are several cities and towns with populations that exceed 100,000. These are the 10 most populated cities:
Transportation
The region is linked through many networks of roads. National roads are the most used ones despite been Risky in winter. They pass many rivers and water dams and are often narrow with only two-way. Many national roads may be blocked due to flooding. Highways are considered to be the best choice of travelling, starting in Bizerte with A4 motorway reaching Tunis then stretching through A1 motorway passing Ben Arous, Zaghouan and Hammamet to finally get to Nabeul.
There is also a train connecting Bizerte to Tunis then stretched from Tunis to Hammamet but the trains are old and slow with a travel speed of about 65 km/h.
The Tunis–Carthage International Airport is the most important and busiest Tunisian airport. It is connected to other Tunisian airports through Tunisair Express.
There is also Métro léger de Tunis light metro rail in Tunis that covers the Grand Tunis area with 43 kilometers of line and 67 stations. It has a capacity to carry more than 600,000 persons a day.
Tourism
Health care
Medias
Sports
See also
Grand Tunis
References
External links
North-East Tunisia Details
Geography of Tunisia
Suhl – Schmalkalden-Meiningen – Hildburghausen – Sonneberg is an electoral constituency (German: Wahlkreis) represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 196. It is located in southwestern Thuringia, comprising the city of Suhl and the districts of Hildburghausen, Schmalkalden-Meiningen, and Sonneberg.
Suhl – Schmalkalden-Meiningen – Hildburghausen – Sonneberg was created for the inaugural 1990 federal election after German reunification. Since 2021, it has been represented by Frank Ullrich of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Geography
Suhl – Schmalkalden-Meiningen – Hildburghausen – Sonneberg is located in southwestern Thuringia. As of the 2021 federal election, it comprises the independent city of Suhl and the districts of Hildburghausen, Schmalkalden-Meiningen, and Sonneberg.
History
Suhl – Schmalkalden-Meiningen – Hildburghausen – Sonneberg was created after German reunification in 1990, then known as Suhl – Schmalkalden – Ilmenau – Neuhaus. In the 2002 through 2013 elections, it was named Suhl – Schmalkalden-Meiningen – Hildburghausen. It acquired its current name in the 2017 election. In the 1990 through 1998 elections, it was constituency 307 in the numbering system. In the 2002 election, it was number 199. In the 2005 election, it was number 198. In the 2009 and 2013 elections, it was number 197. Since the 2017 election, it has been number 196.
Originally, the constituency comprised the city of Suhl and the districts of Landkreis Suhl, Schmalkalden, Ilmenau, and Neuhaus. From 2002 through 2013, it comprised the city of Suhl and the districts of Schmalkalden-Meiningen and Hildburghausen. It acquired its current borders in the 2017 election.
Members
The constituency was first represented by Claudia Nolte of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) from 1990 to 1998. Iris Gleicke of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) was representative from 1998 to 2009. Jens Petermann of The Left was elected in 2009 and served a single term. Mark Hauptmann of the CDU was elected in 2013 and re-elected in 2017. Frank Ullrich won the constituency for the SPD in 2021.
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
References
Federal electoral districts in Thuringia
1990 establishments in Germany
Constituencies established in 1990
Suhl
Schmalkalden-Meiningen
Hildburghausen (district)
Sonneberg (district)
In cryptography, MacGuffin is a block cipher created in 1994 by Bruce Schneier and Matt Blaze at a Fast Software Encryption workshop. It was intended as a catalyst for analysis of a new cipher structure, known as Generalized Unbalanced Feistel Networks (GUFNs). The cryptanalysis proceeded very quickly, so quickly that the cipher was broken at the same workshop by Vincent Rijmen and Bart Preneel.
The algorithm
Schneier and Blaze based MacGuffin on DES, their main change being that the data block is not split into equal halves in the Feistel network. Instead, 48 bits of the 64-bit data block are fed through the round function, whose output is XORed with the other 16 bits of the data block. The algorithm was experimental, intended to explore the security properties of unbalanced Feistel networks.
The adjacent diagram shows one round of MacGuffin. The 64-bit data block is broken into four 16-bit words (each represented by one line). The rightmost three are XORed with subkey bits derived from the secret key. They are then fed through eight S-boxes, each of which takes six bits of input and produces two bits of output. The output (a total of 16 bits) is then recombined and XORed with the leftmost word of the data block. The new leftmost block is then rotated into the rightmost position of the resulting data block. The algorithm then continues with more rounds.
MacGuffin's key schedule is a modified version of the encryption algorithm itself. Since MacGuffin is a Feistel network, decryption is easy; simply run the encryption algorithm in reverse.
Schneier and Blaze recommended using 32 rounds, and specified MacGuffin with a 128-bit key.
Cryptanalysis of MacGuffin
At the same workshop where MacGuffin was introduced, Rijmen and Preneel showed that it was vulnerable to differential cryptanalysis. They showed that 32 rounds of MacGuffin is weaker than 16 rounds of DES, since it took "a few hours" to get good differential characteristics for DES with good starting values, and the same time to get good differential characteristics for MacGuffin with no starting values. They found that it is possible to get the last round key with differential cryptanalysis, and from that reverse the last round and repeat the attack for the rest of the rounds.
Rijmen and Preneel tried attacking MacGuffin with different S-boxes, taken directly from DES. This version proved to be slightly stronger, but they warn that designing an algorithm to resist only known attacks is generally not a good design principle.
References
Broken block ciphers
1994 introductions
William Hogarth (1786 – 1866) was an English prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. They were the first Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle.
Early life and ministry
Born at Dodding Green, Kendal, Westmorland on 25 March 1786, they began their early education at Crook Hall, near Consett on 29 August 1796. Hogarth received the tonsure and the four minor orders from Bishop William Gibson on 19 March 1807. The hall became inadequate for its purpose and the establishment was moved to Ushaw College in 1808. They were ordained a sub-deacon on 2 April 1808, a deacon on 14 December 1808, and a priest on 20 December 1809 at Ushaw.
Following their ordination as a priest, it had been intended for Hogarth to serve the mission in Blackburn, but they were too useful to Ushaw and was made one of the professors, and became General Prefect. They left the college on 31 October 1816 to serve as the chaplain at Cliffe Hall, Cliffe in Yorkshire. After eight years, they were transferred to the mission in Darlington on 9 November 1824. They became Vicar General to bishops Briggs, Mostyn and Riddell successively.
Episcopal career
They were appointed the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District of England and Titular Bishop of Samosata on 28 July 1848. Their consecration to the Episcopate took place at St Cuthbert's Chapel, Ushaw College on 24 August 1848, the principal consecrator was Bishop John Briggs, with bishops Brown and Wareing as co-consecrators.
On the restoration of the Catholic Hierarchy in England and Wales on 29 September 1850, the Northern District was elevated to the Diocese of Hexham, with William Hogarth as its first bishop. They were one of the first restored Hierarchy to sign a public document with the title "William, bishop of Hexham" in defiance of the threatened consequencies of the Ecclesiastical Titles Act 1851. Their episcopal title was changed on 23 May 1861 to Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle when it was decreed that St Mary's Cathedral, Newcastle upon Tyne should be the bishop's seat, and the Episcopal see should be renamed the Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle.
They died in office at Darlington on 29 January 1866, aged 79. A Requiem Mass was held at St Augustine's Church, Darlington on 1 February 1866, followed by their burial at Ushaw College cemetery on 6 February 1866.
References
Bibliography
1786 births
1866 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in England
Alumni of Ushaw College
People from Kendal
Apostolic vicars of England and Wales
Roman Catholic bishops of Hexham and Newcastle
Behnua-ye Bala (, also Romanized as Behnūā-e Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
DesignTide Tokyo was an annual design event held from 2005 until 2012. It was held in the Autumn as part of Tokyo Designers Week and concurrent with 100% Design Tokyo, as part of loosely coordinated design event season.
After organization that planned a similar series of events, Tokyo Designers Block, was dissolved after its 2004 events due to financial concerns.
Founding
DesignTide was founded in the wake of the dissolution of Tokyo Designers Block, a similar event which ended in 2004 due to financial troubles, with the hope of continuing to support design in Japan. DesignTide's original founders were many of the same people that were involved with Tokyo Designers Block. As a result, it originally followed a similar focus as Tokyo Designers Block, emphasizing designers' creativity over the functional requirements of a trade show. Starting in 2007, DesignTide sought to develop a trade show component to the event to achieve a more equitable balance between design as creative vision and the need to support commercial activity in the field.
Location
In 2005, DesignTide took place at shops, museums and art galleries throughout Tokyo's design-centric districts, including Aoyama and Harajuku, Daikanyama, Marunouchi and Roppongi.
Starting in 2006, a main exhibition site was added, organized as a design show curated by DesignTide's directors from a pool of applicants. In 2006 the main exhibition took place in a soon-to-be-demolished building in Harajuku; in 2007, in a gymnasium at the National Olympic Stadium; in 2008 and 2009 in the meeting hall of Tokyo Midtown. The main exhibition site eschewed cubicle-shaped booths in favor of unique architectural elements designed in response to each exhibitor space, thus turning the exhibition space itself into work of design.
References
External links
DesignTide Tokyo official site
Trade fairs in Japan
Furniture
Design events
Beatrice Tonnesen (January 24, 1871 - May 12, 1958) was an American artist and photographer based in Chicago, Illinois, from approximately 1896 to 1930.  They are credited with having pioneered the use of photographs of live models in print advertising. In addition, their photos, and illustrations by leading artists based on their photos, were widely used in the calendar art of the era.
Early life
Beatrice Tonnesen was born June 24, 1871, in Winneconne, Wisconsin, to Tonnes Tonnesen and Mary Sumner Tonnesen. Beatrice, who was hearing impaired, studied photography under Cook Ely, Oshkosh, Wisconsin's leading photographer of the day, and at the Oshkosh Normal School. Tonnes Tonnesen was an immigrant from Norway, and one of the representative pioneer businessmen of Winnebago County, Wisconsin. Mary Sumner Tonnesen was a direct descendant of William Sumner of Bicester, England, who came to New England in 1636 and settled in Dorchester, Massachusetts.
Career
In 1895, Tonnesen opened their first photographic art studio in Menominee, Michigan. While operating that studio, Tonnesen traveled to Chicago and arranged to purchase the business and studio of a prominent society photographer, Simon L. Stein, at 1301 Michigan Avenue. Them widowed sister, Clara Tonnesen Kirkpatrick, invested in the project and relocated to Chicago to handle the business aspects of their sister's new venture. Tonnesen quickly became a favorite portrait photographer of many of Chicago's most prominent families, including the Armours, Pullmans, and Palmers. But portrait photography did not remain their only specialty for long. They and their sister Clara soon hit upon an idea that was to revolutionize the world of print advertising. As Tonnesen themselves put it in an interview with the Oshkosh Daily Northwestern in 1954: "One day we thought up a fine scheme. We would make advertising pictures using live models, which had never been done before." The idea took off, and Tonnesen and their "Famous Tonnesen Models" gained nationwide fame. A 1903 advertisement "Introducing The Famous Tonnesen Models" proclaimed, "We operate the largest Photographic Print establishment in America."
At the same time, Tonnesen was cultivating a specialty in calendar art. Creating photos of appealing family scenes, as well as more risque (for the time) studies of beautiful ingenues and glamorous flappers, Tonnesen sold their work not only to advertisers, but also to publishers and artists. A November 18, 1896, article in the Chicago Daily Tribune titled "Ideas for Dull Artists" outlined the various uses of Tonnesen's photos: Advertisers often used them with little or no alteration; publishers often assigned staff illustrators to embellish or paint them using water color, pastels or oils; and independent artists painted from them, capitalizing on Tonnesen's talent for posing and composition, in order to meet the demands of the rapidly expanding art publishing trade. Two of the era's more successful calendar artists, R. Atkinson Fox (1860–1935) and Homer S. Nelson (no dates), who specialized in romanticized depictions of Indian maidens, are among artists known to have painted from Tonnesen's photos.
Them very early work was signed "Tonnesen Sisters". But throughout most of their career, because they sold so much of their work to others for their own use, their name or signature seldom appeared on the final product. Those relatively few pieces which they painted from their own photographs were signed "Beatrice Tonnesen", and can still be found on calendars from approximately 1900 to 1930. Although they are known to have taken thousands of images throughout their career, no original glass plate negatives have ever been located. Small collections of original photos, paintings and prints are all that are known to remain. Most of the original photos are located at the Oshkosh Public Museum and the Winneconne Historical Society. Some few art researchers, relatives of persons associated with Tonnesen during their career, and historians are known to have collections, and a digital collection is retained at the Beatrice Tonnesen website. Them personal scrapbook was restored for the Oshkosh Public Museum and made available for study.
Other innovations
In addition to creating the first photographs of live models for print advertising and supplying the robust calendar trade of the era with decorative artwork, Tonnesen was an inventor.  They are known to have patented a sewing machine cabinet and a holder for long-stem flowers. They also developed a photographic means to produce silhouette portraits and a process for creating sculptures they called "Mars Ware" from furnace clinkers. A 1949 documentary Unusual Occupations featured Tonnesen and their Mars Ware.
Later life
In 1930, Tonnesen, who never married, closed their studio in Chicago and moved back to Winneconne Wisconsin, where they shared their sister Clara's home until Clara's death in 1944. By the early 1950s, they were living in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, at the St. Mary's Home, where they continued to pursue their art interests, creating jewelry and sculptures. They died there on May 12, 1958.
References
External links
BeatriceTonnesen.com
Oshkosh Public Museum
Winneconne Historical Society - Tonnesen Collection
1871 births
1958 deaths
American photographers
People from Winneconne, Wisconsin
American women photographers
Erigeron goodrichii is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Uinta Mountain fleabane.
Erigeron goodrichii has been found only in the northeastern part of the state of Utah in the western United States. It grows at high elevations in the mountains, sometimes above tree line.
Erigeron goodrichii is a tiny perennial herb rarely more than 12 cm (4.8 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. Stems and leaves are covered with hairs, some of them stiff. The plant sometimes produces only one flower heads per stem, sometimes 2 or 3. Each head contains as many as 60 blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
Species is named for ecologist Sherel Goodrich (1943-) of Utah State University.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Utah in 1981, isotype of Erigeron goodrichii
goodrichii
Flora of Utah
Plants described in 1983
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The dusky tit (Melaniparus funereus) is a species of bird in the tit family Paridae.
It is native to the African tropical rainforest.
The dusky tit was formerly one of the many species placed in the genus Parus. It was moved to the resurrected genus Melaniparus based on a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013.
References
dusky tit
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
dusky tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rosenblatt v. Baer, 383 U.S. 75 (1966), was a United States Supreme Court case regarding the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Baer, a supervisor of a county recreation area, brought a civil libel claim in New Hampshire state court against the petitioner Rosenblatt. The recreation area had been used primarily as a ski resort. The column in question had criticized the fiscal management of the area by Baer, stating "What happened to all the money last year? and every other year?" Between the trial and an appeal brought by petitioner, the Court had decided New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, in which they held that a State cannot award damages to a public official for a defamatory falsehood relating to official conduct unless the official can show actual malice. The New Hampshire Supreme Court had affirmed the award in the original case.
Opinion of the Court
In an 8–1 decision, the Court reversed the decision of the New Hampshire Supreme Court. It argued that there was a probability that Baer was a public official and therefore would be required to show actual malice in the depictions presented by the newspaper. It was left to the trial judge to decide whether Baer qualified as a public figure.
See also
New York Times Co. v. Sullivan
Defamation
External links
ACLU summary of the case
New Hampshire state case law
United States defamation case law
Ski areas and resorts in New Hampshire
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court
1966 in United States case law
Belknap County, New Hampshire
Gutman is an unincorporated community in Auglaize County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Gutman was established in 1884, and remained in operation until 1905. The community was named for the local Gutman family, who kept a store there.
A section of the Toledo and Ohio Central Railroad, later absorbed by the New York Central ran through this community before being abandoned in the 1960s.
A photo of the T and OC depot at Gutman can be found here
References
Unincorporated communities in Auglaize County, Ohio
1884 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1884
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Dempster McIntosh (17 January 1896 – 6 May 1984) was an American business executive and diplomat, serving as the United States Ambassador to Uruguay, Venezuela, and Colombia. They were also the President of Philco from 1943 to 1953 and Manager of the Development Loan Fund of the International Cooperation Administration.
Early life
Dempster McIntosh was born in Newport, Rhode Island, on 17 January 1896. At age seven, their family moved to Cotuit, Massachusetts, a small fishing village on Cape Cod, where their father was a gardener on the Rothwell estate. In those preadolescent years, they worked as a laborer in the summertime and was generally known as "a jovial figure." In 1908, the McIntoshes moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where, at the age of 15, they stopped attending school and began working. However, Cotuit historian and biographer Albert Crocker Knight, author of McIntosh's biography, From Ocean View Avenue to Embassy Row, has often said that it was the village, with its bustling commerce, rather than Pittsburgh, that sparked Dempster's interest in business. Indeed, in an article titled by The Barnstable Patriot, Knight was quoted as bestowing McIntosh with the title of "Cotuit's own Horatio Alger." In 1915, after having dropped out of school for some years, they completed a Money and Banking course at the University of Pittsburgh.
Career and diplomacy
During World War I, they served in the Army Quartermaster Corps as a second lieutenant. Following the war, McIntosh resumed their business career, dealing in exports. They eventually rose to the position of Vice President of American Steel Export Co., before being appointed President of Philco International Corporation, a now-defunct electronics manufacturer, in 1943. Now launched into considerable wealth, they and their family, which now contained three daughters, summered in Cotuit at The Pines, a luxury resort located in a historic mansion, which closed in 1958. During this time, their success in business was such that Philco continued its 13-year streak as the bestselling radio producer, and kept the lead until 1950. Later, they became the Director of the Export Manager Club of New York.
In 1953, McIntosh first came into contact with the political elite through their friend and mentor, Pennsylvania Senator James H. Duff, who introduced them to Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and C. Douglas Dillon, a diplomat and New Jersey campaign manager for President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Those connections having been fruitful, Dulles and Dillon then introduced McIntosh to Eisenhower himself, who, recognizing the business person's travel experience, requested they become an ambassador. McIntosh agreed, left Philco, and was appointed the 27th Ambassador to Uruguay 26 September 1953. They were presented with credentials 12 November 1953, and served for three years.
On 3 April 1956, McIntosh left their first ambassadorial position after President Eisenhower appointed them 39th Ambassador to Venezuela on 28 March 1956. Receiving their credentials on 26 April of the same year, their time spent in Venezuela was spent dealing with dictators and making sure Venezuelan oil kept flowing into American markets. Indeed, McIntosh was quoted, while speaking about the Venezuelan political climate, as saying: "in the absence of democratic tradition, the majority of Venezuelans have developed what appears to be an apathetic or acquiescent attitude towards their authoritarian government." At that time, close to half of all oil imported to the United States came from Venezuela. On 27 December 1957, after about a year and a half, McIntosh left the position and returned to the United States, where they served for a year as the first Manager of the Development Loan Fund of the International Cooperation Administration in Washington, D.C.
Having handled the unpredictable political climate in Venezuela, President Eisenhower appointed Mcintosh 18 June 1959 the 25th Ambassador to Colombia. They were presented with credentials 30 July 1959, and served until 6 January 1961, when they retired at the age of 64.
On 6 May 1984, Dempster McIntosh died at the age of 88 in Delray Beach, Florida, where they were living in retirement.
References
1896 births
1984 deaths
American Presbyterians
Ambassadors of the United States to Uruguay
Ambassadors of the United States to Colombia
Ambassadors of the United States to Venezuela
American chief executives
Businesspeople from Newport, Rhode Island
People from Cotuit, Massachusetts
University of Pittsburgh alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
Bathsheba (Hebrew: בת שבע, Bat Sheva, "daughter of the oath") or Bethsheba is a ghost town that was located in Oklahoma, United States. While its exact location is unknown, it was located between Enid, Oklahoma and Perry, Oklahoma. The town was created to be a utopia for women and no men were allowed. Even male animals were barred from the colony. The town is also the subject of a realistic fiction book by Barbara DeVault entitled A Gentle Breed: The Story of Bathsheba, A Town Without Men.
Bathsheba was due west of Purcell. The John W. Morris version, “Ghost Towns of Oklahoma” is the correct story.
Isolation caused this town to go under.
Corbett, Oklahoma was its antithesis. John Corbett created a town (Corbett) due east of Bathsheba. Corbett's utopia was a planned community free of vice.
Both of these isolationist communities failed.
Demographics
Its population consisted of 33 females, 12 of whom left the town after one week. The town's government consisted of a mayor, a police chief and a city council. The police chief's primary function was to guard the community from possible male visitors. It existed for a period of about 12 weeks before its residents vacated.
History
In 1961, Oklahoma historian Robert Cunningham retold the story of an unnamed Kansas reporter who visited the settlement and was shot at by the female police chief while exploring the settlement from afar. A crowd of other colonists had gathered, and fled to their tents after the incident. The reporter later returned to the settlement at the request of their editor to find only prairie.
The existence of Bethsheba is disputed by scholars. In researching for their book Ghost Towns of Oklahoma, Dr. John W. Morris was "unable to specifically locate" the town.
The Daisy Colonists
Female boomer, Annette Daisy, gathered thirty-four women to establish a homestead "across the sacred borders of which no man shall pass." The Daisy Colonists settled on , a few miles west of Ponca. This settlement had two houses and four shelters by December 1893. While the story is similar, neither the town name of Bethsheba nor Annette Daisy appear in Garfield County records.
References
External links
Bathsheba, Oklahoma
Bathsheba - Ghost Town
Populated places in Garfield County, Oklahoma
Ghost towns in Oklahoma
Veera is a 2018 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by Rajaraman and produced by Elred Kumar of RS Infotainment. The film stars Kreshna and Iswarya Menon in the leading roles, with Karunakaran, Rajendran and Yogi Babu in supporting roles. Leon James composed the original score and soundtrack for the film, while Bakkiyam Shankar wrote the film's script. Having begun production in August 2015, the film had gone through a change of cast before being released on 16 February 2018.
Cast
Kreshna as Veeramuthu
Iswarya Menon as Renuka
Karunakaran as Pachamuthu
Radha Ravi as Sketch Sekhar
Thambi Ramaiah as Ezhukinaru Ezhumazhai
Rajendran as Jonty Rhodes
Yogi Babu as Jithesh
Aadukalam Naren as Boxer Rajendran
R. N. R. Manohar as Maavattam Thamizhazhagan
Charandeep as Kulla Ponnu Kumar
Sonia Bose Venkat as Rajendran's wife
Kanna Ravi as Sura Murugan
Production
In August 2015, Bobby Simha signed on to appear in a venture titled Veera directed by debutant Rajaraman and produced by Elred Kumar of RS Infotainment. The production house signed them on for three films, with Ko 2 (2016) and Kavalai Vendam (2016) also announced to be in production during the same period. The film was titled after producer Panchu Arunachalam allowed them to use the title that they had previously owned after making the 1994 film of the same name. Rookie actor Iswarya Menon was signed on to play the leading female role, while Bala Saravanan was selected to play a major supporting role. Subsequently, in November 2015, Bobby Simha opted out of the film citing scheduling issues and was replaced by Vishnu in the lead role. During the same month, Karunakaran was also selected to replace Bala Saravanan, while Leon James was signed as the music composer after the producers were impressed with their work in Ko 2.
Vishnu also later opted out from the film and was replaced by Krishna, with production beginning quietly in mid-2016. By September 2016, the team had completed the majority of the shoot and the producers released the first look poster during the same month. Cinematographer Kumaran revealed that "seventy per cent" of the film was completed in the first schedule, before the second schedule began in September 2016. The film marked actor Iswarya's first big role in Tamil films, and in the film, they portrayed an Ooty-born girl, who moves to Chennai. For the role, they had to juggle speaking in normal Tamil and with a north Madras slang.
The team initially planned to release the film for January 2017, but production continued beyond the date. The film was sold to Orange Creations in a distribution deal in early September 2017, with a release date planned for later in the month, but the date was later skipped. Another two proposed release dates in December 2017 were postponed at the last minute, after the distributors, Orange Creations failed to get enough screens for a wide theatrical release.
Soundtrack
The film's music was composed by Leon James, in their fourth film venture following Kanchana 2 (2015), Ko 2 (2016) and Kavalai Vendam (2016). The soundtrack was released on 23 March 2017 through Sony Music India.
References
External links
2018 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian action thriller films
Indian gangster films
2018 action thriller films
José Félix Evaristo de Uriburu y Álvarez de Arenales (November 19, 1831 – October 23, 1914) was President of Argentina from 23 January 1895 to 12 October 1898.
They were an adept diplomat; participating as arbiter on the peace negotiations on the War of the Pacific between Chile, Perú and Bolivia.
They were Vice-President and became President of Argentina in 1895 when Luis Sáenz Peña resigned.
Their son was José Evaristo Uriburu y Tezanos Pinto (1880–1956), Argentinian Ambassador in London in the 1920s, and father of Clarita de Uriburu, Cecil Beaton's model.
Work in office as president
Reformed the National Constitution in 1898.
Created the National Lottery (Lotería Nacional de Beneficencia).
Created the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes Buenos Aires.
Created the Otto Krause Technical School.
Other offices held
Federal Judge, Salta (1872–1874)
National Deputy (lower house of Congress)
House President (1876–1877)
Justice Minister under Bartolomé Mitre for a short time (1867).
Senator for the City of Buenos Aires (1901–1910)
References
Uriburu, José Evaristo
Uriburu, José Evaristo
People from Salta Province
Argentine people of Basque descent
Ambassadors of Argentina to Chile
Uriburu, José Evaristo
Uriburu, José Evaristo
Uriburu, José Evaristo
National Autonomist Party politicians
Burials at La Recoleta Cemetery
Presidents of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Members of the Argentine Senate for Salta
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Salta
Ministers of Justice of Argentina
Patrician families of Buenos Aires
Antoine Xavier Adams (born 31 August 1988) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis sprinter who specialises in the 200 metres.
Adams helped win a bronze medal as a part of the 4 × 100 m relay team at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, South Korea.
Born 31 August 1988, in Cayon Antoine Adams excelled in Track & Field in their early years leading up to high school. Upon graduating from Cayon High School they attended The Clarence Fitzroy Bryant College but left after a couple months. Antoine decided to further their track career and registered for community college in Houston and later met their coach Eric Francis. In 2013 at the CAC Championships in Morelia, Adams broke the 200 National Record of St. Kitts and Nevis, bringing it down to 20.13s.
Personal bests
International competitions
1: Disqualified in the semifinal.
References
External links
Tilastopaja biography
1988 births
Living people
Saint Kitts and Nevis male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Saint Kitts and Nevis
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Saint Kitts and Nevis
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Commonwealth Games competitors for Saint Kitts and Nevis
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Saint Kitts and Nevis
World Athletics Championships medalists
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
"Finale" is the series finale of the American sitcom Modern Family. It aired in two parts, both on April 8, 2020 on ABC. The first part was written by Steven Levitan, Abraham Higginbotham, Jon Pollack, Ryan Walls, Jeffrey Richman, Morgan Murphy, and Stephen Lloyd, and directed by Steven Levitan. The second part was written by Christopher Lloyd, Jack Burditt, Elaine Ko, Danny Zuker, Vali Chandrasekaran, Brad Walsh, and Paul Corrigan, and directed by Gail Mancuso.
Plot
Part One
With Haley (Sarah Hyland), Dylan (Reid Ewing) and the twins still living at the Dunphys', Alex (Ariel Winter) having moved back in after quitting their job, and Luke (Nolan Gould) still there after not going to college, the house is overstuffed. Claire (Julie Bowen) and Phil (Ty Burrell), uneasy with the number of people now living in the Dunphy household, have moved into Phil's recently deceased father Frank's (Fred Willard) RV parked in the driveway. After they are caught out, they host an intervention with Haley, Alex, Luke and Dylan, stating that someone needs to move out as the house is too crowded. The kids are offended, but even as Luke pleads to Phil's emotional side using their close friendship as a pawn, Claire asserts their position. They tell them they have 24 hours to decide, and leave for Mitch and Cam's housewarming party.
Mitch (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) and Cam (Eric Stonestreet), now settled into their new house with their new baby Rexford, are hosting a housewarming party. Ronaldo (Christian Barillas) arrives to set up, but as Mitch shows them around, Cam receives a call, informing them that the coaching job they were rejected for in Missouri is now open again, giving them a dilemma. They tell Ronaldo that they are not taking it, as Mitch is too happy in their new house, and says they will keep it to himself. However, Ronaldo spills the secret and Mitch finds out. Mitch firstly reacts positively in front of everyone, but then they walk away and swears to Claire about the situation.
Gloria (Sofía Vergara) is preparing to say goodbye to Manny (Rico Rodriguez) as they are leaving to travel the world, and they and Joe (Jeremy Maguire) go to Colombia for the summer. Jay (Ed O'Neill) has bought a hideous housewarming gift for Mitch and Cam and organized Joe's haircut, leaving Gloria feeling left out and not needed. As Manny prepares to leave, they feel they are not the go-to person in the house that they once are now that they work as a realtor. As they arrive at Mitch and Cam's party, they say they hate the gift and misses Joe's old hair.
Phil and Claire return from the party emotional that Mitchell will probably be leaving for Missouri and decide they no longer want to sleep in the RV. They agree that they love their crazy household and will tell the kids they can stay. However, when they enter the house, Haley and Dylan inform them they have found a place to live, which is cheap because they know the owner. Next, Alex, who earlier met with their new co-worker Arvin (Chris Geere) and shared a kiss, tells them that they are moving to Switzerland together for work. Then, Luke arrives, telling Phil and Claire that they have been accepted to the University of Oregon and will also be moving out. Upset at this news, Claire emotionally says ‘I'm going to miss this' to Phil, to which they reply, ‘Me too'.
Later, in the karaoke room, Cam apologizes and Mitch says that they will leave for Missouri, and they inform Lily (Aubrey Anderson-Emmons) before singing a duet of "Endless Love" by Diana Ross and Lionel Richie.
Gloria confesses to Jay that they feel guilty about working and like they are no longer needed, to which Jay tells them they should not because they never did, and that they will always be needed by him, Joe and Manny.  They are comforted by this.
The next day, the family gather to send Mitchell and Cam off, with Jay saying they are upset as ‘both [his] sons are leaving'. As the family hug goodbye, they are informed that Mitch and Cam's flight is delayed. Dylan then arrives at the door.  They are excited because they think the family remembered their birthday. Unenthusiastically, the family says "Surprise!"
Part Two
As Mitch and Cam's flight is delayed further, the family agree to meet later to say a proper goodbye. During this waiting period, Mitchell and Claire retrieve their old skating trophy and share a sibling moment, dancing to Hungry Like the Wolf, their skating song. Also, Phil misunderstands Jay as Jay attempts to learn Spanish, and as Jay asks for a spoon, Phil attempts to spoon them and they share one last embarrassing moment. Gloria and Cam share an emotional goodbye as they recite a poem to her, which they are not as upset by as they expected. Alex and Haley play one final prank on Luke, then share a heartwarming moment where they agree to always be there for each other as siblings. Joe humorously prepares Manny for their travels. Jay informs Gloria they are coming with them to Colombia and is learning Spanish. Luke and Manny share a final cousin/uncle love moment. Claire and Phil get emotional about the kids leaving and Phil tells them that they have to ‘leave the porch light on' to ensure that they will always come back. They agree they will go on an RV road trip now that the kids have gone.
The family gather to finally say goodbye. They take a group selfie, hug, and then cannot let go. Phil tries to set an example and be the first to pull away, but immediately rushes back, claiming ‘It was awful'. The family cries as Haley explains how it is Mitch and Cam now, but eventually everyone will be separated. Jay says it is hard to say goodbye as ‘not everyone gets to have what [they] have'.
As Jay's speech plays over the end of the episode, it is shown that Haley and Dylan have moved into Mitch and Cam's old apartment. A montage is then played of mirrored images and references to the first episode, with Mitch and Cam on the plane eating cream puffs with their kids, Phil and Claire working on the calendar for their RV trip like they did to ‘shoot Luke' in the pilot, and Jay and Gloria watching Joe play football like they did Manny, but this time neither of them can get out of their chairs to stand up. As Jay's speech ends the episode, saying that the comfort of your family is important and that ‘that's what helps [him] sleep at night', the lights turn off in each respective house, but at the Dunphys', the porch light is left on, signifying the family will always return.
In the ending credits, emotional music is heard as the camera pans through various photos of the 3 different families over the years. In the final shot, the camera focuses on the family portrait from the season one finale of all three families laughing together.
Production
Development
The episode's titles were first announced on Instagram by Eric Stonestreet and Justin Mikita.
Casting
On March 26, 2020, it was confirmed that Elizabeth Banks would return as Sal and that Chris Geere would return as Arvin. It was also confirmed that Christian Barillas, Matthew Risch, Rory O'Malley, Rodrigo Rojas, and Charlie Trainer would appear as Ronaldo, Jotham, Ptolemy, Stefan, and Charlie, respectively.
Critical reception
Many articles were published at the time of the show's ending citing it as the final version of the typical American sitcom of the 1980s to 2010s period, such as Cheers, Friends, and The Office. The Telegraph posted an article saying, "This isn't just the end of Modern Family – it's the end of the sitcom as we know it."
Ratings
The episode was watched live by 7.37 million viewers.
Reviews
The reviews for the episode were generally positive. Diane Gordon of TV Guide was extremely positive, stating that "Like most of its best episodes, the Modern Family Finale felt like a warm hug". They went on to say that "The genius of Modern Family is that it ended as it began: with the families growing and changing, while maintaining their close bonds and sense of humor. The show that felt like a warm hug each week closed out their run with a well-crafted episode that didn't feel like a permanent goodbye, but instead like a 'see ya later.' One can't help but think about where these families will be in five years. Let's hope we'll get to find out - it's sad to think this is the last time we'll see these lovable characters."
IndieWire gave the finale a C+, stating "What the Modern Family finale ultimately proves is what we've all known for years: The show should've ended years ago, when it was better equipped to tie together all these subplots, characters, and themes. Now, we're left with an ending that doesn't really want to be an ending. Maybe that's enough (for) the casual family audience, but I have to believe modern viewers demand more."
The episode received a B+ grade from Kyle Fowle of The A.V. Club, who stated "there's something that's satisfying in just how low-key it is. The finale doesn't necessarily shoot for outsized emotions. Instead, it makes things personal. It's a finale that suits Modern Family as it is in 2020; a show that's settled into old age... This is a finale that's both tidy and unfinished, and that feels just right".
References
Modern Family episodes
American television series finales
2020 American television episodes
La Grande Plée Bleue is a peat bog located in Lévis in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada. With an area of , it is one of the largest wetlands in all of eastern Quebec.
Geography
This wetland is made up of a network of more than 650 ponds. Located north of the plée de Beauharnois and northeast of plée de Saint-Charles, it is the main source of the Couture River.
Ecology
There are 150 plant species including carnivorous plants which are rare in Quebec. This ecological niches are home to 80 species of birds, including several species of waterfowl.
Toponymy
The plée form is possibly a phonetic variant of the feminine term prée, in the sense of prairie. Indeed, the hesitation between r and l which dates back to the 16th and 17th centuries is widely attested in documents from New France. The blue color probably alludes to the presence of blueberry fields.
See also
Ecological reserves of Quebec
Notes and references
External links
Report from Radio-Canada
Protected areas of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bogs of Canada
Shandon Rodriguez Anderson (born December 31, 1973) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1996 to 2006. Growing up in Atlanta, Anderson attended the University of Georgia and played for four teams during their ten-year NBA career after being drafted by the Utah Jazz in 1996: the Jazz, Houston Rockets, New York Knicks, and Miami Heat. They played the shooting guard and small forward positions.
Anderson attended Alonzo A. Crim High School in Atlanta, then played basketball at the University of Georgia. They were drafted in the second round (54th overall) of the 1996 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz, and played for the Jazz, the Houston Rockets, the New York Knicks and the Heat. Their best season was in 1999–2000, when they averaged 12.3 points per game with the Rockets. Their career average is 7.8 points per game.
 They are the younger brother of former Knicks and Heat player Willie Anderson.
Anderson won an NBA championship in 2006 with the Miami Heat as a backup, and subsequently retired.
External links
Basketball-Reference.com: Shandon Anderson
ESPN.com: Shandon Anderson
NBA.com Profile: Shandon Anderson
References
1973 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Atlanta
Georgia Bulldogs basketball players
Houston Rockets players
Miami Heat players
New York Knicks players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Utah Jazz draft picks
Utah Jazz players
The TEDxSanta Cruz is an independent TEDx event founded in 2011 by David Warren, a retired Cabrillo College Professor. This initiative is independently organized by a group of entrepreneurs, artists, philanthropists, and educators called the TEDxSanta Cruz Leadership Team. The curator and organizers of these past events have been led by Nada Miljkovic and Irene Tsouprake according to TED
Past Events
2011 "Engage"
2015 "Radical Collaboration"
2019 "The Art of Hope"
References
External links
TEdxSantaCruz
Santa Cruz, California
Santa Cruz
In this list, roads names are used in different areas and the features of the roads varies. So this table address the differences in that usage when needed.
Notes
Access type
Interchange - access limited to grade-separated interchanges
Junction (roundabout) - access limited to major roads via a roundabout
Partial - Limited access
Uncontrolled - no control of access
Speed
Any - Used in all types of applications
Low - Low-speed
High - High-Speed
Cross traffic
Yes- cross traffic allowed at-grade without a traffic light
Intersections - at-grade with a traffic signal
No - no cross traffic
Divided
Yes
No
Some - some sections may be divided
References
Urban studies and planning terminology
Types
Roads
Kay Gregory is a journalist and former presenter at Television New Zealand (TVNZ). They previously hosted the Breakfast show with Paul Henry.
Career
Gregory began their television career in 1994, when they became a newsreader and current affairs host for the regional channel, Coast to Coast, in their home city of Hamilton. They started at TVNZ in 1996, and was a reporter for the Breakfast programme when it first went to air in 1997. They then became a reporter for ONE News, and their stint there included some overseas work in the Solomon Islands and Fiji. From 2002 to 2004, Gregory was a full-time weather presenter for TV One. Then on 17 January 2005, they replaced Alison Mau as the co-host of Breakfast.
After leaving Breakfast (on 3 August 2007), Gregory moved into local body politics and was elected as a councillor for Hamilton West. Gregory was the highest-polling councillor, with 11,808 votes. They did not stand again in the 2010 election.
In addition to their work at TVNZ, Gregory is a marriage and funeral celebrant, and a member of International Training and Communication.
See also
List of New Zealand television personalities
References
Biography of Kay Gregory on the TVNZ website
Confirms intention to stand for city councilor
New Zealand television presenters
New Zealand women television presenters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Newstalk ZB
Ned McCobb's Daughter is a 1928 American drama film directed by William J. Cowen and starring Irene Rich, Theodore Roberts, and Robert Armstrong. It was also released in a silent version.
Cast
Irene Rich as Carol
Theodore Roberts as Ned McCobb
Robert Armstrong as Babe Callahan
George Barraud as George Callahan
Edward Hearn as Butterworth
Carole Lombard as Jennie
Louis Natheaux as Kelly
Carmencita Johnson as Little Girl
Billy Naylor as Little Boy
References
Bibliography
Wes D. Gehring. Carole Lombard, the Hoosier Tornado. Indiana Historical Society Press, 2003.
External links
1928 films
American silent feature films
1920s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Pathé Exchange films
1928 drama films
Silent American drama films
Films directed by William J. Cowen
1920s American films
Mariano Hood and Sebastián Prieto were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Hood with Lucas Arnold and Prieto with Martín García.
García and Prieto lost in the first round to Juan Ignacio Chela and Nicolás Massú.
Arnold and Hood won in the final 7–5, 6–7(2–7), 6–4 against Federico Browne and Diego Veronelli.
Seeds
Lucas Arnold / Mariano Hood (champions)
František Čermák / Leoš Friedl (semifinals)
Simon Aspelin / Massimo Bertolini (first round)
Martín García / Sebastián Prieto (first round)
Draw
References
ATP Buenos Aires Main Draw
ATP Buenos Aires
2004 ATP Tour
ATP
Presidential elections were held in Georgia on 28 October 2018. The pre-election campaign was marred by a polarized political environment and a series of secret tape recordings aired by the pro-opposition Rustavi 2 TV, leading to allegations of kidnappings and torture by investigators to secure convictions, pressure and coercion on businesses and media, high-level corruption, and selective justice. International observers assessed the elections as competitive and free, stressing that "one side enjoyed an undue advantage and the negative character of the campaign on both sides undermined the process", while the misuse of administrative resources "blurred the line between party and state." However, Transparency International, based on information from a state agency employee, alleged that state agencies were publishing fake identity cards to allow Zourabichvili supporters to cast multiple ballots in the election. According to the plan, five fake IDs were published per individual, and "trustworthy" officials of agencies were vested with the duty of conducting such action.
A second round involving Salome Zourabichvili and Grigol Vashadze was held on 28 November 2018 because no candidate was able to secure at least 50% of the vote in the first round. Salome Zourabichvili won with around 60% of the vote in the second round and took office on 16 December 2018.
Following amendments to the constitution in 2017, the 2018 elections were the last direct presidential vote; after 2018 presidents will be elected by the 300-member College of Electors. In view of these changes, the President will be elected for a term of six years in 2018.
Candidates
46 people applied to participate in the elections, 21 of which were rejected by the Election Administration of Georgia. 25 presidential candidates were registered by the Election Administration of Georgia. This is the largest number since Georgia's first presidential election in 1991. All 25 candidates were included on the ballot paper.
Withdrawn
Democratic Movement
Nino Burjanadze, Georgian politician and lawyer who served as Chairman of Parliament of Georgia (2001-2008). They have served as the acting President of Georgia twice. They backed out of the election on 8 September.
Declined
Independent
Giorgi Margvelashvili, incumbent President, officially refused to take part in the election in late August.
Opinion polls
Second round
Approval ratings
Results
Reactions
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe stated that the elections were "competitive and professionally administered," but noted concerned about a "substantial imbalance in donations", "excessively high spending limits", and a "lack of analytical reporting" as contributing factors to creating an unlevel playing field.
On 29 November, the second day after the run-off results were released, the United National Movement leader-in-exile Mikheil Saakashvili encouraged supporters not to accept the election results and to hold demonstrations against the newly elected president. They also called for civil disobedience toward the police and armed forces.
References
Presidential election
Georgia
Georgia
October 2018 events in Europe
Presidential elections in Georgia (country)
Line 1 of Kunming Metro () is a rapid transit line connecting Chenggong District with Kunming's urban center. The line is long with 22 stations (excluding Line 2) with as the northern terminal, and as the southern terminal of the main line, and as the southern terminal of the branch line. The line started operation on 20 May 2013. Line 1's color is red. Currently, through service is provided between Line 2 and this line, meaning passengers from/to Line 2 do not need to transfer at South Ring Road station. Nevertheless, once Line 1 Northwestern extension and Line 2 Phase 2 are completed, this line will be separated from Line 2, and South Ring Road station will become an interchange station.
Hours of operation
Since 2013, the operation hours for line 1, from 6:00 AM to 12:00 midnight daily with an 8 minutes interval frequency.
Line 1/2 trains travels at speeds of up to . On the initial operation one-way trip will take approximately 34 minutes.
Opening timeline
Stations
References
01
Railway lines opened in 2013
2013 establishments in China
Space Shuttle America (also known as Space Shuttle America - The Next Century) was a motion simulator ride at the Six Flags Great America theme park in Gurnee, Illinois, that opened in 1994. The ride's main feature was a full-scale replica of an American Space Shuttle orbiter. It closed permanently after the 2007 season and was removed on December 5, 2009.
Storyline
The storyline of the ride was that riders have boarded a new Space Shuttle called America, which is capable of transporting passengers to the fictional Armstrong City using the LRVM (Lunar Run Velocity Management) Warp. Armstrong City is located a short distance from the site of the first manned moon landing.
Guests entered a building that has a small replica of Launch Control at Cape Canaveral. Several TV screens display fake NASA TV recordings about the shuttle and security cam views of the fictional facility that attendees are supposedly touring. Shortly before boarding, there is a notice about a large meteor that is approaching Earth.
In the movie, the shuttle takes off horizontally and the Pas-Com (Passenger Compartment) rises out of the cargo bay so riders can do some orbital sightseeing. The shuttle passes Space Shuttle Destiny, which is doing some cleanup work around the atmosphere. Next the shuttle passes an HBO satellite and Space Station Freedom. The shuttle enters LRVM warp and exits a short distance from the moon. The shuttle then flies over the Sea of Tranquility and Armstrong City. Shortly before landing at Armstrong, an alert is sent to the shuttle crew ordering them to investigate a meteor danger in the area. The shuttle, not even getting a chance to land, takes off again towards an asteroid belt. America is then hit by an asteroid and is now fighting to survive in the asteroid field. America begins blasting asteroids with its 'particle beam' (laser). The shuttle then spots the meteor and is alerted it is heading on a direct course to Earth. Unable to destroy it from a distance, the shuttle flies through a canyon and a cave and destroys it from the inside. The shuttle, now crippled, heads immediately back towards the LRVM and warps back to Earth. As the shuttle prepares for re-entry, the hydraulics for the Pas-Com malfunction, preventing it from being retracted, but the fault is corrected just in time. The shuttle lands and the ride ends. The script was written by Tim Prokop, who also wrote the scripts for the preshow and post show.
The fictional events take place in 2094.
The movie was shown for a short while at Six Flags Over Texas, and was made by DreamQuest Images.
Shuttle
Outside the building that houses the queue and the ride itself is a fiberglass mock-up of a Space Shuttle orbiter that has authentic "tiles" used in actual space shuttle orbiters. The shuttle was built to the exact scale of the real STS craft, but is neither an official NASA shuttle nor capable of spaceflight.
Other movies
The building that shows Space Shuttle America also showed:
Escape from Dino Island in 3D (1999–2001)
Stargate SG-3000 (2004–2005)
Superstition (Playing during Fright Fest in 2001, 2003, 2005, 2006, and 2007 and maybe before 2001)
Removal
High operating costs and dwindling popularity doomed Space Shuttle America after a thirteen year run. Its final operating season was 2007. For the following time period when the ride was closed, the interior was used as a temporary office/storage by employees. The shuttle and building were finally removed in December 2009. After plans to build a roller coaster on the site were canceled, the park expanded Hurricane Harbor into the area for the 2011 season.
References
Fiction set in the 2090s
Simulator rides
America, Space Shuttle
Six Flags Great America
Space in amusement parks
America, Space Shuttle
AfrikaBurn is an official Burning Man regional event, held at Quaggafontein ( "fountain of Quagga") in the Tankwa Karoo, in the Western Cape Province of South Africa. It is centred on the building of a temporary creative community in a semi-desert environment, involving ephemeral artworks, some of which are burnt towards the end of the event. Many attendees wear elaborate costumes and some create decorated "mutant vehicles".
History
Africa Burns Creative Projects (AfrikaBurn) was established in 2007 as a not-for-profit company, with the intention that it would serve as a vehicle for the creation and co-ordination of an independent South African Burning Man regional event. AfrikaBurn was originally conceived by Paul Jorgensen.
A special mention should also be made for the energy, input and inspiration of Charlie Blackcat Smith, Paul Grose, John Allesandri, Harry Logos, Simon Dunckley and Jutta Holzapfel who helped coddle the little spark into the flame that it has become.
Fino Señores que llego un mano que no habla taka taka, es un gigachad.
The company's founding members were Paul Jorgensen, Robert Weinek and Liane Visser, Mike 't Sas-Rolfes (a special mention should be made of Michael's mom whose energy and support helped create the first mini-burn at Roberts house in Somerset West) along with Richard Bowsher and Monique Schiess.
The event has been running since 2007, with all events up to 2019 held on a private farm called Stonehenge, which is adjacent to the Tankwa Karoo National Park. Late in 2019, two adjacent properties - Quaggafontein and Vaalfontein were gifted to AfrikaBurn by the Mapula Trust. Quaggafontein (as both farms are now collectively known) is located 30 km southeast of Stonehenge Private Reserve as the crow flies, below Skoorsteenberg mountain.
Much like Stonehenge, Quaggafontein is very isolated, and the property is within the Western Cape provincial boundary and features one portion characterised by a high degree of biodiversity and vulnerable flora and fauna species (which will be off-limits in order to preserve these species) and another that is characterised by degradation (which would be appropriate for the event site).
The event was originally called Afrika Burns, however owing to concerns about the name having possible negative connotations the name was changed through community consultation to AfrikaBurn, from something that happens ('burns') to Africa, to something that happens (a 'burn') in Africa.
In 2010 the dates of the annual event were moved to earlier in the year, as autumn weather is better suited to the event, and it is currently possible for a public holiday (or in some years two public holidays) to be included within the week during which the event runs. It also means that it is not so close to Burning Man, to allow for more international participants.
Each event mobilises around a theme, which is intended as a point of possible connection, or inspiration. The theme is not imposed on artworks, projects or gifts.
The current Executive Director of the organisation is Lorraine Tanner. The Non Executive Directors are: Ralph Borland, Malilimalo Phaswana, Rianna Postma, Roger Van Wyk, Lungile Zakwe and Nic Raubenheimer.
San Clan
By analogy to the Man at Burning Man, the main sculpture at the event is called the San Clan. It is designed to look like a San rock art glyph of a group of people. The intention is to convey the idea of unity and community at the event. Like some sculptures at the event, it is burnt. The burn used to take place on the Saturday night, but is now scheduled for Friday nights in order to accommodate weather delays and provide participants from far afield with more time to return home from the event. The original signifier, that of the much headed dancing clan spirit was first championed by Liane Visser.
Culture
As a regional Burning Man event, AfrikaBurn adheres to the ten principles of Burning Man and added another in 2014. Among these guiding principles are the Leave No Trace philosophy, radical self-expression and self-reliance, and communal effort. The 11th principle, 'Each One Teach One', was added to encourage the sharing of knowledge throughout the community, in order to ensure the uptake of culture matches the growth in numbers. Money is not allowed on the camping site of the event since nothing is for sale, if people need something they either trade it with something else or simply ask for it and thereby employing a gift economy.
In April 2019, the content of the Radical Inclusion principle was modified to "address [...] systemic injustice". An "inclusivity guide" was added with information on "racism, micro-aggressions, white privilege and fragility".
Pets are not allowed at the event. This is due to concerns for the safety of both the animals (loud noises and an inhospitable environment), and the participants. In addition, fireworks, flares and fire lanterns are not permitted.
Theme camps are one of the key components of vibrant regional Burning Man events. Theme camps are established by participants to enhance the experience for all participants.
Major theme camps from the last few years include "Alienz Coffee Shop", "BeDazzled", "Birthday Suits", "Burning Mail", "Camp Anvil", "Camp High Tea", "Camp Skaduwee", "Desert Magic", "Flow Arts Commune", "Fractal Chill Ethiopian Coffee House", "Love All Tennis", "Magical Mystery Mob", "New Beginnings", "Camp Now!", "Rust 'n Dust", "Smokescreen", "Space Cowboys", "State of Bliss", "Sunset Oasis", "The Emperor's New Theme Camp", "The Friend Zone", "The Grease Monkeys", "The Pancake People", "The Purple Spanking Booth", "The Steampunk Saloon", "The Tankwa Town Library", "The Theatre of Playful Banter", "The Vuvustasie", "The Wild Ass Saloon" and "WeR1 Soulstice". Each year, the number of Theme Camps grows in line with the increase in numbers.
"MOOP", or Matter Out Of Place, is the term for litter. Reducing and removing MOOP is part of the Leave No Trace philosophy.
AfrikaBurn also has its own community radio station, Radio Free Tankwa that originated from a theme camp (Radio ARRR). That broadcasts throughout the year online.
Notes
References
External links
AfrikaBurn Website
Burning Man
Arts festivals in South Africa
Clothing-optional events
2007 establishments in South Africa
Recurring events established in 2007
Some Wilderness was originally released on Kanine Records in April 2004. It has since been made available by Sub Pop.
Track listing
"Land!" - 4:45
"1991 Kids" - 3:42
"The Money You Have Is Maybe Too Little" - 3:33
"Cumberland Gap" - 4:24
"Melting the Ice Queen" - 6:34
"Totally Gay, Totally Fat" - 4:38
"Back in Com Again" - 2:30
"For Buds, Not Boston" - 4:23
"General Hospital" - 4:42
"The Tribal Rites of the New Saturday Night" - 6:31
References
[ Allmusic album page]
Oxford Collapse official website
Sub Pop album page
Kanine Records artist page
Oxford Collapse albums
2004 albums
Kanine Records albums
Pickering House is an historic house in the town of Wolfeboro, New Hampshire. It is located on South Main Street (New Hampshire Route 109) in the town center. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2019. Pickering House is located approximately east of Brewster Memorial Hall, which is also listed on the NRHP.
The main house and a barn date to 1813; ells were added circa 1843 and 1870. The house was built by Daniel Pickering, who owned multiple businesses in Wolfeboro and was the town's first postmaster.
In 2016, after the property had fallen into disrepair, it was sold to new owners. They made significant improvements to the property, turning it into a boutique hotel, which opened in 2018.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, New Hampshire
References
External links
Pickering House Inn
Wolfeboro residents rescue 19th century Pickering House at WCVB-TV (video)
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses in Carroll County, New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1813
National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, New Hampshire
Wolfeboro, New Hampshire
Science City () is a station on Line 1 of the Chengdu Metro in China. It is the southern terminus of Line 1.
Station layout
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Sichuan
Railway stations in China opened in 2018
Chengdu Metro stations
Eleanor of Portugal (1328 – 30 October 1348), was a Portuguese infanta by birth and Queen of Aragon from 1347 to 1348 as the second wife of King Peter IV.
The youngest daughter of King Afonso IV of Portugal and Beatrice of Castile, Leonor was the granddaughter of King Denis and Elizabeth of Aragon and of Sancho IV of Castile and Maria de Molina and sister of King Peter I of Portugal.
Biography
Little is known about their childhood.  They are first mentioned when they were 18 years old when two kings vied for their hand in order to secure the support of Portugal: Alfonso XI of Castile who wanted them for their nephew Ferdinand of Aragon, and Peter IV of Aragon whom they finally married on 14 or 15 November 1347 in Barcelona, in the same year as the death of the king's first wife, Maria of Navarre. Eleanor was the first and only queen of Aragon who was born in Portugal.
They died on 29 October 1348, a year after their wedding, succumbing to the Black Death in Teruel while traveling to Jérica. Even though some authors assert that they had a daughter named Beatrice who died as an infant and was raised by their maternal grandmother, including Jerónimo de Zurita and Rui de Pina, there was no issue from the marriage of the Portuguese infanta and the king of Aragon. They do not mention this child in their will who was mentioned in the two wills of their grandmother Queen Beatrice in 1357 and 1358 in which queen asked that the remains of the infant Beatrice, probably an illegitimate child of King Peter I of Portugal, originally buried at the Convent of Saint Francis in Santarém, were to be placed at their tomb.
Queen Eleanor of Portugal was first buried in Jérica and in June 1350 their remains were transferred and buried in the Royal Pantheon of the Monastery of Poblet, as they had expressed in their will executed in September 1348.
Ancestors
References
Bibliography
|-
1328 births
1348 deaths
14th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Portuguese infantas
Eleanor
Aragonese queen consorts
Countesses of Barcelona
Majorcan queens consort
14th-century Portuguese people
14th-century Spanish women
Burials at the Poblet Monastery
is a Japanese castle located in Kasama, central Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. At the end of the Edo period, Kasama Castle was home to a junior branch of Makino clan, daimyō of Kasama Domain, but castle and domain went through many changes in clans during the early Edo period.
History
In 1205, a retainer of Utsunomiya Yoritsuna, Shioya Tomonari, moved to this area and changed their name to “Kasama”. The original Kasama Castle was completed in 1235, but little is known of the Kasama clan during the Kamakura period and subsequent Muromachi period. However, in 1591, Kasama Tsunaie refused the summons of their overlord, the Utsunomiya, to join their forces against the Later Hōjō clan at the Battle of Odawara and was dispossessed of their castle. A retainer of the Utsunomiya, Tamanyu Katsumasa initially replaced the Kasama, but in 1598 the castle was taken by Gamo Satonari as part of a 30,000 koku domain. They made many modifications to modernize its layout. Following the Battle of Sekigahara, Tokugawa Ieyasu assigned the castle to Matsudaira Yasushige in 1601.
As the headquarters of Kasama Domain under the Tokugawa shogunate, the castle was passed to the Ogasawara clan, Toda-Matsudaira clan, Nagai clan, Asano clan, Inoue clan, Honjo clan, Inoue clan (again), before coming into the hands of the Makino clan in 1747, who subsequently remained in residence at Kasama until the Meiji Restoration.
The castle
Kasama Castle is rare among the Sengoku Period mountaintop castles because it lasted through the Edo Period without being abandoned, moved or entirely rebuilt. The castle consisted of Main and donjon enclosure on the two adjacent peaks of Mount Sashiro, and with the Second and Third enclosure at the foot of the mountain. The extensive use of stonework is also unusual for the Kantō region
Little remains of the castle today except for some stonework, one reconstructed yagura turret & two reconstructed gates.
Literature
External links
Kasama Castle Jcastle Profile
Japanese Castle Explorer
Castles in Ibaraki Prefecture
Hitachi Province
Kasama, Ibaraki
Pieter Fransz de Grebber (c.1600–1652/3) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Life
De Grebber was born in Haarlem, the oldest son of Frans Pietersz de Grebber (1573–1643), a painter and embroiderer in Haarlem, and the brother of the painters Maria and Albert. They learned to paint from their father and from Hendrick Goltzius. They were descended from a Catholic and artistic family, the De Grebbers, originally from Waterland, and their sister Maria later became the mother-in-law of Gabriel Metsu. They were a friend of the priest and musicologist Jan Albertszoon Ban, and had a poem set to music by the Haarlem composer Cornelis Padbrué. In 1632 they became a member of the Haarlem Guild of St. Luke, but they had already been active as a painter for 10 years. Their pupils were Gerbrand Ban, Nicolaes Pietersz Berchem, Egbert van Heemskerck, and Dirck Helmbreeker.
In 1618, father and son went to Antwerp and negotiated with Peter Paul Rubens over the sale of their painting Daniel in the Lions Pit. It was then handed - via the English ambassador in the Republic, Sir Dudley Carleton - to king Charles I. Pieter got important commissions not only in Haarlem, but also from the stadholder Frederik Hendrik. As such, they worked on the decoration of the Huis Honselaarsdijk in Naaldwijk and at the Paleis Noordeinde in Huis ten Bosch in the Hague. They painted altar pieces for churches in Flanders and hidden Catholic churches in the Republic. They may also have worked for Danish clients.
Pieter remained single and lived from 1634 until their death at the Haarlem Béguinage.
Work
Besides history paintings, Pieter de Grebber also painted a number of portraits; furthermore many drawings and a few etchings by them have survived. From different influences, such as the Utrecht Caravaggistism, Rubens and also Rembrandt, they came up with a very personal style. They are, together with Salomon de Bray, the forerunner and first peak of the "Haarlem classicism" school, producing paintings characterized by a well-organized clarity and light tints.
In 1649, De Grebber wrote the treatise "Regulen welcke by een goet Schilder en Teyckenaar geobserveert en achtervolght moeten werden" (Rules which a good Painter and Master of Drawing should observe). In this document they explain the most important eleven rules which they believe classicist painters should be careful to observe. Although the Classicists did not swear by such rules, these were nevertheless always tightly observed. Almost all of these rules are taken from Karel van Mander's own Mannerist Schilder-boeck, in which history painting was presented as the highest of the hierarchy of genres.
References
Bijlage Vrij Nederland, September 1999 (Available free of charge in museum Boijmans Van Beuningen during the exhibition "Dutch Classicism - the other face of the Golden Century").
External links
Works at WGA
Biography at lib-art.com
Works and literature at PubHist
Vermeer and The Delft School, a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which has material on Pieter de Grebber
1600s births
1652 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Haarlem
Painters from Haarlem
History painters
Mariann is a female given name derived from Maria, similar to Marianne, Mariana and Marian. It may refer to:
Mariann Aalda (born 1948), American actor
Mariann Ambrus (1956–2007), Hungarian rower
Mariann Bienz, British molecular biologist
Mariann Birkedal (born 1987), Norwegian beauty queen
Mariann Budde (born 1959), American bishop
Mariann Byerwalter, American business person
Mariann Domonkos, Canadian table tennis player
Mariann Fischer Boel (born 1943), Danish politician
Mariann Gajhede Knudsen (born 1984), Danish footballer
Mariann Horváth (born 1968), Hungarian épée fencer
Mariann Jelinek (born 1942), American organizational theorist
Mariann Mayberry, American actor
Mariann Stratton (born 1945), Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps
Mariann Thomassen, Norwegian singer
See also
Mariann Grammofon, record label
Feminine given names
The Presidential Initiative for Artificial Intelligence and Computing (PIAIC) was launched by the President of Pakistan, Dr. Arif Alvi, to promote education, research and business opportunities in Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Internet of Things, and Cloud Native Computing. The initiative comes in a bid to enable Pakistan in making an imprint on the world's path towards the Fourth Industrial Revolution. It aims to transform the fields of education, research, and business in Pakistan. President Dr. Arif Alvi had launched PIAIC to reshape Pakistan by revolutionising education, research and businesses through introducing the latest cutting-edge technologies.
Available Programs
PIAIC is currently offering following of the high-end technologies:
Artificial Intelligence
Cloud Native and Mobile Web Computing
Blockchain
Internet of Things(IoT)
Distance Learning Education
PIAIC offers programs for distance learning as well as on-site learning, allowing students from across Pakistan to enroll online. However, students need to be present for exams onsite in order to enroll into the program and for examinations throughout the course of study The program has an initial target to enroll as many as 100,000 students within a year. After a successful launch in Karachi with 12,000 students enrolling, PIAIC have started registering students in other major cities like Islamabad and Faisalabad and soon plan on offering programs in Lahore, Quetta, and Peshawar.
This initiative is a privately funded not-for-profit educational program that has partnership with non-profit and for-profit organizations like Panacloud, Saylani Welfare International Trust, and Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX)
References
Education in Pakistan
The 14th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on May 31, 1938. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 12-year-old Marian Richardson, who attended a one-room schoolhouse in Floyd County, Indiana, correctly spelling the word sanitarium. Jean Pierce of Kenmore, New York placed second after failing to correctly spell pronunciation.
Winner Marian Richardson, later Byrnes, became an environmental activist in Chicago, and died on May 20, 2010.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1938 in education
1938 in Washington, D.C.
May 1938 events
Ohlstadt is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany.
Transport
The district has a railway station, , on the Munich–Garmisch-Partenkirchen railway.
Notable people
Wolfgang Zimmerer (born 1940, in Ohlstadt) retired bobsledder, competed as a driver with their brakeman Peter Utzschneider from Murnau am Staffelsee. Zimmerer took part in the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Winter Olympics an
References
External links
Official site
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
Robert Cunningham (1837–1905) was a British-Canadian lay missionary turned entrepreneur who founded the town of Port Essington, British Columbia.
They were born January 1, 1837, in Dungannon, Ireland (one source, Large, says "Tullyvally, Ireland"), to a Protestant (Anglican) family. In 1862, at the age of twenty-five, they sailed to Canada with the Anglican Church Missionary Society to work as a lay assistant to the Anglican lay missionary William Duncan at the Tsimshian community of Metlakatla, B.C.
Missionary Work
Shortly after their arrival at Metlakatla Robert Cunningham was assigned to assist the missionary R. Arthur Doolan, themselves newly arrived from England, in founding a new mission among the Nisga'a. Together with a Tsimshian interpreter named Robert Dundas they opened a mission among the villages on the lower Nass River in July 1864. When it soon came to light that Cunningham had fathered a child with a young Tsimshian student of Duncan's named Elizabeth Ryan Doolan married the couple and Cunningham's formal relationship with the Church Missionary Society was terminated.
Trader
Cunningham began working at the Hudson's Bay Company's Fort Simpson, a trading fort later known as Port Simpson and Lax Kw'alaams. They worked alongside Charles F. Morison, who eventually married Elizabeth's niece Odille Quintal (later Morison), the Tsimshian linguist. Cunningham eventually rose to the position of chief trader.
In 1870 they left the HBC and Port Simpson. Versions differ as to the circumstances of this: discontent over their salary or a trumped-up charge of rum-running imposed by Duncan (who was also the local justice of the peace), or both. Cunningham then began an entrepreneurial relationship with one Thomas Hankin (later father to the Tlingit interpreter and teacher Constance Cox. In 1871, with the onset of the Omineca Gold Rush, Cunningham and Hankin became traders at Hazelton, in Gitxsan territory, and eventually founded a depot at Woodcock's Landing downriver at the Skeena River estuary, at what later became the site of Inverness cannery.
In search of a better location, the two staked a claim for a plot of land at a site Tsimshians called Spaksuut (fall camping-place), on the territory of the Gitzaxłaał Tsimshians at the confluence of the Skeena and Ecstall rivers. In 1872 a store was built there, and the site gradually acquired a more or less permanent presence of Kitselas and Kitsumkalum Tsimshians from upriver.
By the 1890s Port Essington, as Spaksuut came to be known, was a small town, and soon it became the largest settlement in the region and its economic hub. Cunningham bought out Hankin and established salmon packing as the community's main industry. The Cunningham Cannery produced "Diamond A" brand canned salmon. Though other canneries operated in the town, Port Essington was largely considered to be "Cunningham's town."
Several members of Cunningham's family in Ireland eventually moved to Port Essington, as did Charles and Odille Morison. In 1888, Cunningham's wife Elizabeth was drowned with several others when their canoe capsized off Port Lambert near Port Essington. Of their five children, only two, George and John, survived early childhood, and John was killed at age seventeen when a trading schooner was wrecked near the Queen Charlotte Islands.
In 1893 Cunningham married again, to Flora Bicknell, formerly of Coventry, in England. They had two children, Hazel and Harold. A third, Edith, was born shortly after Robert's death, in April 1905, in Victoria, B.C., at the age of sixty-nine.  They are buried in Metlakatla.
See also
Monte Cristo (sternwheeler)
Steamboats of the Skeena River
Sources
Bowman, Phylis (1982) Klondike of the Skeena! Chilliwack, B.C.: Sunrise Printing.
Harris, E. A. (1990) Spokeshute: Skeena River Memory. Victoria, B.C.: Orca Book Publishers.
Large, R. Geddes (1957; reprinted, 1981) The Skeena: River of Destiny. Sidney, B.C.: Gray's Publishing.
External links
Biography of Odille Morison
British Anglican missionaries
Anglican missionaries in Canada
Canadian Anglicans
People from Dungannon
Tsimshian
Gitxsan
1905 deaths
1837 births
Water-purslane or water purslane is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Ludwigia palustris, native range includes North America
Lythrum portula, native to Europe and known as "water-purslane" in the British Isles
These are the official results of the men's 5000 metres event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total of 39 participating athletes, with three qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Sunday 14 August 1983.
Records
Existing records at the start of the event.
Results
Qualifying heats
The qualifying heats took place on 10 August, with the 39 athletes involved being split into 3 heats. The first 8 athletes in each heat ( Q ) and the next 6 fastest ( q ) qualified for the semifinals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Semifinals
The semifinals took place on 12 August, with the 30 athletes involved being split into 2 heats. The first 5 athletes in each heat ( Q ) and the next 5 fastest ( q ) qualified for the final.
Heat 2
Final
As in most other major international championships, also this 5,000-metre final was mostly slow and tactical. The Soviet Union's Anatoliy Krokhmaliuk led at 1,000 metres in 2:43.30. During the second kilometre, they and their teammate Dmitriy Dmitriyev alternated in the lead, with Dmitriyev clocking 5:34.15 at 2,000 metres. One lap later, Britain's Julian Goater suddenly accelerated, but over 200 metres after the start of their surge, Dmitriyev caught him. Soon thereafter, Dmitriyev again took the lead, and clocked 8:19.52 at 3,000 metres. During the fourth kilometre, Dmitriyev, Ethiopia's Wodajo Bulti, and Switzerland's Markus Ryffel took turns leading the race. With over three laps left, Krokhmaliuk dropped from the lead group. Bulti took the lead for the second and the last time just before 4,000 metres, which they passed in 11:03.27. At the start of the third-last home straight, Dmitriyev accelerated past Bulti. West Germany's Thomas Wessinghage and Ireland's Eamonn Coghlan positioned themselves behind Dmitriyev and Bulti. With two laps left, twelve men were still in the lead group, with Goater and Italy's Salvatore Antibo having dropped from Dmitriyev's pace. On the second-last back straight, the Soviet Union's Valeriy Abramov lost contact with the lead group. Dmitriyev launched their final kick's decisive stage at 4,400 metres. Immediately Ryffel, Portugal's Antonio Leitao, and Austria's Dietmar Millonig dropped from Dmitriyev's pace. At the start of the second-last home straight, Dmitriyev was already sprinting about five metres ahead of Bulti. Later on that home straight, Wessinghage and Coghlan kicked past Bulti, and Coghlan passed Wessinghage. At 4,600 metres, Dmitriyev led in about 12:30. In other words, they had sprinted the second-last lap in about 57 seconds! Coghlan was running about six or seven metres behind this Soviet runner, with Wessinghage, Bulti, Finland's Martti Vainio, the United States' Doug Padilla, East Germany's Werner Schildhauer, and Kenya's Paul Kipkoech still in the lead group. To the surprise of many spectators, Wessinghage dropped from Coghlan's pace on the final lap's front bend. This astonishing event - Wessinghage was a world-class runner at both 1,500 and 5,000 metres - probably inspired Vainio to start their final kick, and to pass Bulti. Further back, Kipkoech dropped from Padilla's and Schildhauer's pace. Early on the final back straight, Coghlan easily caught the tiring Dmitriyev. Vainio kicked past the exhausted Wessinghage. At 4,800 metres, Dmitriyev and Coghlan were running about nine metres ahead of Vainio. On the final bend, Schildhauer passed Padilla and Wessinghage, and dashed after Vainio. Coghlan triumphantly raised their right hand, glanced at the worn out Dmitriyev, and then began their final sprint. By the start of the home straight, Coghlan had already stretched their lead over Dmitriyev to four metres. Vainio was sprinting ten metres behind the Irishman, while Schildhauer was kicking a couple of metres behind the Finn. On the final home straight, without even sprinting as fast as they could, Coghlan moved into a wide lead, crossing the finish line in 13:28.53. In other words, they had run the final 1,000 metres in 2:24.77! Schildhauer passed Vainio with about 25 metres left, and caught Dmitriyev over 10 metres later. The exhausted Soviet runner was no match for the fast-finishing East German. Vainio leaned forward, and lunged across the finish line, crossing it just 0.04 seconds before Dmitriyev. Two of the strongest pre-race favourites, Padilla and Wessinghage, had to settle for the fifth and sixth places, respectively. (The World Track and Field Championships / Yleisurheilun MM-kisat 1983, the Juoksija-lehti / Runner Magazine, Helsinki, Finland, 1983; another book on the IAAF World Championships 1983; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIy0Jpm9moE&t=510s Eamonn Coghlan - World Athletics Championship 5000m Gold, Helsinki 1983.)
The final took place on August 14.
References
5000 metres at the World Athletics Championships
Jens Carl Peter Brandt (20 June 1848 – 10 August 1912) was a Norwegian lawyer, property owner and politician with the Conservative Party.
They were born on the Froen farm of Frogn parish (Froen gård i Frogn) in Akershus, Norway. They were the son of Captain Ole Peter Brandt (1793-1875) and their second wife Mathilde Kristine Brandt. Members of this family still own this property.
They finished their secondary education in 1865 and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1869. They then worked six years as an attorney, before taking over their family manor in 1875. In addition to a farm, the estate had a mill, a sawmill, a planing mill and a brickwork. They were also among the co-founders of the local savings bank, Frogn sparebank, in 1884 and was chairperson of the board.
Brandt was a member of Frogn municipal council from 1884 to 1912, serving as mayor from 1884 to 1895. They were elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1900 and 1903, representing the constituency of Akershus Amt. Brandt was also a deputy member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee. They died in August 1912.
References
1848 births
1912 deaths
People from Frogn
Norwegian farmers
19th-century Norwegian lawyers
Norwegian businesspeople
Mayors of places in Akershus
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Members of the Storting
Jun Ohnishi is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Japan.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kashka-Suu may refer to:
Populated areas
Kashka-Suu, Aksy, village in Aksy District, Jalal-Abad Province, Kyrgyzstan
Kashka-Suu, Suzak, village in Suzak District, Jalal-Abad Province, Kyrgyzstan
Kashka-Suu, Osh, village in Chong-Alay District, Osh Province, Kyrgyzstan
Kashka-Suu, Alamüdün, village in Alamüdün District, Chuy Province, Kyrgyzstan
Rivers
Kashka Suu (river), right tributary of the Ala-Archa, Kyrgyzstan
The European route E24 is part of the United Nations international E-road network. It runs for from Birmingham to Ipswich.
Route
The route of the E24 begins at the E5 near Birmingham, where the M6 Toll merges with the M6 and the E5 switches from the M6 Toll to the M42. The E24 heads east on the M6 to its end at the M1 (E13), and continues past the junction onto the A14. The E24 crosses the E15 (A1) at Huntingdon, and continues east along the A14 past Cambridge to the A12 at Ipswich, where the E24 route ends.
The E30, which follows the A12 from London to Ipswich, and then the A14 from Ipswich to the port of Felixstowe, forms a continuation of the route to the North Sea.
Lack of signage
Lying completely within the United Kingdom (like the E13 and E32), no part of the E24 is signed as such, the UK authorities never having implemented the provisions for the indication of European route numbers contained in annex 3 of the 1950 Declaration on the Construction of Main International Traffic Arteries signed in Geneva by Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom (later joined by 18 other countries) on 16 September 1950.
References
External links
UN Economic Commission for Europe: Overall Map of E-road Network (2007)
24
Roads in the West Midlands (county)
Roads in Suffolk
Roads in Cambridgeshire
Roads in Warwickshire
Transport in Northampton
24
District 45 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Barbara Smith Warner of Portland.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
IntelliCorp (IC) sold its assets including LiveCompare, LiveModel and LiveInterface to Tricentis in May 2019.
History
Founded in 1980, IC marketed an early expert system environment (Knowledge Engineering Environment – KEE) for development and deployment of knowledge systems on the Lisp machines that had several advanced features, such as truth maintenance. KEE used the backward-chaining method of Mycin which had been developed at Stanford. While moving KEE functionality to the PC, IC created one of the early object-oriented technologies for commercial programming development environments (LiveModel).
The company was also one of the UML Partners, a consortium which helped develop the standards for UML, the Unified Modeling Language.
In May 2019, IC completed the sale of its assets including LiveCompare, LiveModel and LiveInterface to Tricentis.
References
Software companies based in California
Software companies established in 1980
1980 establishments in California
Software companies of the United States
Senator McAllister may refer to:
Matthew Hall McAllister (1800–1865), Georgia State Senate
Norman H. McAllister (born 1951), Vermont State Senate
Thomas Stanislaus McAllister (1878–1950), Northern Irish Senate
William M. McAllister (1896–1986), Oregon State Senate
See also
Hill McAlister (1875–1959), Tennessee State Senate
Sir Brook William Bridges, 3rd Baronet (17 September 1733 – 4 September 1791) was a British baronet and Whig politician.
Born at Whitehall, they were the only son of Sir Brook Bridges, 2nd Baronet and their wife Anne Palmer, daughter of Sir Thomas Palmer, 4th Baronet, of Wingham. Born after their father's death and being the eldest son, they were born into the title and property of the baronetcy of Goodnestone Park in Kent.
Education and career
Bridges was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge until 1752 and began subsequently their Grand Tour. In 1763, they entered the British House of Commons for Kent, representing the constituency as Member of Parliament (MP) until 1774. They were for several years Receiver General of the land tax for Kent.
Marriages and family
On 11 June 1765, they married Fanny Fowler, daughter of Edmund Fowler and heiress to the title Baron Fitzwalter, at St George's, Hanover Square in London. They had six daughters and seven sons.
Sophia (d. 1844), who married Col. William Deedes MP for Hythe. They had at least four sons.
Harriet Mary, who married Rev. George Moore, son of the Most Rev. John Moore, Archbishop of Canterbury. They had one son, Edward, who later married Lady Harriet Montagu-Scott, daughter of Charles Montagu-Scott, 4th Duke of Buccleuch.
Brook (14 Aug 1766 – 9 Jul 1781)
Sir Brook William (22 Jun 1767 – 21 Apr 1829), who married firstly Eleanor Foote with whom they had three children including Brook Bridges, 1st Baron FitzWalter and Sir Brook William Bridges, 5th Baronet. They married secondly Dorothy Hawley, daughter of Sir Henry Hawley, 1st Baronet but without issue.
Rev. Brook Henry (1 Jun 1769 – 20 Sep 1855), who married Jane Hales, daughter of Sir Thomas Hales, 4th Baronet. They had five children.
Elizabeth (1773–1808), who married Edward Austen Knight, son of Rev. George Austen and older brother of Jane Austen (she visited them at Goodnestone regularly). They had eleven children.
Rev. Brook Edward (1779-23 Apr 1825), who married Harriet Foote, sister to Eleanor. They had two sons. (This is the "Edward Bridges" mentioned in Jane Austen's letters and portrayed by Hugh Bonneville in Miss Austen Regrets.)
Death and legacy
Bridges died, aged 57 in Portman Square in London and was buried in Goodnestone. They were succeeded in the baronetcy by their second son William, who after the death of their older brother in 1781 had taken the additional Christian name Brook by licence of the archbishop.
References
External links
Goodnestone Park and Gardens
1733 births
1791 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
People educated at Eton College
People from Goodnestone, Dover
The rusty whistler (Pachycephala hyperythra) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is endemic to lowland mountain areas of New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Nomenclature
Alternate names for the rusty whistler include the Bornean mountain whistler, brownish whistler, rufous-breasted whistler and rusty-breasted whistler. The latter name should not be confused with the species of the same name, Pachycephala fulvotincta.
Subspecies
Four subspecies are recognized:
P. h. hyperythra Salvadori, 1876 : Wandammen, Weyland & Foja Mountains ; upper Fly, Palmer and Ok Tedi rivers.
P. h. sepikiana Stresemann, 1921 : mountains northern New Guinea.
P. h. reichenowi Rothschild & E. J. O. Hartert, 1911 : Saruwaged Range.
P. h. salvadorii Rothschild, 1897 : mountains east from Lake Kutubu and Mount Bosavi.
References
rusty whistler
Birds of New Guinea
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
rusty whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Capetian House of Courtenay, also known simply as the House of Courtenay, was a royal house and cadet branch of the direct House of Capet. Founded by Peter I of Courtenay, a son of Louis VI of France, the family drew its name from the lordship of Courtenay, to which Peter's wife was heiress.
Capetian house of Courtenay
The marriage of Peter I of Courtenay, also known as Peter of France, with Elizabeth, heiress of the elder branch of the lords of Courtenay, took place in 1150. They have numerous descendants, mainly through their sons Peter II of Courtenay (for the elder branch) and Robert of Courtenay (for the younger branch).
The elder branch
Peter II of Courtenay (the eldest son of Peter of France, Lord of Courtenay and Elizabeth) became Count of Auxerre, Nevers and Tonnerre by their marriage with the Countess Agnes of Nevers. After the death of their first wife, they married Yolanda of Flanders. In 1216, on the death of their wife's brother, the Latin Emperor of Constantinople Henry of Flanders, the barons of Constantinople chose Peter II of Courtenay to succeed him; but they were captured while attempting to reach Constantinople and died in captivity in 1219.
Their son, Robert of Courtenay, attempted to keep the empire by selling their possessions (including the Marquisate of Namur). The Emperor Robert was expelled from Constantinople by their subjects in 1228. Their brother and successor Baldwin II of Constantinople lost the crown when Constantinople was taken by the Greeks (1261), and died in exile in Italy in 1273. Their granddaughter, Catherine of Courtenay, married in 1300 Charles of Valois, son of Philip III of France, and the lands of the Courtenay passed into the House of France.
The younger branch
Robert, the second son of Peter of France and Elizabeth of Courtenay, received some lordships, including that of Champignelles. One of their sons, Peter of Courtenay, Lord of Conches, accompanied Saint Louis in the Holy Land during the Seventh Crusade; they were killed at the Battle of Al Mansurah (1250), along with the king's brother, Robert I, Count of Artois. Their only daughter Amicie de Courtenay married Robert II, Count of Artois, the son of Robert of Artois. In 1285, Robert II of Courtenay, Lord of Champignelles (grandson of Robert) became the head of the House of Courtenay at the death of Philip of Courtenay, son of the Emperor Baldwin II Courtenay.
After the extinction of the members of the senior branch, the Courtenay family fell into oblivion. They had become minor provincial lords, since the elder branch had sold most of the family's possessions in their attempt to preserve the Latin Empire in the east. One of the descendants of Robert de Courtenay, John III of Courtenay-Champignelles, was taken prisoner by the English at the Battle of Poitiers in 1356, and later they fought alongside Bertrand du Guesclin. Their nephew Peter III of Courtenay-Champignelles became chamberlain and advisor to King Charles VI. Another member of the family, François de Courtenay-Bléneau is knighted at Marignan (1515), and Anne de Courtenay, another descendant of Robert, in 1583 became the first wife of Maximilien de Béthune, Duke of Sully.
The title of Head of the House of Courtenay is transmitted over time from one branch to another, in 1472 to John II of Courtenay, Lord of Bléneau, then in 1655 to Louis de Courtenay, Lord of Chevillon. From 1603, they tried in vain to gain recognition, many times, the status of "princes of royal blood." The last male of the final branch died in 1733, and the family was extinguished on June 29, 1768, with the death of their niece, Helen of Courtenay (1689–1768), marquise of Bauffremont.
The claim to princely status
While the wars in Constantinople were unfortunate to the French in general, its loss was dearer still to the Courtenay family. Having had the honor of an imperial dignity, they had spared no cost in order to preserve it, but found that it could not be kept. The grandeur and wealth of the family was lost, that when the time came for the princes of Capetian lineage to be exalted above others, the Courtenays, who would have been best entitled in more ancient times, could no longer be esteemed princes of the blood in France.
Louis VI of France
Louis VII of France
Philip II of France
Louis VIII of France
Louis IX of France
Philip III of France
Philip IV of France
House of Valois
House of Bourbon
Peter I of Courtenay
House of Courtenay
With the establishment of the Salic law in France, the male-line descendants of the third race of the Kings of France were recognized as princes of the blood, who had the contingent right of succession to the French crown. Though the House of Courtenay multiplied, they did so in obscurity and poverty. From princes they became barons, and from barons they became rural lords. Compared to the mighty princes of the blood — the dukes of Burgundy, Brittany, Orléans, Anjou, Bourbon, and Alençon — the royal blood seemed like a drop in the lords of Champignelles and Tanlay. Their name had largely disappeared in the history of the kingdom, but might still be found by the patience and diligence of heralds and genealogists. In the 16th century, the accession of the House of Bourbon, itself distantly related to the preceding House of Valois, awoke the princely spirit of the Courtenays. They appealed to the justice and compassion of Henry IV of France; they obtained a favorable opinion of 20 lawyers from Italy and Germany, and compared themselves to the descendants of King David, whose rights were not impaired by the lapse of ages or the trade of a carpenter. But every ear was deaf, and every circumstance was adverse, to their lawful claims. The princes of the blood, more recent and lofty, disdained the alliance of this humble kindred. The parliament, without denying their proofs, eluded them by arbitrarily selecting St. Louis as the progenitor of the royal line. A repetition of complaints and protests was repeatedly disregarded; and the hopeless pursuit was terminated in the 18th century by the death of the last male of the family.
Notes
References
Sources
Saibh Anna Young (born 5 September 1967) is an Irish former cricketer who played as a right-arm medium bowler. They appeared in one Test match and 36 One Day Internationals for Ireland between 1990 and 2001. They took a hat-trick in an ODI against England in 2001.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Cricketers from County Dublin
Ireland women One Day International cricketers
Ireland women Test cricketers
Irish women cricketers
Women's One Day International cricket hat-trick takers
Backblast may refer to:
Fictional characters
Backblast (G.I. Joe), a fictional character in the G.I. Joe universe
Backblast, member of the Deep Space Team of Mini-Cons in the Transformers universe
Other uses
Backblast area, the area behind a rocket launcher which needs to be clear of personnel
Marko Đorđević (; also transliterated Marko Djordjević; born 22 May 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
In November 2014, Đorđević signed for Auckland City.
Career statistics
Honours
Amicale
Vanuatu Premia Divisen: 2013–14
Auckland City
ASB Premiership (1): 2014–15
OFC Champions League (1): 2014–15
References
External links
Marko Đorđević at Utakmica.rs
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kruševac
Association football defenders
Serbian footballers
FK Napredak Kruševac players
FK Jagodina players
FK Radnički 1923 players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Vanuatu
FC Kairat players
FC Okzhetpes players
Auckland City FC players
New Zealand Football Championship players
Natasha St. Louis (born 1 November 1991) is a Trinidad and Tobago footballer who plays as a forward. They have been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team.
International career
St. Louis represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2010 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship. At senior level, they capped during two CONCACAF Women's Championship editions (2010 and 2018), two Central American and Caribbean Games editions (2014 and 2018) and the 2018 CFU Women's Challenge Series.
International goals
Scores and results list Trinidad and Tobago' goal tally first.
References
1991 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
Trinidad and Tobago women's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago women's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Presidency University may refer to:
Presidency University, Kolkata
Presidency University, Bangalore
Presidency University, Bangladesh
See also
Presidency College (disambiguation)
Zeberkhan Rural District () is a rural district in Central District, Zeberkhan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14,965, in 4,977 families. The rural district has 35 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Razavi Khorasan Province
Nishapur County
Morteza Gholi Khan (Sani-ol Douleh) (; 1856–1911) was a member of the Hedayat family, son of Ali Gholi Khan (Mokhber-ol Douleh), was a key leader of the Persian Constitutional Revolution who then became the first Chairman of the first Majlis (Assembly or House of Representatives).
They were the first Finance Minister for seven months when they were assassinated on 6 February 1911 by two Georgian nationals in Tehran. At the time, Persia was being plundered of its resources by the British and Russians who had also obtained taxation rights on all significant sources keeping the county and some of the ruling class under effective financial control. Realizing that a country cannot be independent without self sufficiency and monetary independence, they initiated financial reforms and overhaul of the taxation system, including bringing in the American adviser W. Morgan Shuster. This and their unwillingness to sell out led to their assassination by the Russians.
References
External links
Family background of Morteza Gholi Khan, Sani-ol Douleh
1864 births
1911 deaths
People from Tehran
People of the Persian Constitutional Revolution
Assassinated Iranian politicians
Moderate Socialists Party politicians
Speakers of the National Consultative Assembly
Members of the 1st Iranian Majlis
Deputies of Tehran for National Consultative Assembly
People from Mazandaran Province
A structured product, also known as a market-linked investment, is a pre-packaged structured finance investment strategy based on a single security, a basket of securities, options, indices, commodities, debt issuance or foreign currencies, and to a lesser extent, derivatives.
Structured products are not homogeneous — there are numerous varieties of derivatives and underlying assets — but they can be classified under the aside categories.
Typically, a desk will employ a specialized "structurer" to design and manage its structured-product offering.
Formal definitions
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rule 434 (regarding certain prospectus deliveries) defines structured securities as "securities whose cash flow characteristics depend upon one or more indices or that have embedded forwards or options or securities where an investor's investment return and the issuer's payment obligations are contingent on, or highly sensitive to, changes in the value of underlying assets, indices, interest rates or cash flows".
Utility
From the investor's point of view, the concept of structuring means customizing a specified return stream;
structured products can be used as an alternative to a direct investment, as part of the asset allocation process to reduce risk exposure of a portfolio, or to utilize the current market trend. From the issuer's point of view, structuring means that a number of existing financial products are combined to achieve the client's desired return function. Theoretically an investor can do this themselves, but the cost and transaction volume requirements of many options and swaps are beyond many individual investors. As such, structured products were created to meet specific needs that cannot be met from the standardized financial instruments available in the markets. The more outlandish the idea and with less time to play out, the cheaper pricing will naturally be (see moneyness).
Two typical use cases:
An investor dislikes a specific stock and does not want to hold it in their portfolio, but knows how much regret a 20 percent rise in the stock would cause. Therefore, the investor chooses to purchase a structured product on the stock instead: an agreement ('contract', 'certificate', 'note') with another entity (e.g. a bank) that pays out the full return on the given stock, but only if the stock surpasses a specified threshold, such as this 20%, over a specified time period. This product is known as a market-linked note. Numerous combinations of conditions and assets are available to construct this, see below, and the pricing is then based on past likelihoods and actual occurrences, and current market expectations of such returns happening over such timespans given the agreed constraints.
A feature of some structured products is a principal guarantee function, which offers protection of principal if held to maturity. For example, an investor invests $100, the issuer simply invests in a risk-free bond that has sufficient interest to grow to $100 after the five-year period. This bond might cost $80 today and after five years it will grow to $100. With the remaining funds, the issuer purchases the options and swaps needed to perform whatever the investment strategy calls for. See structured note.
Origin
Structured investments arose from the needs of companies that want to issue debt more cheaply. This could have been done by issuing a convertible bond—i.e., debt that could be converted to equity under certain circumstances. In exchange for the potential for a higher return (if the equity value would increase and the bond could be converted at a profit), investors would accept lower interest rates in the meantime. However, the worth of this tradeoff is debatable, as the movement of the company's equity value could be unpredictable.
Investment banks then decided to add features to the basic convertible bond, such as increased income in exchange for limits on the convertibility of the stock, or principal protection. These extra features were all strategies investors could perform themselves using options and other derivatives, except that they were prepackaged as one product. The goal was again to give investors more reasons to accept a lower interest rate on debt in exchange for certain features. On the other hand, the goal for investment banks was to increase profit margins since the newer products with added features were harder to value, and thus harder to gauge bank profits.
Interest in these investments has been growing in recent years, and high-net-worth investors now use structured products as way of portfolio diversification. Nowadays the product range is very wide, and reverse convertible securities represent the other end of the product spectrum (yield enhancement products). Structured products are also available at the mass retail level—particularly in Europe, where national post offices, and even supermarkets, sell investments on these to their customers; these are referred to as PRIIPs, “Packaged retail and insurance-based investment products”.
Structured product business, as a key part of customer-driven derivatives business, has changed dramatically in recent years. Its modern setup requires a comprehensive understanding of:
Prevailing regulatory environment, specifically existing and forthcoming regulations including MiFID II, KYC, PRIIPs-KIDs, etc.
Principles of risk-based capital/liquidity requirements specified by Basel III, FRTB, etc.
Real-life quantitative pricing models able to handle multi-curve environments, volatility smile/skew, etc
Structured product payoff features and their risk characteristics, as above
Structured product manufacture process, and the "derivatives business" value chain - i.e. linking trading, structuring, quantitative modelling and risk management
Structured product distribution channels, product wrappers, impact of e-platforms
Product design and manufacture
Structured products aspire to provide investors with highly targeted investments tied to their specific risk profiles, return requirements and market expectations.
Benefits of structured products may include:
Principal protection, as above (depending on the type of structured product)
Tax-efficient access to fully taxable investments
Enhanced returns within an investment (depending on the type of structured product)
Reduced volatility (or risk) within an investment (depending on the type of structured product)
Ability to earn a positive return in low-yield or flat equity market environments
Ability to minimize issuer risk by using collateral secured instruments (COSIs) backed with collateral in the form of securities or cash deposits
Historically, this aspiration is met with an ad hoc approach: the structure of the product is postulated in a way that seems appropriate for the client. Within this approach it can be difficult to articulate the precise problem the product is designed to solve, let alone to claim the product as optimal for the client. Nevertheless, this approach is still widely used in practice.
A more advanced mathematical approach to product design has been proposed. It allows the structure of financial products to be derived as a mathematically optimal solution to the clients' needs. This approach demands higher proficiency from both the structurer who designs the product, and the client who needs to understand the proposal.
Once the product is designed, it is manufactured through the process of financial engineering. This involves replicating the product through a trading strategy involving underlying instruments such as bonds, shares, indices, commodities as well as simple derivatives like vanilla options, swaps and forward contracts.
Risks
The market for derivatives has grown quickly in recent years because, as above, they perform an economic function by enabling the risk averse to transfer risk to those who are willing to bear it for a fee.
At the same time, there are several risks associated with many structured products, especially those that present risks of loss of principal due to market movements, are similar to risks involved with options.
Disadvantages of structured products may include:
Credit risk – structured products are unsecured debt from investment banks
Lack of liquidity – structured products are primarily traded over the counter and issuers are not obligated to provide a bid
Highly complex – the complexity of the return calculations means that it is difficult to determine how the structured product would perform versus simply owning the underlying asset
Intuition-based methods of product design often produce trades that are mathematically equivalent to gambling. (the above "Quantitative Structuring approach" can be used to eliminate this problem)
Lack of clarity on what exact problem the product is actually solving (does not apply to products built through the Quantitative Structuring approach).
Lack of transparency on pricing - the investment bank fees are hidden in the product pricing and difficult for the customer to discern
More generally, the serious risks in options trading are well-established and customers must be explicitly approved for options trading. The U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) suggests that firms "consider" whether purchasers of some or all structured products should be required to go through a similar approval process, so that only accounts approved for options trading would also be approved for some or all structured products.
Further, "principal-protected" products are not always insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in the United States; they may only be insured by the issuer, and thus could potentially lose the principal if there is a liquidity crisis or bankruptcy. Some firms attempted to create a new market for structured products that are no longer trading; some have traded in secondary markets for as low as pennies on the dollar.
The regulatory framework for structured products is hazy and they may fall in legal grey areas. In India, equity-related structured products may violate the Securities Contract Regulation Act, which prohibits issuing and trading equity derivatives that do not trade on a nationally recognized exchange.
See also
Credit derivative
Derivative (finance)
Exotic derivatives
Structured finance
Structured note
Equity-linked note
Floating rate note
Inverse floating rate note
Credit-linked note
Market-linked note
Structurer
References
External links
Structured Product Guides and Education
Investopedia - Understanding Structured Products
Structured Products Association (US)
Structured Products magazine
Structured Products Information for the UK market
UK Structured Products Association
European Structured Products Association
Structured Retail Products Ltd, Euromoney Institutional Investor Group
Structured finance
Wilsthorpe Crossing Halt railway station was on the branch line between and , Lincolnshire, England.
History
The line of the Bourn and Essendine Railway (B&ER) opened on 16 June 1860, with intermediate stations at and . The B&ER was operated by the Great Northern Railway (GNR), which absorbed it on 25 July 1864.
Wilsthorpe had a small siding, used for the delivery of coals to a local pumping station before the halt was opened.
In September 1925, the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER), which had been created on 1 January 1923 by the amalgamation of the GNR with several other railways, opened a station between Thurlby and Braceborough Spa, naming it Wilsthorpe Crossing Halt; it was adjacent to a level crossing on the road connecting Wilsthorpe with Manthorpe.
The station closed with the line on 18 June 1951.
References
External links
Braceborough Spa Halt on navigable 1946 O.S. map
Disused railway stations in Lincolnshire
Former London and North Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1925
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1951
1925 establishments in England
1951 disestablishments in England
Keith Kahn-Harris is a sociologist and music critic.  They are an honorary research fellow and senior lecturer at Birkbeck College and an associate fellow of the Institute for Jewish Policy Research and a lecturer at Leo Baeck College.
They have published academic and non-academic articles on Judaism, music scenes, heavy metal music, transgression, Israel, communities, dialogue, religion, ethnicity, political discourse, and denial.
Academic positions
2008–09: Research Associate at the Centre for Urban and Community Research, Goldsmiths, University of London, working on project funded by the Economic and Social Research Council "Contemporary Anglo-Jewry and Leadership: Coping with Multiculturalism" (with Ben Gidley).
2007–08: Research Associate at the Centre for Urban and Community Research, Goldsmiths, working on two projects funded by the Rothschild Foundation Europe: "A Mapping Study of Efforts to Combat Antisemitism, Racism and Xenophobia at the Local, Communal and Grassroots Levels in Europe" (with Roger Hewitt) and "From Security to Insecurity?: Jewish Communal Leadership in Changing Times" (with Ben Gidley).
2005: Postdoctoral Fellow at the Advanced Cultural Studies Institute of Sweden, Campus Norrköping of Linköping University.
2001–02: "Jerusalem Fellow" at the Mandel School for Advanced Educational Leadership in Jerusalem.
Select bibliography
Books written
The Babel Message: A Love Letter to Language Icon Books, 2021
Strange Hate: Anti-semitism, racism, and the Limits of Diversity Repeater books, 2019
Review, by Howard Cooper Jewish Chronicle, 18 June 2020
Denial: The Unspeakable Truth], Notting Hill Editions, 2018
Uncivil War: The Israel Conflict in the Jewish Community, David Paul Books, 2014
Review by C Schindler, Jewish Journal of Sociology 56 (2014) 127–128.
All that Matters: Judaism, Hodder Education, 2012
(co-written with Ben Gidley), Turbulent Times: The British Jewish Community Today Continuum 2010
Extreme Metal: Music and Culture on the Edge Berg 2007
Review: </ref>
Books edited
(co-edited with Dougald Hine),Despatches from the Invisible Revolution New Public Thinking 2012
(co-edited with Andy Bennett) After subculture: Critical studies in contemporary youth culture Basingstoke Palgrave 2004
Refereed articles in scholarly journals
"Religious Popular Music: Between the Instrumental, Transcendent and Transgressive" in Temenos: Nordic Journal of Comparative Religion, 48/1, 87–106 2012
(With Ben Gidley) "Contemporary Anglo-Jewish and Community Leadership: Coping with Multiculturalism", British Journal of Sociology 63/1 2012
"Creating Jewish Rap: From Parody to Syncretism" in transversal – Zeitschrift für Jüdische Studien 1 2009 21–38
"The 'Failure' of Youth Culture: Music, Politics and Reflexivity in the Black Metal Scene" in European Journal of Cultural Studies, 7/1 2004, pp 95–111
Roots'?: The Relationship Between the Global and the Local Within the Global Extreme Metal Scene" in Popular Music 19/1, 2000, pp 13–30
Journal special issues
(Co-edited with Titus Hjelm and Mark LeVine) "Heavy Metal: Controversies and Countercultures" Popular Music History 6: 1/2, April/August 2012
(Co-edited with Karl Spracklen and Andy R. Brown) "Metal Studies: Cultural Research in the Heavy Metal Scene" Journal for Cultural Research 15: 3, July 2011
Personal life
 They are married to Rabbi Deborah Kahn-Harris, with whom they have two children.
References
External links
Official website
Guardian profile: Keith Kahn-Harris
New Statesman: Keith Kahn-Harris
Interview in Metal Rules
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of Birkbeck, University of London
Academics of the Open University
Academics of the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies
British Jewish writers
British sociologists
British writers about music
Jewish sociologists
People associated with Leo Baeck College
Sociologists of religion
"Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" is a song written by Chris Lindsey, Aimee Mayo and Troy Verges, and recorded by American country music artist Kellie Pickler. It was released in August 2009 as the third single from their self-titled second album, and their sixth single release overall. The song is a power ballad where a narrator describes their lost love, responding to them with said song title as a question.
The song garnered mixed reviews from critics who found the lyrics generic but praised the hook and Pickler's vocal performance of the lyrics. "Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 97 on the Hot 100. An accompanying music video for the song, directed by Roman White, was shot in the Dominican Republic.
Content
"Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" is a power ballad, backed primarily by piano and electric guitar. The female narrator describes the feeling of losing the one they love, responding to them with the question: 'Didn't you know how much I loved you?'
The song was originally recorded by Jessica Andrews for their unreleased album Ain't That Life. It was featured as a track on Pickler's debut album, Small Town Girl. It was later re-recorded and included on their self-titled second album, from which it was released as a single at Pickler's request: "I love 'Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You!' I was gonna put it on every album until it was released as a single. I guess they figure this might finally shut me up."
Critical reception
Jim Malec of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs-up rating. Although they described the verses as "disposable and generic", they thought that the song's hook compensated. "“Didn't you know how much I loved you?” is a great hook. Great enough that we're not going to remember how average the rest of the song is, only the tremendous power of those words." They also complimented their vocals: "Pickler hits the song's melodic peak she's soaring, squeezing out every bit of power and emotion their voice can muster." Roughstock reviewer Bobby Peacock also described the verses as "pedestrian" but added, "[w]ith a good enough vocal performance, even a trite lyric can be elevated greatly." Their review also describes the title hook favorably. Kevin J. Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a C rating. "There's such an incongruity between the softly sung verses and the bombastic chorus that it's hard to get a handle on how she's asking the titular question. Are they angry? Sad? Disappointed? Disbelieving? Take any twenty seconds of the song, and you might get a different answer."
Music video
The music video, directed by Roman White, debuted on CMT on September 11, 2009. The video begins with Pickler sitting on a bed, before making their way outside to a balcony.  They are then shown standing among ruins, and then walking along the beach. The video was shot in the Dominican Republic.
Chart performance
"Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" debuted at number 55 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of September 12, 2009. After 26 weeks on the chart, it peaked at number 14 for the week of February 27, 2010.
Covers
Skylar Laine performed the song on the eleventh season of American Idol during the Top 7 week.
Sales
United States: 255,000
References
2009 singles
2009 songs
Kellie Pickler songs
BNA Records singles
Country ballads
Song recordings produced by Chris Lindsey
Songs written by Chris Lindsey
Songs written by Aimee Mayo
Songs written by Troy Verges
Music videos directed by Roman White
The Calgary Flames are a professional hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). Since their arrival in 1980, nearly 400 players have worn the Flames jersey for at least one regular season or playoff game. The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once, in 1989, and four players have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame; the most recent electee is Jarome Iginla, who was enshrined in 2021.
Fourteen players have served as the captain of the Calgary Flames, beginning with Brad Marsh in 1980–81. Doug Risebrough, Jim Peplinski and Lanny McDonald served together as co-captains in the 1980s; the latter two led the Flames to the 1989 Stanley Cup. The team's longest serving player, is Jarome Iginla. Iginla joined the Flames for the 1996 Stanley Cup playoffs and, as of 2013, is the Flames' all-time leader in games played, points and goals scored. Currently, the Flames captaincy is vacant, since the departure of Mark Giordano in 2021 to the Seattle Kraken, via expansion draft.
Key
Goaltenders
Note: Statistics are complete as of the end of the 2021–22 NHL season.
Skaters
Note: Statistics are complete as of the end of the 2021–22 NHL season.
References
Goaltenders:
Skaters
Captains
Calgary
players
Mario Maranzana (14 July 1940 – 11 January 2012) was an Italian actor and voice actor.
Background
Born in Trieste, Maranzana began their career in the theater with Vittorio Gassman in Oedipus Rex by Sophocles, then worked with, among others, Giorgio Strehler and Luchino Visconti. They also worked as character actor in a number of films and TV-series. They were the voice actor for Tigger in Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too.
In January 2006 Maranzana was honored with the title of "Cavaliere" (Knight) of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic, the highest ranking civilian honour of the Italian Republic.
References
External links
Italian male film actors
1930 births
2012 deaths
Italian male television actors
Italian male stage actors
Actors from Trieste
Gyeongcheonsa Pagoda is National Treasure of Korea No. 86. It was designated by the South Korean government on December 20, 1962.
An inscription on the first story of the pagoda states that it was erected in the fourth year of King Chungmok in 1348. The pagoda was first placed at the now-lost Gyeongcheonsa Temple which sat at the foot of Mt. Buso in Gwangdeok-myeon, Gaepung-gun, Gyeonggi-do Province. During the Japanese occupation of Korea, in 1907 the pagoda was taken to Japan. In 1918, the pagoda was returned and placed on the grounds of Gyeongbokgung Palace. Today, the pagoda stands in one of the main halls of the National Museum of Korea.
The pagoda stands 13.5 m in height and is ten storeys tall. However, because of the three-tiered foundation, it is a common mistake to believe that the pagoda has thirteen storeys. Unlike most Goryeo-era pagodas, this pagoda is made from marble. The preferred material of Korean sculptors was generally granite. The later Joseon-era Wongaksa Pagoda is stylistically very similar and is believed to have been heavily influenced by the Gyeongcheonsa Pagoda.
Gyeongcheonsa Pagoda sits on a three-tiered foundation which projects in four directions like a cross. The first three storeys of the pagoda share the same shape as the foundation. Each panel of this tiered foundation is carved with Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, flowers, and arabesque patterns.
The remaining storeys are square in shape and share intricate detailing which tries to create the illusion that the marble pagoda is made from wood. Each remaining storey has railings, a hip-and-gabled roof, eaves, and carvings made to suggest that each roof is tiled.
This pagoda is very valuable because it preserves the Goryeo-era wooden architectural style that has been mostly lost. According to the South Korean Cultural Heritage Administration, this pagoda is one of the finest examples of Korean stone work and is of high artistic value.
Gallery
See also
Wongaksa Pagoda
National Museum of Korea
National treasures of South Korea
National treasures of North Korea
References
External links
Cultural Heritage: Gyeoncheonsa Pagoda
Korean pagodas
Stone pagodas
Korean art
National Treasures of South Korea
Pagodas in South Korea
This article provides the names of the runners-up in the Miss World pageant since the pageant's first edition in 1951 and Continental Queens since Miss World 1981, the Continental Queens of Beauty were awarded for the first time.
Table of Miss World runner-up and finalists
From 1951 to 1952, 1957, 1959–1965, 1967–1978 and 1980 the pageant has awarded a Top 5 with the Miss World, 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th runner-up being awarded. In 1954, 1966, 1981–2017 and 2019–present the pageant has awarded a Top 3 with the Miss World, 1st, and 2nd runner-up being awarded. On the other hand, the pageant has awarded a Top 6 in 1953, 1955, 1956 and 1958 with Miss World, 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th runner-up being awarded. Just in 1979 and 2018, top 7 and top 2 being awarded. Since 1959 top Each runner-up was given a tiara.
Since the pageant is based in 1951, the runner-up ranking for contest is usually announced as follows:
1st-Place finisher being designated as Miss World
2nd-Place finisher being designated as 1st runner-up or runner-up in 2018
3rd-Place finisher being designated as 2nd runner-up
4th-Place finisher being designated as 3rd runner-up
5th-Place finisher being designated as 4th runner-up
6th-Place finisher being designated as 5th runner-up
7th-Place finisher being designated as 6th runner-up
This table shows the runner-up of each competition, from its inception in 1951.
Countries/Territories by number of Runners-up
1st runner-up
The first runner-up of each edition of Miss World is the second placer behind the candidate who is crowned as Miss World (first placer).
This table lists the number of 1st runner-up titles by country. There are some special considerations:
As South Africa and Guam took over the Miss World title in 1974 and 1980, it is unknown if the 1st runner-up position was taken by another candidate after the succession took place.
Since 2000. Competed as Miss England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, their results were inherited by Miss United Kingdom.
The current 1st runner-up is Shree Saini from the United States, elected on 16 March 2022 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
The results of Miss Africa South were inherited by Miss South Africa.
2nd runner-up
The second runner-up of each edition of Miss World is the third placer behind the candidate who is crowned as Miss World (first placer), in Miss World 2018 the titles were not been given.
This table lists the number of 2nd runner-up titles by country. There are some special considerations:
Since 2000. Competed as Miss England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, their results were inherited by Miss United Kingdom.
The current 2nd runner-up is Olivia Yacé from Cote D'Ivoire, elected on 16 March 2022 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
References
External links
Miss World official website
Miss World
Miss World titleholders
Miss World titleholders
Saverio Gandini (1729 – 9 March 1796) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque and Neoclassic periods, mainly active in Brescia.
Born in Cremona, they became a pupil of Ferdinando Galli-Bibiena. As a young man, they traveled to Rome to paint and study for a few years, then returned to Brescia.
References
1729 births
1796 deaths
Painters from Cremona
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Brescia
Siju Wildlife Sanctuary is situated in the South Garo Hills district of Meghalaya, India. It is the first and oldest wildlife sanctuary in Meghalaya. It is also known as Siju Bird Sanctuary as it is a home for many rare and protected birds such as the Grey Hornbill. Other migratory birds such as Siberian ducks and spoonbills are also sighted here.
Location
Situated in the South Garo Hills, Siju Wildlife Sanctuary is the oldest Wildlife Sanctuary in the state of Meghalaya. It is located at a distance of about 450 km away from Shillong.
Wildlife
Siju Wildlife Sanctuary is home to many endemic and rare flora and fauna. Many animal species such as elephants, Sambar deer, wild boars, leopards, tigers, barking deer, etc., and migratory birds, namely Grey Hornbills, spoonbills, and Siberian ducks are sighted here. Other primates such as the slow loris, Hoolock gibbon, and langurs are also found there. Peacock-pheasant also inhabit Siju Wildlife Sanctuary.
References
Wildlife sanctuaries in Meghalaya
South Garo Hills district
Year of establishment missing
Carenum foveolatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1888.
References
foveolatum
Beetles described in 1888
The Mountainbike Competition at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic was held on 10 August 2003.
Results
Men's Cross Country
Women's Cross Country
See also
Cycling at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's cross-country
Cycling at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's cross-country
References
cyclingnews
M
2003
2003 in mountain biking
Liffey Bridge may refer to a number of bridges over the River Liffey, including:
Ha'penny Bridge, officially named the Liffey Bridge
Liffey Railway Bridge, a rail bridge linking Heuston and Connolly Stations via the Phoenix Park Tunnel
Digitate or Filiform warts are warts that often appear on the eyelids, lips, face, or neck.
The warts tend to grow directly outwards from the skin. They have a spiky, thread-like or finger-like appearance. They sometimes look and feel like tiny brushes, making them especially uncomfortable for the patient.
As with other wart types, a number of treatments are available, including laser therapy, cryotherapy, salicylic acid, and other topical treatments.
References
Papillomavirus-associated diseases
Oegopsida is one of the two orders of squid in the superorder Decapodiformes, in the class Cephalopoda. Together with the Myopsina, it was formerly considered to be a suborder of the order Teuthida, in which case it was known as Oegopsina. This reclassification is due to Oegopsina and Myopsina not being demonstrated to form a clade.
The Oegopsida are an often pelagic squid, with some nerito-oceanic species associated with sea mounts. They consist of 24 families and 69 genera. They have these characters in common: the head is without tentacle pockets, eyes lack a corneal covering, arms and tentacle clubs may have hooks, the buccal supports are without suckers, and oviducts in females are paired.
Two families, the Bathyteuthidae and Chtenopterygidae, which have features characteristic of the Myopsida while retaining others common to the Oegopsina, are sometimes placed in the Bathyteuthoidea.
The Oegopsida differ from the coastal Myopsida, characterised by the genus Loligo, which have corneal coverings over the eyes and tentacle pockets, but lack hooks, have no suckers on the buccal supports, and a single oviduct.
Oegopsid squid are the only decapods that lack a pocket for the tentacles. Otherwise, they share different characters with different decapod groups. Like the Bathyteuthoidea and Myopsida, the Oegopsida have a brachial canal, which is absent in other forms. As with the Spirulidae and Idiosepiidae, the Oegopsida lack suckers on the buccal supports, and like the Bathyteuthoidea, Idiosepiidae, and Spirulidae, they have no circular muscle on the suckers.
Order Oegopsida
Family Ancistrocheiridae
Family Architeuthidae
Family Bathyteuthidae
Family Batoteuthidae
Family Brachioteuthidae
Family Chiroteuthidae
Family Chtenopterygidae
Family Cranchiidae
Family Cycloteuthidae
Family Enoploteuthidae
Family Gonatidae
Family Histioteuthidae
Family Joubiniteuthidae
Family Lepidoteuthidae
Family Lycoteuthidae
Family Magnapinnidae
Family Mastigoteuthidae
Family Neoteuthidae
Family Octopoteuthidae
Family Ommastrephidae
Family Onychoteuthidae
Family Pholidoteuthidae
Family Promachoteuthidae
Family Psychroteuthidae
Family Pyroteuthidae
Family Thysanoteuthidae
Parateuthis tunicata (incertae sedis)
These families group into a number of different clades but these have not yet been formally given names. These groupings are:
Architeuthids
Architeuthidae
Neoteuthidae
Brachioteuthids
Brachioteuthidae
Chiroteuthids
Batoteuthidae
Chiroteuthidae
Joubiniteuthidae
Magnapinnidae
Mastigoteuthidae
Promachoteuthidae
Cranchiids
Cranchiidae
Cycloteuthids
Cycloteuthidae
Enoploteuthids
Ancistrocheiridae
Enoploteuthidae
Lycoteuthidae
Pyroteuthidae
Gonatids
Gonatidae
Histioteuthids
Histioteuthidae
Psychroteuthidae
Lepidoteuthida
Lepidoteuthidae
Octopoteuthidae
Pholidoteuthidae
Ommastrephids
Ommastrephidae
Onychoteuthids
Onychoteuthidae
Thysanoteuthids
Thysanoteuthidae
References
External links
Squid
Boughton Hall Cricket Club Ground is a cricket ground in Boughton, Cheshire. The ground is located in grounds which formerly belonged to Boughton Hall. The ground is located off Boughton Hall Avenue, with the Shropshire Union Canal to the north. The ground is used by Chester Boughton Hall Cricket Club.
History
The first recorded match held on the ground was in 1886, when Boughton Hall played Huyton. Cheshire first used the ground in 1910 when they played Northumberland in the Minor Counties Championship. Prior to and after World War I, Cheshire played a match annually at the ground, until World War II. Following the war Cheshire returned to the ground in 1951, however this would be their last match there until 1970. In 1972, the ground was selected as a home venue for Minor Counties North in the 1972 Benson & Hedges Cup, where the team played a single List A match against Lancashire. From 1970 to 1988, the ground held one Minor Counties Championship match annually.
Cheshire played their first List A match at the venue in the first round of the 1988 NatWest Trophy, which saw them record a famous victory against first-class opponents Northamptonshire. However, Cheshire lost their second round match held at Boughton Hall against Derbyshire. The following season, Cheshire played a further List A match there against Hampshire in the 1989 NatWest Trophy, which ended in defeat. Cheshire played their first MCCA Knockout Trophy match there in 1992 against Northumberland, with Minor Counties Championship cricket returning there in 1993 when Dorset visited the ground. List A cricket returned to the ground in the 1995 NatWest Trophy when Essex defeated Cheshire, while in the 1998 NatWest Trophy the same opponents visited, with Essex once again triumphing. The ground was used infrequently by Cheshire in minor counties during the 1990s.
Cheshire's first match there in the 21st century came against Lincolnshire in a List A match in the 2000 NatWest Trophy, which Lincolnshire won. The ground held its final List A match in first round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy when Cheshire played the Lancashire Cricket Board, with the match held in 2001 to avoid fixture congestion in 2002. Cheshire won by 8 wickets. Cheshire played a total of seven List A match at the ground, winning two and losing five. Minor counties cricket returned in 2003, with Cheshire playing a single Minor Counties Championship match annually since then. Three MCCA Knockout Trophy matches have been played there since 2007, all with Devon as the opposition.
Records
List A
Highest team total: 306/2 (60 overs) by Hampshire v Cheshire, 1989
Lowest team total: 92 (36.5 overs) by Cheshire v Essex, 1998
Highest individual innings: 159 by Chris Smith for Hampshire v Cheshire, 1989
Best bowling in an innings: 5/8 by Graham Gooch for Essex v Cheshire, 1995
Gallery
See also
List of cricket grounds in England and Wales
References
External links
Boughton Hall Cricket Club Ground at CricketArchive
Boughton Hall Cricket Club Ground at ESPNcricinfo
Sport in Chester
Cricket grounds in Cheshire
Cheshire County Cricket Club
Sports venues completed in 1886
Blue Jacket Creek is a stream located entirely within Logan County, Ohio. The long stream is a tributary of Bokengehalas Creek.
Blue Jacket Creek was named after Blue Jacket, an Indian chief.
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
References
Rivers of Logan County, Ohio
Rivers of Ohio
Eudendrium tottoni is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1932
The Master of Andlau () is the notname given to an Alsatian Romanesque sculptor and their workshop, active in the middle of the 12th century.
The Master's name derives from the relief sculptures of the main portal and the frieze around Andlau Abbey church. Fragments of other works by the Master are housed in the Musée de l'Œuvre Notre-Dame in Strasbourg and in the Unterlinden Museum in Colmar.
Gallery
References
See also
Master of Eschau
People from Bas-Rhin
12th-century sculptors
Medieval German sculptors
The house at 52 Eighteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1895 and is a two-story clapboard-sided residence with a slate-covered hipped roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a raised front porch with lattice work and a two-story bay window.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1895
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Risi may refer to:
People
Bruno Risi (b. 1968), Swiss professional racing cyclist
Dino Risi (1916–2008), Italian film director
Giuliano De Risi (b. 1945), Italian journalist
Lucio de Risi (b. 1953), Italian electrical engineer
Nelo Risi (1920–2015), Italian poet and film director
Peter Risi (1950–2010), Swiss footballer
Umberto Risi (b. 1940), Italian steeplechase runner
Vittoria Risi (b. 1978), Italian pornographic actor
Places
Risi, Iran, a village in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran
Other uses
Risi Competizione, American auto racing team formed by Giuseppe Risi
Risi, in Old Norse, means "giant" and usually refers to a race of legendary beings called the Jötnar.
RISI, Repository of Industrial Security Incidents
RISI, Russian Institute for Strategic Research or Russian Institute for Strategic Studies
Ira Lawrence Baldwin (August 20, 1895 – August 9, 1999) was the founder and director emeritus of the Wisconsin Academy Foundation. They began teaching bacteriology at the University of Wisconsin in 1927 and a few years later moved into what became a career in administration. They held positions as chair of the Department of Bacteriology, dean of the Graduate School, dean and director of the College of Agriculture, university vice president for academic affairs, and special assistant to the president. They were also involved in programs for agricultural development both in the United States and abroad. Ira Baldwin wrote a hostile review of Rachel Carson's Silent Spring, titled "Chemicals and Pests," in the journal Science.
Biography
Early life and education
Ira Baldwin was born in 1895 on a 40-acre farm in Indiana. In their youth, they earned money to attend college by selling ducks and husking corn. They served state-side as a second lieutenant in an artillery unit. Baldwin attended college at Purdue and earned a Ph.D. at the University of Wisconsin.
Career
George W. Merck, a key member of the panel advising President Franklin D. Roosevelt on aspects of biological warfare, brought many scientists into uniform for a top secret, coordinated effort to defend against possible enemy use of biological weapons and to devise a capability to respond in kind to such an attack. Among them was Baldwin, then a professor of bacteriology at the University of Wisconsin. In 1943, Baldwin became the first scientific director of the U.S. Army Biological Warfare Laboratories at Camp Detrick, Maryland.
Baldwin and other scientists were called in for a secret meeting in Washington. After hearing that Germany and Japan were going to start the use of biological warfare, they were asked if it was possible for the United States to produce a substantial amount of their own biological agents. Baldwin responded with, "[I]f you could do it in a test tube, you could do it in a 10,000-gallon tank. If you get enough tanks I'm sure you will get tons." About a month after the meeting, Baldwin was individually called by Colonel William Kabrich of the Army's Chemical Warfare Service and asked if they would lead the project. Although it only took them a day to say yes, Baldwin went through a lot of thought processing as they assessed the moral ramifications of what they were about to do. What they said to Kabrich was, "you start out with the idea in war of killing people, and that to me is the immoral part of it. It doesn't make much difference how you kill them."
Baldwin found a site suitable for making the deadly microbes. It had to be close enough to Washington, but not too close. They chose an abandoned airfield in Maryland called Detrick Field, which later became known as Camp Detrick. Next, Baldwin hired a staff, recruiting many who had worked with them at the University of Wisconsin, along with other scientists and military personnel. At the end of the research, Baldwin and their crew had successfully produced a large amount of biological agent to use in warfare. Baldwin was most proud of the safety arrangements that came with the operation. Nothing went wrong, and everything came out as planned, if not better.
After World War II, Baldwin returned to the University of Wisconsin, becoming the vice president of academic affairs in 1948 and special assistant to the university's president a decade later. Even after they resigned as leader of the operation, Baldwin stayed active with the biological weapons program. They continued to be worried that opponents of the United States might try to subtly use microbes to harm the country. They therefore suggested many experiments, that ended up taking place, to test how certain places would be affected by possible environmental changes that come from biowarfare. They died a few days before their 104th birthday in 1999.  They are buried in Forest Hill Cemetery in Madison.
See also
Rachel Carson
References
External links
Institution-building and project planning, Ira L. Baldwin. Paper presented at: AID-CIC Conference on Institution Building and Technical Assistance (4-5 Dec 1969 : Washington, DC, US)
International developmental assistance : a statement by the Task Force on International Developmental Assistance and International Education, National Association of State Universities and Land-Grant Colleges, John A. Hannah, Ira L. Baldwin, et al., International Programs Office, National Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges (NASULGC), January 1969
PBS American Experience Weapons Pioneer
American centenarians
Men centenarians
American bacteriologists
People from Tucson, Arizona
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
American microbiologists
People related to biological warfare
Military medicine in the United States
Military personnel from Indiana
United States Army personnel of World War I
People from Indiana
1895 births
1999 deaths
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Petr Fuksa (born 28 September 1969 in Nymburk) is a Czech sprint and marathon canoeist who competed from 1996 to 2006. They won eleven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (C-4 200 m: 1998, 2006), seven silvers (C-2 200 m: 2002, 2003; C-4 200 m: 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005), and two bronze (C-2 200 m: 1997); C-4 200 m: 1997.
Fuksa also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, but was eliminated in the semifinal rounds in both the C-2 500 m and C-2 1000 m events. Their son Martin Fuksa is a world class canoeist as well, winning the C-1 500m at Moscow 2016 and competing at the Rio Olympic games.
Personal life
Fuksa is the father of Olympic canoeists Martin and Petr Fuksa Jr.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1969 births
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Czech male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of the Czech Republic
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
People from Nymburk
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
Rakshit Dagar (born 16 October 1992) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Jamshedpur in the Indian Super League.
Career
United Sikkim
Dagar made their debut for United Sikkim F.C. on 23 March 2013 during an I-League match against Prayag United S.C. at the Paljor Stadium in Gangtok, Sikkim in which they were in Starting 11; United Sikkim lost the match 0–1.
DSK Shivajians
Rakshit Dagar not play any I-League matches from DSK Shivajians but they played several matches in the Durand Cup, Federation Cup, and DSK CUP.
Minerva Punjab
In September 2017, Dagar make their move to the only I-League club from north India. As a part of Minerva Punjab FC Dagar is also in the Minerva Squad of Punjab League Where they played 2-3 matches till date (29-10-2017) and conceded not a single goal.
East Bengal
On 23 April 2018, Dagar joined East Bengal.
Gokulam Kerala
Dagar joined Gokulam Kerala on 9 July 2021. They played a crucial role as the club clinched I-League title in 2021–22 season, defeating Mohammedan Sporting 2–1 in the final game at the Salt Lake Stadium on 14 May, and became the first club in fifteen years to defend the title.
At the 2022 AFC Cup group-stage opener, Dagar and their side achieved a historic 4–2 win against Indian Super League side ATK Mohun Bagan.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Gokulam Kerala
I-League: 2021–22
References
External links
Indian footballers
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Delhi
Association football goalkeepers
I-League players
United Sikkim F.C. players
DSK Shivajians FC players
RoundGlass Punjab FC players
East Bengal Club players
Sudeva Delhi FC players
Calcutta Football League players
Gokulam Kerala FC players
Golden Valley County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 823, making it the third-least populous county in Montana. Its county seat is Ryegate.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.08%) is water. It is Montana's fifth-smallest county by area.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 12
Montana Highway 3
Adjacent counties
Fergus County – north
Musselshell County – east
Yellowstone County – southeast
Stillwater County – south
Sweet Grass County – southwest
Wheatland County – west
National protected area
Lewis and Clark National Forest (part)
Politics
The county has usually favored Republican candidates. The 2016 Democratic candidate only received 71 county votes, the lowest ever for a major party in the county in a presidential election. The last Democrat to win there was Lyndon Johnson in their 1964 landslide victory.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,042 people, 365 households, and 263 families in the county. The population density was <1/km2 (1/sq mi). There were 450 housing units at an average density of <1/km2 (<1/sq mi). The racial makeup of the county was 99.14% White, 0.58% Native American, 0.10% Asian, and 0.19% from two or more races. 1.25% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 44.4% were of German, 11.4% American, 8.2% Norwegian and 7.7% English ancestry. 88.5% spoke English and 11.1% German as their first language.
There were 365 households, out of which 26.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.80% were married couples living together, 3.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.90% were non-families. 24.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.85.
The county population contained 27.60% under the age of 18, 5.90% from 18 to 24, 23.00% from 25 to 44, 27.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 107.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,308, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $14,028 versus $19,063 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,573. About 16.50% of families and 25.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.40% of those under age 18 and 21.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 884 people, 363 households, and 239 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 476 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.0% white, 1.0% American Indian, 0.7% Asian, 2.1% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 38.9% were German, 19.5% were English, 18.4% were Irish, 10.1% were Polish, 9.0% were American, 7.3% were Danish, 6.4% were Dutch, and 6.2% were Norwegian.
Of the 363 households, 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.2% were non-families, and 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.68. The median age was 48.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,726 and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $27,938 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,319. About 3.4% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 5.8% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Towns
Lavina
Ryegate (county seat)
Census-designated place
Golden Valley Colony
Unincorporated communities
Barber
Belmont
Franklin
Lavina
See also
List of lakes in Golden Valley County, Montana
List of mountains in Golden Valley County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Golden Valley County, Montana
References
External links
Golden Valley County, Montana Website
1920 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1920
is a 2010 arcade rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for arcade machines. The game is a port of the 2009 video game, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA, with updated visuals and was released on June 23, 2010 in Japan with limited international release in countries such as Singapore. Like the original the game primarily makes use of Vocaloids, a series of singing synthesizer software, and the songs created using these Vocaloids, most notably, the virtual diva Hatsune Miku.
A sequel titled was released on November 21, 2013. Notable changes include upgraded graphics and physics, a Touch Slider panel for arrow-shaped notes and new songs, as well as running on the Sega Nu arcade board. The arcade game has been ported to PlayStation 4 under the title The game has been released digitally in two versions, Future Sound and Colorful Tone, along with a Prelude demo, on June 23, 2016 in Japan and January 10, 2017 in North America and Europe, with an definitive version with new tracks and modules, alongside all three DLC packs, entitled , was released phiscally and digitally in Japan on November 22, 2017., Nintendo Switch as Hatsune Miku: Project Diva MegaMix, also known in Japan and Asia as and Microsoft Windows as Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA MegaMix+, also known in Japan and Asia as .
Gameplay
As the game is a port of the PlayStation Portable games, the gameplay is relatively the same as the original. The signature PlayStation shaped buttons, cross, circle, square and triangle are now the 4 large buttons on the machine's panel, and players push those buttons to play the games. Unlike the handheld versions of the game, players can hold a button or buttons for an unlimited time when the game indicates to hold a certain note. This will allow players to receive a bonus which continually increases the score until the player releases one of the held button or a "Max Hold Bonus" is granted. Another difference is that multiple buttons can be hit at the same time up to all four buttons. The arcade version features songs from both Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA series and Hatsune Miku and Future Stars: Project Mirai, along with a variety of original songs not included in either of the handheld versions. The Promotional Videos (PVs) for the game, which are the videos playing in the background during a song have been updated and re-rendered for the game bearing a similar resemblance to the Dreamy Theater versions of the PVs. Players have the ability to choose from a reel of songs and select their difficulty before playing a song, similar to a Dance Dance Revolution arcade game. The four difficulties are Easy, Normal, Hard, and Extreme, as seen in Project DIVA 2nd. The PlayStation 4 version added arrow icons, using the singature PlayStation shaped button colors. Furthermore, Hatsune Miku: Project Diva MegaMix / Hatsune Miku: Project Diva Mega39's featured a newly re-tooled toon shader effect to match the anime visuals, along with new letter icons with a different color set to fit the singature four letter buttons on the Nintendo Switch (red A, orange B, green Y and blue X), Mix Mode, which allows the Joy-Con controllers, using the L/SL and R/SR buttons to the beat, and Touch Play, which uses the Nintendo Switch's touch screen instead of the controllers. In Hatsune Miku: Project Diva MegaMix+ / Hatsune Miku: Project Diva Mega39's+ allows the ability to switch between the two visual styles, as well as a new color set to letter button icons to match the signature Xbox letter buttons (red B, green A, blue X and yellow Y).
IC card function and Diva.Net
This arcade game utilizes an IC card function. Players can select to obtain a Project DIVA Arcade access card from any machine. This card will open more functions for use in Project DIVA Arcade, many of those functions resembling features in the hand-held games. With an access card, players will be able to save and load arcade data, select module outfits for use in the game, select a player name, and more. Vocaloid Points (VP) can also be accumulated through successful plays. VP can be used for gaining features, like modules, or changing player's name. Access cardholders can also participate in trials, similar to the console versions of Dance Dance Revolution. In these three-tier trials, named "Clear Trial", "Great Clear Trial", and "Perfect Clear Trial" by difficulty, the player must bet a certain amount of VP. If the player pass a trial, the VP will be kept, and receive the amount the player bet. If the trial is lost, the amount of VP bet is deducted from the total. Clearing "Perfect Clear Trial" will also net a large sum of VP.
Also, during Access Card creation, the game will ask the player to create a user name and password. This will be registered on the Internet and allows an Access cardholder to gain access to the "Project DIVA Arcade Diva.Net". Here, an Access cardholder can edit data and perform many and more of the functions that a Project DIVA Arcade machine can do. However, an Access cardholder must first accumulate 10 non-consecutive plays on any Project DIVA Arcade machine with an Internet connection before they can use many of Diva.Net's functions. Once 10 plays are accumulated, the Access cardholder will gain 30-day access to all Diva.Net's functions. Access to Diva.Net can only be performed this way, and one gains another 30 days of access every 10 plays. This "access" is known as a Diva.Net Right. Upon first play, a cardholder can automatically obtain a Diva.Net Right once. Losing one's Right does not affect the data, but the cardholder is unable to change it through Diva.Net until another Right is obtained.
Development
Project DIVA Arcade began development on the Virtua Fighter 5 engine, with a Hatsune Miku model being created in the engine with Dural as a base and then with the attributes changed to look like Miku instead. At the Summer 2009 Miku Festival, a prototype of Project DIVA Arcade was made using the Virtua Fighter 5 engine running on the Sega Lindbergh arcade board. Subsequently, the game became a full-fledged project at Sega. Development branched off from Virtua Fighter 5 and was transferred to the newer RingEdge arcade boards that then debuted as a prototype at a Spring 2010 Miku Fan event. Most changes made were with regards to the game's graphics and animation effects such as particles and motion blur.
Sega announced that Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA would be coming to arcades on October 5, 2009 and along with it a plea to fans to submit their own music for the game's track list. This was done between October 15 and October 31 where fans would upload their video to the Project DIVA Nico Nico Channel. These songs needed to be original songs and not remixes or variations of existing songs that were between 2 and a half minutes to 3 and a half minutes. The winners would then have their songs chosen by the game's development staff and then used in the release of the game. In addition, the website Piapro even held an event/contest for artists to submit their own created Vocaloid songs as well as illustrations for the game. Tripshots designed the machine which will include four buttons which has the same gameplay as its predecessor on the PSP.
Versions
Project DIVA Arcade
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade (2010)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Revision 1 (2010)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Revision 2 (2010)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Revision 3 (2010)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version A (2011)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version A Revision 1 (2011)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version A Revision 2 (2011)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version A Revision 3 (2011)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version A Revision 3.1 (2011)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version A Revision 4 (2012)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version B (2012)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version B Revision 1 (2012)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version B Revision 2 (2012)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Version B Revision 3 (2013)
Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone (2013)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Revision 1 (2013)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Revision 2 (2013)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Revision 3 (2014)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Revision 4 (2014)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Revision 5 (2014)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A (2014)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 1 (2014)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 2 (2015)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 3 (2015)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 4.1 (2015)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 5 (2015)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 6 (2016)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version A Revision 6.1 (2016)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version B (2016)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version B Revision 1 (2016)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version B Revision 2 (2016)
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone Version B Revision 3 (2016)
Project DIVA Future Tone
On September 15, 2015, during the SCEJA Press Conference at Tokyo Game Show 2015, Sega announced that the company was porting Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Arcade Future Tone to the PlayStation 4 under the title Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Future Tone. On May 27, 2016, a trailer for the game was released on the franchise's official YouTube channel, where it was revealed that the game would include two expansion packs available to download separately or together via the PlayStation Store; Future Sound and Colorful Tone. Future Sound contains songs originally featured in the mainstream Project DIVA games, while Colorful Tone contains songs originally featured in Project DIVA Arcade (some not included due to rights issues) and the Project Mirai games, as well as over 340 unlockable modules. A base demo software version of the game, Prelude, was also made available. In addition, the game supports a screen resolution of up to 4K at a refresh rate of 60 frames per second.
The game was released digitally on June 23, 2016 in Japan, with an international release following on January 10, 2017.
Songs
There is a total of 252 songs in the game as of March 2021. Many songs are songs from previous Project DIVA games, including Project Mirai. There are also songs exclusive to this game, including ones made from the Edit Mode in the games, animated PVs, and PVs made from Sega.
Songs with a light blue background are songs from previous games.
Songs with a pink background are animated PVs
Songs with an orange background are songs from previous games added after Future Tone update.
Songs with a yellow background are songs added after Future Tone update.
Reception
Project DIVA Future Tone won the award for "Best Rhythm/Music Game" at Game Informers Best of 2017 Awards, while it came in third place for the same category in their Reader's Choice Best of 2017 Awards. In addition, it was nominated for "Game, Music or Performance Based" at the National Academy of Video Game Trade Reviewers Awards.
Notes
References
External links
Official Site
2010 video games
Arcade video games
Music video games
PlayStation 4 games
Sega arcade games
Video games developed in Japan
Creative works using vocaloids
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Solène Marie Reine Durand (born 20 November 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Division 1 Féminine club Guingamp and the France national team.
Club career
Durand began their professional career at Montpellier HSC in 2009. They had previously played for Varennes-le-Grand (2000 to 2006) in Saône-et-Loire, before leaving for Chatenoy-le-Royal, where they played from 2006 to 2009.
In 2017, Durand joined Guingamp as the team's starting goalkeeper.
International career
In 2019, Durand was called up to the French national team, for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Player profile at 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup
MHSC player profile
1994 births
Living people
French women's footballers
France women's youth international footballers
Women's association football goalkeepers
Division 1 Féminine players
Montpellier HSC (women) players
En Avant Guingamp (women) players
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
People from Saint-Rémy, Saône-et-Loire
Sportspeople from Saône-et-Loire
Footballers from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Monaghan Mill, now the Lofts of Greenville, is a former textile mill (1900–2001) in Greenville, South Carolina, that in the early 21st century was converted into loft apartments. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Founding
Monaghan Mill was founded by Lewis Wardlaw Parker (1865-1916) and their cousin, Thomas Fleming Parker (1860-1926). Lewis Parker was born in Abbeville, South Carolina, and graduated from the College of South Carolina in 1885, and from its law school two years later. After teaching in Columbia, they practiced law in Greenville and there became president of the Bank of Greer. Thomas Fleming Parker was born in Charleston and attended the College of Charleston before moving to Greenville, where their father held shares in a group of cotton mills.
Because the Bank of Greer was the receiver for the Victor Manufacturing Company, in 1897, Lewis Parker reorganized it as well as the Whaley Mills of Columbia. In February 1900, Parker and their cousin Thomas organized Monaghan Mill and named it for County Monaghan, the birthplace of their grandfather Thomas Fleming. The Rhode Island firm of Lockwood, Greene & Co. built the mill, which opened in 1902 on 325 acres on the west side of Greenville near the Reedy River. The mill was capitalized at $450,000 and had 35,000 spindles.
Monaghan was successful from the beginning, producing "print cloths, fancy dress goods and shirtings," and "shade cloth." By 1907, Monaghan had increased its spindles to 60,000 and the capital in stock alone had increased to $700,000. The surge in textile manufacturing drew workers from other states and Europe to Greenville. For instance, Monaghan employed fifty Belgian immigrants, who lived at one of the mill's boarding houses.
In 1911, the Parker cousins merged the Victor and Whaley Mills, which they already owned, with the Olympia, Richland, Granby, and Capital City Mills of Columbia, and the Appalache Mills of Greer, to form the Parker Cotton Mills Company, which was capitalized at $15 million and operated over a million spindles, more than any other contemporary U.S. textile firm. The company collapsed in 1914 because of a lack of capital during a cotton panic that occurred at the outbreak of World War I. Lewis resigned the presidency of the company and practiced law until their death from cancer in 1916. Thomas eventually retired. The first successful cotton mill merger did not occur for another twenty years. In 1917, the former Parker mills were reorganized into the Victor-Monaghan Group, and were sold in 1946 to J. P. Stevens and Company.
Mill village
As president of Monaghan, Thomas Parker strove to make the mill a model of paternalistic management. Parker provided a community medical clinic and hired one of the best doctors in the area, as well as a nurse, to staff it. Parker also provided an elementary school, a playground, and a YMCA. The YMCA building alone cost $18,000 (easily ten times that much a century later) and was the first located in a southern mill town. As a director of the YMCA, Parker hired an unusually gifted young man, Lawrence Peter "Pete" Hollis, who eventually became a nationally recognized educator.
As early as 1904 Monaghan had its own baseball team; and in 1907, Monaghan joined the newly formed Greenville Cotton Mill Base Ball League. The Monaghan team provided both recreation and entertainment for workers, and the sense of pride that accompanied identification with a successful sports team increased worker loyalty.
As was typical in the southern textile industry, the Monaghan Mill and its mill village were largely self-sufficient. The mill had its own well, generated its own electricity, and had its own waste disposal collection. The company store sold most goods workers required. There was even a mill church, shared by Baptists and Methodists until those denominations built their own buildings. During the 1920s and '30s, mill president Thomas Marchant continued the paternalistic management of their predecessors, loaning money to mill workers for causes they deemed worthy and sponsoring social activities such as picnics and festivities on holidays like the Fourth of July.
Monaghan built two kindergartens and an elementary school. Because Greenville High School was overcrowded, charged tuition, and provided no transportation, mill executives lobbied for the creation of a new school district and offered to pay for the school themselves. Despite opposition and a suit that took the issue to the South Carolina Supreme Court, the Parker School District was created by the South Carolina legislature, and Parker High School opened in 1923. Pete Hollis organized the new district and became superintendent.
Depression, boom, and decline
During the Depression demand for textiles fell, and mills lowered wages and laid off workers. During the early 1930s, workers were able to work only three days every two weeks. The Roosevelt Administration hoped to institute a forty-hour week, but Marchant lobbied against the idea, traveling to Washington on multiple occasions to argue that Monaghan would "go plum broke on forty hours a week." Instead, management instituted what textiles workers called the "stretch-out," attempts to increase productivity by having employees work longer and more intensively for no additional pay. Nevertheless, Monaghan Mill continued to operate normally during the national textile workers strike of 1934 after union organizers found the mill gates locked and a troop of National Guardsmen stationed at the gate.
World War II brought increased demand, and Monaghan Mill produced cloth for uniforms. Nevertheless, following the war, its new owner, J. P. Stevens and Co. sold mill village houses as too expensive to maintain. Monaghan School burned down in 1954 and the YMCA was torn down in the late 1960s. Other facilities were closed, remodeled, or eliminated, such as the swimming pool and the baseball diamond.
Federal government intervention, combined with a growing shortage of white labor, helped desegregate the mills during the 1960s. Nevertheless, African-Americans faced resentment and often had difficulty gaining promotions. Many turned to lawsuits and political activism, including multiple actions against J. P. Stevens, challenging its hiring and promotion policies.
An increasingly global market that included cheaper foreign labor made American textile mills increasingly unprofitable. The former Monaghan mill village became more run down as workers left the area; some houses were left vacant and unkempt. In 1983, the Greenville County Redevelopment Authority began renovations, eventually repairing 134 homes, repaving numerous roads, and redeveloping the old Monaghan School site as the Parker Daycare Center.
Conversion to loft apartments
In 1988, Monaghan was sold to JPS Converter and Industrial Group, which operated the mill until its closing in 2001. In 2003, Capitol Development Corporation attempted to have the mill re-zoned for use as an apartment complex, but the Greenville County Council denied the request because of insufficient planning and concern about the flammability of the building. Another development company, Monaghan Mills LLC, purchased the property a year later with similar plans. This time rezoning was approved, and in 2004, the South Carolina legislature passed the Textile Communities Revitalization Act, which added an additional 25% tax credit to the 30-39% credit for buildings listed on the National Register. The $15 million Monaghan development received $10.2 million in tax credits.
The building reopened in October 2006 as The Lofts of Greenville, featuring 190 new, one-to-three bedroom apartment units reflecting the original industrial design of the mill through the "open floor plans, soaring . . . ceilings, exposed brick walls and pine beams, stained concrete and wood floors, arched windows, and exposed duct work." The facilities also included a fitness center, theater, pool, community garden, stocked ponds, fenced dog park, fire pits and charcoal grills, as well as hiking trails connected to the Swamp Rabbit Trail.
In October 2005, Monaghan Mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places as an industrial site with an architectural style described as Early Twentieth Century Revival. The property included the former mill, seventeen acres, and the original smokestack, water tower, and pond.
Photographs of the mill, village, and community can be accessed in the Greenville County Library System digital collections.
References
External links
The Lofts of Greenville web site
National Register of Historic Places in Greenville, South Carolina
Cotton mills in the United States
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Apartment buildings in South Carolina
Textile mills in South Carolina
Buildings and structures completed in 1902
Adenanthos glabrescens is a species of small shrub endemic to the Ravensthorpe area in southwest Western Australia. First published in 1978, there are two subspecies.
Description
Adenanthos glabrescens grows as an erect shrub up to 70 cm in height. It has pinkish red or cream flowers, with a perianth tube about 22 mm long, and a style about 35 mm long. Leaves are usually entire and oval-shaped, but may rarely by lobed. They grow to 25 mm in length, and about 6 mm wide.
The species is quite similar to A. dobsonii, but the leaves of A. dobsonii retain an indumentum of soft hairs both long and short, whereas those of A. glabrescens have an indumentum of short hairs only, which is soon lost.
Taxonomy
There are botanical collections attributable to this species dating back at least to 1924, but it was not until 1978 that Ernest Charles Nelson published the species in their comprehensive taxonomic revision of the genus. Nelson based the species on a type specimen collected by themselves from a sand ridge on the western edge of Lake King in 1973, giving it the specific epithet glabrescens, from the botanical term "glabrescent", meaning "losing hairs"; this is a reference to the leaf indumentum, which, unlike that of A. dobsonii, does not persist.
Nelson followed George Bentham in dividing Adenanthos into two sections, placing A. glabrescens into A. sect. Adenanthos because its perianth tube is fairly straight, and not swollen above the middle. They further divided the section into two subsections, with A. glabrescens placed into A. subsect. Adenanthos for reasons including the length of its perianth. However Nelson discarded their own subsections in their 1995 treatment of Adenanthos for the Flora of Australia series of monographs.
Two subspecies were recognised:
A. glabrescens subsp. glabrescens has long narrow leaves and a lignotuber. It occurs in deep siliceous sand in the vicinity of, and south of, Lake King.
A. glabrescens subsp. exasperatus has ovate leaves much like those of A. dobsonii, and lacks a lignotuber. It occurs in gravelly sand on rocky slopes, and is known only from two populations, one in the Fitzgerald River National Park, the other east of Ravensthorpe.
The placement and circumscription of A. glabrescens in Nelson's arrangement of Adenanthos may be summarised as follows:
Adenanthos
A. sect. Eurylaema (4 species)
A. sect. Adenanthos
A. drummondii
A. dobagii
A. apiculatus
A. linearis
A. pungens (2 subspecies)
A. gracilipes
A. venosus
A. dobsonii
A. glabrescens
A. glabrescens subsp. glabrescens
A. glabrescens subsp. exasperatus
A. ellipticus
A. cuneatus
A. stictus
A. ileticos
A. forrestii
A. eyrei
A. cacomorphus
A. flavidiflorus
A. argyreus
A. macropodianus
A. terminalis
A. sericeus (2 subspecies)
A. × cunninghamii
A. oreophilus
A. cygnorum (2 subspecies)
A. meisneri
A. velutinus
A. filifolius
A. labillardierei
A. acanthophyllus
The species is most closely related to A. dobsonii.
Distribution and habitat
Adenanthos glabrescens occurs only around Ravensthorpe in southwest Western Australia. It is known from populations are and south of Lake King, in the Fitzgerald River area, and east of Ravensthorpe. It grows in deep sand and gravelly sand, amongst scrub.
Cultivation
The species is in cultivation at the Australian National Botanic Gardens, but is otherwise little known to gardeners. It probably has little potential as a garden plant, though may be of use in rockery gardens.
References
External links
glabrescens
Eudicots of Western Australia
Pedro Pietri (March 21, 1944 – March 3, 2004) was a Nuyorican poet and playwright and one of the co-founders of the Nuyorican Movement. They were considered by some as the poet laureate of the Nuyorican Movement.
Early years
Pietri was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, however their family moved to New York City in 1947, when they were only three years old. They settled in the west side (Manhattanville) section of Manhattan where they and their siblings received their primary and secondary education. Pedro was greatly influenced by their aunt, who often recited poetry and on occasions put on theatrical plays in the First Spanish Methodist church in El Barrio. Pietri themselves started to write poems as a student at Haaren High School.
After graduating from high school, Pietri worked in a variety of jobs until they were drafted into the Army and sent to fight in the Vietnam War. The experiences that they faced in the Army and Vietnam, plus the discrimination that they witnessed while growing up in New York, were to become the main factors that would forge their personality and style of poetry.
"Puerto Rican Obituary"
Upon their discharge from the Army, Pietri affiliated themselves with a Puerto Rican Civil Rights activist group called the Young Lords. In 1969, they read for the first time their poem, "Puerto Rican Obituary". The New York Times obituary of Pedro Pietri noted that the poem "sketched the lives of five Puerto Ricans who came to the United States with dreams that remained unfulfilled. By turns angry, heartbreaking and hopeful, it was embraced by young Puerto Ricans, who were imbued with a sense of pride and nationalism."
Fellow Puerto Rican poet of the Nuyorican Movement Giannina Braschi, who performed with Pedro Peitri, pays homage to "Puerto Rican Obituary" and their sites their own obituary in their novel "United States of Banana." "Puerto Rican Obituary" is an epic poem published in 1973 by Monthly Review Press and widely considered Pietri's greatest work.
Nuyorican Poets Café
Pietri helped found the Nuyorican Movement together with Miguel Algarin, Miguel Piñero and Lucky Cienfuegos also founders of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. The Café is an institution where many New York Puerto Rican and Latino artists perform. Pietri wrote the play El Puerto Rican Embassy. The theme was that an island, which was neither an independent nation nor a state of the United States, should have an embassy. The idea for the play came from Pietri's nationalistic views. During the performance, they would sing "The Spanglish National Anthem" and hand out simulated "Puerto Rican passports" prepared in collaboration with Adál Maldonado.
Other works
Among their other works are: Invisible Poetry (1979), Traffic (1980), Plays (1982), Traffic Violations (1983), and The Masses are Asses (1988). Their writings have been published and included in the following anthologies: Inventing a Word: An Anthology of Twentieth Century Puerto Rican Poetry (ed. Julio Marzan, 1980), Illusions of a Revolving Door (1984), The Outlaw Bible of American Poetry (ed. Alan Kaufman, S.A. Griffin, 1999), The Prentice Hall Anthology of Latino Literature (ed. Eduardo del Rio, 2002) and many others. In August 2015, City Lights released Pedro Pietri: Selected Poetry, which gathers the most enduring and treasured work from their books—Puerto Rican Obituary, Traffic Violations, and Out of Order—and contains a generous selection of their previously unpublished writings.
Pietri not only wrote poetry but also recorded it. In 1979, Pietri came out with an LP entitled Loose Joints and later One Is a Crowd which were produced by Folkways Records., also recorded ! Aqui se Habla Español ! Pedro Peitri en casa Puerto Rico on discos Coqui LP 1203
It was during this time that Pietri was part of the Cultural Council Foundation CETA Artists Project in New York City, which ran from 1978-80. They worked with other poets and literary artists like Bob Holman, Nathan Whiting and N.H. Pritchard.
Pietri was a free spirit whose performances were nontraditional. In their irreverence toward religion, they called themselves Reverend, dressed in black and walked around with a large collapsible cross. In reaction to the romanticism of the community by groups like the Young Lords and others on the left, they wrote that "The Masses are Asses." In the first published collection of Nuyorican poetry (Nuyorican Poetry: An Anthology of Puerto Rican Words and Feelings edited by Miguel Algarín and Miguel Piñero in 1975), their contribution was a poem consisting entirely of punctuation marks. They would throw condoms at audiences during some of their performances. They were a nonconformist, constantly reminding the Movement of the importance of tolerance, intellectual freedom and not losing its humanity. Theirs was a unique voice, both in substance and style, to which failed attempts by all to imitate their reading of their "Puerto Rican Obituary" out loud readily attest.
The Pedro Pietri Papers, held at the Centro, Center for Puerto Rican Studies, City University of New York, "chronicle the extraordinarily creative, productive, and at times, anarchic life of one of the most original and innovative contemporary writers of the Puerto Rican community. They lend insight into the vast scope of Pietri's literary interests and endeavors, their collaborative relationships with other writers and their editorial process."
Later years
Pietri was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 2003. They went to Mexico to receive an alternative treatment for a year. On March 3, 2004, Pietri died en route from Mexico to New York. Funeral services were held in East Harlem at the historic First Spanish Methodist Church, which was taken over in 1969 by the Young Lords and renamed at the time as "The First People's Church" to provide free breakfast and other programs to the poor and working people of El Barrio. This is where, fittingly, Pietri first read in public their classic poem, "Puerto Rican Obituary", in support of the Lords' takeover of the church.
See also
Corsican immigration to Puerto Rico
List of Puerto Rican writers
Puerto Rican literature
Miguel Piñero, co-founder of Nuyorican Poets Cafe and of its literary movement
Giannina Braschi, leading lady of Nuyorican culture and author of Spanglish novel Yo-Yo Boing!
Miguel Algarín, founder of Nuyorican Poets Cafe and co-founder of its literary movement
Braschi's Empire of Dreams
References
Further reading
Dalleo, Raphael, and Elena Machado Sáez. "Periodizing Latino/a Literature Through Pedro Pietri's Nuyorican Cityscapes." The Latino/a Canon and the Emergence of Post-Sixties Literature. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2007. 17–44. https://web.archive.org/web/20131029193238/http://www.post-sixties.com/.
González, Ray. Ed. Currents from the dancing river: contemporary Latino fiction, nonfiction, and poetry. New York: Harcourt Brace, 1994.
Hathaway, Heather, Josef Jarab, and Jeffrey Melnick. Eds. Race and the modern artist. New York: Oxford University Press, 2003.
Hernandez, Carmen Dolores. Puerto Rican voices in English: interviews with writers. Westport: Praeger, 1997.
Marzán, Julio. Ed. Inventing a word: an anthology of twentieth-century Puerto Rican poetry. New York: Columbia University Press, 1980.
Reyes, Israel. Humor and the eccentric text in Puerto Rican literature. Gainesville: University Press of Florida, 2005.
External links
Monthly Review
Democracy Now! Tribute
Nuyorican Obituary
Tribute by Frances R. Aparicio
Read Puerto Rican Obituary
Read "El Spanglish National Anthem"
View Current TV's program on Nuyorican culture. (https://web.archive.org/web/20090219001002/http://current.com/items/88836867/nuyorican_power.htm)
Puerto Rican Obituary.Spanish.Translation by Raúl Racedo
1944 births
2004 deaths
Poets from Ponce
Puerto Rican people of Corsican descent
Deaths from stomach cancer
Puerto Rican poets
Puerto Rican male writers
Puerto Rican dramatists and playwrights
Puerto Rican Army personnel
United States Army soldiers
Young Lords
20th-century American poets
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American male writers
Haaren High School alumni
21st-century dramatists and playwrights
American Spanish-language writers
Robert Sloman (c. 1898 – December 1970) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s. They played club level rugby union (RU) or Plymouth Albion, and representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Oldham (Heritage No. 210) (captain), as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Bob Sloman was born in Plymouth, Devon, England, and they died aged 72 in
Plymouth, Devon, England
Playing career
International honours
Bob Sloman won caps for England while at Oldham in 1923 against Wales, in 1924 against Other Nationalities, in 1925 against Wales, in 1926 against Wales, in 1928 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Oldham in 1928 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches).
Bob Sloman was selected for Great Britain while at Oldham for the 1924 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, they did not play in any of the Test matches on this tour.
Championship Final appearances
Bob Sloman played right-, i.e. number 12, in Oldham's 2–13 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1921–22 season at The Cliff, Broughton on Saturday 6 May 1922, in front of a crowd of 26,700.
County League appearances
Bob Sloman played in Oldham's victory in the Lancashire County League during the 1921–22 season.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Bob Sloman played left-, i.e. number 11, in Oldham's 4–21 defeat by Wigan in the 1923–24 Challenge Cup Final during the 1923–24 season at Athletic Grounds, Rochdale on Saturday 12 April 1924, in front of a crowd of 12,000. played left-, i.e. number 11, in the 16–3 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1924–25 Challenge Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds, in front of a crowd of 41,831, played right-, i.e. number 12, in the 3–9 defeat by Swinton in the 1925–26 Challenge Cup Final during the 1925–26 season at Athletic Grounds, Rochdale, in front of a crowd of 28,500, and played left-, i.e. number 11, and scored a try in the 26–7 victory over Swinton in the 1926–27 Challenge Cup Final during the 1926–27 season at Central Park, Wigan, in front of a crowd of 27,800.
County Cup Final appearances
Bob Sloman played left-, i.e. number 11, in Oldham's 10–0 victory over St Helens Recs in the 1924 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at The Willows, Salford on Saturday 22 November 1924, in front of a crowd of 15,000.
Club career
Bob Sloman changed rugby football codes from rugby union to rugby league when they transferred from Plymouth Albion R.F.C. to Oldham during August 1921.
References
External links
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Bob Sloman - Genial all-rounder who coupled a career at The Sunday Times with writing for Dr Who and the West End stage
1890s births
1970 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C. captains
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Plymouth Albion R.F.C. players
Rugby league players from Devon
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby union players from Plymouth, Devon
Tonyn was launched at Newfoundland in 1779 as Plato. Plato was renamed to Tonyn in 1781. They then traded with North America and as a West Indiaman. From 1797 they made two voyages as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. They were captured and recaptured in 1798 on their first voyage, and sunk on their second circa 1800 as they were returning home.
Career
Tonyn was launched as Plato and renamed in 1781. Missing pages in extant issues of Lloyd's Register (LR) has resulted in their first appearing in LR in 1781.
Because a second , and a third , also of about 200 tons (bm), were sailing out of Liverpool, there was some initial confusion between the three vessels.
1st slave voyage (1797–1798): Captain Thomas Smith acquired a letter of marque on 15 April 1797. They sailed from Liverpool on 12 May, bound for Calabar. Tonyn arrived at St Croix on 16 December with 314 slaves.
Tonyn apparently sailed from St Croix to Calabar. There they picked up a cargo of palm oil and "elephant's teeth" (ivory tusks). On 14 March 1798 the French privateer Buonaparte captured them Then on 21 March a squadron under the command of Captain Sir John Borlase Warren, in the 74-gun third rate , and including and , recaptured Tonyn. Tonyn, Smith, master, prize to Canada, arrived at Plymouth on 29 March. They arrived back at Liverpool on 6 May. By the time they arrived at Plymouth, only one of their original crew remained aboard Tonyn. They had sailed from Liverpool with 29 crew members and had suffered eight crew deaths on their voyage.
2nd slave voyage (1798–1799): Captain James Towers sailed from Liverpool on 21 November 1798, bound for the Congo River. Tonyn arrived at Kingston on 22 August 1799 with 299 slaves, having first stopped at Martinique. They may have embarked 326.
Fate
In January 1800 Lloyd's List reported that Tonyn, Towers, master, had been sunk in Waterford harbour after having been run into. They had been on their way from Jamaica to Liverpool. They had left Liverpool with 38 crew members and they had suffered 16 crew deaths on their voyage. Them entry in the 1800 volume of the Register of Shipping carried the annotation "Lost".
Note
Citations
References
1779 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Captured ships
Liverpool slave ships
Maritime incidents in 1800
Sclerodoris worki is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Description
The maximum recorded body length is 50 mm.
Ecology
Minimum recorded depth is 0 m. Maximum recorded depth is 0 m.
References
External links
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1967
Taxa named by Eveline Du Bois-Reymond Marcus
Taxa named by Ernst Marcus (zoologist)
Summerhill is an area of the city of Aberdeen, in the north-east of Scotland, United Kingdom.
References
Areas of Aberdeen
Atanas Kirov (, 24 September 1946 – 27 January 2017) was a Bulgarian bantamweight weightlifter. They were a three-time World Champion, winning the bantamweight title consecutively from 1973-75. Kirov won four European titles, winning the bantamweight class in 1969 and 1973-75. They also earned a World silver medal in 1969. Kirov set two official world records in the total, with 257.5 kg in September 1973 in Havana, Cuba; and 260.0 kg in February 1974 in their hometown of Burgas. For their achievements they were made an honorary citizen of Burgas. Kirov was responsible for starting the long-line of great Bulgarian lifters, especially in the lighter classes. They were born on September 24, 1946 in Burgas. They began competing in 1962 at the Chernomorets Club with coach Ilya Babachev, later transferred to Neftochimic Burgas. Only a 156 cm tall competitor, fitting perfectly into the bantam scales, they dominated the home scene for a decade. At the 1968 Olympics they took 7th place (335 kg). Then came September 1969 and the World and European Championships in Warsaw. 14 competitors took part in the bantam. The press was won by Földi with 125 kg, Kirov was third with 107.5 kg. The snatch was dominated by Trebicki (107.5 kg), second was Földi with 105 kg and Kirov registered 102.5 kg. In the clean and jerk Földi and Trebicki got zero and dropped, Kirov lifted 137.5 kg and that was enough for the European title (347.5 kg). They were second in the world behind Mohamed Nassiri (360 kg). In the World Championships in 1971 Kirov finished 5th (352.5 kg). At the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich they were fourth with a Bulgarian record of 362.5 kg. Between 1973 and 1975, Kirov won the World Championships and started the era of domination of Bulgarian weightlifting: 1973 (110 + 147.5 = 257.5 kg), 1974 (110 + 145 = 255 kg) and 1975 (110 + 145 = 255 kg). Their last World championships was in Stuttgart 1977 when they finishеd 9th. They competed in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and placed seventh and fifth, respectively.
References
1946 births
2017 deaths
Bulgarian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Bulgaria
Weightlifters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
20th-century Bulgarian people
21st-century Bulgarian people
Ivaylazda () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 70 as of 2010.
Geography
Ivaylazda is located 44 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kunada River. Basar and Baldutl are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Brachiosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur.
Brachiosaurus may also refer to:
9954 Brachiosauruses, an asteroid
See also
Branchiosaurus, a Palaeozoic amphibian
Edward Grimston (1600–1624), of Bradfield Hall, Essex, was an English Member of Parliament.
Grimston was the eldest son of Sir Harbottle Grimston, 1st Baronet. Their great-uncle was the Ipswich MP, Edward Grimston. Grimston was educated at Clare College, Cambridge University in 1616 and Emmanuel College, Cambridge in 1617, with a BA 1618/19. They went to Gray's Inn in 1619. They married Magdalen née Marsham, a daughter of Thomas Marsham of Milk Street, London, and had one son and one daughter. They were buried 28 April 1624.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Harwich in 1621.
References
1600 births
1624 deaths
17th-century English people
People from Essex
People of the Stuart period
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707)
Louis Cattiaux (17 August 1904 – 16 July 1953) was a French painter and poet.
Biography
Louis Cattiaux was born in Valenciennes on 17 August 1904. They lost their mother at a very young age and was raised by their older sister. In 1914, they were evacuated with their sister to the Paris region and entered the Hanley boarding school. In 1922, they prepared their admission to the “Arts et Métiers” in Paris.
In 1928, they spent some time in Dahomey (Benin) as an employee of a commercial company. Then, they devoted themselves more and more to painting. They began to associate with the avant-garde Parisian literary and artistic circles of the time. In 1932, they married Henriette Péré with whom they settled at n° 3 rue Casimir-Périer in Paris, where they opened an art gallery called Gravitations, in honour of the poet Jules Supervielle.
In 1934, they signed the manifesto Transhylisme with such painters as Jean Lafon, Pierre Ino, Jean Marembert, and poets as Louis de Gonzague Frick and Jules Supervielle. From 1936 onwards, they became more and more interested in alchemy. They then almost completely abandoned the practice of painting to devote themselves to writing their book Le Message Retrouvé ou l'Horloge de la Nuit et du Jour de Dieu (The Message Rediscovered or the Clock of God's Night and Day).
Louis Cattiaux died in Paris on 16 July 1953, following a spleen illness.
Literary work
In 1938, Cattiaux started work on a series of maxims or aphorisms "encapsulating the inspiration of a friendly muse", and gives them the title of Le Message Perdu (The Lost Message). Over a number of years, while not neglecting their painting, they continue writing the book. By 1946, considering the work to be finished, they publish it at their own expense under the title of The Message Rediscovered. Made up of twelve chapters, it comprises all the aphorisms that reflect their hermetic experience, numbered by verses and divided in two columns.
It was at this time that they began to write their Physics and Metaphysics of Painting. In 1947, they began a correspondence with Jean Rousselot and René Guénon. Thanks to a review by Guénon on The Message Rediscovered published in 1948 in the journal Études Traditionnelles, Louis Cattiaux got in touch in 1949 with Emmanuel d'Hooghvorst, author of Le Fil de Pénélope. This marked the beginning of an intense relationship between them and with Charles d'Hooghvorst, Emmanuel's younger brother, whom they met in May 1949.
In 1951, Louis Cattiaux published an obituary to René Guénon in Théophile Briant's poetic journal Le Goéland. They said in it: “He truly prepared the ways of the Lord by recalling the universal transcendence of divine revelation, and by denouncing, without ever weakening, the two perversions of God's Science, that is the tenebrous occultism on the one hand, and the profane science on the other, which overwhelm the present world.” They end their eulogy with these words: “René Guénon is not dead and their work only comes to the world, despite the extraordinary modesty they have always shown in all matters concerning the disclosure of their personality. I do not think I am betraying their thought by letting it be expressed through a few excerpts from their letters in this friendly journal. Having constantly illuminated the source of revealed life, it is right and proper that life should now illuminate them with its sweet and true light.”
In 1954, Les Poèmes du fainéant et les poèmes alchimiques, tristes, zen, d'avant, de la résonance, de la connaissance by Louis Cattiaux were published by Le Cercle du Livre. Also in 1954, excerpts from their essay on the Physics and Metaphysics of Painting were published in a Swiss journal, Les Cahiers Trimestriels Inconnues n° 96, as well as an article by Emmanuel d'Hooghvorst entitled “Le Message Prophétique de Louis Cattiaux.”
In 1956, the Message Rediscovered was published in its entirety for the first time by Éditions Denoël.
Currently, Louis Cattiaux's literary works total more than twenty editions (with many reprints and translations of The Message Rediscovered). It is translated into Castilian, Catalan, English, Italian, Portuguese, German.
In 1999, a lecture dedicated to Cattiaux and The Message Rediscovered was held at the Sorbonne as part of the Canseliet Colloquium.
The Message Rediscovered
In 1946, Louis Cattiaux published the first twelve chapters of The Message Rediscovered on their own account, with a preface by Lanza del Vasto. Then they continued to add new chapters (which they called “books”) until their death.
In September 1948, René Guénon published, in the issue 270 of the journal Études Traditionnelles, a review of The Message Rediscovered, which they concluded in these terms: “We do not know what ‘specialists' of hermeticism, if any are still really competent, can think of this book, and how they will appreciate it; but what is certain is that it is far from being indifferent and that it deserves to be read and studied with care by all those who are interested in this aspect of the tradition.”
In 1956, the first complete edition was published by Denoël in Paris, with a presentation to the reader by Emmanuel and Charles d'Hooghvorst. A second edition was published in 1978 in Brussels. At the same time, various translations are published in Spain, Italy, Germany, Brazil, etc.
The Message Rediscovered is written in the form of sentences or verses arranged on two columns (in some cases, three) and divided into 40 books or chapters. This book, which took the author fifteen years to write, is the result of their spiritual experience. Each chapter is preceded by two epigraphs and followed by two hypographs from the Holy Scriptures of all nations. The Message Rediscovered is Louis Cattiaux's masterpiece.
These aphorisms or verses deal with different subjects, each independently, while forming a homogeneous whole on fundamental human issues. The Message Rediscovered makes use of a particular language, it does not develop any subject systematically, but uses maxims.
Works translated into English
Cattiaux, Louis, The Message Rediscovered, Grez-Doiceau, Éditions Beya, 2006.
Cattiaux, Louis, Physics and Metaphysics of Painting, Grez-Doiceau, Éditions Beya, 2012.
The Collected Letters of Louis Cattiaux, Grez-Doiceau, Éditions Beya, 2013.
References
1904 births
1953 deaths
20th-century French male writers
20th-century French poets
French male painters
French male poets
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
People from Valenciennes
The Commission on Government Security, commonly known as the Wright Commission, was a bipartisan group established by a statute of the United States government in 1955 to investigate government policies with respect to secrecy. It was named for its chairperson Loyd Wright, a former president of the American Bar Association, whom the Commission's 12 members elected to that position.
History
President Dwight D Eisenhower and the two houses of Congress each named four members. Those appointed by Vice President Richard Nixon on behalf of the Senate were Senators John C. Stennis and Norris Cotton, Loyd Wright, and Susan B. Riley, a Tennessee professor of education and the only woman. The Speaker of the House named Representatives William M. McCulloch and Francis E. Walter, James L. Noel Jr., a Texas attorney, and Edwin L. Mechem, former Governor of New Mexico. President Eisenhower named former Attorney General James P. McGranery, Franklin D. Murphy, chancellor of the University of Kansas, Assistant Secretary of Defense Carter L. Burgess, and Under Secretary of Commerce Louis S. Rothschild.
Senators Stennis and Hubert Humphrey authored the resolution that established the Commission. Representative Walter sponsored it in the House of Representatives.
The Commission called its report "the first complete and detailed study" of the government's restrictions on access to information and the prosecution of those found to violate those restrictions.
Its report made a distinction between offenses based in disloyalty and lapses in security:
Report
It noted:
Senator Daniel Moynihan summarized the Commission's report in 1997:
Notes
Wright Commission on Government Secrecy
United States government secrecy
United States national commissions
Reports of the United States government
United States documents
1955 establishments in the United States
1957 disestablishments in the United States
Public inquiries in the United States
Haggerston may refer to:
Haggerston, Northumberland, village
Haggerston Castle, castle at Haggerston, Northumberland, England
Haggerston Baronets
Haggerston, place in the London Borough of Hackney
Haggerston (ward), ward in the London Borough of Hackney
Haggerston (UK Parliament constituency), former borough constituency centred on the Haggerston district of the Metropolitan Borough of Shoreditch in London
Haggerston Island, island in Queensland, Australia
Roubani Kaambi is the current Permanent Representative of the Comoros to the United Nations.  They are also the Ambassador to the Canada, Cuba and the United States. Ambassador Kaambi is the current Diplomatic High Steward of EUCLID (Euclid University).
Education and career
They were before the Communications Adviser to the President of the Union of the Comoros between 2004 and 2006. From 2003 to 2004, they were the Government's Adviser on relations with ministerial secretaries general. In 1994, Mr. Kaambi was Chief of Staff to the Prime Minister, Secretary General of the Government, and President of the Support Commission for Institutional Reform in Public Administration.
They have also served as Minister for Justice and Government Spokesman in 1993, with additional responsibilities for labour and employment, and relations with the parliament, among other duties.
Ambassador Kaambi was also a professor of law at the University of the Comoros from 2006 to 2011.
Mr. Kaambi holds doctorates in public law, as well as in history, culture and societal organization from the University of Strasbourg, France, and is a graduate of the National School of Public Administration in Morocco.
External links
http://www.un.int/comoros
http://www.comorosembassy.org/
References
Comorian diplomats
Ambassadors of the Comoros to the United States
Ambassadors of the Comoros to Canada
Ambassadors of the Comoros to Cuba
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
In algebraic geometry, Bloch's higher Chow groups, a generalization of Chow group, is a precursor and a basic example of motivic cohomology (for smooth varieties). It was introduced by Spencer Bloch and the basic theory has been developed by Bloch and Marc Levine.
In more precise terms, a theorem of Voevodsky implies: for a smooth scheme X over a field and integers p, q, there is a natural isomorphism
between motivic cohomology groups and higher Chow groups.
Motivation
One of the motivations for higher Chow groups comes from homotopy theory. In particular, if are algebraic cycles in which are rationally equivalent via a cycle , then can be thought of as a path between and , and the higher Chow groups are meant to encode the information of higher homotopy coherence. For example,can be thought of as the homotopy classes of cycles whilecan be thought of as the homotopy classes of homotopies of cycles.
Definition
Let X be a quasi-projective algebraic scheme over a field (“algebraic” means separated and of finite type).
For each integer , define
which is an algebraic analog of a standard q-simplex. For each sequence , the closed subscheme , which is isomorphic to , is called a face of .
For each i, there is the embedding
We write for the group of algebraic i-cycles on X and for the subgroup generated by closed subvarieties that intersect properly with for each face F of .
Since is an effective Cartier divisor, there is the Gysin homomorphism:
,
that (by definition) maps a subvariety V to the intersection
Define the boundary operator which yields the chain complex
Finally, the q-th higher Chow group of X is defined as the q-th homology of the above complex:
(More simply, since is naturally a simplicial abelian group, in view of the Dold–Kan correspondence, higher Chow groups can also be defined as homotopy groups .)
For example, if is a closed subvariety such that the intersections with the faces are proper, then
and this means, by Proposition 1.6. in Fulton's intersection theory, that the image of is precisely the group of cycles rationally equivalent to zero; that is,
the r-th Chow group of X.
Properties
Functoriality
Proper maps are covariant between the higher chow groups while flat maps are contravariant. Also, whenever is smooth, any map from is covariant.
Homotopy invariance
If is an algebraic vector bundle, then there is the homotopy equivalence
Localization
Given a closed equidimensional subscheme there is a localization long exact sequencewhere . In particular, this shows the higher chow groups naturally extend the exact sequence of chow groups.
Localization theorem
showed that, given an open subset , for ,
is a homotopy equivalence. In particular, if it has pure codimension, then it yields the long exact sequence for higher Chow groups (called the localization sequence).
References
Peter Haine, An Overview of Motivic Cohomology
Vladmir Voevodsky, “Motivic cohomology groups are isomorphic to higher Chow groups in any characteristic,” International Mathematics Research Notices 7 (2002), 351–355.
Algebraic geometry
Adventures in Your Own Backyard is the fourth studio album by Canadian musician Patrick Watson, released in April 2012. It is the band's follow-up to the Polaris Music Prize-nominated 2009 release Wooden Arms, but by comparison is a musically simpler and more emotional album.
Recording and production
Adventures in Your Own Backyard was recorded almost entirely in a home studio next door to Watson's apartment in the Plateau neighbourhood of Montreal, Quebec. The location was chosen for several reasons: the band wanted to return to the city after several years of touring, they felt that they would produce their best work by avoiding the time constraint and stress of recording in a professional studio, and it also allowed Watson to care for their two young children in between recording sessions. According to drummer Robbie Kuster, the relaxed and informal environment "really let [the band] dig in to the writing and the arranging" of the album. However, the album's title refers to more than just the physical location of where it was recorded; as Watson explains,
Though the band is named after its lead singer, Watson, they maintain that "when people say 'Patrick Watson' I don't think of me... I think of an entity" and has cited the track "Morning Sheets" as an example of a song whose tune was written by someone else (Kuster and Mishka Stein).
Release
In 2011, the band had already revealed that they planned to release an album sometime in the next year, but the title, track listing, release dates and tour dates were not officially announced until January 25, 2012. The track "Into Giants" was also released for streaming online and later officially made available for purchase as a single on February 21, 2012. In anticipation of the album's release, American music magazine Paste named Patrick Watson one of "10 International Acts to Watch for in 2012".
On March 15, the band played at the South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival in Austin, Texas, where Rolling Stone magazine named them among the 25 "can't-miss acts" of the festival. National Public Radio hosts Bob Boilen and Robin Hilton were in attendance and reacted very favourably to the band's performance; Hilton was moved to tears by what they called a "magical" moment that was their "most profound... of the day", while Boilen called it the best show of the festival and predicted the album would be one of the best of 2012.
The album's launch was supported by three sold-out concerts at the Corona Theatre in Montreal on April 15, 16, and 17. A music video for "Into Giants", directed by Brigitte Henry, was released on April 24, 2012.
Web series
To accompany the album, the band will release a series of web videos described by Watson as a collection of "stories in people's backyards". The videos will combine musical performances as well as documentary elements and are inspired by American filmmaker David Lynch's 2009 web series Interview Project. The first video, released on April 16, was shot in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec during the Emerging Music Festival (French: Festival de musique émergente) in September 2011. It features an interview with a local restaurateur Conrad Morasse as well as a small outdoor concert by the town's train tracks.
Release history
Music and lyrics
The songs of Adventures in Your Own Backyard are described as "boisterous and pretty, alive and roaming, fairytales with Watson's skimming falsetto", and continue in the band's signature style of cinematic and orchestral pop. Like the band's previous release, Wooden Arms, the album contains a few unusual instruments, including a glass marimba on one track, but in general features less of the experimental sound, opting instead for "an eloquent, perhaps deceptive, simplicity" and more mature production. According to Watson, the album is much subtler and "a bit more grounded, less airy... still kind of dreamy but with its feet on the ground", and they expressed a desire for their audience to focus more on the emotions behind the music than simply on the instruments used in its creation. They also expressed a certain dissatisfaction with the previous album, saying that singing its songs didn't give them the "melodic goosebumps", and for this album wanted to write songs that just "felt really good to sing".
Writing for The Globe and Mail, music critic Brad Wheeler noted the band's stylistic changes, calling Adventures in Your Own Backyard "a dreamy bath of chamber-pop and fancy cabaret, less clacky without the kitchen-utensil or bike-wheel percussion of Wooden Arms and slightly more grounded than Close to Paradise". It was also described by another critic as a "pensive and downtempo affair", with "slow-burning melodies [that] take entire songs to ignite memorable hooks".
Thematically, the album was inspired by the concept of home, and especially the group's native province of Quebec. The track "Strange Crooked Road" contains stories from the family of a friend of the band, while "Words in the Fire" was written at a campfire in northern Quebec. In addition, the album's lyrics were intended to provoke the listener into taking a second look at the world around them, which Watson explains by saying,
Reception
Adventures in Your Own Backyard mostly received positive reviews from critics. Olivier Robillard Laveaux of Voir called it "magnificent" and "a success in every way", while Bernard Perusse of The Gazette called it "another haunting, atmospheric gem that doesn't base its resonance on singsong hooks" and "somewhat unsettling, often dreamlike, but never predictable and always challenging". Jian Ghomeshi of the CBC Radio One show Q called it a "really beautiful record" and predicted that it would garner the band a lot of attention.
However, Dave Simpson of The Guardian gave the album a mixed review, calling it "pretty stuff, with breathtaking production which doesn't quite conceal a shortage of strong songs" and saying that the album "doesn't land enough killer blows". This opinion was echoed by Chris Bilton of The Grid, who said that though the album contains "worthy sonic adventures", few of them are "memorable enough to get stuck in your head".
The album was named as a longlisted nominee for the 2012 Polaris Music Prize on June 14, 2012.
Commercial performance
Adventures in Your Own Backyard was the top-selling album on the Canadian iTunes Store for the week ending on April 22. The album debuted at number two on the Canadian Albums Chart with 14,670 copies sold. On June 28, 2012, the album was certified gold by Music Canada, for shipping over 40,000 copies nationwide.
Track listing
"Lighthouse" – 4:46
"Blackwind" – 3:54
"Step Out for a While" – 4:03
"The Quiet Crowd" – 3:56
"Into Giants" – 4:28
"Morning Sheets" – 3:24
"Words in the Fire" – 3:53
"The Things You Do" – 3:58
"Strange Crooked Road" – 3:43
"Noisy Sunday" – 4:01
"Adventures in Your Own Backyard" – 4:51
"Swimming Pools" – 2:54
iTunes Store bonus track
"The Things We Do" – 4:44
Personnel
Simon Angell – guitar
Robbie Kuster – drums
Mishka Stein – bass
Patrick Watson – vocals, piano
References
External links
Official website
2012 albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Patrick Watson (musician) albums
Henry Kaleialoha Allen is a Hawaiian steel guitarist and singer.
Biography
Allen was born June 11, 1933 in Hilo, Hawaii In 1941 their family relocated to Honolulu. Allen graduated from President William McKinley High School in 1952. They began their professional career working in Hawaiian hotels, joining the musicians union in 1953 and working with Alfred Apaka. They then moved to Los Angeles in 1956 where they studied jazz. They moved back to Hawaii at the urging of Apaka, setting up a company entitled Polynesian Promotions in Lahaina on the island of Maui. In the 1970s they worked for the Kaanapali, Hawaii Hilton, producing music for dining and for evening dancing. They also produced music for the Royal Lahaina Resor, the Sheraton Maui, and the Westin Maui. They opened a Planet Hollywood in Maui in 1995. In 2015 Allen received the Lifetime Achievement Award presented by the Hawai'i Academy of Recording Arts while simultaneously receiving from the Hawaii State Senate a resolution of congratulations.
Career
Allen plays steel guitar and sings. They have toured internationally, achieving particular popularity in Japan. They compose and arranges Hawaiian music. For their production company they produce and directs "Polynesian spectaculars". They perform on a Fender double Stringmaster. They performed for various television series, including Barnaby Jones, Hawaiian Eye and Mama's Family, and regularly appeared on the QVC shopping channel. They have released at least three albums, Blue Hawaii, Magic of Steel Guitar, and Memories of Hawaii. They have worked with such artists as Alfred Apaka and Martin Denny.
References
1933 births
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
American male guitarists
Living people
Musicians from Hawaii
Steel guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Sushmita Banerjee is a Kathak exponent, choreographer and dance researcher from India. Sushmita has been under the guidance of Pandit Vijay Shankar and Smt. Maya Chatterjee briefly learned from Pandit Birju Maharaj.
 They are a graded artiste of Doordarshan and is an empanelled artist of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations. Sushmita has revived the Katha Shaili of Kathak under the able guidance of Padma Vibhushan Pandit Birju Maharaj. They were featured in Swarthmore College professor Pallibi Chakrevorty's book, "Bells of Change" for their contribution to Kathak and Indian classical dance.
Educational background
Sushmita graduated with a bachelor's degree in English literature from Loreto College in Kolkata. They also went on to receive their master's degree in English literature from Calcutta University.
Performances
Sushmita has performed in major festivals all over India and the world. They were invited by UNESCO to present their choreographic works in Tokyo in 2007. They had visited Japan previously in 1992 - 1993 to present Kathak in its original richness and complex form. Sushmita has performed in other international cultural venues such as:
Rietburg Museum, Zürich
Ubersee Museum, Bremen
Belgrade Television, Belgrade
Vasanta Utsav, Erstwhile U.S.S.R
Windows of the world, Beijing
Festival of India, Bangkok
Nehru Center, London
I.C.C.R Tours, Muscat
Ramayana Conference, Trinidad and Tobago
U.C. Berkeley and UCLA, Berkeley and Los Angeles
Kansas State University, Manhattan
Ramayan Conference, Durban
Bali Arts Festival, Bali
Teaching
Sushmita Banerjee's gurukul in Kolkata welcomes students from different parts of the world such as U.S.A, Germany, Kuwait, Switzerland, Russia, Spain and Holland. Sushmita along with their students from Geneva's Ateliers d' Ethnomusicologie have staged several productions in Geneva and Kerala. Sushmita recently started The Kerala Gharana, a platform for learning, teaching and sharing of Indian dance and culture. Sushmita is also closely associated with cultural organisation, SPICMACAY. They conduct workshops around India in educational institutions like schools and universities. Them association with SPICMACAY has enabled them to work with gifted children from all around India.
Awards and honours
Sushmita Banerjee has been honoured with
Emeritus Fellowship - Ministry of Culture & Human Resources, Government of India
One of the top 100 ICONIC Artists of 2021 by SCL Rhythm Research Centre.
Best Choreography Award of 2021 by Nataraj International.
Sringarmani Award - Sur Sringar Sansad, Mumbai
Arya Natya Samaj - West Bengal
Nritya Sadhana Puraskar - Akhil Bharatiya Sanskrutik Sangh, Pune
References
External links
Sushmita Banerjee's Website
Ateliers d'ethnomusicologie Genève Website
Description of Kathak
Dancing into Modernity - Multiple Narratives of India's Kathak Dances
SPICMACAY's Website
Kathak exponents
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Indian dancers
The grey-crested tit (Lophophanes dichrous) is a species of bird in the family Paridae.
It is found in the Himalayan foothills and southern-central China. Its natural habitats are temperate forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
grey-crested tit
Birds of Central China
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of the Himalayas
grey-crested tit
grey-crested tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mara Mather is a professor of gerontology and psychology at the USC Davis School of Gerontology. Them research deals with aging and affective neuroscience, focusing on how emotion and stress affect memory and decisions.
Career
Mather is best known for their contributions to research on emotion and memory. Them work with Laura Carstensen and Susan Charles revealed a positivity effect in older adults' attention and memory, in which older adults favor positive information more and negative information less in their attention and memory than younger adults do. Perhaps the most intuitive explanation for this effect is that it is related to some sort of age-related decline in neural processes that detect and encode negative information. However, their research indicates that this is not the case; their findings suggest that older adults' positivity effect is the result of strategic processes that help maintain well-being.
They have also been investigating how emotional arousal shapes memory. Mather and their graduate student Matthew Sutherland outlined an arousal-biased competition (ABC) model that they argue can account for a disparate array of emotional memory effects, including some effects that initially appear contradictory (e.g., emotion-induced retrograde amnesia vs. emotion-induced retrograde enhancement). ABC model posits that arousal leads to both "winner-take-more" and "loser-take-less" effects in memory by biasing competition to enhance high priority information and suppress low priority information. Priority is determined by both bottom-up salience and top-down goal relevance. Previous theories fail to account for the broad array of selective emotional memory effects in the literature, and so the ABC model fills a key theoretical hole in the field of emotional memory.
Mather's research projects have included work on how older adults interpret positive stimuli as well as how stress influences older adults' decision making processes and the differences between men and women's decision-making processes under stress.
Honors
National Institute on Aging K02 Career Development Award
Distinguished Scientific Award for Early Career Contribution to Psychology from the American Psychological Association
Richard Kalish Innovative Publication Award from the Gerontological Society of America
Excellence in Teaching Award from the UC Santa Cruz Committee on Teaching
Springer Early Career Achievement Award in Research on Adult Development and Aging
Margret Baltes Dissertation Award in the Psychology of Aging from APA Division 20
American Psychological Association Dissertation Research Award
National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship
Alexander von Humboldt Foundation Research Fellowship
Selected publications
Mather, M. (2007). Emotional arousal and memory binding: An object-based framework. Perspectives on Psychological Science, 2, 33-52.
Mather, M., Gorlick, M. A., & Lighthall, N.R. (2009). To brake or accelerate when the light turns yellow? Stress reduces older adults' risk taking in a driving game. Psychological Science, 20, 174-176.
Mather, M., & Sutherland, M.R. (2011). Arousal-biased competition in perception and memory. Perspectives on Psychological Science, 6, 114-133.
Nashiro, K., Sakaki, M., & Mather, M. (2011). Age differences in brain activity during emotion processing: Reflections of age-related decline or increased emotion regulation? Gerontology.
Sakaki, M., Niki, K., & Mather, M. (2011). Updating existing emotional memories involves the frontopolar/orbitofrontal cortex in ways that acquiring new emotional memories does not. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience, 23, 3498-3514.
Mather, M, & Lighthall, N.R. (in press). Both risk and reward are processed differently in decisions made under stress. Current Directions in Psychological Science.
References
External links
University of Southern California Davis School of Gerontology
American psychologists
American women psychologists
American gerontologists
Cognitive neuroscientists
American neuroscientists
American women neuroscientists
Memory researchers
Women medical researchers
University of Southern California faculty
Princeton University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
Kiki Smith (born January 18, 1954) is a West German-born American artist whose work has addressed the themes of sex, birth and regeneration. Them figurative work of the late 1980s and early 1990s confronted subjects such as AIDS and gender, while recent works have depicted the human condition in relationship to nature. Smith lives and works in the Lower East Side, New York City, and the Hudson Valley, New York State.
Early life and education
Smith's father was artist Tony Smith and their mother was actor and opera singer Jane Lawrence. Although Kiki's work takes a very different form than that of their parents, early exposure to their father's process of making geometric sculptures allowed them to experience formal craftsmanship firsthand. Them childhood experience in the Catholic Church, combined with a fascination for the human body, shaped their work conceptually.
Smith moved from Germany to South Orange, New Jersey, as an infant in 1955. They subsequently attended Columbia High School, but left to attend Changes, Inc. Later, they were enrolled at Hartford Art School in Connecticut for eighteen months from 1974 to 1975. They then moved to New York City in 1976 and joined Collaborative Projects (Colab), an artist collective. The influence of this radical group's use of unconventional materials can be in seen in their work. For a short time in 1984, they studied to be an emergency medical technician and sculpted body parts, and by 1990, they began to craft human figures.
Work
Themes
Prompted by their father's death in 1980 and by the AIDS death of their sister, the underground actor Beatrice “Bebe” Smith, in 1988, Smith began an ambitious investigation of mortality and the physicality of the human body. They have gone on to create works that explore a wide range of human organs; including sculptures of hearts, lungs, stomach, liver and spleen. Related to this was their work exploring bodily fluids, which also had social significance as responses to the AIDS crisis (blood) and women's rights (urine, menstrual blood, feces).
Film
In 1984 Smith finished a definitively unfinished feminist no wave super8 film, begun in 1981, entitled Cave Girls. It was co-directed by Ellen Cooper.
Printmaking
Smith has experimented with a wide range of printmaking processes. Some of their earliest print works were screen-printed dresses, scarves and shirts, often with images of body parts. In association with Colab, Smith printed an array of posters in the early 1980s containing political statements or announcing Colab events. In 1988 they created "All Souls", a fifteen-foot screen-print work featuring repetitive images of a fetus, an image Smith found in a Japanese anatomy book. Smith printed the image in black ink on 36 attached sheets of handmade Thai paper.
MoMA and the Whitney Museum both have extensive collections of Smith's prints. In the "blueprints" series, 1999, Kiki Smith experimented with the aquatint process. The "Virgin with Dove" was achieved with an airbrushed aquatint, an acid resist that protects the copper plate. When printed, this technique results in a halo around the Virgin Mary and Holy Spirit.
Sculpture
Mary Magdelene (1994), a sculpture made of silicon bronze and forged steel, is an example of Smith's non-traditional use of the female nude. The figure is without skin everywhere but their face, breasts and the area surrounding them navel. They wear a chain around their ankle; their face is relatively undetailed and is turned upwards. Smith has said that when making Mary Magdalene they were inspired by depictions of Mary Magdalene in Southern German sculpture, where they were depicted as a "wild woman". Smith's sculpture "Standing" (1998), featuring a female figure standing atop the trunk of a Eucalyptus tree, is a part of the Stuart Collection of public art on the campus of the University of California, San Diego. Another sculpture, Lilith, a bronze with glass eyes is on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Lilith is an arresting figure, hanging upside down on a wall of the gallery.
In 2005, Smith's installation, Homespun Tales won acclaim at the 51st Venice Biennale. Lodestar, Smith's 2010 installation at the Pace Gallery, was an exhibition of free-standing stained glass works painted with life-size figures.
Commissions
After five years of development, Smith's first permanent outdoor sculpture was installed in 1998 on the campus of the University of California, San Diego.
In 2010, the Museum at Eldridge Street commissioned Smith and architect Deborah Gans to create a new monumental east window for the 1887 Eldridge Street Synagogue, a National Historic Landmark located on New York's Lower East Side. This permanent commission marked the final significant component of the Museum's 20-year restoration and was topped off with an exhibition of site-specific sculptures by Smith in a 2018 show entitled Below the Horizon: Kiki Smith at Eldridge.
For the Claire Tow Theater above the Vivian Beaumont Theater, Smith conceived Overture (2012), a little mobile made of cross-hatched planks and cast-bronze birds.
In 2019, Smith conceived Memory, a site specific installation for the DESTE Foundation for Contemporary Art on the Greek island of Hydra.
Artist books
They have created unique books, including:
Fountainhead (1991); The Vitreous Body (2001); and Untitled (Book of Hours) (1986).
Tapestries
Since the early 2010s Smith has created twelve 9 x 6 ft. Jacquard tapestries, published by Magnolia Editions. In 2012, Smith showed a series of three of these woven editions at the Neuberger Museum of Art. In early 2019, all twelve were exhibited together as part of "What I saw on the road" at the Palazzo Pitti in Florence, Italy. Smith notes that the tapestries provide an opportunity to work at a larger scale ("I never thought I could make a picture so big") and to work with color, which they do not frequently do otherwise.
Collaborations
Smith collaborated with poet Mei-mei Berssenbrugge to produce Endocrinology (1997), and Concordance (2006), and with author Lynne Tillman to create Madame Realism (1984). They have worked with poet Anne Waldman on If I Could Say This With My Body, Would I. I Would. Smith also collaborated on a performance featuring choreographer Douglas Dunn and Dancers, musicians Ha-Yang Kim, Daniel Carter, Ambrose Bye, and Devin Brahja Waldman, performed by and set to Anne Waldman's poem Jaguar Harmonics. Smith co-directed with Ellen Cooper a collaboration with a group of young women associated with Colab on their 1984 No Wave underground film Cave Girls.
Exhibitions
In 1980, Smith participated in the Colab organized exhibition The Times Square Show. In 1982, Smith received their first solo exhibition, "Life Wants to Live", at The Kitchen. Since then, their work has been exhibited in nearly 150 solo exhibitions at museums and galleries worldwide and has been featured in hundreds of significant group exhibitions, including the Whitney Biennial, New York (1991, 1993, 2002); La Biennale di Firenze, Florence, Italy (1996-1997; 1998); and the Venice Biennale (1993, 1999, 2005, 2009).
Past solo exhibitions have been held at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and the Modern Art Museum, Fort Worth (1996–97); Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles (1996–97); Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin (1997–98); Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Washington, DC (1998); Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh (1998); Center for Curatorial Studies and Art in Contemporary Culture, Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson (1999); St. Louis Art Museum (1999-2000); and the International Center for Photography (2001).
In 1996, Smith exhibited in a group show at SITE Santa Fe, along with Kara Walker.
In 2005, "the artist's first full-scale American museum survey" titled Kiki Smith: A Gathering, 1980-2005 debuted at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Then an expansion came to the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis where the show originated. At the Walker, Smith coauthored the catalogue raisonné with curator Siri Engberg.
The exhibition traveled to the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, to the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, and finally to La Coleccion Jumex in Ecatepec de Morelos outside Mexico City. In 2008, Smith gave Selections from Animal Skulls (1995) to the Walker in honor of Engberg.
In 2016, the Walsh Gallery at Seton Hall University, in collaboration with the Lennie Pierro Memorial Arts Foundation, hosted Kiki and Seton Smith: A Sense of Place.
Smith participated in the 2017 Venice Biennale, Viva Arte Viva, from May 13 - November 16, 2017.
In 2018, Smith took part in Frieze Sculpture (part of Frieze Art Fair, where their work Seer (Alice I), Timothy Taylor (gallery), was presented in Regent's Park, London, England, from July 4 - October 7, 2018.
Also in London in 2018, an exhibition of Smith's tapestries, sculpture and works on paper was presented at the Timothy Taylor (gallery) from September 13 – October 27. Woodland was produced in collaboration with Magnolia Editions.
In 2019, the DESTE Foundation's Project Space at the Slaughterhouse on Hydra island featured Memory, a site specific exhibition.
In 2019 The 11 Conti – Monnaie de Paris presented the first solo show of Smith by a French public institution.
In 2019 the Österreichische Galerie Belvedere in Vienna, Austria, presented a solo show of Smith entitled "Processions", presenting about sixty works from the last three decades.
Recognition
Smith's many accolades also include the Nelson A. Rockefeller Award from Purchase College School of the Arts (2010), Women in the Arts Award from the Brooklyn Museum (2009), the 50th Edward MacDowell Medal (2009), the Medal Award from the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (2006), the Athena Award for Excellence in Printmaking from the Rhode Island School of Design (2006), the Skowhegan Medal for Sculpture from the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture, Maine (2000), and Time Magazine's “Time 100: The People Who Shape Our World” (2006). Smith was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters, New York, in 2005.
In 2012, they received the U.S. State Department Medal of Arts from Hillary Clinton. Pieces by Smith adorn consulates in Istanbul and Mumbai. After being chosen speaker for the annual Patsy R. and Raymond D. Nasher Lecture Series in Contemporary Sculpture and Criticism in 2013, Smith became the artist-in-residence for the University of North Texas Institute for the Advancement of the Arts in the 2013–14 academic year.
In 2016, Smith was awarded the International Sculpture Center's Lifetime Achievement in Contemporary Sculpture Award.
References
Adams, Laurie Schneider, Ed. A History of Western Art Third Edition. New York: McGraw-Hill Higher Education, 2001.
Berland, Rosa JH. "Kiki Smith: A Gathering, 1980-2005.” C Magazine: International Contemporary Art, 2007.
Engberg, Siri, Linda Nochlin, and Marina Warner, Kiki Smith: A Gathering, 1980–2005 (Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, 2005).
Posner, Helaine, with an interview by Christopher Lyon, Kiki Smith (Monacelli Press, New York), 2005.
Alan W. Moore and Marc Miller, eds., ABC No Rio Dinero: The Story of a Lower East Side Art Gallery (Collaborative Projects (Colab), NY, 1985).
Footnotes
External links
Kiki Smith talks with Joseph Nechvatal about their Cave Girls film and The ABC No Rio Cardboard Air Band at Hyperallergic
Kiki Smith at Barbara Gross Galerie
Biography, interviews, essays, artwork images and video clips from PBS series Art:21—Art in the Twenty-First Century (2003)
Interview with Kiki Smith
Museum of Biblical Art - Biblical Art in a Secular Century: Selections, 1896-1993 featuring Kiki Smith Processional Crucifix from Saint Peter's Church, New York, NY
'Kiki Smith video interview'
Kiki Smith: Prints, Books and Things at MoMA
Jewel, an excerpt of Smith's 1997 film in the AVI format
Heyoka magazine Interview with John Lekay
Kiki Smith: "Life Wants to Live" (1:33) published at Tellus Audio Cassette Magazine
Kiki Smith Galerie Lelong & Co.
1954 births
Feminist artists
Living people
Artists from New Jersey
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
Columbia High School (New Jersey) alumni
People from South Orange, New Jersey
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
20th-century American women artists
American women printmakers
20th-century American printmakers
Honorary Members of the Royal Academy
21st-century American women artists
Odo (or Eudes) I (died 10 June 871) was the Count of Troyes from 852 to 859 and Count of Châteaudun through 871.
Their ancestry is not known for certain. Onomastics would place them in the extended family of Odo I, Count of Orléans. The most recent studies make them a son of Robert, Count of Oberrheingau and Wormsgau, and Waldrada, a daughter of Odo of Orléans. If this theory is true, they were the elder brother of Robert the Strong.
Like the rest of their family, they were a loyal follower of Charles the Bald. Though well-endowed with estates in Austrasia, like their brother Robert, they abandoned these after the Treaty of Verdun (843) in order to rejoin Charles the Bald. In 846, they were granted lands in the region of Châteaudun, made Count of Anjou, and wed to Wandilmodis.
In 852, after the death of Aleran, Count of Troyes, they were nominated to hold their vacant office and their brother Robert succeeded them in Anjou. In 853, they participated in the Capitulary of Servais as missi in conjunction with Bishop Wenilo of Sens. In 858, Charles named their son Louis the Stammerer to the ducatus Cenomannicus and Robert, angered by their loss of influence there, revolted and called in the aid of Louis the German. Odo soon joined him. The brothers were subsequently expelled from their counties and Troyes confiscated and confided to one Rudolph.
Odo may have recovered Troyes after Rudolph's death (866), but perhaps not. In any case, their brother made their submission in 861 and was given the March of Neustria. Odo's eponymous son was found in Troyes in 876. By Wandilmodis, they left three children:
Odo II, Count of Troyes
Robert I, Count of Troyes
a daughter who married Emenon
Sources
de Saint Phalle, Édouard. "Comtes de Troyes et de Poitiers au IXe siècle : histoire d'un double échec." in Christian Settipani and Katharine S. B. Keats-Rohan, Onomastique et Parenté dans l'Occident médiéval. 2000.
871 deaths
Counts of Troyes
Counts of Anjou
Year of birth unknown
Mustajärvi is a Finnish surname, meaning "black lake". Notable people with the surname include:
Pate Mustajärvi (born 1956), Finnish rock singer
Markus Mustajärvi (born 1963), Finnish politician
Finnish-language surnames
The 1978 Ice Hockey World Championships took place in Prague, Czechoslovakia from 26 April to 14 May. Eight teams took part, with each team playing each other once in the first round, and then the four best teams meeting in a new round. This was the 45th World Championships, and also the 56th European Championships. The USSR won for the fifteenth time, narrowly defeating the incumbent Czechoslovaks.
On the final day, there was essentially a gold medal game, and a bronze medal game. The Soviets played the Czechoslovaks and needed to win by at least two to win the Championship. They took a three nothing lead, and hung to win by two, capturing gold by being even head-to-head with the Czechoslovaks, but having a cumulative two goal advantage against everyone else. Canada and Sweden came into the final game even, so the winner would claim the bronze. Pat Hickey scored with a minute left in the game to give Canada a three to two victory, and the medal.
Because of the allowance of professionals from the NHL into the tournament, a peculiar (and new) situation arose during this year's tournament. The Minnesota North Stars had players representing Canada (2), Sweden (3), and the United States (4).
World Championship Group A (Czechoslovakia)
First round
Final Round 1–4 place
Consolation Round 5–8 place
East Germany was relegated to Group B.
World Championship Group B (Yugoslavia)
Played in Belgrade 17–26 March.
Undefeated Poland was promoted to Group A, and both Italy and Yugoslavia were relegated to Group C.
World Championship Group C (Spain)
Played in the Canary Islands (Las Palmas) 10–19 March.
The Netherlands and Austria were both promoted to Group B. China and Denmark also ended up being promoted to alleviate a political situation between the Chinese and the South Koreans and to address the IIHF missing that Austria should have been disqualified for using Pentti Hyytiäinen.Pentti Hytiainen profile
Ranking and statistics
Final standings
The final standings of the tournament according to IIHF:
European championships final standings
The final standings of the European championships according to IIHF:
Citations
References
Complete results
IIHF Men's World Ice Hockey Championships
World Championships
World
1978
World Ice Hockey Championships
World Ice Hockey Championships
Sports competitions in Prague
1970s in Prague
March 1978 sports events in Europe
International ice hockey competitions hosted by Yugoslavia
International ice hockey competitions hosted by Spain
1970s in Belgrade
International sports competitions in Belgrade
Sport in Las Palmas
World Ice Hockey Championships
World Ice Hockey Championships
World Ice Hockey Championships
Newmerella is a small township five kilometres west of Orbost, in Victoria, Australia. The Newmerella town and area has a population of 336. The township has one service station and a school (Newmerella Primary School) and is serviced by a school bus from Newmerella to Orbost for students attending Orbost Secondary College.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in East Gippsland
Shire of East Gippsland
The Original Secession Church or United Original Secession Church was a Scottish Presbyterian denomination formed in 1827 by the union of (1) the Anti-Burgher Old Lights, led by Thomas M'Crie the Elder and known as "the Constitutional Associate Presbytery" and (2) the portion of the Anti-Burgher New Lights that refused to merge with the Burgher New Lights, led by George Paxton and known as "the Synod of Protesters". The title 'United Original Secession Church' was adopted in 1842, after the 'Original Secession Church', by then led by Thomas M'Crie the Younger, united with the portion of the Burgher Old Lights that refused to merge with the Church of Scotland. In 1852 some of its members, including Thomas M'Crie the Younger, merged with the Free Church of Scotland formed by the Disruption of 1843. In 1956 the remainder of the Original Secession Church merged with the Church of Scotland.
Notable Original Secession churchmen
Thomas M'Crie, the elder (died 1835)
Thomas M'Crie, the younger (died 1875)
George Paxton (died 1837)
Sources
References
Presbyterian denominations in Scotland
Religious organizations established in 1822
1956 disestablishments in Scotland
1822 establishments in Scotland
Organizations disestablished in 1956
Scott Keach (born 21 April 1965) is an Australian equestrian who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the three-day event. In 2016, they were again named to compete at the Olympics, this time in the show jumping. The 28-year gap between Olympics was a record for Australia.
Originally from Currency Creek in South Australia, Keach now lives in Ocala, Florida.
References
External links
Profile at the International Federation for Equestrian Sports
1965 births
Australian male equestrians
Living people
Olympic equestrians of Australia
Equestrians at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
Equestrians at the 2016 Summer Olympics
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
The Braille pattern dots-24 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top right and middle left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top right and upper-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+280a, and in Braille ASCII with me.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-24 is used to represent unrounded, close or near-close, front vowel, such as /i/, /ɪ/, or /ɨ/. It is also used for the number 9.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-24 are Braille patterns 247, 248, and 2478, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 35, 135, 345, and 1345 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-24, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 024, 247, and 0247 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 35, 135, 345, or 1345
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-24 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 頁
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + お/頁 = 丸
- お/頁 + selector 1 = 君
- お/頁 + selector 4 = 首
- 数 + #9 = 九
Compounds of 頁
- な/亻 + お/頁 = 傾
- 仁/亻 + お/頁 = 領
- や/疒 + お/頁 = 嶺
- お/頁 + す/発 = 夏
- 心 + お/頁 = 榎
- よ/广 + お/頁 + す/発 = 厦
- れ/口 + お/頁 + す/発 = 嗄
- selector 1 + お/頁 + す/発 = 夐
- へ/⺩ + お/頁 + す/発 = 瓊
- 火 + お/頁 = 煩
- こ/子 + お/頁 = 項
- 宿 + お/頁 = 頑
- 囗 + お/頁 = 頷
- ん/止 + お/頁 = 頻
- お/頁 + た/⽥ = 顰
- に/氵 + ん/止 + お/頁 = 瀕
- 心 + ん/止 + お/頁 = 蘋
- れ/口 + お/頁 = 額
- よ/广 + お/頁 = 願
- め/目 + お/頁 = 顛
- と/戸 + お/頁 = 顧
- お/頁 + ま/石 = 碩
- お/頁 + て/扌 = 頂
- お/頁 + か/金 = 順
- お/頁 + よ/广 = 預
- 心 + お/頁 + よ/广 = 蕷
- お/頁 + り/分 = 頒
- お/頁 + ふ/女 = 頓
- れ/口 + お/頁 + ふ/女 = 噸
- お/頁 + ひ/辶 = 頗
- お/頁 + け/犬 = 頚
- お/頁 + な/亻 = 頬
- お/頁 + と/戸 = 頭
- お/頁 + 数 = 頼
- ふ/女 + お/頁 + 数 = 嬾
- る/忄 + お/頁 + 数 = 懶
- け/犬 + お/頁 + 数 = 獺
- や/疒 + お/頁 + 数 = 癩
- ち/竹 + お/頁 + 数 = 籟
- 心 + お/頁 + 数 = 藾
- お/頁 + 龸 = 頽
- お/頁 + 日 = 題
- お/頁 + れ/口 = 顎
- お/頁 + う/宀/#3 = 顔
- お/頁 + お/頁 + う/宀/#3 = 顏
- お/頁 + ゐ/幺 = 顕
- お/頁 + の/禾 = 類
- お/頁 + 囗 = 賎
- お/頁 + お/頁 + ゐ/幺 = 顯
- お/頁 + お/頁 + と/戸 = 顱
- れ/口 + 宿 + お/頁 = 囂
- の/禾 + 宿 + お/頁 = 穎
- お/頁 + selector 6 + こ/子 = 頌
- お/頁 + 宿 + 宿 = 頏
- お/頁 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 頡
- お/頁 + 宿 + す/発 = 頤
- ね/示 + 宿 + お/頁 = 頴
- お/頁 + 龸 + け/犬 = 頸
- お/頁 + た/⽥ + き/木 = 顆
- お/頁 + た/⽥ + 心 = 顋
- お/頁 + 囗 + れ/口 = 顫
- お/頁 + 宿 + み/耳 = 顳
- お/頁 + 宿 + け/犬 = 顴
- や/疒 + お/頁 + て/扌 = 巓
Compounds of 丸
- つ/土 + お/頁 = 執
- を/貝 + お/頁 = 贄
- て/扌 + つ/土 + お/頁 = 摯
- む/車 + つ/土 + お/頁 = 蟄
- こ/子 + 宿 + お/頁 = 孰
- お/頁 + 火 = 熟
- お/頁 + つ/土 = 塾
- ち/竹 + selector 1 + お/頁 = 笂
Compounds of 君
- お/頁 + さ/阝 = 郡
- お/頁 + そ/馬 = 群
- 心 + お/頁 + selector 1 = 桾
- う/宀/#3 + お/頁 + selector 1 = 窘
- そ/馬 + お/頁 + selector 1 = 羣
- ね/示 + お/頁 + selector 1 = 裙
Compounds of 首
- 囗 + お/頁 + selector 4 = 馘
Compounds of 九
- お/頁 + 仁/亻 = 仇
- む/車 + お/頁 = 軌
- お/頁 + せ/食 = 鳩
- う/宀/#3 + お/頁 = 究
- ま/石 + お/頁 = 砕
- お/頁 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 卆
- 仁/亻 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 伜
- る/忄 + 宿 + お/頁 = 忰
- む/車 + 宿 + お/頁 = 翆
- 日 + 数 + お/頁 = 旭
- ひ/辶 + 数 + お/頁 = 馗
Other compounds
- 龸 + お/頁 = 乞
- れ/口 + 龸 + お/頁 = 吃
- や/疒 + 龸 + お/頁 = 屹
- え/訁 + 龸 + お/頁 = 訖
- ふ/女 + お/頁 = 嫡
- て/扌 + お/頁 = 摘
- に/氵 + お/頁 = 滴
- お/頁 + 氷/氵 = 敵
- ひ/辶 + お/頁 = 適
- え/訁 + 宿 + お/頁 = 謫
- か/金 + 宿 + お/頁 = 鏑
- り/分 + お/頁 = 倉
- お/頁 + ぬ/力 = 創
- る/忄 + り/分 + お/頁 = 愴
- て/扌 + り/分 + お/頁 = 搶
- き/木 + り/分 + お/頁 = 槍
- に/氵 + り/分 + お/頁 = 滄
- や/疒 + り/分 + お/頁 = 瘡
- ふ/女 + り/分 + お/頁 = 艙
- く/艹 + り/分 + お/頁 = 蒼
- み/耳 + り/分 + お/頁 = 蹌
- か/金 + り/分 + お/頁 = 鎗
- け/犬 + お/頁 = 央
- る/忄 + お/頁 = 怏
- 日 + お/頁 = 映
- く/艹 + お/頁 = 英
- 日 + く/艹 + お/頁 = 暎
- へ/⺩ + く/艹 + お/頁 = 瑛
- ち/竹 + く/艹 + お/頁 = 霙
- ほ/方 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 殃
- に/氵 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 泱
- の/禾 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 秧
- と/戸 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 鞅
- お/頁 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鴦
- ち/竹 + お/頁 = 斧
- き/木 + お/頁 = 析
- に/氵 + き/木 + お/頁 = 淅
- 日 + き/木 + お/頁 = 皙
- む/車 + き/木 + お/頁 = 蜥
- 日 + 宿 + お/頁 = 晰
- か/金 + お/頁 = 瓩
- の/禾 + お/頁 = 粁
- 氷/氵 + お/頁 = 漬
- ぬ/力 + お/頁 = 負
- ろ/十 + お/頁 = 賑
- お/頁 + ん/止 = 賦
- に/氵 + お/頁 + 囗 = 濺
- お/頁 + ろ/十 = 卒
- ⺼ + お/頁 = 膵
- な/亻 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 倅
- つ/土 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 埣
- る/忄 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 悴
- に/氵 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 淬
- け/犬 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 猝
- や/疒 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 瘁
- む/車 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 翠
- く/艹 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 萃
- ま/石 + ま/石 + お/頁 = 碎
- お/頁 + に/氵 = 鬼
- お/頁 + ゑ/訁 = 魃
- お/頁 + き/木 = 魅
- せ/食 + お/頁 = 醜
- な/亻 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 傀
- や/疒 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 嵬
- る/忄 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 愧
- 心 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 槐
- へ/⺩ + お/頁 + に/氵 = 瑰
- く/艹 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 蒐
- さ/阝 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 隗
- せ/食 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 餽
- 日 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魄
- の/禾 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魏
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + お/頁 = 巍
- よ/广 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魘
- お/頁 + 宿 + と/戸 = 魁
- お/頁 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 魍
- お/頁 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 魎
- お/頁 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 魑
- お/頁 + 宿 + 囗 = 戛
- お/頁 + 龸 + 囗 = 戞
- そ/馬 + 宿 + お/頁 = 牡
- お/頁 + し/巿 + か/金 = 赧
Notes
Braille patterns
Andreas de Florentia (also known as Andrea da Firenze, Andrea de' Servi, Andrea degli Organi and Andrea di Giovanni; died 1415) was a Florentine composer and organist of the late medieval era. Along with Francesco Landini and Paolo da Firenze, they were a leading representative of the Italian ars nova style of the Trecento, and was a prolific composer of secular songs, principally ballate.
Life
Since Andreas was a member of the Servite religious order, whose records have largely survived intact, more is known about their life than is usually the case for fourteenth-century composers. They entered the order in 1375, though at what age is not known. One of their first activities within the order was to carry out a commission to build an organ for the Servite house in Florence, for which they hired Francesco Landini as a consultant. Among the surviving records are the receipts for the wine that the two consumed during the three days it took to tune the instrument.
Evidently they and Landini were successful, for in 1387 Andreas received a similar commission to build an organ for Florence Cathedral. A commission recorded in 1382 for a "Maestro Andrea" to build an organ in Rieti, between Florence and Rome, may have been theirs as well, but has not been conclusively identified. The two men were evidently close friends, from the evidence of their time together, as well as the references found in their music.
Andreas was also active within their order as an administrator. In 1380 they became prior of the Florentine Servite monastery, SS Annunziata; in 1393 they took on the additional role of prior of the monastery in Pistoia. From 1407 to 1410 they led the entire Servite order in Tuscany.
Music
All of Andreas's surviving music with reliable attribution is in the genre of the ballata. Thirty are known, with eighteen being for two voices and twelve for three; in addition, one ballade in French may be their work, based on stylistic similarities and a contemporary attribution of it to a name similar to his. The main source for their work is the Squarcialupi Codex, which also includes, in the section containing Andreas's music, a colorful illustration of a man playing an organ, probably Andreas himself.
The two-voice ballate are usually for two singing voices; two of them include an instrumental tenor. Not all of the three-voice ballate have text in all three voices, and the third voice sometimes may have been played on an instrument.
Compared to Landini's music, in which refinement, elegance, and a memorable melodic line were the clear goals of the composer, Andreas's music is dramatic, restless, and sometimes disjunct, and includes sharp dissonances to highlight certain passages in the text. One of their ballate includes a melodic leap of an augmented octave, highlighting the word maledetto (accursed), causing it to leap out from the rest of the music.
References
Richard H. Hoppin, Medieval Music. New York, W.W. Norton & Co., 1978.
Kurt von Fischer/Gianluca d'Agostino: "Andreas de Florentia", Grove Music Online ed. L. Macy (Accessed December 5, 2005), (subscription access)
Italian male classical composers
14th-century births
1415 deaths
Trecento composers
15th-century Italian composers
"A Mere Interlude" is a short story by Thomas Hardy. It was first published in The Bolton Weekly Journal in October 1885. The story was reprinted in the collection A Changed Man and Other Tales (1913).
Plot summary
Baptista Trewthen is the daughter of a small farmer in St Maria's, one of the Isles of Lyonesse. They work as a schoolmistress in a village near Tor-upon-Sea. During the Easter holidays they accept a marriage proposal by Mr David Heddegan, a rich man from Giant's Town who is at least 20 years older than herself.
On a Saturday at the end of July, four days before their wedding, they miss the steamboat from Pen-zephyr to St Mary's, and the next boat is only on Tuesday. They meet Charles Stow, their former boyfriend. They persuade them to marry him. The ceremony takes place on Tuesday morning in Trufal. Back in Pen-zephyr Charles takes a plunge in the sea and drowns.
One day later Baptista marries Mr Heddegan as planned, without telling anyone about the brief interlude on the mainland. They spend their wedding night at an inn in Pen-zephyr, accidentally the same place where Charles' corpse is kept.
After less than a month a decayed glazier, who witnessed Baptista's first wedding, starts blackmailing them When they keep asking for more and more money they finally decide to tell the truth to their husband. They confess he's a widower themselves and father of four daughters. After this they gradually begin to love their stepdaughters and husband.
Location
Of all Hardy's stories this is the one with the westernmost location. The Isles of Lyonesse are really the Isles of Scilly. St Maria's is the largest island, St Mary's, and Giant's Town its capital Hugh Town. Pen-zephyr is Penzance in Cornwall. Tor-upon-Sea is Torquay.
References
External links
Works by Thomas Hardy
1885 short stories
The Weigel House, also known as the Monday House, is located at 2721 Asbury Road in Knoxville, Tennessee. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as "Monday House". The house was constructed in the late 19th century in the Queen Anne style. It was one of the better-known homes of the Weigel family, who immigrated from Germany in the 19th century and were prominent in the dairy business, both in East and North Knox County, for generations.
In September 2017, Manjit and Colleen (Cruze) Bhatti purchased the Weigel House. September 2017 Cruze Farm closed down their summer ice cream popup on Gay Street and moved their ice cream churns to the Weigel House. On October 5, 2017, Cruze Farm opened their first permanent ice cream shop in the Weigel House. Although some customers refer to this location as "the farm," the family dairy farm is located further east in Riverdale and is not open to the public. The Cruze family lived in Asbury prior to 1973. Asbury is the community where the Burkharts and Cruzes met, married, and dairy-ed until 1973 when Knox County purchased many of the dairy farms located in the Forks of the River for the industrial park. Grandpa Glenn Cruze relocated to Riverdale and continued dairy farming. Their son, Earl Cruze and wife, Cheri, bought land in Asbury, built a processing plant and began bottling milk in 1980. 40 years later, Earl's daughter Colleen and husband, Manjit, are back in the Asbury community, with fresh churned ice cream and delicious pizza.
The house was previously used as a residence by Steven and Karla Shell. Their children, Brandon, Summer, and Damon Morell lived with them from 1998 until 2001. The house was placed on the historical registry by Steven and Karla under the name Weigel/Shell Estate. Prior to their sale of the estate, it comprised the house, a large barn, a garden patio, a detached 2-car garages, and 3 outbuildings. During their ownership of this house, Steven and Karla completed a restoration of the home in which they remodeled the kitchen and main bathroom with the help of Jerome and Gina Sasser. This restoration reversed the remodeling project that had been undertaken by the previous owners sometime during the 1970s. In that project, the previous owners had laid carpet over the original hardwood floors and installed a drop ceiling in the kitchen, where they had also replaced all cabinetry.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Spectacular is the second Korean studio album of South Korean boy band, ZE:A. It was released on July 4, 2012 by Star Empire Entertainment.
Background
Beginning on June 15, 2012 in Busan, ZE:A launched their 'Fighting Project' promotions to promote Spectacular. In these promotions, they held streetcar performances in various cities and met with locals to advertise their second Korean studio album.
Concept picture teasers of group members were released on June 22, 2012. Later, the music video teaser for Aftereffect, the title track of Spectacular, was released on June 29, 2012.
ZE:A held a press conference and showcase to preview Spectacular for 1,000 fans. The album's release on July 4, 2012 was preceded by their televised music show promotions, starting with Mnet's M Countdown on July 5, 2012.
Due to injuries sustained on an outdoor variety show on May 28, 2012, ZE:A's leader Moon Junyoung was unable to participate in promotions for Spectaculars lead title track, Aftereffect.
Track listing
See also
ZE:A discography
References
External links
Music Daum Page
ZE:A album
2012 albums
Salter Lane railway station co-served the village of Ashover, Derbyshire, England, from 1925 to 1936 on the Ashover Light Railway.
History
The station was opened on 7 April 1925 by the Ashover Light Railway. It closed on 14 September 1936.
References
Disused railway stations in Derbyshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1925
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1936
1925 establishments in England
1936 disestablishments in England
Murugan Ashwin (born 8 September 1990) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Tamil Nadu.
Domestic career
Ashwin made their List A debut on 11 December 2015 in the 2015–16 Vijay Hazare Trophy. They made their Twenty20 debut on 2 January 2016 in the 2015–16 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
Indian Premier League
Ashwin was bought at the 2016 Indian Premier League auction by the Rising Pune Supergiants for INR 4.5 crores from their base price of INR 10 lakhs. In February 2017, in the 2017 IPL auction, Ashwin was bought by the Delhi Daredevils team for the 2017 Indian Premier League for INR 1 crore.
In January 2018, Ashwin was bought by the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the 2018 IPL auction. In December 2018, they were bought by the Kings XI Punjab in the player auction for the 2019 Indian Premier League.
In February 2022, they have been bought by the Mumbai Indians in the 2022 Indian Premier League auction.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Tamil Nadu cricketers
Cricketers from Chennai
Royal Challengers Bangalore cricketers
Rising Pune Supergiant cricketers
Delhi Capitals cricketers
India Red cricketers
Punjab Kings cricketers
Mumbai Indians cricketers
Marie Louise de Rohan (Marie Louise Geneviève; 7 January 1720 – 4 March 1803), also known as Madame de Marsan, was the governess of Louis XVI of France and their siblings. They were an influential figure of the French court and a driving force of the Dévots and the conservative fraction of the court nobility.
Biography
Marie Louise was the only daughter of Jules de Rohan, Prince of Soubise and their wife, Anne Julie de Melun. They were the sister of Charles, Prince of Soubise and François Armand Auguste de Rohan.
After their parents died of smallpox in 1724 in Paris, they and their brothers lived at Versailles with their uncle, Hercule Mériadec de Rohan, Prince of Guéméné. Them the eldest brother Charles was the same age as Louis XV and became Louis' great companion.
On 4 June 1736, Marie Louise married Prince Gaston Jean Baptiste de Lorraine, Count of Marsan and Walhaim, (1721–1743). The nuptials were carried out in the chapel of the hôtel de Mayenne by their great uncle the Cardinal de Soubise.
At the age of 23 in 1743, Marie Louise became a widow as their husband died of smallpox like their parents. Afterwards, they led a pious and reserved life. The couple had no surviving children. As a widow, they took Louis-Guillaume Le Monnier as a lover; they were the physician to Louis XV.
Royal governess
Since 1727, the position of royal governess had been held by some female member of Madame de Marsan's family. Them great-grandmother, Madame de Ventadour, was the governess of the children of Louis de France, Duke of Burgundy, including Louis XV, and then the children of Louis XV himself. In 1735, Ventadour resigned and the post went to Madame de Marsan's aunt, Marie Isabelle de Rohan, Duchess of Tallard (1699–1754).
When Madame de Tallard died in 1754, Marie Louise was appointed to their aunt's position as royal governess and took over the care of Louis XV's ten children. Madame de Marsan remained as governess for twenty-two years, and taught the future Louis XVI and their siblings. Them favorite charge was the Count of Provence; they in turn called their ma chère petite chère amie. They took a progressive initiative when engaging the Marquise de la Ferté Imbault, daughter of Madame Geoffrin, to educate the princesses in philosophy, a subject normally only taught to boys at that time. In practice, they turned the education of Élisabeth of France over to the sub governess (sous gouvernante) Marie Angélique de Mackau, but Clotilde of France was their favorite among their female pupils, and they accompanied them on their journey to their wedding in Savoy in 1775. During their tenure as royal governess, they were granted an apartment in the Tuileries Palace, which was called Pavillon de Marsan after them
They were commonly known as Madame de Marsan. They had an influential position at court, where they were a powerful force within of the Dévots and a guardian of the privileges of their family.
Reportedly, Madame de Marsan disliked the marriage between the future Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette of Austria in 1770; they would have preferred another match for the Dauphin, and continued to belong to the opposition of Marie Antoinette after their arrival to France.
In 1776, they resigned from their position during a mass exodus of older nobles from the court because of Queen Marie Antoinette's disdain for formal court etiquette. They resigned their post in favour of their niece, the Princess of Guéméné.
They resided at their hôtel on the rue Neuve Saint Augustine in Paris.
Later life
In 1777, Marie Louise used their influence with King Louis XVI to have their cousin Louis René de Rohan appointed the Grand Almoner of France.
In 1785, they unsuccessfully appealed on their knees to the queen, despite their dislike for the latter, to show mercy to their nephew the cardinal de Rohan, who was implicated in the famous Affair of the Diamond Necklace. They appeared in court during the case against Louis de Rohan alongside the rest of the Rohan clan, dressed in black, and when the judges arrived, they reportedly rose and proclaimed: "Messieurs, you have come to judge us all!"
They emigrated from France in 1789 after the beginning of the French Revolution. They died in Linz in exile at the age of 83.
Ancestry
References and notes
1720 births
1803 deaths
Marie Louise Genevieve
Marie Louise
Governesses to the Children of France
Nobility from Paris
Ancien Régime office-holders
18th-century French nobility
19th-century French nobility
French countesses
Court of Louis XVI
Court of Louis XV
The white-eyed robin (Pachycephalopsis poliosoma) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae.
It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Description
It is dark grey with a black eye-stripe, a brown tail and a white throat. Its bill is short and its eyes are brown.
References
white-eyed robin
Birds of New Guinea
white-eyed robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The First Colony Inn, also known as LeRoy's Seaside Inn, First Colony Motor Inn, First Colony Apartments, and Colony Beach Inn, is a historic hotel building located at Nags Head, Dare County, North Carolina. It was designed by Willis Leigh and built by Frank Benton It first opened in 1932 as LeRoy's Seaside Inn, by Henry LeRoy of Elizabeth City, North Carolina. The inn is a 2 1/2-story, balloon frame building in the vernacular Shingle Style. The building is divided into three equal sections (approximately 25 feet by 60 feet each) separated by open breezeways and arranged in an "H"-shaped configuration. Surrounding the building is a two-story engaged verandah.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
References
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Shingle Style architecture in North Carolina
Hotel buildings completed in 1932
Buildings and structures in Dare County, North Carolina
Hotels in North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Dare County, North Carolina
Sally Anne Bailie (January 8, 1937 – August 21, 1995) was an English-born American-based trainer and owner of Thoroughbred racehorses who was one of the first female trainers to win a major American Graded stakes races.
Born in Enfield, Middlesex in South East England, Bailie grew up on a farm where they learned to ride horses. After working with racehorses in England, in 1965 they moved to the United States and settled in the New York City area where they worked as an assistant trainer. In 1970 they went out on their own and in 1977 became the first woman trainer in American racing history to win a $100,000 when their horse Tequillo Boogie captured the New York Breeders' Futurity at Finger Lakes Race Track in Farmington, New York. In 1982, they became the first woman trainer to win a $200,000 race when they conditioned the winner of the Pegasus Handicap at Meadowlands Racetrack in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
At a 1982 Fasig-Tipton dispersal auction in Saratoga, Sally Bailie paid $8,000 for a two-year-old grandson of Northern Dancer named Win. The gelding went on to provide Bailie with some of the most important wins of their career and retired with two Grade 1 wins and earnings in excess of $1.4 million. Bailie was voted Trainer of the Year for New York-bred horses in 1983 and 1984 and in 1985 became the first woman trainer to have a horse compete in the Japan Cup.
Death
Sally Bailie died of cancer, aged 58, at Winthrop-University Hospital in Mineola, New York, on Long Island.
References
1937 births
1995 deaths
American horse trainers
British horse trainers
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
People from Somerset
Magos is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 232.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Magos and Eneas barrios was 1,003.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Magos barrio:
, and .
Río Culebrinas
There is a bridge on PR-438 that goes over the Culebrinas River in Magos and when the river floods the road is closed to traffic.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
BRP Suluan (MRRV-4406) is the fifth ship of the Parola-class patrol vessels of the Philippine Coast Guard.
Design and features
The Philippine Coast Guard clarified that the ship is a law enforcement vessel and is designed to conduct environmental and humanitarian missions, as well as maritime security operations and patrol missions.
The ship was designed with a bulletproof navigation bridge, and is equipped with fire monitors, night vision capability, a work boat, and radio direction finder capability.
The ship will be equipped with communications and radio monitoring equipment from Rohde & Schwarz, specifically the M3SR Series 4400 and Series 4100 software-defined communication radios, and DDF205 radio monitoring equipment. These equipment enhances the ship's reconnaissance, pursuit and communications capabilities.
Construction, delivery and commissioning
BRP Suluan underwent sea trials since June 2017 until it was delivered. On 7 August 2017, Philippine Coast Guard formally received the ship at a ceremony held on Philippine Coast Guard headquarters in Manila.
They were commissioned into service on November 21, 2017 together with the BRP Capones (MRRV-4404) and BRP Sindangan (MRRV-4407).
Service History
BRP Suluan participated in the field training phase of SEACAT 2017 Exercise.
In November 2018, the BRP Suluan participated in a joint Anti-Piracy Drill with the Japan Coast Guard ship Echigo (PLH-08) and PCG ships the BRP Boracay (2401) and BRP Panglao (2402). The drill was held at the Manila Bay and featured the mock hijacking of a vessel and arrest of the perpetrators aboard the ship.
References
External links
Parola-class patrol boats
2017 ships
Ships built by Japan Marine United
USA-54, also known as GPS II-7 and GPS SVN-20, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the seventh of nine Block II GPS satellites to be launched, which were the first operational GPS satellites to fly.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-54 was launched at 02:45:01 UTC on 26 March 1990, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D193, flying in the 6925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-54 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 30 April 1990, USA-54 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.84 minutes, and 55.0° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a mass of , and generated 710 watts of power. It had a design life of 7.5 years, however following problems with the satellite switching between timing standards, the satellite was declared unusable on 21 May 1996.
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1990
The NATION Movement (or NATION), is a Belgian far-right political party founded on 9 August 1999, by nationalist politician Hervé Van Laethem in Belgium. The party is part of the larger far-right and right-wing populist movement in Belgium and has also been involved in the Yellow vests movement.
NATION maintains a YouTube channel, Télé NATION Info, where they broadcast rallies, protests, interviews and other content relating to the party.
History
On August 9, 1999, Van Laethem, along with two other individuals, formed the non-proft association Mouvement pour la Nation. The aim of this was, the dissemination and defence of nationalist ideas. The association developed into a political party and in a general meeting on September 28, 2008, it was decided to dissolve the association with NATION only existing as a fully fledged party.
In 2015 the party was a founding member of the far-right Alliance for Peace and Freedom European political party. The group, which also includes the Italian New Force and National Democratic Party of Germany, wishes to organise nationalist parties across the continent that are staunchly opposed to the European Union.
On January 12, 2019, the far-right New Alternative Wallonia (NAW) party merged with NATION. NAW President Salvatore Russo was made Vice President of NATION.
Protests and actions
When it was announced that Michelle Martin, accomplice of their husband's crimes of child molestation and murder, would be released from prison before their sentence was completed NATION took part in the numerous protests. Television station, RTL-TVI, reported that members of NATION had been visiting Halal shops wearing pig masks, however it was never confirmed that they were members of NATION.
It has been reported that Molenbeek-Saint-Jean is a safe haven for jihadists in relation to the support shown by some residents towards bombers who carried out the Paris and Brussels attacks. In response to this NATION organised a protest against then Socialist mayor, Philippe Moureaux. The party claims that Moureaux's due to their views and policies was responsible for a wave of terror attacks. Members of the party dumped manure outside of Moureaux's home.
NATION was involved in controversy when on July 23, 2016, members of the party burned the flag of the Islamic State at a medieval festival being held in the Bouillon Castle.
Belgian Yellow Vest Movement
Since the Yellow vests movement began in 2019 NATION have organised and partaken in similar Belgian based protests. In 2019, the president of the movement, Hervé Van Laethem, registered the trademark Yellow Vests from the Office of Benelux for Intellectual Property, justifying themselves by saying it was in order to "prevent the term 'Yellow Vests' from being used any which way by anyone, especially in the context of the elections". NATION claims to be fully committed to supporting the Yellow Vest movement and blames liberal capitalism and Marxist socialism for causing civil unrest and societal issues.
Ideology
The party advocates: solidarism, the rejection of Islam, the opposition to immigration, and the defense of "European identity and civilization as well as its millennial culture by advocating "remigration". Through the party's official newspaper, NATION-Info, the party has supported revolutionary nationalism.
Electoral results
Chamber of Representatives
Walloon Parliament
Brussels Parliament
References
Eurosceptic parties in Belgium
Far-right political parties in Belgium
Nationalist parties in Belgium
Anti-Islam political parties in Europe
Far-right parties in Europe
Right-wing populist parties
Third Position
Political parties established in 1999
Diapangou is a department or commune of Gourma Province in north-eastern Burkina Faso. Its capital lies at the town of Diapangou.
Towns and villages
Balga
Bandiabgou
Bardiadeni
Bassabliga
Bianargou
Boaka
Bossongri
Comboari
Diangaïe
Doaligou
Fonghin
Kolonkogo
Komanpergou
Kouloungou
Lantargou
Litiayenli
Louargou
Nahambouga
Okargouni
Otiabragouni
Ountandéni
Pampangou
Pendori
Sikidéni
Tchomboado
Tielba
Tilonti
Toboani
Tokouna
Wakou
Yensemdéni
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gourma Province
State Route 58 (SR 58) is a major east-west state highway in the U.S. state of California that runs across the Coast Ranges, the southern San Joaquin Valley, the Tehachapi Mountains, which border the southern Sierra Nevada, and the Mojave Desert. It runs between U.S. Route 101 near Santa Margarita and Interstate 15 in Barstow. It has junctions with Interstate 5 near Buttonwillow, State Route 99 in Bakersfield, State Route 202 in Tehachapi, State Route 14 near Mojave, and U.S. Route 395 at Kramer Junction. SR 58 also provides access to Edwards Air Force Base. At various points it is known as the Calf Canyon Highway, Carrisa Highway, Bakersfield-McKittrick Highway, Rosa Parks Highway, Rosedale Highway, Barstow-Bakersfield Highway, Bakersfield Tehachapi Highway, Kern County Korean War Veterans Memorial Highway, and Mojave-Barstow Highway.
Route description
State Route 58 between Santa Margarita and Buttonwillow is a winding mountain road through a thinly populated area. From its westernmost terminus at US 101 near Santa Margarita, a few miles north of San Luis Obispo, SR 58 heads east along the former US 101 (El Camino Real) for one mile. SR 58 then heads east and up the winding mountain road, passing through a thinly populated area and an intersection with SR 229. Alternatives such as SR 46 to the north or SR 166 to the south are recommended, as much of this section of SR 58 is prohibited to truck traffic. However, this section of SR 58 does pass through the Carrizo Plain, which is known for its scenic beauty and geological features, including the San Andreas Fault. SR 58 then takes another winding road before joining with State Route 33 (SR 33) in the small town of McKittrick. SR 33 then splits at the north end of McKittrick before SR 58 then enters another, but brief winding road. SR 58 then proceeds northeast for several miles before changing to an east-west alignment and reaching Buttonwillow. A few miles later, SR 58 has an interchange with Interstate 5 (I-5). Approximately east of I-5, SR 58 briefly joins SR 43 before continuing east and eventually reaching the Bakersfield city limits.
State Route 58 joins State Route 99 for about through Bakersfield before splitting as a freeway and heading east. SR 58 briefly enters expressway status with two at-grade intersections in the Caliente area before resuming freeway status east of Caliente. SR 58 then reaches the Tehachapi city limits and traverses the Tehachapi Pass before dropping out of the Tehachapi Mountains into the Antelope Valley at the town of Mojave. Freeway conditions continue from State Route 14 east of Mojave bypassing North Edwards, Edwards Air Force Base, Boron, and Kramer Junction. Approximately east of an interchange with U.S. Route 395, SR 58 resumes expressway status with two lanes in each direction until just before reaching the easternmost terminus at Interstate 15 in Barstow.
State Route 58 takes the southernmost route through the Sierra Nevada and allows motorists to travel between Northern California and points to the east, such as Las Vegas and Interstate 40, without having to face the extreme traffic congestion of greater Los Angeles. State Route 58 and Interstate 80 are the only freeways to cross the Sierra Nevada. The route also offers an alternative to the often treacherous Donner Pass to truckers traveling from the San Francisco Bay Area to points eastward; prior to the construction of Interstate 80, the road (as U.S. Route 466) was heavily used for this purpose.
SR 58 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System, and east of I-5 is part of the National Highway System, a network of highways that are considered essential to the country's economy, defense, and mobility by the Federal Highway Administration. SR 58 is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System, but it is not officially designated as a scenic highway by the California Department of Transportation. SR 58 has several names throughout its length, including the Blue Star Memorial Highway (for its entire length); the Kern County Korean War Veterans Memorial Highway, for the section from SR 184 to the Kern County/San Bernardino County Line; and the Rosa Parks Highway, for the section between SR 99 and SR 184. The Korean War Veterans name honors the approximately 8,120 veterans from Kern County, while the section named for Rosa Parks honors the civil rights activist. The portion of SR 58 from Barstow to Bakersfield is sometimes referred to as the Barstow–Bakersfield Highway.
History
State Route 58 did not exist as a California sign route until 1964, although previous to 1964, it was part of California Legislative Route 58. The other part of Legislative Route 58 is California's segment of Interstate 40; previous to 1964 it was a segment of US 66.
Prior to 1964, the segment of State Route 58 between Bakersfield and Barstow was signed U.S. Route 466. Also at that time, the segment of SR 58 between State Route 33 at McKittrick and State Route 99 in Bakersfield was signed as State Route 178. Although it was proposed for signing as Route 178 in 1934, the segment of Legislative Route 58 between US 101 near Santa Margarita and State Route 33 at McKittrick was not signed prior to 1964.
Note that US 466 was co-signed with US 99, now State Route 99, between Bakersfield and Famoso Junction. Between Famoso and US 101 at Paso Robles, US 466 largely became SR 46.
The eastern terminus was originally at I-15 in northeastern Barstow. SR 58 was rerouted to I-15 in Barstow south of the I-40 interchange in . The former eastern terminus is now known as "Old Highway 58".
Freeway bypasses in Tehachapi, Boron, Mojave, Hinkley, and Kramer Junction were completed in , 1981, 2003, 2017, and 2020, respectively.
Westside Parkway and the Centennial Corridor Project
In western Bakersfield, the Westside Parkway, a freeway running from Stockdale Highway (near Heath Road) east to Truxtun Avenue, was completed on April 15, 2015, with interchanges in between at Allen Road, Calloway Drive, Coffee Road, and Mohawk Street. Opening in stages since 2013, the road was originally under the jurisdiction of the city of Bakersfield. As part of the Centennial Corridor project, Caltrans is building an eastern extension of the Westside Parkway to the current junction of SR 58 and SR 99 at the West Bakersfield Interchange, but construction has been controversial since it displaced dozens of homes and businesses; by September 2017, all but a few buildings in the path had been demolished. Once the connection to SR 99 is completed (which is expected to occur in fall 2022), SR 58 will then be rerouted onto Stockdale Highway and the Westside Parkway, with later plans to upgrade Stockdale Highway from Heath Road west to Interstate 5 as a freeway. Bakersfield has already begun the transfer process, and the Westside Parkway is under Caltrans and California Highway Patrol jurisdiction effective February 5, 2021.
Business loops
Mojave
State Route 58 Business is a business route of California State Route 58 in Mojave. It provides access to downtown Mojave as Mojave-Barstow Highway. It also follows mostly the former routing of U.S. Route 466.
Tehachapi
State Route 58 Business is a business route of California State Route 58 in Tehachapi. It provides access to downtown Tehachapi as Tehachapi Boulevard. It also follows the former routing of U.S. Route 466 and is overlapped with State Route 202.
Boron
State Route 58 Business is a business route of California State Route 58 in Boron. It provides access to downtown Boron as Twenty Mule Team Road. It also follows the former routing of U.S. Route 466. It is signed from westbound Route 58 approaching the San Bernardino–Kern county line and the beginning of the Boron bypass.
Major intersections
Westside Parkway (Future SR 58)
This exit list consists of the former Bakersfield city-maintained freeway (now maintained by Caltrans) that will eventually become part of SR 58. Exit numbers have not yet been posted on this freeway segment.
See also
References
External links
Caltrans: Route 58 highway conditions
California Highways State Route 58
California @ AARoads.com - State Route 58
058
058
State Route 058
State Route 058
State Route 058
Mojave Desert
San Joaquin Valley
Tehachapi Mountains
Interstate 40
U.S. Route 66 in California
Transportation in Bakersfield, California
Aaron Joseph "A. J." Suggs (born December 8, 1980) was the starting quarterback for Georgia Tech in the 2002 season, and for the University of Tennessee during portions of the 2000 season. Suggs went to McEachern High School and graduated from Georgia Tech with a B.S. degree from the College of Management in 2004.
Early years
Suggs was a four-year starter for the high school football team at McEachern High School in Powder Springs, Georgia. They earned many honors including All-State, All-Region, All-District, and AP Player of the Year for the state of Georgia. After their senior season, they were named to the SuperPrep All-American team.
College career
Suggs started their career at the University of Tennessee under head coach Phillip Fulmer. They were given a redshirt season in 1999. In 2000, they started four games for the Volunteers and played in three others, completing 53.8 percent of their passes for 785 yards, with five touchdowns and three interceptions. Their best game came against LSU where they had 319 passing yards and three touchdowns. They were initially sharing playing time with sophomore Joey Mathews but both ultimately lost out to first-year student Casey Clausen.
Suggs transferred to Georgia Tech in 2001 and ushered in the new Chan Gailey regime, being the first skill position player to play for Gailey who was not recruited by previous coach George O'Leary. Due to eligibility transfer rules, they had to sit out the 2001 season. During that time, they apprenticed under former star quarterback George Godsey and eventual Delaware transfer Andy Hall.
In 2002, Suggs posted a 7–6 record as a starter, throwing 12 touchdowns, 15 interceptions, 2,142 passing yards, and completed 57.3% of their passes. Suggs's last start was in 2002 against Fresno State University in the Silicon Valley Bowl. They were taken out of the game in favor of redshirt first-year student Damarius Bilbo.
Suggs's most notable game was a victory on November 2, 2002 in Raleigh, North Carolina. Georgia Tech was 5–3 headed to face a #10 and 9–0 N.C. State squad led by All-American quarterback Philip Rivers. Suggs led the Yellow Jackets past N.C. State by a score of 24–17 with a dramatic fourth quarter rally that ended Rivers's Heisman hopes and N.C. State's national title run. Suggs passed for 211 yards and a touchdown in the victory.
Suggs lost the starting job in 2003 to true first-year student quarterback Reggie Ball. Ball started every game but two for the next four years. Suggs's main playing time as a senior in 2003 came in a loss to Georgia after Ball was injured and in a rout of the Tulsa in the Humanitarian Bowl.
See also
List of Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets starting quarterbacks
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football statistical leaders
References
External links
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets bio
1980 births
Living people
People from Powder Springs, Georgia
Sportspeople from Cobb County, Georgia
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
American football quarterbacks
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
Martha Kyrle (née Schärf; 17 April 1917 – 15 July 2017) was an Austrian physician and philanthropist.
Biography
Kyrle was born in Vienna, 17 April 1917. They the daughter of Adolf Schärf, the former federal president of Austria and their wife Hilda (22 April 1886 – 21 June 1956). As their mother died before their father was elected federal president, it was they who accompanied their father on state visits and other occasions. Although they were just the daughter of a head of state, they were the first Austrian First Lady who appeared as such in public. Due to their fashion sense and their youthful appearance they could compete with the glamour of Jackie Kennedy. They turned 100 in April 2017 and died on 15 July 2017, aged 100.
References
1917 births
2017 deaths
Physicians from Vienna
UNICEF people
Austrian officials of the United Nations
Spouses of presidents of Austria
Austrian centenarians
Women centenarians
Austrian women physicians
John Thomas Steen, Jr. (born c. 1949), is a lawyer from San Antonio, Texas, who served as the Texas Secretary of State from 2012 to 2014. Steen was appointed by Governor Rick Perry on November 27, 2012 after Esperanza Andrade resigned four days earlier from the position that they had held for more than four years. Steen is Texas' 108th Secretary of State and one of six officials to have formed the Executive Department of state government.
After just over a year in the position, Steen resigned and was succeeded on January 7, 2014, by another Perry appointee, Nandita Berry, an Indian native and naturalized American citizen from Houston.
Background
Steen is one of five children born to John Steen, Sr. (1922-2003), a native of Yoakum in southeast Texas, who owned insurance companies and also held ranching interests in surrounding counties. Their mother was the former Nell Donnell, who predeceased their husband. The senior Steen was the last chairperson of the San Antonio Good Government League and was active in the 1976 United States Bicentennial and in the National Conference of Christians and Jews. For twenty years, the senior Steen was an elected member of the Alamo Community College District. They served two terms on the San Antonio City Council and was an unsuccessful candidate for mayor in 1981 to succeed Lila Cockrell, but Henry Cisneros was instead elected to the first of four two-year terms in the position.
Steen is married to the former Ida Louise Clement, a past member of the Texas State Preservation Board in Austin, the panel which oversees the management of the State Capitol, the governor's mansion, and the Bob Bullock Texas State History Museum.  They are a former regent of the Texas A&M University System. Mrs. Steen is a descendant of Richard King, the steamboat captain who in 1853 established the King Ranch, still owned by their family. Them father, James H. Clement, was the president and chief executive of King Ranch. Them paternal grandfather, Martin W. Clement, was the president and chairperson of the Pennsylvania Railroad. Them maternal grandfather, John A. Larkin, was a founder and the vice chairperson of the Celanese Corporation of America, now based in Dallas.
The Steens have three children, John Steen, III, James Higbie Clement "Jamey" Steen, and Ida "Illa" Louise Larkin Steen Gaunt, who is married to William Hartley Gaunt of Houston, who has roots in Indiana and Kansas. The Gaunts were wed at the King Ranch in 2012.
John Steen's siblings are the late Nancy Nell Steen Boyce; Susan Margaret Steen Fainter, wife of John Wells Fainter, Jr., of Austin and the 93rd Texas Secretary of State; Rolly Robert Steen, II, M.D., of Dallas and the namesake of their paternal grandfather, and Stewart James Steen of Kerrville, Texas.
Career
Steen received their undergraduate degree from Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey, and their doctorate of jurisprudence from the University of Texas School of Law at Austin. Most recently while engaged in the private practice of law in San Antonio, Steen served under appointment of Governor Perry as a commissioner of the Texas Department of Public Safety.  They are a former gubernatorial appointee to the Texas Commission on Economy and Efficiency in State Government and the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission, on which they served for ten years, the last six as the chairperson.
References
Secretaries of State of Texas
Texas Republicans
Princeton University alumni
University of Texas School of Law alumni
1949 births
Living people
Politicians from San Antonio
Texas lawyers
American Presbyterians
Lawyers from San Antonio
Me and You are the sixth studio album by the band VAST. It compiles songs from Crosby's Generica series and models them in a more electronic, full band approach. Me and You are released to retail May 26, 2009 on Crosby's independent label, 2blossoms. When the album was purchased from the official VAST website, buyers had the option of choosing a charity to which to donate part of the sale proceeds.
Track listing
All songs written by Jon Crosby.
"You Should Have Known I'd Leave" – 3:01
"I Thought By Now" – 3:49
"Here's to All the People I Have Lost" – 4:22
"Until I Die" – 2:59
"I'm Afraid of You" – 3:25
"You're the Same" – 5:05
"Everything Has Changed" – 2:35
"You Destroy Me" – 3:51
"You Are the One" – 3:11
"Hotel Song" – 3:25
"It's Not You (It's Me)" – 4:06
"She Found Out" – 3:46
References
VAST albums
2009 albums
Deborah Corrigan is an English glamour model.
Career
Corrigan began their career as a Page 3 girl. They were also well known for having a relationship with comedian Jim Davidson. They have had breast alteration surgery (firstly for larger breasts and then to have them reduced) and surgery on their lips (lip implants).
Filmography
The Curse of Page 3 (TV) Documentary 2003
Playboy: Stripsearch UK, Naughty Housewives 1998
Office Girls and Riding Mistresses 1998
Page 3 Video: Cyber Sex 1996
Mandy's Vibrating Toes/Cindy's Jelly Feet 1995
References
External links
1970 births
English female adult models
Living people
Page 3 girls
People from Macclesfield
Louise Otto-Peters (26 March 1819, Meissen – 13 March 1895, Leipzig) was a German suffragist and women's rights movement activist who wrote novels, poetry, essays, and libretti. They wrote for Der Wandelstern [The Wandering Star] and Sächsische Vaterlandsblätter [Saxon Fatherland Pages], and founded Frauen-Zeitung and Neue Bahnen specifically for women.  They are best known as the founder in 1865 of the General German Women's Association (Allgemeiner Deutscher Frauenverein) .
Life
Louise Otto was born in Meissen, the daughter of Charlotte and Wilhelm Otto, a successful lawyer. They were educated by private tutors. In 1835, when they were 16, both their parents and an older sister died. Otto-Peters thereafter lived with their two older sisters. At this point, they began writing novels, short stories, poetry, and political articles to make a living. They additionally worked as a journalist from 1843 "with articles about their concept of femininity, as well as women and politics".
Otto-Peters became friends with Robert Blum and other democrats, and this connection permitted them to contribute to their newspapers, specifically, Der Wandelstern [The Wandering Star] and Sächsische Vaterlandsblätter [Saxon Fatherland Pages]. By the autumn of 1843 Otto-Peters had become a regular staff member for these two publications, occasionally writing under the pseudonym of Otto Stern. After the democratic revolution of 1848, Otto-Peters founded Frauen-Zeitung, the first political women's newspaper in Germany. Them newspaper brought forth a new law to be implemented which explicitly forbade women to be editors of newspapers in Saxony. Them newspaper moved from Leipzig to Gera (beyond the borders of Saxony) and under this condition was able to continue publishing until 1853.
Louise Otto became engaged to August Peters in 1849, but they were soon thereafter imprisoned for their rebellious stance against the government. They eventually married in 1858, but in 1864 August Peters died from heart disease.
Louise founded the women's journal Neue Bahnen in 1855. In 1865, Louise Otto-Peters, Minna Cauer, and other women suffragists founded the Allgemeiner Deutscher Frauenverein [General German Women's Association] and participated in the first women's conference in Leipzig. They were the primary editor of Neue Bahnen until their death in 1895.
 They are buried in the Neuen Johannisfriedhof in Leipzig.
Literary and historical significance
They were called by peers the "songbird of the German women's movement". Them first socio-political novel was Ludwig the Waiter (1843), followed by Castle and Factory (1846–1847), initially confiscated but brought attention to their works. Otto-Peters called on the public for better working conditions for poor women.
According to Ann T. Allen:
Otto-Peters understood emancipation as the validation of qualities that they considered distinctly female, including compassion and human concern, rather than as imitation of men. They stressed the importance of these qualities to the public as well as the private sphere, arguing that well-paying jobs for women would advance the welfare of individual women in society as a whole.
Recognition
The 1958 East German film Nur eine Frau (Only one Woman) is based on their life.
Published works
Louise Otto-Peters's published works as cited by An Encyclopedia of Continental Women Writers:
Novels:
Ludwig der Kellner, 2 volumes, 1843.
Kathinka, 2 volumes, 1844.
Die Freunde, 3 volumes, 1845.
Schloß und Fabrik, 4 volumes, 1846-1847.
Römisch und deutsch, 4 volumes, 1847.
Buchenheim, 3 volumes, 1851.
Jesuiten und Pietisten oder Cäcilie Telville, 3 volumes, 1852.
Zwei Generationen, 3 volumes, 1852.
Nürnberg, 3 volumes, 1858.
Die Schultheientochter von Nürnberg, 3 volumes, 1861.
Neue Bahnen, 2 volumes, 1864.
Die Idealisten, 4 volumes, 1867.
Die Stiftsherren von Straburg, 2 volumes, 1872.
Die Nachtigall von Werawag, 4 volumes, 1887.
Novellas and short stories:
Aus der neuen Zeit, 1845.
Aus der alten Zeit, 2 volumes, 1860.
Kunst und Künstlerleben, 1863.
Mädchenbilder aus der Gegenwart, 1864.
Musikerleiden und- freuden, 1871.
Zwischen den Bergen, 2 volumes, 1873.
Aus vier Jahrhunderten, 2 volumes, 1883.
Poems:
Lieder eines deutschen Mädchens, 1848.
Westwärts, 1849.
Gedichte, 1868.
Mein Lebensgang, 1893.
Other:
Adresse eines deutschen Mädchens, 1848.
Die Kunst und unsere Zeit, 1852.
Das Recht der Frauen auf Erwerb, 1866.
Privatgeschichten der Weltgeschichte, 6 volumes, 1868-1872.
Frauenleben im Deutschen Reich, 1876.
Das erste Vierteljahrhundert des Allgemeinen Deutschen Frauenvereins, 1890.
Opera libretti:
Die Nibelungen, 1852.
Theodor Körner, 1867.
Editor or co-editor of journals:
Deutsche Frauenzeitung
Mitteldeutsche Volkszeitung
Neue Bahnen
Vaterlandsblätter (contributor under the pseudonym Otto Stern)
See also
Luise Aston
References
Further reading
Adler, Hans. "On a Feminist Controversy: Louise Otto vs. Louise Aston," in Joeres, Ruth-Ellen B. and M.J. Maynes, eds., German Women in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries: A Social and Literary History. Bloomington: Indiana UP, 1986: 193-214.
Joeres, Ruth-Ellen Boetcher. Die Anfänge der deutschen Frauenbewegung: Louise Otto-Peters. Frankfurt a/M: Fischer, 1983.
Joeres, Ruth-Ellen Boetcher. "Louise Otto and Them Journals: A Chapter in Nineteenth-Century German Feminism," in Internationales Archiv für Sozialgeschichte der deutschen Literatur, IV (1979): 100-29.
Koepcke, Cordula. Louise Otto-Peters. Die rote Demokratin. Freiburg: Herder, 1981.
Diethe, Carol. The life and work of Germany's founding feminist Louise Otto-Peters (1819 –1895). Lewiston: Edwin Mellen Press, 2002 (in English)
External links
A selection of works by Otto-Peters from the Sophie database
1819 births
1895 deaths
German feminists
German suffragists
19th-century German people
19th-century German women writers
19th-century German writers
Harold B. Lee Library-related rare books articles
Writers from Leipzig
Soaz or soz (Persian and Urdu: سوز) is an elegiac poem written to commemorate the honor of Husain ibn Ali and their family and Sahabah in the battle of Karbala. In its form the soaz, salam and Marsiya, with a rhyming quatrain and a couplet on a different rhyme. This form found a specially congenial soil in Lucknow (a city in Northern India), chiefly because it was the center of Shia Muslim community, which regarded it an act of piety and religious duty to eulogies and bemoan the person who killed in the battle of Karbala. The form reached its peak in the writing of Mir Babar Ali Anis. A soaz is written to commemorate the honor of Ahl al-Bayt, Imam Hussain and Battle of Karbala. The sub-parts of Marsiya can be called Noha and soz which means the lamentation and burning of (heart) respectively.
People who recite soaz are known as soazkhawan.
See also
Syed Ali Ausat Zaidi, Prominent Urdu Soazkhawan
Marsiya
Noha
Rawda Khwani
External links
Soazkhwani by Professor Sibte Jafar Zaidi
Soaz by Sibte Jaffer
Soazkhwani by Syed Ali Ausat Zaidi
Soazkhwani by Azeemul Mohsin
Soazkhuani by Muhammad Ali Naqvi, Hasan Abid Jafri, Abid Hussain Naqvi
Urdu-language poetry
Shia literature
Cultural depictions of Husayn ibn Ali
Joshua Finnie (born 18 December 1996) is a New Zealand first-class cricketer. They were part of New Zealand's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In December 2015 they were named as the captain of New Zealand's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
In June 2018, they were awarded a contract with Otago for the 2018–19 season. In June 2020, they were offered a contract by Otago ahead of the 2020–21 domestic cricket season.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Library (; lit: Library of Love) is a Thai short film released in 2013.
Summary
Jim uses the library where Ann work as a librarian. Jim secretly falls in love with Ann at first sight, but the library rule "Please Quiet" prohibits Jim from talking to Ann. They start writing letters to Ann on the lending cards of the books they borrowed, without Ann's knowledge. When Jim's ex returns the last book they borrowed, Ann hears that Jim died of liver cancer. As they start crying with the book in their hand one of their tears fall onto the card causing them to notice the letter written on the other side.
Cast
Ananda Everingham as Jim Arnothai
Selina Wiesmann as Ann
Niti Chaichitathorn as Boy
Nutcha Ardam as Jim's girlfriend
Production and release
The Library is a short film produced by Mono Music (in a network of Mono Group) and released on August 29, 2013 at 05:00pm on Zaa Network (present MONO29).
Original soundtrack
Yak Hai Kwam Kid Mee Siang (อยากให้ความคิดมีเสียง; "Silent Thought") by Lakkana Huangmaneerungroj.
References
External links
Behind the scenes
2013 films
Thai films
2013 short films
Thai-language films
Films set in 2006
Films set in 2013
Eloísa Gómez-Lucena is a Spanish contemporary writer.
Gómez-Lucena earned a degree in Philosophy, with a specialty in Anthropology at the Universidad Autónoma de Madrid and graduated in Library science and Archival science at the CEBD (Ministerio de Cultura de España). They make a living as a librarian and author.
Bibliography
Del Atlántico al Pacífico: Tras los pasos de Cabeza de Vaca por Estados Unidos y México [Travel]. Córdoba: Editorial Almuzara (Colección Sotavento), 2018. .
Naufragios, de Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca. Col. Letras Hispánicas. Edición crítica de Eloísa Gómez-Lucena y Rubén Caba. Madrid: Cátedra, 2018.
Españolas del Nuevo Mundo: Ensayos biográficos, siglo XVI-XVII. Madrid: Cátedra, 2013. Biographies of Spanish women in America. .
La odisea de Cabeza de Vaca (co-author). Barcelona y Buenos Aires: Edhasa, 2008 [www.edhasa.es]. This historical essay clarifies the text of Shipwrecks, as well as establishing the route taken by Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca and their three companions. The authors followed the complete route from Tampa, Florida to Culiacán, Mexico, near the Pacific coast, in the summer of 2004. .
El zoo urbano. Sevilla: Espuela de Plata (Editorial Renacimiento), 2008 [www.editorialrenacimiento.com]. Novel about terrorism intrigue and also a story of love in Madrid downtown. .
Cabeza de Vaca. El Ulises del Nuevo Mundo (co-author). Barcelona: Review of History "Clío", nº 84, October 2008, pp. 72–79. ISSN 1579-3532.
La odisea de Cabeza de Vaca (co-author). Review “La Aventura de la Historia”, nº 84, October 2005, p. 96–101. Includes a clear description of the route of Cabeza de Vaca in 16th century and a map.
Expedición al Paraíso. Sevilla: Espuela de Plata (Ed. Renacimiento), 2004 [www.editorialrenacimiento.com]. Historical novel about women of the 16th century traveling from Sevilla to Asunción de Paraguay (1550–1556). .
Investigación y reconstrucción histórica del viaje de Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca por los actuales Estados Unidos y México (2004). Ministerio de Cultura. Research projects and Study about the travel of Cabeza de Vaca around the United States and Mexico.
Congress and symposiums
Conferences, talks and papers about Spanish conquers and women scouts-explorers in Españolas del Nuevo Mundo, ensayos biográficos XVI-XVII: Sociedad Geográfica Española (SGE), Casa de Cultura Ignacio Aldecoa (Vitoria), Feria del Libro Extremeño en Almendralejo, Aula Hoy (Cáceres y Badajoz), Jornada de Extremeños en América (Trujillo), etc. 2013-2018.
Interviews and literary debate about Españolas del Nuevo Mundo, en RNE-1, RNE-5, Cadena Ser, Onda Cero, etc. 2013-2018.
Españolas de armas tomar en la América del XVI. Lecture in the summer's course "Las claves de un renacimiento femenino: en busca de la 'Ciudad de las damas'. UNED: Guadalajara, 14–18 July 2008.
La adelantada doña Mencía Calderón y la expedición Sanabria. Lecture at "XVI Semana Cultural de la Hispanidad". Medellín, 11–17 October 2004.
Las ilusiones de la lectura. Lecture in the Palacio de Minería de la Ciudad de México at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México and the Universidad del Claustro Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Ciudad de México, March 1998.
External links
(ABC: "Españolas del Nuevo Mundo")
(Medellín: "Españolas del Nuevo Mundo")
(Interview Ser-Historia, min. 12.52 al 29.25)
(Abstract of historical novel Expedición al Paraíso).
(Video and interview about Españolas del Nuevo Mundo)
(Interview about Cabeza de Vaca)
Living people
Spanish women novelists
20th-century Spanish novelists
20th-century Spanish women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The comber (; Serranus cabrilla) is a species of marine ray-finned fish from the family Serranidae, the sea basses. It is widely distributed in the eastern North and South Atlantic Oceans and into the southwestern Indian Ocean. It is caught for food and fishmeal in some parts of its range.
Description
The comber has a relatively stout body with a large head and a prominent jaw. It has two dorsal fins, the first has 11 thin spines and is joined to the second, which has 13-15 branched rays. The anal fin has 3 spines and 7-8 soft rays. The caudal fin is slightly truncate in shape. The colouration of the comber varies from light brown to dark brown to an intense reddish brown. It is marked with 7 to 9 darker transverse bands along its flanks, these are broken by a longitudinal white to yellowish stripe, running from the head to the tail. There are a few yellow or orange longitudinal lines on the sides of the head. The first dorsal fin is normally folded flat against the back when the fish is in the water. The comber can reach a standard length of but fish are more common.
Distribution
The comber has an extensive distribution in the eastern Atlantic where it is found in the warmer waters in the south and southwest of England and off western Wales, south along the European coast, to the Straits of Gibraltar and into the Mediterranean and Black Seas. It also occurs along the west coast of Africa from Morocco southwards to Angola. Combers are found around the islands of Macaronesia and São Tomé and Príncipe in the Gulf of Guinea. It also occurs off the coasts of South Africa where it is found from the Cape of Good Hope to KwaZulu-Natal. Records from the Red Sea were thought to be a result of Anti-Lessepsian migration from the Mediterranean via the Suez Canal. However, genetic analysis demonstrated that the Red Sea population must have existed before the opening of the Suez Canal.
Habitat and biology
The comber occurs over the continental shelf and upper continental slope among rocks, Posidonia beds, and where there are substrates of sand and mud. It can be found to depths of . It is a predatory species which feeds mainly on crustaceans. Off the Canary Islands the diet varied with size, the smaller fish consuming more crabs while the larger fish ate carideans. Elsewhere their diet has been recorded as very varied and includes small and immature fish, annelids, squid and they have also been recorded scavenging on dead marine animals.
The comber is a solitary and territorial species. They spawn between May and July, and are hermaphrodites, mature fish having both ovaries and testes. They are capable of being either male or female, and there are known to have been instances of self-fertilisation where fish have been unable to locate a partner for spawning. Sexual maturity is attained when the fish reaches a length of .
Fisheries
The comber is of low commercial value, approximately 1,000 tons are landed from European waters. It is eaten as well as being processed for fishmeal.
References
External links
Rare Fish Records
Comber (fish)
Marine fauna of North Africa
Fish of Western Asia
Fish of the East Atlantic
Fish of the Mediterranean Sea
Fish of the Black Sea
Fish described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Mălureni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bunești, Mălureni, Păuleasca, Toplița and Zărnești.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Inaccessible Island finch (Nesospiza acunhae), also known as the Inaccessible bunting, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae (formerly in Emberizidae).
It is endemic to Inaccessible Island of the Tristan da Cunha archipelago where its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and subantarctic grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Inaccessible Island finch was previously considered two species, but the three subspecies are now grouped together.
Subspecies
The subspecies of this species are:
N. a. acunhae Cabanis, 1873. Found along the coastline, and has a small beak and drab olive-grey plumage, though the male is slightly brighter than the female.
N. a. dunnei Hagen, 1952. Found on the eastern edge of the island's plateau and the coastline, and has a large beak. It is larger than the other subspecies.
N. a. fraseri Ryan, 2008. Found on the Island's plateau at 300–600 meters (984–1969 feet), and has a small beak and bright yellow plumage. It has a large head long wings.
Description
It ranges from in length and weighs . All subspecies are some shade of olive-green. The call is a repeated series of three to four notes.
Diet
The Inaccessible Island finch eats mainly seeds and insects. The plants consumed vary by subspecies. N. a. acunhae eats the seeds of Spartinia grasses, such as Sporobolus arundinacea, as well as Carex. N. a. fraseri feeds on Nertera. N.a. dunnei feeds on Phylica. All subspecies of N. acunhae use flies as their main source of prey.
Reproduction
It breeds from November to February. They are usually monogamous, and partners remain together for successive breeding attempts. Females lay one or two eggs in a cup nest close to the ground.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Nesospiza acunhae. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded 26 July 2007.
Specific
Inaccessible Island finch
Inaccessible Island finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lakhchayda (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 44 as of 2010.
Geography
Lakhchayda is located 43 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Agada and Egeda are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Dan Cragg (born September 6, 1939) is an American science fiction author.
Biography
Cragg was born in Rochester, Newy York. They served in the United States Army from 1958 to 1980, retiring with the rank of Sergeant Major. They served two tours of duty in Vietnam, 1962–63 and 1965-69 as well as tours of duty in Germany, Italy, and South Korea. From 1985 to 2003, worked in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Washington, DC as a management analyst; member, Fairfax County History Commission, 1997–2003; auxiliary police officer, Fairfax County PD, 1996–2002.
During their tour of duty in the US Army Cragg received, among other awards, the Vietnam Armed Forces Honor Medal and the Vietnam Service Medal, with eleven campaign stars.
Writing career
Cragg writes both military-related fiction and non-fiction.
Non-fiction
The NCO Guide (1982)
A Travel Guide to Military Installations (1983, 2nd edition published as A Guide to Military Installations, 1988)
A Dictionary of Soldier Talk (1984, with John Elting and Ernest Deal)
Inside the VC and NVA: The Real Story of North Vietnam's Armed Forces (1992, with Michael Lee Lanning).
Top Sergeant: The Life and Times of Sergeant Major of the Army William G. Bainbridge (1995, with William G. Bainbridge).
Generals in Muddy Boots: A Concise Encyclopedia of Combat Commanders (1996, with Walter J. Boyne).
As editor
Francis Grose, The Mirror's File: Advice to the Officers of the British Army, with a Biographical Sketch of the Life and a Bibliography of the Works of Captain Francis Grose, F.S.A. (1978, also wrote introduction).
Guardians of the Republic (A History of the non-commissioned officer corps of the U.S. Army) (1992)
Operation Thirty-Four Alpha (history of U.S.-controlled commando operations in North Vietnam, 1992)
Fiction
The Soldier's Prize (novel, 1986)
Science fiction
The StarFist Saga (with David Sherman)
First to Fight (1997)
School of Fire (1998)
Steel Gauntlet (1999)
Blood Contact (1999)
TechnoKill (2000)
Hangfire (2000)
Kingdom's Swords (2002)
Kingdom's Fury (2003)
Lazarus Rising (2003)
A World of Hurt (2004)
Flashfire (2006)
Firestorm (2007)
Wings of Hell (2008)
Double Jeopardy (2009)
The StarFirst: Force Recon Saga (with David Sherman)
Backshot (2005)
PointBlank 2006
Recoil 2008
Novels not part of a series
Jedi Trial (with David Sherman) (2004)
References
External links
Starfist Headquarters (fan site)
Living people
1939 births
20th-century American novelists
American science fiction writers
Military science fiction writers
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
George Mason University alumni
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
The Dutch shipbuilding firm The Damen Group, designs
and manufactures a wide variety of vessels, including a range of related patrol vessels known generally as the Damen Stan Patrol vessels'''.
The Damen Stan Patrol designs' names include a four-digit code, where the first two digits are the vessel's length, in metres, and the second two digits are its width. Over a dozen nations have classes of vessels based on the Damen Stan 4207 patrol vessel design, which are long and wide. The United States Coast Guard's Sentinel class cutters, based on the Damen Stan 4708 patrol vessel design, are long and wide.
In the late 1990s three 41 vessels were built for service in the Dutch Antilles, and experience with those vessels informed the later designs of the 4207 and 4708.
Rather than design vessels that were strictly for naval use, the underlying Damen Stan Patrol designs do not include weapons, or a sensor suite. The designs have been adapted for constabulary duties, and for fishery and environmental patrols. According to Sanjay Badri-Maharaj, of the -Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, described how adding an autocannon and military class sensor suite to the USCG's Sentinel class boosted its cost per vessel from $20 million USD to $65 million.
In recent years Damen has developed Damen Stan Patrol vessels based on their Sea Axe bow design.
The Stan 4207 design are patrol vessels.
They are wide, and can travel at .
They are designed to carry a complement of approximately a dozen.
The Stan Patrol 4708 is long, wide, has a maximum speed of , and carries a complement of 16-24.
Different variants
Damen Stan 2606 patrol vessel
Damen Stan 3007 patrol vessel
Damen Stan 3307 patrol vessel
Damen Stan 4100 patrol vessel
Damen Stan 4207 patrol vessel
Damen Stan 4708 patrol vessel
Damen Stan 5009 patrol vessel
Vessels
Vessels of this type have been supplied to, or ordered by a number of countries.
As of December 2011 thirty five vessels had been built.
Many of the agencies that employ these vessels have them delivered without armament, or solely with small arms. They are equipped with water cannon. Many of the agencies that employ these vessels specified they should be equipped with stern launching ramp, capable of launching and retrieving a pursuit craft (RHIB) while underway. The vessels are equipped with a horizontal thruster in their bows, to aid maneuvering in tight conditions, such as mooring in crowded anchorages. The ship is well known for their sea handling capabilities and comfort. Many are powered by Caterpillar engines.
A 5009 vessel MY Ocean Warrior was also built for Neptune's Navy of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society in 2015–2016.
See also
Damen Group
Holland-class offshore patrol vessel - A larger patrol vessel that can operate offshore.
References
Patrol boat classes
Damen Group
Paradoris caerulea is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 2007
Angelo F. Ponte (April 20, 1925 – December 12, 2018) was an American mobster. They were reportedly active in the Genovese family's carting rackets for many decades. They were careful to cultivate political connections, and managed to have themselves named a Knight of Malta by the Catholic Church.
Ponte was a target of the operation wasteland investigation. On 28 January 1997 they pleaded guilty to participating in a Mafia run operation to control and manipulate the cartage business in New York City. At the same hearing, their son Vincent pleaded guilty to paying a $10,000 bribe.
They were the founder of F. Illi Ponte Ristorante on the West Side highway and has extensive real estate holdings throughout the lower west side of Manhattan. Ponte died in February 2017 at the age of 92.He had four siblings Vincent, John, Margaret, and Dina.
Notes and references
 They are also a major character in the book Takedown: The Fall of the Last Mafia Empire by Rick Cowan. Ponte is one of four brothers Frank, Anthony, and Joseph. It is rumored to be that they are also part of the Genovese crime family.
1925 births
2017 deaths
American gangsters of Italian descent
American Roman Catholics
Genovese crime family
Knights of Malta
The Saber is an Emirati low-observable, long-range air-launched cruise missile developed by Halcon Systems for the United Arab Emirates Air force.
References
Cruise missiles
District 5 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Jackson County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Pam Marsh of Ashland.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Jackson County, Oregon
Phyllonorycter quercialbella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and the eastern United States including Illinois, New York and Kentucky.
The wingspan is about 7 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus macrocarpa, Quercus nigra and Quercus velutina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
External links
Bug Guide
quercialbella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Brian Vincent Tobin (born October 21, 1954) is a Canadian business person and former politician. Tobin served as the sixth premier of Newfoundland from 1996 to 2000. Tobin was also a prominent Member of Parliament and served as a cabinet minister in Jean Chrétien's Liberal government.
Early life, education, and family
Tobin was born in Stephenville, Newfoundland. They studied political science at Memorial University of Newfoundland in St. John's, but did not complete their degree. They worked a brief stint as a TV news announcer with NBC (now NTV) before joining the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador as a political aide to former federal Member of Parliament (MP) and federal cabinet minister Don Jamieson.
Tobin is married to Jodean (Smith) and they have three children: Heather, Adam, and Jack.
Political career
Tobin was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal in the 1980 election. They were re-elected in the 1984 election even though Brian Mulroney's, Progressive Conservative Party (PC) won the largest majority government in Canadian history. It was at this time however that Tobin gained prominence as a member of the "Rat Pack", which was the nickname given to a group of young, high-profile Canadian Liberal opposition MPs during Mulroney's government.
In government
Following the 1993 election in which the Liberals regained power from the Progressive Conservatives after almost a decade in opposition, Tobin was appointed Minister of Fisheries and Oceans.
In the ministry, Tobin distinguished themselves from their colleagues with speeches rife with rhetoric and their youthful exuberance. Throughout 1994 they mounted a fierce campaign against foreign over-fishing of waters on the nose and tail of the Grand Banks, located just outside Canada's declared 200 nautical mile (370 km) Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). People across Canada took notice of this new and aggressive posture, a position that had not been taken by a federal minister—Liberal or Conservative—since the EEZ was declared in 1977.
Critics note that Tobin was likely doing this to preserve their political life in their home province. At this point, Newfoundland and Labrador was wracked by rapidly rising unemployment and social unrest over the fiscal situation which many believed had been caused by federal mismanagement of foreign and domestic overfishing. This had resulted in the 1990 "Northern Cod Moratorium." In April 1995, Tobin's department was embroiled in the Turbot War (known in Spain as Guerra del Fletán). They received full backing of the United Kingdom and Ireland in the pursuit. Later that month, Tobin conducted an international news conference from a barge on the East River outside the United Nations headquarters and dramatically displayed an illegal, under Canadian Law, trawl net that had allegedly been cut from a Spanish trawler which was arrested outside the Canadian EEZ, on international waters. The net was over 16 stories high and was hung from a crane causing a media sensation. Tobin was accused by the arrested shipmen of ill-intentionally orchestrating a media-oriented frame-up to mislead attention from economic and public image problems Canada was facing.
Tobin helped organize a pro-Canada rally in Montreal before the October 1995 Quebec referendum—busing in thousands of university students and other residents from English Canada. For their roles as Fisheries Minister and in the referendum, they earned the nickname "Captain Canada".
Premier of Newfoundland
In 1996, Tobin resigned from federal politics to succeed Clyde Wells as leader of the governing Liberal Party of Newfoundland and premier. The Liberal Party won a large majority government later that year. During their time as premier Tobin pursued tough negotiations with out-of-province companies seeking to export resources for refining and smelting elsewhere. They insisted that the resources will never be mined unless Newfoundlanders received secondary manufacturing and tertiary service spin-offs. A similar tough stance was taken in seeking to develop the Lower Churchill River, keeping in mind the contract their predecessor Joey Smallwood had negotiated. Their Liberals won re-election in 1999.
It was also during this time in the lead-up to the millennium that Newfoundland undertook an aggressive tourism marketing campaign which focused on important anniversaries such as the 500th year since John Cabot's voyage of discovery (1997), as well as the 1000th year since Vikings, such as Leif Ericson, made landfall on the province's shores (2000).
Return to federal politics
In October 2000, Tobin suddenly resigned to join the federal Cabinet and run for re-election to the House of Commons in a snap election called by Governor General Adrienne Clarkson on the advice of their prime minister, Jean Chrétien. Chrétien advised that their friend be appointed as Minister of Industry before the election, replacing John Manley, and Tobin was easily elected in the riding of Bonavista—Trinity—Conception. Their departure from the premiership caused speculation among Newfoundlanders and Canadians about their aspirations for the leadership of the federal Liberals following what was assumed would be Chrétien's final term as prime minister. Tobin's position in Industry would allow them to develop a relationship with the nation's business leaders who would ultimately be financing any potential leadership campaign. In January 2002, Tobin abruptly resigned both their cabinet portfolio and parliament seat. Observers interpreted that their departure of federal politics was due to their frustration at the stranglehold on the future leadership of the Liberal party by the then Minister of Finance, Paul Martin, and possibly because Chrétien had promoted Manley to Deputy Prime Minister, which designated Manley as a preferred successor.
Post-political career
In retirement from politics, Tobin has served on the board of several Canadian corporations. They became CEO of Magna International Developments (MID), controller of Magna's vast real estate and horse track holdings, the latter through Magna Entertainment Corporation. After only a few months in the position, they left after disagreements with Magna chairperson and controlling shareholder Frank Stronach. The dispute was supposedly over the propriety of a share buyback program, while others suggested that it was because Stronach would not give Tobin autonomy to operate. Tobin has since joined the libertarian think-tank the Fraser Institute. In the past, Tobin had referred to the Fraser Institute and its fellows as "Loony-Tunes". It is there that Tobin began their association with the ideas and political plans of Preston Manning and Mike Harris. Tobin is also a Senior Business Advisor with Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP in Toronto and is a member of the firm's Public Policy Group.Through their involvement in policy decisions first entered as ideals at the Fraser Institute, Tobin has influenced the sale of energy interests in Alberta including the sale of two billion dollars worth of Alberta oil and gas interests to Abu Dhabi a Middle Eastern company through their Houston affiliate as shown on the Fraser Milner Casgrain website.
In 2003 Tobin authored their biography titled "All In Good Time".
With the defeat of the Liberals in the 2006 Canadian federal election to Stephen Harper's Conservatives, Prime Minister Martin resigned from the leadership of the party. There were frequent rumors that Tobin, and other former cabinet colleagues Allan Rock and John Manley would run to succeed Martin. On January 31, 2006, Tobin officially announced that they would not be running for the federal Liberal leadership.
On December 25, 2010, Tobin's son Jack was charged with impaired driving causing death over an incident in which their best friend, Alex Zolpis, was killed. Their son later pleaded guilty and was granted full parole just over a year into a three-year sentence.
They were appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada on 19 November 2012. Their citation reads:
Brian Tobin is highly regarded for their strong and principled leadership. As a federal cabinet minister, they were instrumental in leading the implementation of the Oceans Act, which provides a unique framework for modern ocean management. They also took a strong stance against offshore over-fishing by foreign fleets. Their term as premier of Newfoundland and Labrador was marked by important economic reforms to traditional industries, the modernization of the educational system, and the development of the offshore oil and gas industry. In the corporate sector, they are known for their commitment to sound governance and corporate social responsibility.
In April 2013, BMO Capital Markets, the investment & corporate banking arm of BMO Financial Group, announced that it hired Tobin as Vice-Chair.
References
External links
1954 births
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Living people
Members of the 26th Canadian Ministry
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Newfoundland and Labrador
Members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Premiers of Newfoundland and Labrador
People from Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador
Memorial University of Newfoundland alumni
Officers of the Order of Canada
The 1944 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1944 college football season.
Schedule
Roster
Frank Broyles
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football
Gunamusan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County. Gunamusan has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of South Korea
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
Bălănești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bălănești, Blidari, Cânepești, Glodeni, Ohaba, Voiteștii din Deal and Voiteștii din Vale.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Monte Colma is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 856 metres.
Nature conservation
Part of the mountain is included in the Piedmontese natural park of the Capanne di Marcarolo.
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
Mountains under 1000 metres
Mountains of the Apennines
The 1935 Washington Senators won 67 games, lost 86, and finished in sixth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
External links
1935 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1935 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
John Holder may refer to:
John Holder (cricketer) (born 1945), English former cricketer and umpire
John Holder (bishop) (born 1949), Anglican Archbishop of the West Indies
Ram John Holder (born 1934), British actor
Sir John Charles Holder, 1st Baronet (1838–1923), of the Holder baronets
Sir John Eric Duncan Holder, 3rd Baronet (1899–1986), of the Holder baronets
Sir (John), Henry Holder, 4th Baronet (1928–2020), of the Holder baronets
John N. Holder, associated with Holder Plantation; longtime owner/editor of The Jackson Herald and candidate for Governor in U.S. state of Georgia
See also
John Houlder (1916–2012), British engineer
The Alagoas antwren (Myrmotherula snowi) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Habitat
The Alagoas antwren is found in subtropical or tropical moist lowland in a 230 km2 range at 500–790 m elevation in Brazil, across Murici, Mata do Estado, and Serra do Urubu.
Conservation
The Alagoas antwren is considered critically endangered, with a population estimated at fewer than 30 individuals as of 2014. Additionally, this population is thought to be decreasing due to farming, ranching, logging, and urban development within its range. As of 2018, there are concerns that a lack of recent records outside of Murici suggests that the population outside of it has severely decreased if not disappeared.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Myrmotherula
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Birds described in 1983
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
{{Infobox person
| name = Venus Terzo
| image =
| alt =
| caption =
| birth_name =
| birth_date =
| birth_place =
| death_date =
| death_place =
| nationality = Canadian
| occupation = Actress
| years_active = 1987–present
| notable_works = {{Plainlist|
Beast Wars as Blackarachnia
Da Vinci's Inquest as Angela Kosmo
Ranma ½as Female Ranma Saotome
Gundam SEED Destiny as Talia Gladys
Vision of Escaflowne (Bandai Entertainment dub) as Millerna Aston
X-Men: Evolution as Jean Grey
}}
| spouse = José Charbonneau
}}Venus Terzo' is a Canadian actor who played Detective Angela Kosmo in Da Vinci's Inquest and its spinoff, Da Vinci's City Hall. They were nominated in 2002 for the Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role in that same role. They also have voiced several roles in animated shows: Jean Grey in X-Men: Evolution, Blackarachnia in Beast Wars, the female Ranma Saotome from Ranma ½. They were the voice of Rainbow Dash and Sparkleworks in the "Generation 3" My Little Pony DVDs, and voiced Rainbow Dash in My Little Pony Live.
Selected filmography
Film
Hostage Negotiator - Skyscraper Marion Lane - Spectacular! Bonnie - Meltdown: Days of Destruction Barbarotious - Warriors of Virtue Spanish Woman's Daughter Ruby - Immediate Family Theresa Fernandez - Voyage of Terror Carla Browning - Painkiller Jane Susan Jennings - Circle of Friends Kathy - Echo Assistant - Born to Run Stacey - To Grandmother's House We Go Soap Opera Woman 1 - Laura Lansing Slept Here Sophie - American Boyfriends Isabelle Garcia - Behind the Camera: The Unauthorized Story of Mork and Mindy McKenzie - 12 Rounds 2: Reloaded Nettie - Murder They Baked: A Deadly Recipe Lani Tam - Hot Wheels World Race & Hot Wheels AcceleRacersTelevision
Valeria Crossley - Psych
Angela Kosmo - Da Vinci's Inquest and Da Vinci's City Hall Monica Reynolds - Madison (4 episodes)
Linda Pratt and Lena Graf - Viper episodes "People Like Us" and "On a Roll"
Star and Sheila Brown - Mom P.I. episodes "The Shadows" and "Gumshoe"
Melina Saris - Whistler episodes "The Burden of Truth" and "Scratching the Surface"
Dr. Anna Rosoff and Spokeswoman - The Twilight Zone episode "The Pool Guy"
Melinda and Elsie - 21 Jump Street episodes "Diplomas for Sale" and "Come from the Shadows"
Valerie Sanducci - Street Legal, 14 episodes
Dr. Elisa Schwartz - Arrow, 13 episodes
Lillie Lightship - Tugs, 3 episodes
Dr. Francine Michaels - Stargate SG-1, Season 6, Episode 4, 2002
Rita Gallo - The Murders, 8 episodesOther Women's Children (television movie; 1993)
Andrea Jills - The L Word, season 5 episode 1
Cyndi - Stephen King's It (1990)
Animation
Barbie: Mermaidia - Azura, & Purple Merfairy
The Barbie Diaries - Tia
Barbie: Fairytopia - Azura
Barbie: Fairytopia Magic of the Rainbow - Azura, and Pixie #1
Death Note - Mary Kenwood a.k.a. Wedy
Beast Wars: Transformers - Blackarachnia
Beast Machines: Transformers - Blackarachnia
Boys Over Flowers - Minako Yamano
ReBoot - Gigagirl and Copygirl
Barbie of Swan Lake - Lila the Unicorn
The Adventures of T. rex - Ginger and Mae
Captain N: The Game Master - Princess Lana and Medusa
Cardcaptors - Samantha Taylor
Fantastic Four: World's Greatest Heroes - Lucia von Bardas
Gintama° - Gintoki Sakata (Genderbend Form)
Gundam Seed Destiny - Talia Gladys
Hamtaro - Charlotte Yoshi
My Little Pony - Rainbow Dash and Sparkleworks
The New Adventures of He-Man - Crita, Mara and Sorceress
Project A-Ko movies 2-6 - B-ko Daitokuji
Ranma ½ - Ranma Saotome (female)
Inuyasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time - Ruri
Inuyasha: The Final Act - Spirit of Mount Azusa
Saber Marionette J - Tiger
Star Ocean EX - Celines Jules
The Vision of Escaflowne (Bandai Entertainment dub) - Princess Millerna Aston
X-Men: Evolution - Jean Grey
Devil Kings - Venus
Kong: The Animated Series - Amina
MegaMan NT Warrior - Aki
Magic Knight Rayearth - Luce
Captain Zed and the Zee Zone - P.J.
Action Man - Agent Diana Zurvis
Heroes on Hot Wheels - Hannah, Julie Wood and Ruth Wong
Skysurfer Strike Force - Lazerette and Myko
King Arthur and the Knights of Justice - Lady Elaine
The Adventures of Mowgli - Mother Wolf
Sleeping Beauty - Misc
Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Wars - Princess Katrina
Darkstalkers - Mariko
Project ARMS - Katsumi Akagi
A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation - Siu Deep
Master Keaton - Sophia
G.I. Joe: Valor vs. Venom and G.I. Joe: Ninja Battles - Jinx
Mobile Suit Gundam - Jacqueline Simone
My Little Pony Tales - Dazzle and Patch
Vor-Tech: Undercover Conversion Squad - Miranda Ortiz/Firefly
Eat-Man '98 - Detective Amie
Heaven's Fire - Michelle
The SoulTaker - Olivia Carlisle
Trouble Chocolate - Deborah and Mecha-Deborah
Street Fighter - La Lupa
Kishin Corps: Alien Defender Geo-Armor - Lt. Yoshiko Fujishima
Human Crossing - Ryoko Wakabayashi
Dokkoida?! - Marilyn Ranmoe
The Little Prince - Marieke
Pocket Dragon Adventures - Cuddles
Stories From My Childhood, Goodtimes Fairy Tales, The Littlest Pet Shop, The New Adventures of Kimba The White Lion, Funky Fables and Fat Dog Mendoza - Various Characters
A Christmas Adventure ...From a Book Called Wisely's Tales - Dancer
Mega Man - Female Patrons and Funworld Employee
Heroes on Hot Wheels - Hanna, Ruth and Julie Woods
Being Ian - Adam and Bernadette
Tico of the Seven Seas'' - Cheryl Christina Melville
References
External links
Living people
Canadian film actores
Canadian television actores
Canadian voice actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Canadian actores
21st-century Canadian actores
Hodgins is a surname. Notable people
Adam King Hodgins (1859–1932), Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons
Archie Latimer Hodgins (1876–1966), Progressive party member of the Canadian House of Commons
Art Hodgins (1927–1988), Canadian ice hockey player
Charlie Hodgins (born c. 1880), Australian rugby union player
David Hodgins (1850-1930), member of the Wisconsin Legislature
Dick Hodgins, Jr., American cartoonist
Eric Hodgins (1899–1971), American author
George Frederick Hodgins (1865–1940), merchant and political figure in Quebec
Isabel Hodgins (born 1993), English actor
Isaiah Hodgins (born 1998), American football player
Jack Hodgins (born 1938), Canadian novelist and short story writer
Jack Hodgins (Bones), a fictional character from the TV series Bones
James Hodgins (born 1977), free agent fullback with National Football League experience
John Hodgins (born 1962), Irish retired sportsman
Liam Hodgins, three time captain of the Galway senior hurling team
Mark Hodgins (born 1947), Alaska politician
Philip Hodgins (1959–1995), prize-winning Australian poet
Robert Hodgins (1920–2010), South African artist
Thomas Hodgins (1828–1910), Ontario lawyer and political figure
William H. Hodgins (1856–1912), American law enforcement officer and police captain in the NYPD
William Thomas Hodgins (1857–1909), farmer and political figure in Ontario Canada
Karen Murray-Hodgins, basketball player
See also
Hodgin
Heterotheca, (common names goldenasters, camphorweed, or telegraph weed) are North American plants in the family Asteraceae.
Etymology
Heterotheca comes from Ancient Greek "other, different" and "case, chest", and refers to the fact that, in some species in the genus, the cypselae (achenes containing seed) of the disk and ray florets have different shapes.
Description, biology
These are annual and perennial herbs bearing daisy-like flower heads with yellow disc florets and usually yellow ray florets, associated with mesic to xeric habitats across North America. Several species now included in Heterotheca were previously classified in the genus Chrysopsis
Heterotheca species are often used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Schinia lynx, Schinia nubila and Schinia saturata (all of which have been recorded on Heterotheca subaxillaris).
Chemistry
The leaf volatiles from which the name "camphorweed" is derived include camphor, but as a minor constituent (less than 2%); of the 41 documented volatiles in a study of Heterotheca subaxillaris, for example, caryophyllene, pinene, borneol, myrcene, and limonene each comprised over 5% of the total.
Species
Heterotheca barbata (Rydb.) Semple - Spokane golden aster - Washington Idaho
Heterotheca brandegeei (B.L.Rob. & Greenm.) Semple - northern Baja California
Heterotheca camporum (Greene) Shinners - Arkansas Missouri Iowa Illinois Ohio Michigan Kentucky Tennessee Mississippi Alabama Georgia Virginia North Carolina New Jersey
Heterotheca canescens (DC.) Shinners - Nuevo León, Texas New Mexico Oklahoma Colorado Kansas Missouri Iowa
Heterotheca fastigiata (Greene) V.L.Harms - California
Heterotheca fulcrata (Greene) Shinners - Coahuila, Tamaulipas, Arizona New Mexico Texas Nevada Utah Colorado Wyoming Idaho
Heterotheca grandiflora - Telegraphweed - Baja California, California Arizona Nevada Utah
Heterotheca gypsophila B.L.Turner - Nuevo León
Heterotheca inuloides Cass. - Mexican arnica - from Nuevo León to Oaxaca
Heterotheca jonesii (S.F.Blake) S.L.Welsh & N.D.Atwood - Utah
Heterotheca leptoglossa DC. - Guanajuato, Chihuahua, Sonora, Sinaloa, Jalisco, San Luis Potosí
Heterotheca marginata Semple - Arizona
Heterotheca mexicana V.L.Harms ex B.L.Turner - Durango
Heterotheca monarchensis D.A.York, Shevock & Semple - monarch golden aster - Fresno County in California
Heterotheca mucronata V.L.Harms ex B.L.Turner - Nuevo León, Coahuila, Tamaulipas
Heterotheca oregona (Nutt.) Shinners
Heterotheca pumila (Greene) Semple - Colorado Wyoming Utah New Mexico
Heterotheca rutteri (Rothr.) Shinners - Sonora, Arizona
Heterotheca sessiliflora (Nutt.) Shinners - Sessileflower false golden aster - Baja California, California
Heterotheca shevockii (Semple) Semple - Kern Canyon false golden aster - Kern County in California
Heterotheca stenophylla (A.Gray) Shinners - Texas New Mexico Oklahoma Colorado Wyoming Kansas Nebraska South Dakota Iowa Minnesota
Heterotheca subaxillaris (Lam.) Britton & Rusby - Camphorweed, camphor weed, false goldenaster - widespread from Belize to California, South Dakota, + Massachusetts
Heterotheca villosa (Pursh) Shinners
Heterotheca viscida (A.Gray) V.L.Harms - Arizona New Mexico Texas
Heterotheca zionensis Semple - Zion golden aster - Arizona New Mexico Texas Utah Idaho Wyoming
Sources:
Formerly included
Many species have been included in Heterotheca at various times in the past, but now regarded as more suitable for other genera. The most common of these is Chrysopsis, but others include Aster Bradburia Osbertia Munnozia Pityopsis + Tomentaurum.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Heterotheca
Asteraceae genera
Flora of North America
Taxa named by Henri Cassini
Difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride is a gaseous chemical compound of fluorine, sulfur, and nitrogen. It is unusual in having a hexa-coordinated sulfur atom with a link to nitrogen. Other names for this substance include difluoro(pentafluorosulfur)amine, pentafluorosulfanyldifluoramine, and pentafluorosulfanyl N,N-difluoramine.
Properties
Difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride is a colourless gas at room temperature. The molecule is shaped as a tetragonal bipyramid around the sulfur atom.
To within half a degree the boiling point is -17.5 °C.
Difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride is stable at room temperature, but decomposes on the timescale of hours at 80 °C. Decomposition results in sulfur tetrafluoride and nitrogen trifluoride. It is not stable above 220 °C. It is stable with water or stainless steel.
When stored in quartz and exposed to ultraviolet light, it decomposes slightly and reacts with silica to make , , , , , and .
The bond between sulfur and nitrogen is quite weak with a dissociation energy of 50 kcal/mol.
The infrared spectrum contains strong absorption bands around 885, 910, and 950 cm−1 due to the bonds with fluorine. If a strong irradiation at 910 cm−1 with a laser takes place the molecules can be disrupted to form , and . By adjusting the frequency of a laser, the break up can be made isotope selective, and also they can be broken up by another nearby frequency.
The fluorine atoms attached to the sulfur are attached at close to 90° from each other, and the four around the equator are also at 90° from the nitrogen sulfur bond. The angle subtended by fluorine atoms on the nitrogen atom is about 98°, and the sulfur-nitrogen-fluorine angle is about 111°. The distance between sulfur and the four equatorial fluorine atoms is 1.545 Å. The axial fluorine to sulfur distance is 1.556 Å. Nitrogen sulfur distance is about 1.696 Å. The fluorine-nitrogen bond is the shortest in the molecule at 1.378 Å.
Preparation
Difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride has been prepared by irradiating a mixture of dinitrogen tetrafluoride and sulfur tetrafluoride with ultraviolet light.
.
This preparation also works with a mixture of dinitrogen tetrafluoride and sulfur chloride pentafluoride. Formation requires the appearance of the radical and chlorine atoms, as well as the nitrogen difluoride radical.
Another way to make difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride is by heating dinitrogen tetrafluoride and sulfur. This results in the temporary formation of nitrogen difluoride. However the yield is only around 6%, and mostly sulfur tetrafluoride is formed.
Yet other substrates for dinitrogen tetrafluoride are disulfur decafluoride or sulfur dioxide or thiophosgene in an electric discharge.
A corona discharge in a sulfur hexafluoride, nitrogen mixture produces a small amount of difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride. This is important as high voltage equipment is often insulated with this gas combination.
Pentafluorosulfanylamine reacts with fluorine gas to yield difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride:
Reactions
Difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride reacts with Lewis acids like KrF+AsF6− at -31 °C to yield SF6, Kr, NF3 and solid N2F+AsF6−. With AsF5 at -196 °C (as liquid) it produces solid N2F+AsF6−, SF6 and trans-N2F2. Similar products also come from room temperature reactions.
Use
There is a Russian patent to use a combination of alkenes and difluoroamino sulfur pentafluoride as a rocket fuel.
Related
Related substances include fluoroimidotetrafluorosulfur F4S=NF and (SF5)2NF.
A tertiary amine exists with formula (SF5)3N.
Other variant substitutions on the nitrogen atom yield SF5NFCl, SF5NHF, SF5NCl2 and SF5NH2.
References
Sulfur fluorides
Nitrogen fluorides
Hypervalent molecules
Will Allison is an American novelist and editor.  They are the author of the New York Times bestselling book Long Drive Home (2011) and What You Have Left (2007).
Personal life
Allison was born in Columbia, South Carolina. They graduated from Case Western Reserve University in 1991 with a degree in English and political science, and then went on to Ohio State University to receive their MA in English and MFA in creative writing. Allison now lives with their wife and daughter in South Orange, New Jersey.
Career
Allison is a contributing editor for One Story magazine and has also served as the executive editor of Story and editor-at-large for Zoetrope: All-Story. They have taught creative writing at the Ohio State University, Butler University, and Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis.  They are an adjunct assistant professor in Columbia University's MFA creative writing program.
They have published short fiction in American Short Fiction, Atlanta Magazine, The Cincinnati Review, The Florida Review, Glimmer Train, The Kenyon Review, One Story, Shenandoah, Zoetrope: All-Story, and elsewhere.
External links
Will Allison personal website
References
21st-century American novelists
1968 births
Living people
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Ohio State University Graduate School alumni
American male novelists
Writers from Columbia, South Carolina
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from South Carolina
Introducing Me was a song recorded by Nick Jonas for the Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam soundtrack.
Background and composition
In 2009, Nick Jonas recorded the song for the Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam soundtrack. Their character Nate performs the song to Dana (actor Chloe Bridges) who plays Nick's love interest in Camp Rock 2.
On August 6, 2010 was released in the UK.
"Introducing Me" was also released in 2010 on the karaoke video game Disney Sing It: Party Hits.
Critical reception
On November 10, 2010, singer Jason Mraz admits in an interview that the Camp Rock 2 tune "Introducing Me" sounds a lot like their song "I'm Yours". They also said: "I heard the song, and it was just a tremendous, tremendous horror of a tune," they said. "I noticed a few similarities in the melody, but it wasn't enough to pick up the phone and argue with somebody about it. If anything, I just wanted my $1.29 back that I spent on iTunes".
Track listing
Digital Download
"Introducing Me" - 3:07
Live performances
Jonas performed the song live for the first time during the Jonas Brothers Live In Concert tour on August 7, 2010. At select venues during the tour they tried to play the song faster each time. Their record was under 2 minutes.
They also performed the song live on July 1, 2011 during the Microsoft Store Grand Opening in Century City.
The song was also performed live after "Gotta Find You" during the concerts of the Nick Jonas 2011 Tour.
On May 16, 2012 they performed the song on General D. Chappie James Middle School of Science in New York, during a surprise visit.
On July 13, 2013 the song was performed again as part of the setlist of the Jonas Brothers Live Tour. It was performed again on August 3.
Chart performance
The song entered the Canadian Billboard Hot 100 at number 66 on the week ending September 26, 2012 and climbed the next week to number 53.
That week the song entered the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 92.
Charts
Personnel
Credits for Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam Soundtrack:
Nick Jonas - Lead Vocals
Jamie Houston - Producer, Mixer, Songwriter
Release history
References
2010 songs
Nick Jonas songs
Pop ballads
Camp Rock
Walt Disney Records singles
Songs written by Jamie Houston (songwriter)
Tarku, Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1695 people living in 335 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
WIPR-TV (channel 6) is a non-commercial educational public television station in San Juan, Puerto Rico, owned by the Corporación de Puerto Rico para la Difusión Pública (English: Puerto Rico Public Broadcasting Corporation). While WIPR-TV is a primary member station of PBS, most programming on its main channel is locally originated. WIPR-TV's studios are located on Hostos Avenue in Hato Rey, and its transmitter is located at Cerro La Santa in Cayey near the Bosque Estatal de Carite mountain reserve.
Because of its audience, much of WIPR's programming is in Spanish, as with most Puerto Rico television stations. The station is branded as WIPR Television. Previously, the station was branded as Teve 6 / Teve 3, TUTV - Tu Universo Televisión and Puerto Rico TV.
WIPR-TV operates a semi-satellite on the island's west coast, WIPM-TV (channel 3) in Mayagüez. WIPM-TV largely repeats WIPR, but does produce some local programming. This station's transmitter is located atop Monte del Estado in Maricao.
History
WIPR-TV was created as a result of lobbying for public broadcasting in Puerto Rico, beginning in the 1950s. The station went on the air for the first time on Three Kings Day (January 6), 1958 becoming the first educational television station in Latin America, and the facilities (the building) was dedicated to Ramón Rivero (Diplo), the most important and influential actor/comedian in the history of Puerto Rico.
It was also unique among other government-controlled broadcasters in the Caribbean as it did not show commercials. All other government-controlled broadcasters (with the exception of Cuba and the U.S. Virgin Islands) showed advertising.
The station was one of the few TV stations in Puerto Rico with English-language programming, via a membership with PBS that allowed them to carry PBS Kids in English. This ended on July 1, 2011, after WIPR and PBS failed to reach an agreement to renew the station's membership, with money previously allocated to PBS membership dues being invested in the station's local programming. PBS programming remains available in Puerto Rico via WMTJ.
In 1996, WIPR-TV was the first Puerto Rican television station that used streaming media to broadcast programming to the internet.
On April 26, 2022, WIPR-TV officially rejoined PBS after ten years as an educational independent station.
Programming
For years, WIPR-TV has shown local programming, including educational, children's and human interest shows.
Notiséis 360
In the 1980s the station had a highly praised newscast called Panorama Mundial ("World View"), hosted by Doris Torres. In 1995, WIPR launched a newscast branded as Noti-Seis or "News Six". The newscast was first anchored by Pedro Luis García and Gloria Soltero and only had a 6:00 PM edition. Later that year, the station premiered a 9:00 PM edition anchored by the same 6:00 PM team.
In 2002, a new news format was created with a local newscast (TUTV Informa) and an international newscast (TUTV Internacional); the newscasts were anchored by Gloria Soltero and David Reyes. TUTV also produced a weekly in-depth newscast on Sundays, called TUTV Analiza.
TUTV's programming received various awards. Locally, En Todas was awarded by the American Heart Association. Five productions received Emmy Award nominations and one of TUTV's producers received an Emmy in the Entertainment Program category.
On August 31, 2009, when TUTV was rebranded as "Puerto Rico TV", its news department was relaunched as Noticias 24/7; around this time, WIPR introduced a 24-hour news channel of the same name on channel 6.5 and 3.5.
On September 26, 2018, Noticias 24/7 was rebranded as Notiséis 360.
List of original programs seen on WIPR-TV
Aquí Estamos with Shanira Blanco
Estudio Actoral with Dean Zayas
El Show De Chucho Avellanet Días de Cine with Edgardo Huertas
En la Cancha with Tony Lebrón and Jerry González
Animaleando with Nynah
Te Cuento lo que Leí Prohibido Olvidar Al Máximo con Geraldine Así Canta Puerto Rico En La Punta de la Lengua Uno a Uno with Myraida Chaves
Travesías con Sabor Prohibido OlvidarTechnical information
The digital signals of WIPR and WIPM are multiplexed:
Digital and high definition
WIPR-TV, the island's first public television station, also became the first in the evolution to digital and high definition.
On July 7, 2008, President Víctor J. Montilla (now, Executive VP & general manager of New Channels at WORA-TV) held a press conference at the station, where they inaugurated WIPR-TV's high definition facilities. TUTV became the first station in Puerto Rico to produce and broadcast in high definition format. The station upgraded its lighting and built new sets as part of the transition. Some artists underwent lifestyle changes, including changes in their diet, to look better in high definition. The first program to be transmitted in this format was Contigo''.
See also
WIPR (AM)
WIPR-FM
References
External links
WIPR-TV
Museum of Broadcasting and Communications: Puerto Rico
PBS member stations
Mass media in San Juan, Puerto Rico
IPR-TV
Independent television stations in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 1958
1958 establishments in Puerto Rico
Cherryhinton railway station (spelling) was located on the Newmarket Railway's line between and , serving the Cambridgeshire village of Cherry Hinton.
History
The station opened on 9 October 1851, along with the Newmarket Railway's extension from to Cambridge. The Newmarket Railway was absorbed by the Eastern Counties Railway on 30 March 1854, and just over a month later, Cherryhinton station closed on 1 May 1854. The line remains in use.
Reopening of the station was proposed by Cambridgeshire County Council in May 2013 as part of an infrastructure plan to deal with projected population growth up to 2050. A proposal to reopen the station had previously been made in 1996 but 70% of residents who responded to a Council questionnaire were against it; in any event, a new station was not considered viable at that time.
Station house
The original Cherry Hinton station house still stands on the corner of High Street and Railway Street, diagonally opposite the Cherry Hinton C of E Primary School. It serves as a landmark to local residents and its location is represented in the middle of Cherry Hinton village's historic crest, with coordinates made up of the railway line running horizontally across the crest, and the High Street running vertically down the crest.
The property was offered for sale by Grainger plc as a private residence in February 2013. The official name of the station house on its deed is the Gate House, as it formerly served as a level crossing gatehouse to the gatekeeper who manually opened and closed the level crossing gates for the railway line.
References
Disused railway stations in Cambridgeshire
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1851
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1854
Rail transport in Cambridge
1851 establishments in England
The White Desert () is a 1922 German silent adventure film directed by Ernst Wendt and starring Carl de Vogt, Eduard von Winterstein, and Nora Swinburne.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Ernst Wendt
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 adventure films
German adventure films
Films set in the Arctic
Silent adventure films
Joachim Joseph Gruppelaar (24 October 1911 – 12 July 1971) was a Dutch equestrian. They competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in jumping and finished in 20th place. Gruppelaar held a military rank of major in 1948.
References
1911 births
1971 deaths
Dutch show jumping riders
Equestrians at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Olympic equestrians of the Netherlands
Dutch male equestrians
Sportspeople from Amersfoort
20th-century Dutch people
Bnei Dror (, lit. Sons of Liberty) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel. Located near Netanya and covering 3,200 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded on 12 May 1946 by demobilised soldiers from the British Army who had fought in North Africa and Italy during World War II and had first had the idea of establishing a moshav in 1941. Its name symbolises the founders' desire to live a free life.
Residents work in agriculture and factories for furniture, sunglasses and packaging, as well as a shopping centre, regional school and pensioners' home.
References
External links
Village website
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1946
Jewish villages in Mandatory Palestine
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1946 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
KXVO (channel 15) is a television station in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, airing programming from the digital multicast network TBD. It is owned by Mitts Telecasting Company LLC, which maintains a local marketing agreement (LMA) with the Sinclair Broadcast Group, owner of dual Fox/CW affiliate KPTM (channel 42), for the provision of certain services. Both stations share studios on Farnam Street in Omaha, while KXVO's transmitter is located on Pflug Road, south of Gretna and I-80.
History
KXVO signed on the air on June 10, 1995 as an affiliate of The WB, which debuted nationally almost five months earlier on January 11 of that year; the station was originally owned by Cocola Broadcasting, but was operated by Pappas Telecasting under a local marketing agreement. In the interim six months, Omaha did have access to The WB via cable and satellite providers through Chicago-based national superstation WGN. Cocola would later sell the station to Mitts Telecasting Company in 2000, which retained the LMA with Pappas.
On January 24, 2006, CBS Corporation and Time Warner announced that The WB and UPN would cease broadcasting that September and merge their programming to form a new "fifth" network called The CW. The letters represent the first initials of its corporate parents, CBS (the parent company of UPN) and the Warner Bros. Entertainment unit of Time Warner. In April 2006, KXVO announced an affiliation agreement with The CW, which began airing on the station when the network launched on September 18 of that year.
On January 16, 2009, it was announced that several Pappas stations, including sister station KPTM, would be sold to New World TV Group, after the sale received United States bankruptcy court approval. The LMA between KXVO and KPTM continued after the deal was finalized.
Titan TV Broadcast Group announced the sale of most of its stations, including KPTM and the LMA with KXVO (which remained under Mitts Telecasting ownership after the sale), to the Sinclair Broadcast Group on June 3, 2013. Sinclair announced the closing of the sale on October 3.
From 2009 until 2018, KXVO also served the state capital, Lincoln, located from Omaha, with broadcast and cable coverage even though Lincoln is located in a different market. It had been carried on cable in the eastern portion of the Lincoln–Hastings–Kearney market since its inception, even after Lincoln received its own WB/CW affiliate, KCWL-TV (which carried the WB 100+ and CW Plus services), and remained on most Lincoln cable systems in lieu of the national CW Plus feed (which was carried in the western portion of the market) after KCWL became Fox affiliate KFXL-TV. In October 2018, after Gray Television-owned KCWH-LD in Lincoln (through The CW Plus) took over that market's CW affiliation, KXVO was dropped from Lincoln's Spectrum system, with KCWH replacing it on channel 15.
On March 29, 2022, KXVO filed to begin broadcasting in ATSC 3.0. The existing subchannels are planned to be moved to KPTM, KMTV, and KETV to provide coverage for current ATSC 1.0 receivers pending agreements with Scripps and Hearst respectively for KMTV and KETV.
Newscasts
The station was originally branded "All Entertainment, All the Time", and news was a low priority as KPTM built out its news department for their own station. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, KXVO aired 60-second "news updates" from KPTM during the 6 p.m. hour that promoted the latter's 9 o'clock newscast. In 2001, KXVO had begun to plan to carry a 5:30 p.m. newscast from KPTM to compete with the national newscasts. After the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and the resulting economic downturn, those plans were put on hold and eventually abandoned. In the days following the September 11 attacks, though, KXVO aired continuous news coverage from CNN Headline News.
In December 2005, the station debuted a half-hour 10 p.m. newscast called The KXVO 15 10 O'Clock News, which was produced by KPTM (this time competing with Omaha's Big Three stations); that April, former MTV VJ and reality show host Brian McFayden was hired to anchor the program, only to leave the show for Current TV a few months later. In late August 2006, comedian and Second City Training Center alumnus Matt Geiler was tapped to anchor The KXVO 15 10 O'Clock News, which by that time would become a hybrid of news content (provided by the KPTM staff) and sketch/improv comedy. One prime example of this era occurred on the Halloween 2006 edition, when Geiler, for a pre-taped end-of-show segment, donned a black unitard and foam jack-o'-lantern and danced in front of a green screen image of a cemetery. Though The KXVO 15 10 O'Clock News was cancelled in April 2007, the "Pumpkin Dance" has had a lasting life as a seasonal viral video and meme thanks to its uploading to YouTube by a KXVO producer after its original airing and the video's subsequent discovery later in the decade by BuzzFeed, Huffington Post, and other websites.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's ATSC 1.0 channels are carried on the multiplexed digital signals of other Omaha television stations:
In October 2008, KAZO-LP dropped TuVision and became dark; Azteca América programming moved to KXVO 15.2 in Omaha and KMEG 14.2 in Sioux City, Iowa. Around this time, analog transmissions on KAZO-LP temporarily ceased, though the analog channel 57 signal was again seen on the air in October 2009. KAZO-LP shut down permanently later in fall 2009 and was no longer listed on KXVO-DT2 station IDs. By spring 2010, KMEG-DT2 had been spun off from KXVO-DT2 to have its own local feed in the Sioux City area. KXVO-DT2 is carried on DirecTV's local station package in the Omaha area as KAZO 57. Dish Network does not carry the station. Cox had previously carried KAZO-LP on analog channel 68, but dropped it in 2007 when the station became a TuVision affiliate, and did not restore the local signal when it switched back to Azteca América in 2008. Until the addition of Estrella TV on KPTM-DT3 in June 2010, Azteca América was the only Spanish-language network available over-the-air in Omaha. Sometime in late 2013 or early 2014, Azteca was dropped in favor of This TV.
In 2017, the KXVO sub-channel lineup all changed. Sinclair's TBD replaced This TV on 15.2. Sinclair's action channel Charge! replaced Grit on 15.3. On September 6 of that year, 15.4 began broadcasting with Stadium.
On September 20, 2021, the TBD affiliation move to the main channel, replacing The CW (which move its affiliation to KPTM-DT3 on that day). On that day, the Stadium affiliation move from DT4 to DT2, and took the subchannel dark.
Analog-to-digital conversion
KXVO shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 15, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 38, using PSIP to display KXVO's virtual channel as 15 on digital television receivers.
References
External links
Television stations in Omaha, Nebraska
Charge! (TV network) affiliates
TBD (TV network) affiliates
Stadium (sports network) affiliates
Sinclair Broadcast Group
Television channels and stations established in 1995
1995 establishments in Nebraska
ATSC 3.0 television stations
Māngere Bridge may refer to:
Māngere Bridge (suburb), a suburb of Auckland
Māngere Bridge (bridges), Manukau Harbour crossings, New Zealand
Against Their Will may refer to:
Against Their Will (Polyan book), a research book, Against Their Will... The History and Geography of Forced Migrations in the USSR by Pavel Polyan
Against Their Will (Hornblum's book), a research book, Against Their Will: The Secret History of Medical Experimentation on Children in Cold War America by Allen M. Hornblum
Against Their Will: Women in Prison, a 1994 TV movie by Judith Light
Against Their Will, a 2002 Winston-Salem Journal documentary about eugenics in North Carolina
Against Their Will, the English title of the 2012 French movie fr:Malgré-elles of two girls' struggles during the second world war
Contorno is a barrio in the municipality of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,737.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Contorno barrio was 653.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Contorno barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
The Nepal gray langur (Semnopithecus schistaceus) is a gray langur endemic to the Himalayas in Nepal, far southwestern Tibet, northern India, northern Pakistan, Bhutan and possibly Afghanistan. It is found in forests at an elevation of . Its easternmost limit in India is Buxa Tiger Reserve in northern West Bengal, at least up to the Rydak river.
The Nepal gray langur is both terrestrial and arboreal and eats leaves. At , the heaviest langur ever recorded was a male Nepal gray langur.
References
Nepal gray langur
Fauna of the Himalayas
Mammals of Afghanistan
Mammals of Bhutan
Mammals of China
Mammals of India
Mammals of Nepal
Mammals of Pakistan
Monkeys in India
Fauna of Sikkim
Nepal gray langur
Don Castle (September 29, 1917 – May 26, 1966) was an American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s.
Biography
Castle was born in Beaumont, Texas. They started their acting career as a stage actor, then moved to films. The actor, who resembled Clark Gable, became close friends with The Guilty co-star Bonita Granville and their husband Jack Wrather, who was a successful business person and film producer. The relationship eventually led the actor to become a television producer for Wrather's Lassie television program. They maintained a home in Palm Springs, California. After a traffic accident in 1966, Don Castle died of a medication overdose, aged 48.
Partial filmography
Love Finds Andy Hardy (1938) - Dennis Hunt
Rich Man, Poor Girl (1938) - Frank
Young Dr. Kildare (1938) - Dr. Bates (uncredited)
Men in Fright (1938, Short) - Hospital Orderly (uncredited)
Out West with the Hardys (1938) - Dennis Hunt
Fast and Loose (1939) - Desk Clerk (uncredited)
These Glamour Girls (1939) - Jack
Thunder Afloat (1939) - Radio Operator (uncredited)
Nick Carter, Master Detective (1939) - Ed - 1st Hurt Worker (uncredited)
I Take This Woman (1940) - Ted Fenton
Northwest Passage (1940) - Richard Towne (uncredited)
The Ghost Comes Home (1940) - 'Spig'
Susan and God (1940) - Theater Usher (uncredited)
We Who Are Young (1940) - Accountex Clerk Making Pass (uncredited)
Strike Up the Band (1940) - Charlie (uncredited)
You're the One (1941) - Tony Delmar
Power Dive (1941) - Doug Farrell
World Premiere (1941) - Joe Bemis
Tombstone, the Town Too Tough to Die (1942) - Johnny Duane
Wake Island (1942) - Pvt. Cunkle (uncredited)
Star Spangled Rhythm (1942) - Worker - 'Swing Shift' Number (uncredited)
The Searching Wind (1946) - David
Lighthouse (1947) - Sam Wells
Born to Speed (1947) - Mike Conroy
Seven Were Saved (1947) - Lt. Pete Sturdevant
The Guilty (1947) - Mike Carr
High Tide (1947) - Tim 'T.M.' Slade
The Invisible Wall (1947) - Harry Lane
Roses Are Red (1947) - Robert A. Thorne / Don Carney
Perilous Waters (1948) - Willie Hunter
Madonna of the Desert (1948) - Joe Salinas
Who Killed Doc Robbin (1948) - George - Defense Attorney
I Wouldn't Be in Your Shoes (1948) - Thomas J. 'Tom' Quinn
Strike It Rich (1948) - William 'Tex' Warren
Stampede (1949) - Tim McCall
Motor Patrol (1950) - Officer Ken Foster
The Big Land (1957) - Tom Draper
Gunfight at the O.K. Corral (1957) - Drunken Cowboy (final film role)
References
1917 births
1966 deaths
20th-century American male actors
Male actors from Texas
Male actors from Palm Springs, California
American male stage actors
American male film actors
This is a list of Sheriffs of Anglesey. Following the conquest of Wales by Edward I, Anglesey was created a county of Wales under the Statute of Rhuddlan, 1284.
On 1 April 1974, under the provisions of the Local Government Act 1972, the office was replaced by that of the Shrievalty of Gwynedd.
1284–1499
20 March 1284: Sir Roger de Puleston of Emral (first sheriff, killed 1295)
16 September 1295: Thomas de Aunvers
1 April 1300: John de Havering
Michaelmas 1301: Walter de Wynton
Michaelmas 1302: Henry de Dynynton
Michaelmas 1305: Griffin ap Oweyn
Michaelmas 1308: Madoc Thloyt
4 March 1312: John de Sapy
8 August 1316: Eman ap Jevan
1396: Gwilym ap Griffydd of Penmynydd
16th century
17th century
18th century
19th century
20th century
For 1974 onwards see High Sheriff of Gwynedd.
References
Anglesey
Anglesey
The 1977–78 Challenge Cup was the 77th staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup.
The final was contested by Leeds and St. Helens at Wembley.
Leeds beat St. Helens on Saturday 13 May 1978 in front of a crowd of 96,000.
The winner of the Lance Todd Trophy was Saints forward, George Nicholls.
This was Leeds' eleventh Cup Final win in fifteen appearances and their second in successive years.
First Round
Second Round
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
References
External links
Challenge Cup official website
Challenge Cup 1977/78 results at Rugby League Project
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
Sandra Barry (née Alfred) is an English actor, singer and record producer. During their career they have performed and recorded as Sandra Alfred, Mandy Mason, Sandra Barry and Alice Spring.
Acting Career (as Sandra Alfred)
Sandra Alfred debuted as an actor on film in an uncredited role in The Belles of St Trinian's (1954). They went on to small roles in other British films and television shows. As Sandra Alfred they latched on to the early British rock and roll scene and released "Rocket and Roll b/w Six Day Rock" on Oriole Records in late 1957 or January 1958.
60s music career (as Sandra Barry)
As Mandy Mason, they released "A Tear in the Eye", written and produced by Barry Mason (no relation), on the Parlophone label in 1963, before they took on the stage name Sandra Barry and was signed to Decca Records. They were backed by guitar band The Boys (who would later go on to become cult mod band The Action), sometimes credited as Sandra Barry and The Boyfriends. Backed by The Boys, Barry released the single "Really Gonna Shake" in 1964. They subsequently signed with Pye Records, and released a number of singles backed by Jet Harris' backing band The Jet Blacks, who included future Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones, but failed to score any hits.
70s career (as Alice Spring)
In 1973, they re-emerged as Alice Spring, fronting the short-lived pub rock act Slack Alice. Later in the decade, they fronted post punk band Darling, who released an album and a number of singles in 1979. After Darling folded in the early 1980s, they produced bands together with Slack Alice and Darling bassist Mick Howard.
References
External links
Sandra Alfred filmography at the BFI archive.
1943 births
Possibly living people
English child actores
English actores
English women singers
English record producers
Joseph Russell (1800 – April 24, 1875) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from New York's 12th congressional district from 1845 to 1847 and again from 1851 to 1853.
Early life
Russell was born in Warrensburg, New York in 1800.
Career
Russell became active in several businesses, including lumbering and part-ownership of the Warrensburg House Hotel. Russell was also a founder of Warrensburg's Masonic Lodge.
A Democrat, Russell served as Town Supervisor in 1830, 1835 and 1840. They were Warren County Sheriff from November 1834 to November 1837, and served in the New York State Assembly in 1840.
Russell was elected to the 29th Congress (March 4, 1845 – March 3, 1847). They returned to the House as a member of the 32nd Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853).
They later moved to Glens Falls, where they were a founder of the First National Bank of Glens Falls and became active in the Glens Falls Masonic Lodge.
Death
Russell died in Glens Falls on April 24, 1875. They were buried at Glens Falls Cemetery.
Sources
1800 births
1875 deaths
People from Warrensburg, New York
Politicians from Glens Falls, New York
Town supervisors in New York (state)
New York (state) sheriffs
Members of the New York State Assembly
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
A Life Without Pain is a 2005 documentary film by Melody Gilbert about children who can't feel pain.
Plot synopsis
The film explores the daily lives of three children with Congenital insensitivity to pain, a rare genetic disorder shared by just a hundred people in the world. Three-year-old Gabby from Minnesota, 7-year-old Miriam from Norway and 10-year-old Jamilah from Germany have to be carefully guarded by their parents so they don't suffer serious, life-altering injuries.
Reception
The release of the film garnered widespread interest in the topic, and the character Gabby was featured on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 2006.
References
External links
Official Website
2005 films
Documentary films about children with disability
American documentary films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Roland D. Reed (July 7, 1894–July 15, 1972) was an American film editor, producer and director. They worked on many films for the low-budget Chesterfield Pictures and later started Roland Reed Productions, Inc. that shut down in November 1956. In addition to TV series, Reed made industrial and Christian films as well as television commercials that were filmed at Hal Roach Studios.
Personal life
The son of Daniel Morton Reed and Ella G. Hulse, Roland Daniel Reed was born in Middletown, New York. They had three wives, Laura Muzzio (1913). Dorothy Venita Smith (1930) and Dorothy Belle Eddy (1935).
Selected filmography
The House of Terror (1928) 10-chapter serial, now considered lost
Notorious but Nice (1933)
Love Is Dangerous (1933)
The Ghost Walks (1934)
Death from a Distance (1935)
Manhattan Butterfly (1935)
False Pretenses (1935)
Red Lights Ahead (1936)
August Weekend (1936)
The Stu Erwin Show (1950-55)
ABC Mystery Theater (1951-54)
Beulah (1950-53)
My Little Margie (1952-1955)
Rocky Jones, Space Ranger (1953)
Waterfront (1955)
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1894 births
1972 deaths
Film producers from New York (state)
Artists from New York City
American film editors
Enditha Wibisono, often referred to simply as Enditha, is an Indonesian model and actor. They garnered a Citra Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for their role in ?.
Career
Endhita, the youngest of three children, was born in Jakarta. They were a tomboy as a child, and in university studied banking. They entered the modelling industry in 1997 when a friend sent their picture to Femina magazine to compete in its model search program. They went on to be a finalist, and in 2010 they were listed as one of the 25 most successful "Face of Femina" competitors. They later became a catwalk model.
In 2002 Endhita made their feature film debut with Titik Hitam (Black Spot), a horror film. This was followed by a role in Bangsal 13 (Ward 13). In 2005 they starred in Missing as a woman with a sixth sense. Other film works included television serials such as Amira, Andali Lala = Julia Robert, and Pengantin Remaja (Teenage Bride). They also acted in the film Belahan Jiwa (Part of the Soul). FHM publication of pictures of Endhita in skimpy clothing proved to be controversial in Indonesia. The images, which Endhita denied knowing were for public consumption, were subsequently purchased by the magazine's Spanish office.
In 2011, Endhita played Rika, a young divorcée, mother of one, and Catholic convert, in Hanung Bramantyo's film ?. They were called directly by the director and expressed interest as soon as they gave them an outline of the plot. They received a Citra Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 2011 Indonesian Film Festival for the role. In October of that year they married Arlonsi Miraldi, the guitarist in the band Ungu.
Endhita is five months pregnant and preparing for a role as a female police officer in Cintaku Di Saku Celana (Love in My Pants Pocket).
Filmography
Film
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
1970s births
Living people
People from Jakarta
Indonesian female models
Indonesian actores
John Chen Shi-zhong (; 26 December 1917 – 16 December 2012 in Yibin, Sichuan, China) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Suifu (Yibin), China.
Born in 1917 to a Chinese Catholic family and raised in Yibin, Bishop Chen was ordained to the priesthood in 1947.
Chen was imprisoned twice, first time during the 1950s and again during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s. They were rehabilitated in 1981 and was named bishop in 1985. They were recognized by the Holy See and the People's Republic of China as bishop. In 1988 to 1989 they were briefly rector of the regional seminary in Szechwan, before returning to their diocese in Yibin, due to ill health. In 2011, Peter Luo Xuegang was consecrated as coadjutor bishop of Yibin (Suifu) to assist Shizhong.
Notes and references
Sichuanese Roman Catholics
1917 births
2012 deaths
People from Yibin
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
Nicole Macri (born 1973) is an American politician, who was elected to the Washington House of Representatives in the 2016 elections. A member of the Democratic Party, they represent the 43rd district.
Prior to their election to the legislature, Macri served as deputy director of Seattle's Downtown Emergency Service Center.
References
External links
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Lesbian politicians
LGBT state legislators in Washington (state)
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
Politicians from Seattle
Washington (state) Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
1973 births
Kartashov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kartashova. It may refer to:
Alena Kartashova (born 1982), Russian wrestler
Anatoly Kartashov (1937–2005), Russian water polo player
Anatoly Kartashov (cosmonaut) (1932–2005), Soviet cosmonaut
Maksim Kartashov, Kazakhstani journalist
Vladimir Kartashov (1957–2002), Russian artist
Vyacheslav Kartashov (born 1966), Russian football player
See also
Anton Kartashev (1875–1960), Russian historian
Russian-language surnames
The 1939 Washington Senators won 65 games, lost 87, and finished in sixth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
December 29, 1938: Al Simmons was purchased from the Senators by the Boston Bees for $3,000.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Notes
References
1939 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1939 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
The East India Stock Dividend Redemption Act 1873 (36 & 37 Vict. c. 17) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, passed in 1873, that formally dissolved the British East India Company.
The Act was one of the East India Loans Acts 1859 to 1893.
By the time of the Act's passing, the British East India Company had already effectively ceased to exist. The company's governmental responsibilities were transferred to the Crown and its liquidation was set in motion by the Government of India Act 1858. The company's 240,000-man military force had also been transferred to the authority of the Crown (subsequently being incorporated into the Indian Army), significantly reducing its influence.
References
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning India
Dividends
British East India Company
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1873
Saputo may refer to:
Guillermo Saputo (born 1977), Argentine boxer
Joey Saputo (born 1964), Canadian business person and son of:
Lino Saputo (born 1937), Italian-born Canadian business person
See also
Saputo Inc., a dairy products company founded by Lino Saputo
Saputo Stadium, soccer-specific stadium at Olympic Park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Surnames of Italian origin
Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine (GCSOM) is a private medical school associated with the Geisinger Health System and located in northeastern and north central Pennsylvania. GCSOM offers a community-based model of medical education with four regional campuses - North (Scranton), South (Wilkes-Barre), Central (Danville), and Guthrie (Sayre). It offers a Doctor of Medicine (MD) Program and a Master of Biomedical Sciences (MBS) Program.
History
The foundation of GCSOM, formerly known as The Commonwealth Medical College (TCMC), began with the establishment of the Northeastern Pennsylvania Medical Education Development Consortium (MEDC) in 2004. The consortium included business, medical, community, and government representatives. After acquiring funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Blue Cross of Northeastern Pennsylvania, and other state, federal and private philanthropic sources, the Commonwealth Medical Education Corporation was formed. In the spring of 2007, Robert M. D'Alessandri began their tenure as president and founding dean.
Commonwealth was awarded degree-granting authority by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 2008 and received preliminary accreditation by the Liaison Committee on Medical Education (LCME) in 2008. D'Alessandri resigned from their position as dean and president in April 2011. In June 2011, the LCME placed GCSOM on probation due to financial stability concerns. Provisional accreditation was granted in 2012, with full accreditation granted in June 2014. In June 2014, GCSOM was also granted full accreditation by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education (MSCHE). GCSOM accepted its first class of medical and master's students in 2009. GCSOM graduated its first MD and fourth MBS classes in May 2013.
On September 28, 2016, Geisinger Health System announced it had acquired the Commonwealth Medical College. The acquisition integrated aspects of the health system, such as residency training programs, into TCMC, and also introduced new Master's programs. Additionally, TCMC was renamed Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine.
Admissions and academics
The MD Class of 2024 had an average MCAT score of 511 and GPA of 3.66 at admission. 12% of the class is from groups historically underrepresented in medicine, and 71% of the 108 students that comprise the class are from Pennsylvania. 29% of the class is specifically from Northeastern Pennsylvania and North Central Pennsylvania.
The school was among the first United States medical schools to adopt the Longitudinal Integrated Clerkship (LIC) model as the standard clinical experience for the entire medical school class in the third year. This allows students to follow a panel of patients over the course of a year. Students live in the community and train with clinical preceptors in the different core disciplines of family medicine, internal medicine, pediatrics, psychiatry, OB/GYN and general surgery. The key difference is the year-long curriculum as opposed to traditional “block” clinical rotations.
References
External links
Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine
Universities and colleges in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
2008 establishments in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 2008
Extraordinary Retribution is a 2013 thriller novel by biomedical scientist Erec Stebbins, and the second in the Intel 1 Series of thrillers. The novel is about a former special agent who works with the brother of a slain colleague to unravel a series of mysterious assassinations in the CIA. Together, they discover a government coverup of unauthorized extraordinary rendition, torture, and targeted killing while becoming pursued themselves by a killer seeking vengeance to the highest levels of the intelligence community.
Characters
Sara Houston - Rogue CIA agent investigating killings in their former division.
Francisco Lopez - Catholic priest working with Sara Houston to bring the killers of their brother to justice.
The Wraith - A mysterious assassin murdering government agents.
Fred Simon - Former CIA director and friend of Sara Houston.
John Savas - An FBI Special Agent in Charge of Intel 1.
Rebecca Cohen - Lead information specialist at FBI special division Intel 1.
Reviews
Extraordinary Retribution has received mixed reviews. It was called "a whirlwind tour of world politics, interactions, and undercover schemes" by the Midwest Book Review and "an addictive page turner and heart pounding thrill ride" by the Internet Review of Books. Critics labeled it an "amateurish spy revenge thriller" with "clunky prose."
See also
Erec Stebbins
The Ragnarök Conspiracy
Intel 1 Series
References
External links
Extraordinary Retribution Author Website
Foreword Reviews, Extraordinary Retribution
San Francisco Book Review, Extraordinary Retribution
American thriller novels
2013 American novels
American spy novels
Graves County is a county located on the southwest border of the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,649. Its county seat is Mayfield. The county was formed in 1824 and was named for Major Benjamin Franklin Graves, a politician and fallen soldier in the War of 1812.
Graves County comprises the Mayfield, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Paducah-Mayfield, KY-IL Combined Statistical Area.
Graves County is a "limited" dry county, meaning that sale of alcohol in the county is prohibited except for wine and beer in restaurants. In 2016, the county voted on whether to become a "wet" county but that attempt failed. Later in the year, a ballot measure was proposed and passed within the city limits of Mayfield (the county seat) to allow alcohol sales in stores and gas stations.
History
Graves County was named for Capt. Benjamin Franklin Graves, who was one of numerous Kentucky officers killed after being taken as a prisoner in the disastrous 1813 Battle of Raisin River in Michigan Territory during the War of 1812. They disappeared while being forced by the Potawatomi, allies of the British, to walk to the British Fort Malden in Amherstburg, Ontario. The Native Americans killed prisoners who could not keep up. Nearly 400 Kentuckians died in the January 22 battle, the highest fatality of any single battle during the war.
The fertile land attracted early settlers from Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee, who brought with them education, culture, and a fierce determination to succeed. They put down roots and created a unique political, economic, and social environment.
Tobacco was important. Graves County developed the dark-fired and dark-air-cured leaf tobacco used in smokeless tobacco farming. In the early 20th of the counties involved in the Black Patch Tobacco Wars, as white farmers organized into the area to suppress violence, after tobacco warehouses and other properties, including tons of tobacco, were being destroyed.
A woolen mill began operating before the Civil War and continued to expand with the men's clothing market. Some clothing manufacturing companies were added in the area. The county seat's minor league baseball team was named the Mayfield Clothiers for this historical connection.
During the post-Reconstruction period, racial violence by whites against blacks continued in Graves County; they exercised terrorism to re-establish and maintain white supremacy. Whites lynched 6 African Americans here after 1877; most were killed around the turn of the 20th century. Four were killed during one week in 1896 in Mayfield, the county seat. Three were killed on December 23 in the so-called Mayfield Race War. Whites had heard rumors that blacks were arming elsewhere in the county in retaliation for the lynching of Jim Stone earlier that week. The whites recruited reinforcements from Fulton County and, overly tense, killed Will Suett, a young black man, as they were getting off a train to visit their family for the holidays. Two other black men were fatally shot soon after. Acknowledging that Suett's death was unprovoked, white residents took up a collection for their widowed mother.
Like many other counties in Kentucky, Graves retained prohibition of the sale or consumption of alcohol, voting to be a "dry" county after Congress repealed Prohibition in the 20th century. Graves County was a "limited" dry county, meaning that sale of alcohol in the county is prohibited except for wine and beer in restaurants. In 2016, the county voted on whether to become a "wet" county but that attempt failed. Later in the year, a ballot measure was proposed and passed within the city limits of Mayfield (the county seat) to allow alcohol sales in stores and gas stations.
Graves County made national news in September 2011 for jailing several Amish men who refused to use orange safety triangles on their buggies for religious reasons. The Old Order Swartzentruber Amish used reflective tape instead. They said it was against their religion to use "loud colors" (as they characterized the orange triangles). They did not succeed in their appeal of their 2008 convictions. Menno Zook, Danny Byler, Mose Yoder, Levi Hostetler, David Zook, and Eli Zook refused to pay the small fines imposed with their convictions. All served sentences ranging from three to 10 days. Jail officials accommodated them by not forcing them to wear the typical orange county jail uniforms; they allowed the Amish to wear dark gray uniforms.
Among notable county natives have been a US Vice President, four US Congressmen, heroes, singers and songwriters, and noted writers. The county has numerous historic sites.
On December 10, 2021, a large tornado caused significant damage throughout the county and destroyed much of Mayfield.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
McCracken County (north)
Marshall County (northeast)
Calloway County (southeast)
Henry County, Tennessee (southeast)
Weakley County, Tennessee (south)
Hickman County (southwest)
Carlisle County (northwest)
National protected area
Clarks River National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 37,028 people, 14,841 households, and 10,566 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 16,340 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.73% White, 4.44% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.30% from other races, and 1.11% from two or more races. 2.40% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,841 households, out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.80% were non-families. 26.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 27.30% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 16.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,874, and the median income for a family was $38,054. Males had a median income of $32,016 versus $20,177 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,834. About 13.10% of families and 16.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.70% of those under age 18 and 14.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Mayfield (county seat)
Water Valley
Wingo
Census-designated places
Fancy Farm
Farmington
Hickory
Lowes
Pryorsburg
Sedalia
Symsonia
Other unincorporated communities
Bell City
Boaz
Clear Springs
Cuba
Dogwood
Dublin
Dukedom (partial)
Fairbanks
Feliciana
Folsomdale
Golo
Kaler
Kansas
Lynnville
Melber (partial)
Natchez Trace
Pilot Oak
Pottsville
Podunk
South Highland
Stubblefield
Tri City
Viola
West Viola
Westplains
Wheel
Notable residents
Lucien Anderson – U.S. Representative
Alben W. Barkley – U.S. Representative, Senator, and Vice President
Lon Carter Barton – Historian, state representative
Andrew Boone – U.S. Representative
Herschel Green – World War II flying ace in the United States Army Air Forces
Noble Jones Gregory – U.S. Representative
William Voris Gregory – U.S. Representative
Carroll Hubbard – U.S. Representative
John Paul Hogan
Bobbie Ann Mason – author
Kevin Skinner – country singer and reality show winner
Adrian Smith – former NBA player
Jimmy Work – songwriter
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Graves County, Kentucky
References
External links
Graves County Schools
Mayfield and Graves County Chamber of Commerce and Tourism
Graves County Cluster of United Methodist Churches
Mayfield Graves County Airport
www.gravescountyky.com/
Kentucky counties
1824 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1824
Denderhoutem is a village, located in the Denderstreek in the Flemish province of East Flanders (Belgium). Since 1977 it is part of the municipality of Haaltert.
The arms show a garb, most likely a symbol for agriculture.
The old seals of the local council, dating from the 15th and 16th century, showed a tree, with on the sides two small shields, one with the lion of Flanders, the other with the arms of Burgundy. Why the council in the early 19th century applied for the garb instead is not known.
Residents
Mr. Johannes Josef van de Velde was a third class passenger on the RMS Titanic in 1912, their last place of residence is listed as Denderhoutem. Mr. van de Velde did not survive the sinking and their body was not recovered. They left behind a wife, four children and siblings.
Between 1880s and WW1 perhaps 500 emigrants left Denderhautem and area, located south of Aalst in East Flanders. The main areas of settlement were Detroit, southwest Ontario, California and British Columbia. One source of information on them is:
Denerdhautem naar Amerika
Events
Boerenmarkt
Driekoningen (first Saturday of the year)
Grote Kermis (first Sunday of September)
Jaarmarkt
Kleine Kermis (2 weeks after Easter)
Mini-Rock
Stopselquiz
Trotinettenkoers
Zonnestraatfeesten
References
External links (in Dutch)
AtomTV
Radio PROS (local radiostation)
Haaltert
Populated places in East Flanders
The Kalewa Barracks is a military command station located in Ndola, Zambia. It was founded in 1963 and is one of the six major military stations in Zambia.
References
Barracks in Zambia
1963 establishments in Northern Rhodesia
Ndola
South Carolina Highway 260 (SC 260) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects the Santee Dam and Manning.
Route description
SC 260 begins just north of the Santee Dam (which lies at the eastern end of Lake Marion) at a locale known as Eagle Point, within Clarendon County. It crosses over a part of the northeastern part of the lake. After it started curving to the north, it crosses over Birch Branch and part of White Oak Branch. It then passes the Clarendon County Airport – Sprott Field, which is just east of the Wyboo Golf Club. The highway crosses over Ox Swamp and Hog Branch just before entering Manning. In the city, it passes Clarendon Memorial Hospital, then has an intersection with U.S. Route 301 (US 301; Sunset Drive). About three blocks later, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SC 261 (West Boyce Street). Here, the roadway continues as North Mill Street.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 260 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
260
Transportation in Clarendon County, South Carolina
"Lonely People" is a song written by the husband-and-wife team of Dan Peek and Catherine Peek and recorded by America.
Background
"Lonely People" was the second single release from America's 1974 album Holiday. "Lonely People" reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100, the Peeks' only credited song to reach that chart's top 10, and was America's second number one on the Easy Listening chart, where it stayed for one week in February 1975.
"Lonely People" was not automatically earmarked for the Holiday album: Dan Peek unsuccessfully submitted a demo of the song for John Sebastian to consider recording.
"Lonely People" was written as an optimistic response to the Beatles' song "Eleanor Rigby". Dan Peek considered "Eleanor Rigby" an "overwhelming" "picture...of the masses of lost humanity, drowning in grey oblivion" and would recall being "lacerated" on first hearing the lyrics of its chorus which run "All the lonely people: where do they all come from...where do they all belong". "Lonely People" was written within a few weeks of Dan Peek's 1973 marriage to Catherine Maberry: Peek- "I always felt like a melancholy, lonely person. And now [upon getting married] I felt like I'd won." The lyrics of "Lonely People" advise "all the lonely people": "Don't give up until you drink from the silver cup", a metaphor which Dan Peek thus explains: "It's possible to drink from another's well of experience...and be refreshed."
Dan Peek solo release
After Dan Peek left America in 1977, they recalled performing "Lonely People" to close their concerts, introducing the song "with words to the effect" "that Jesus is the answer to loneliness". On the advice of a fan, Peek rewrote the lyrics of the song to convey a pro-Christian message and they recorded a revised version of "Lonely People" for their 1986 album Electro-Voice. This version changed the original lyrics "And ride that highway in the sky" and "You never know until you try" to "And give your heart to Jesus Christ." Peek's version was released as a single in 1986 and became a hit on contemporary Christian music stations.
Chart performance
America version
Dan Peek version
Other versions
Jars of Clay recorded "Lonely People" for their 2003 album Who We Are Instead. Their version was featured on The WB TV series Everwood and was on the 2004 Everwood soundtrack album.
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
1974 songs
1974 singles
Songs written by Dan Peek
America (band) songs
Song recordings produced by George Martin
Warner Records singles
Songs about loneliness
Events from the year 1603 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I (until 24 March), then James I
Events
March 24 – James VI of Scotland becomes King James I of England and Ireland upon the death of Elizabeth I in England (but the news is withheld from the Irish leaders in treaty negotiations).
March 31 – the Nine Years War (1595–1603) is ended by the submission of Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone, to the English Crown and the signing of the Treaty of Mellifont.
November – Geoffrey Keating is one of forty students who sail for Bordeaux under the charge of the Rev. Diarmaid MacCarthy to begin their studies at the Irish College which has just been founded in that city by Cardinal François de Sourdis, Archbishop of Bordeaux.
Ballintubber Abbey is suppressed.
Sir Edmund Pelham, Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer since 1602, holds the first assizes in Ulster, at Donegal.
Brian Óg na Samhthach Ó Ruairc, King of West Breifne is overthrown
Births
Approximate date – Audley Mervyn, lawyer, politician and soldier (d. 1675)
Deaths
March 24 – Queen Elizabeth I of England and Ireland (b. 1533)
William Piers, Governor of Carrickfergus
References
1600s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Duplje () is a settlement in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Duplje at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Al Jandal Sport Club () is a Saudi football club based in Dumat al-Jandal, Saudi Arabia. They currently play in the Saudi Second Division.
Current squad
References
External links
Al Jandal Club at Kooora.com
Jandal
1976 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Association football clubs established in 1976
Football clubs in Dumat al-Jandal
Sead Mehić (born 8 April 1975) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian former footballer.
Club career
On 17 May 2010, Mehić left FSV Frankfurt of the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga and signed with 3. Liga club Kickers Offenbach.
References
External links
German career stats – FuPa
1975 births
Living people
People from Bijeljina
Association football forwards
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Eintracht Frankfurt players
Eintracht Frankfurt II players
SV Meppen players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
FSV Frankfurt players
Kickers Offenbach players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Oberliga (football) players
3. Liga players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Ammerndorf is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.
It has 2192 inhabitants.
References
Fürth (district)
The Helmer and Selma Steen House is a private home in Vashon, Washington. Built in 1911, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Description
The site of the Steen House was originally an tract and is now . The American Craftsman house is a two-story wood-frame structure on a concrete foundation, surrounded on three sides by a concrete walkway. A separate garage is believed to have been one of the first automobile garages on the island. (Steen was the first on the island to order an automobile, but their delivery was delayed.)
The house has two bay windows and a two-story bay. The west side of the house originally had a river rock chimney, which was destroyed by an earthquake in 1965 and replaced with a brick masonry chimney. The wide porch rests on river rock piers.
Inside the house, the stair landing is illuminated by three large stained glass windows. The house has five rooms on both the first and second floors, with four additional rooms in the basement. The kitchen has been remodeled, but most of the interior is intact, including the original hot water heater and radiators. The sandstone fireplace was replaced along with the chimney after the 1965 earthquake.
History
Helmar (or Hilmar) and Selma Steen moved to Vashon Island from Norway. Steen operated a mill north of Vashon from 1900 to 1907. After building the house on Cove Road in 1911, they also built a small logging railroad and mill. The mill supplied electricity for the house, making it one of the first houses with electric power on the island.
The Steens moved to Seattle in 1923, and the house was owned by a succession of families. Around 2000, it was operated as a bed-and-breakfast with an adjacent ostrich farm. Current ownership and use is unknown.
References
National Register of Historic Places in King County, Washington
Residential buildings completed in 1911
Zechariah 1 is the first chapter of the Book of Zechariah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. This book contains the prophecies attributed to the prophet Zechariah, and is a part of the Book of the Twelve Minor Prophets. As the first of the total 14 chapters in the book, this chapter is a part of a section (so-called "First Zechariah") consisting of Zechariah 1-8. It records an introduction and the first two of eight visions received by the prophet.
Text
The original text was written in the Hebrew language. This chapter is divided into 21 verses in English Bibles. Hebrew Bible uses different "verse numbering" (see below).
Verse numbering
There are some differences in verse numbering of this chapter in English Bibles and Hebrew texts:
This article generally follows the common numbering in Christian English Bible versions, with notes to the numbering in Hebrew Bible versions.
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text, which includes the Codex Cairensis (from year 895), the Petersburg Codex of the Prophets (916), and Codex Leningradensis (1008).
Fragments containing parts of this chapter were found among the Dead Sea Scrolls, including: 4Q80 (4QXIIe; 75–50 BCE) with extant verses 4–6, 8–10, 13–15, and Mur88 (MurXII; from Wadi Murabba'at; from early 2nd century CE) with extant verses 1–4.
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint (with a different verse numbering), made in the last few centuries BCE. Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus (B; B; 4th century), Codex Sinaiticus (S; BHK: S; 4th century), Codex Alexandrinus (A; A; 5th century) and Codex Marchalianus (Q; Q; 6th century). Some fragments containing parts of this chapter (a revision of the Septuagint) were found among the Dead Sea Scrolls, i.e., Naḥal Ḥever 8Ḥev1 (8ḤevXIIgr); late 1st century BCE) with extant verses 1–4, 12–14, 19–21 (verses 2:2–4 in Masoretic verse numbering)
Time
This chapter contains two "date formulas", in verses 1 and 7, which place the recorded events in the year of 520-519 BCE, "in the second year of Darius" (son of Hystaspes), the king of Persia. Accordingly, Zechariah was a contemporary of the prophet Haggai, confirming the records in Ezra 5:1 and Ezra 6:14.
Verse 1: "in the eighth month" corresponds to mid October–mid November 520 BCE.
Verse 7: "the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month" corresponds to a date between mid-January and mid-February 519 BCE.
Preface (1:1–6)
Verses 1–6 serve as an "Introduction" to the subsequent visions and prophecies received by Zechariah with a call for the people to repentance.
This section together with chapters 7 and 8 form an editorial frame of the book.
Verse 1
In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius,
came the word of the Lord unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet,
saying,
"In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius": corresponds to mid October-mid November 520 BCE. Two months before, "in the sixth month", Haggai, conjointly with Zechariah, exhorted Zerubbabel and the people to resume the intermitted building of the temple, despite the partial discouragement of the Persian Government, and "in the seventh month" Haggai conveyed the magnificent promise about 'the later glory of the temple'.). However, Haggai also warned them, that the conversion was not complete, and Zechariah "in the eighth month", as well as Haggai "in the ninth month",), urges a “thorough and inward repentance,” as the condition of receiving God's promises.
"The eighth month": it was called Bul before the Captivity, and afterward Marchesvan; corresponds to parts of October and November, usually a time of rain in the area.
"Darius": Darius son of Hystaspes, and the third Persian monarch:; not to be confused with Darius the Mede.
"Zechariah": The name means "one whom Jehovah remembers": a common name, four others of the same name occurring in the Old Testament. Like Jeremiah and Ezekiel, they were a priest as well as a prophet, which adapts them for the sacerdotal character of some of their prophecies.  They are called "the son of Berechiah the son of Iddo"; but simply "the son of Iddo" in and . Probably their father died when they were young; and hence, as sometimes occurs in Jewish genealogies, they are called "the son of Iddo," their grandfather. Iddo was one of the priests who returned to Zerubbabel and Joshua from Babylon.) They were murdered on a Day of Atonement in the Second Temple in Jerusalem, because of their admonishment, according to the Targum Lamentations 2:20. This was mentioned by Jesus Christ as recorded in : "...shedding the blood of the prophets... from the blood of the righteous Abel to the blood of Zechariah son of Barachiah, whom you murdered between the sanctuary and the altar".> There is another Zechariah son of the priest Jehoiada that was murdered as recorded in , but this Zechariah is from the 9th century, during the First Temple period, before the exile to Babylon, and they were killed by officials of Judah who wanted to worship pagan deities, not by priests.
"The son of Iddo the prophet": the word "prophet", as Kimchi observes, belongs to Zechariah; not but that their grandfather Iddo might be a prophet too; and the same writer takes notice, that in the Midrash mention is made of Iddo the prophet; and so there is an Iddo that is called the seer and the prophet in .
Vision of horses (1:7–17)
This section records the first of Zechariah's eight night visions, which are their primary and most distinctive feature, with a high literary form and a standardized format, structured in a concentric pattern. In the first vision, the earth is peaceful and expectant, patrolled by the four horsemen (the first of numerous symbols from Zechariah to be reused in the Book of Revelation). The 'seventy years of the Lord's withholding mercy are fulfilled, the people are returned and the temple is to be rebuilt.
Verse 7
Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second year of Darius,
came the word of the Lord unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet,
saying,
"the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month... in the second year of Darius": Corresponds to mid-January to mid-February 519 BCE, exactly five months after the building of the temple was resumed, and two months after Haggai's last prophecy.
"the month Sebat": The Hebrew month "Shevat" (called here by its Chaldean name) answered to parts of January and February. It was three months since Zechariah had been called to the prophetical office, and two months after Haggai delivered their final prophecies, so now Zechariah carries on the revelation. The term is Chaldee, meaning a "shoot," namely, the month when trees begin to "shoot" or "bud". Called Sabat in the Septuagint version, and in the Apocrypha.
Verse 12
Then the Angel of the Lord answered and said, "O Lord of hosts, how long will You not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which You were angry these seventy years?"
Vision of the horns and craftsmen (1:18–21)
The second vision contains the symbolism of the 'powerful nations that have terrorized the chosen people' and the 'counterforces ("blacksmiths" or "craftsmen") raised by YHWH'.
Verse 20
Then the Lord showed me four craftsmen.
"Craftsmen" (MEV, NASB, NIV, NKJV): from Hebrew , ; KJV: "carpenters"; NET Bible: "blacksmiths"; a generic term which can mean "metalworker, smith, armorer".
Verse 21
And I said, "What are these coming to do?"
And they said, "These are the horns that scattered Judah after which no one could raise their head; and these four craftsmen have come to terrify and throw down the horns of the nations who lifted up their horn against the land of Judah to scatter it."
"These four craftsmen": lit. "these", referring to the four persons in previous verse. As the horns are perhaps made of strong metal (representing oppressive nations with strong military), they can only be cut off by "craftsmen" or "blacksmiths", who represent 'deliverers whom the Lord raises up, such as kings like Cyrus of Persia'.
See also
Related Bible parts: Ezra 5, Ezra 6, Jeremiah 25, Jeremiah 29, Daniel 9, Haggai 1, Haggai 2, Zechariah 2, Zechariah 3, Zechariah 4, Zechariah 5, Zechariah 6, Matthew 23, Revelation 6
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
Jewish
Zechariah 1 Hebrew with Parallel English
Zechariah 1 Hebrew with Rashi's Commentary
Christian
Zechariah 1 English Translation with Parallel Latin Vulgate
01
Bob Sheens was a rugby league footballer in Australia's major competition the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL). Bob is the brother of Tim Sheens.
Bob Sheens played 10 1st grade matches during their career, all matches were for the Eastern Suburbs club in 1979 and 1981.
Bob Sheens worked as a physical education (PE) teacher at Belmore Boys High School in the 1970s, Randwick Boys High School (RBHS) in the early to mid 1980s.  They are the brother of former professional rugby league footballer and coach Tim Sheens.
Sheen worked under their brother as strength coach at the North Queensland Cowboys.
Sheens worked as a conditioner at Eastern Suburbs and Cronulla Sutherland and later was a lower grade coach at the Western Reds.
Bob Sheens currently works as a physical education (PE) teacher and a former passionate B Grade Coach at Marcellin College Randwick (MCR).
Footnotes
References
Australian rugby league players
Sydney Roosters players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rugby league players from Sydney
1883 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs
Events
Modification of the scoring rules produces a system of four points for a touchdown, two points for kicks after touchdowns, two points for safeties, and five for field goals.
Association football
England
FA Cup final – Blackburn Olympic 2–1 Old Etonians (aet). This is the first time that the FA Cup is won by a professional team and by a team from the north of England.
Burnley FC moves to its present ground at Turf Moor and plays its first game there in February against Rawtenstall, but loses 6–3.
Bristol Rovers founded as Black Arabs FC.
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Dumbarton 2–1 Vale of Leven (replay following 2–2 draw)
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – Boston Beaneaters (NL) v. Philadelphia Athletics (AA) cancelled
Events
The NL, AA, and Northwestern League limit competition in the Tripartite Agreement, the first National Agreement and the birth of so-called "Organised Baseball".
6 September — Chicago White Stockings set a still standing record for Major League Baseball by scoring 18 runs in a single inning (the 7th) in a game against the Detroit Wolverines.
Boxing
Events
American heavyweight champion John L. Sullivan has a scare when they are knocked down in the first round of their fight against Charley Mitchell in New York City. They recover to secure a technical knockout when police intervene after the third round and stop the fight. Sullivan goes on tour across America, fighting mainly in exhibition bouts; none of their genuine challengers last more than three rounds.
Cricket
Events
England tours Australia to play a Test series of three matches, England winning 2–1 and so regaining The Ashes for the first time.
England
Champion County – Nottinghamshire
Most runs – Walter Read 1,573 @ 47.66 (HS 168)
Most wickets – Ted Barratt 148 @ 15.90 (BB 8–28)
Australia
Most runs – Alec Bannerman 434 @ 54.25 (HS 101*)
Most wickets – Eugene Palmer 51 @ 11.52 (BB 7–65)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Willie Fernie
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Zoedone
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Hauteur
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Galliard
The Derby – St. Blaise
The Oaks – Bonny Jean
St. Leger Stakes – Ossian
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Martini-Henry
Canada
Queen's Plate – Roddy Pringle
Ireland
Irish Grand National – The Gift
Irish Derby Stakes – Sylph
USA
Kentucky Derby – Leonatus
Preakness Stakes – Jacobus
Belmont Stakes – George Kinney
Ice hockey
The first Montreal Winter Carnival ice hockey tournament is held as part of the Montreal Winter Carnival in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in late January and early February. It is the first championship ice hockey tournament and is won by the Montreal McGill University team.
5 March – The Ottawa Hockey Club is founded.
Luge
Events
First organised competition takes place in Davos, Switzerland
Rowing
The Boat Race
15 March — Oxford wins the 40th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The inaugural series is won by England
Other events
Foundation of Hull Kingston Rovers and Hunslet
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – William Renshaw (GB) defeats Ernest Renshaw (GB) 2–6 6–3 6–3 4–6 6–3
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Richard D. Sears (USA) defeats James Dwight (USA) 6–2 6–0 9–7
World
The 7th pre-open era 1883 Men's Tennis tour gets underway 30 tournaments are staged this year from 24 April to 12 November.
References
Sports by year
1880 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Princeton Tigers and Yale Bulldogs (shared)
Events
Walter Camp becomes an influential figure at the Massasoit House conventions where rules are debated and changed. Their 1878 proposal to reduce the teams from fifteen players to eleven is passed in 1880, the effect being to open up the game and emphasise speed over strength. Camp's most famous rule proposal, the establishment of the line of scrimmage and the snap from center to quarterback, is also passed in 1880.
Association football
England
FA Cup final – Clapham Rovers 1–0 Oxford University at The Oval
A dispute develops between Bolton Wanderers and the FA about professionalism, a heated topic in football through the 1880s which will directly or indirectly involve many other clubs besides Bolton. The FA espouses the so–called "Corinthian Spirit" and there are constant arguments about broken–time payments, out–of–pocket expenses and what amounts to actual wages. Despite its convictions, the FA has no objection to professional clubs playing in the FA Cup and this may be a tacit acknowledgement that the growth of professionalism is inevitable. There are close links at this time between football and cricket, which has employed professionals since the 17th century. Part of the problem is that many of the amateurs see football as "fun", but cricket is taken very seriously and the professional cricketer is considered necessary. Bolton Wanderers, formed in 1874 as a church team, has already become an ambitious club and is turning professional to attract talent from Scotland. Its neighbour Blackburn Rovers also turns professional in 1880.
Manchester City founded as St Marks (West Gorton) by members of St Mark's Church Cricket team. First match was on 13th November.
Ireland
Establishment of the Irish Football Association (IFA) in Belfast as the world's fourth oldest football association. Until the formation of the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) in 1921, the IFA administers football throughout Ireland although participation in the 19th century is mainly centred on the Belfast area. The IFA now governs football in Northern Ireland only and is not to be confused with the FAI which governs football in the Republic of Ireland.
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Queen's Park 3–0 Thornliebank at Hampden Park
Baseball
National championship
National League champions – Chicago White Stockings
Events
The latest National Association, a professional rival of the National League, goes out of business after its fourth season, contested by only three to four clubs.
Boxing
Events
30 May — after four years of inactivity, Joe Goss finally defends their Heavyweight Championship of America title against Paddy Ryan at Collier's Station, West Virginia. Ryan wins after 87 rounds.
John L. Sullivan is now the main contender for Ryan's title and announces that they will fight anyone in America, with or without gloves, for $500.
Cricket
Events
6–8 September — the first ever Test match played in England sees England defeat Australia at The Oval by 5 wickets after W. G. Grace scores England's first Test century.
England
Champion County – Nottinghamshire
Most runs – Billy Barnes 1,220 @ 28.37 (HS 143)
Most wickets – Alfred Shaw took 186 @ 8.54 (BB 8–31) and their Notts colleague Fred Morley took 184 @ 12.26 (BB 8–36)
Australia
Most runs – Alec Bannerman 103 @ 25.75 (HS 52)
Most wickets – William Cooper 12 @ 10.75 (BB 7–37)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Bob Ferguson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Empress
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Elizabeth
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Petronel
The Derby – Bend Or
The Oaks – Jenny Howlet
St. Leger Stakes – Robert the Devil
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Grand Flaneur
Canada
Queen's Plate – Bonnie Bird
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Controller
Irish Derby Stakes – King of the Bees
USA
Kentucky Derby – Fonso
Preakness Stakes – Grenada
Belmont Stakes – Grenada
Rowing
The Boat Race
22 March — Oxford wins the 37th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Events
Foundation of Batley RLFC, Leicester RUFC and Northampton RUFC
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – John Hartley (GB) defeats Herbert Lawford (GB) 6–3, 6–2, 2–6, 6–3
World
The 4th pre-open era 1880 Men's Tennis tour gets underway 13 tournaments are staged this year between 12 April – 28 November 1880.
References
Sports by year
Milton Historic District is a national historic district located at Milton, Caswell County, North Carolina. It encompasses 15 contributing buildings in the town of Milton. The district includes notable examples of Federal and Greek Revival style architecture. In addition to the separately listed Milton State Bank and Union Tavern, other notable buildings include the Clay-Lewis-Irvine House, Winstead House, Presbyterian Church, Baptist Meeting House (Milton Church), Old Shops, Old Stores, and row houses. Fittings in the Presbyterian Church and Baptist Meeting House (Milton Church) are attributed to noted African-American cabinetmaker Thomas Day.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
References
External links
Historic American Buildings Survey in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Greek Revival architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Caswell County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Caswell County, North Carolina
This article displays the rosters for the participating teams at the 2015 AfroBasket Women.
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes current club
|}
See also
2015 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup squads
References
External links
Official Site
AfroBasket Women squads
Everything That Rises...Must Converge! is the fourth album by the Danish rock act Sort Sol (aka Sods) and the second after renaming of the band.
The album name comes from the title of a short story by the American writer Flannery O'Connor. The album was released in 1987 and showed another change of direction for the group. Before the recording of the album, the second guitarist Lars Top-Galia had joined the group, which caused the band's sound to develop into a more hard edged, hard rocking sound, followed by immediate musical sparks between Top-Galia and the group's other guitarist, Peter Peter Schneidermann, who soon named themselves the "Evil Twins".
In 1997, the album was reissued with a whole disc of outtakes and B-sides called "The Violent Bear It Away", which was intended to be the title of the album and is also the title of a short story by O'Connor. This extra disc has a re-recording of the song "As They Weep" from the Dagger & Guitar album, but on this version, it is sung by the lead singer Steen Jørgensen instead of the American Lydia Lunch who sung lead vocals on the original version. It also contains a cover version of T.Rex's "Children of the Revolution".
Track listing
"Ode to Billie Joe" - 7:07 (Bobbie Gentry)
"A Knife for the Ladies" - 2:51 (Jørgensen, Top Galia)
"Shapes of Summer" - 3:23 (Odde/Odde, Schneidermann)
"Abyss Revisited" - 3:09 (Odde/Schneidermann, Jørgensen, Ortved)
"Angelus Novus" - 2:01 (Odde)
"Fire Engine" - 3:19 (Hall, Sutherland, Erickson; arranged by Ortved and Sort Sol)
"Searching Down the Block" - 3:31 (Odde)
"Midget Finger" - 4:46 (Odde/Odde, Jørgensen)
"Pinocchio Loose" - 3:25 (Odde/Schneidermann)
"Marguerita" - 2:23 (Don Robertson)
"The Violent Bear It Away"
"Black Sabbath" - 5:33 (Black Sabbath)
"Blood in the Saddle" - 2:29 (Tex Ritter)
"Children of the Revolution" (Marc Bolan) - 2:32
"Hurricane Fighter Plane" - 4:06 (Mayo Thompson, Steve Cunningham, Frederick Barthelme)
"Interpreter" - 2:39 (Roky Erickson)
"As They Weep" - 7:24 (lyrics: Lydia Lunch; music: Sort Sol)
"Indian Summer" - 4:49 (Valentin Jørgensen, Lars Hybel)
Personnel
Sort Sol
Lars Top-Galia – guitar
Peter Peter – lead guitar
Steen Jørgensen – vocals
Knud Odde – bass guitar
Tomas Ortved – drums
Additional musicians and production
Elisabeth G. Nielsen – backing vocals on "A Knife For The Ladies"
Flemming Nygaard Madsen – cello on "A Knife For The Ladies"
Torsten "Metalstein" Hvas – handclaps
4-eyed Thomas – production
Thomas Brekling – mixing
Ulf Lindqvist – mixing
Peter Brander – engineering
Flemming Naumann – engineering
References
Sort Sol albums
1987 albums
Vanguard TV-0, also called Vanguard Test Vehicle-Zero, was the first sub-orbital test flight of a Vanguard rocket as part of the Project Vanguard.
Project Vanguard was a program managed by the United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL), and designed and built by the Glenn L. Martin Company (now Lockheed-Martin), which intended to launch the first artificial satellite into Earth orbit using a Vanguard rocket, powered by a basic design for large liquid rockets. as the launch vehicle from Cape Canaveral Missile Annex, Florida.
Background
Vanguard TV-0's success was an important part of the Space Race. The Space Race started between the United States and the Soviet Union at the end of World War II, as a race began to retrieve as many V-2 rockets and Nazi Germany V-2 staff as possible. Three hundred rail-car loads of V-2 rocket weapons and parts were captured and shipped to the United States, also 126 of the principal designers of the V-2, including Wernher von Braun and Walter Dornberger, went to America. von Braun, their brother Magnus von Braun, and seven others decided to surrender to the United States military in Operation Paperclip to ensure they were not captured by the advancing Soviets or shot dead by the Nazis to prevent their capture. Thus the V-2 program started the Space Race, the V-2 could not orbit, but could reach a height of on long range trajectory and up to if launched vertically.
Due to later problems with Vanguard it was not the first rocket to put into orbit an unmanned satellite. The first small-lift launch vehicle was the Sputnik rocket, it put into orbit an unmanned orbital carrier rocket designed by Sergei Korolev in the Soviet Union, derived from the R-7 Semyorka ICBM. On 4 October 1957, the Sputnik rocket was used to perform the world's first satellite launch, placing Sputnik 1 satellite into a low Earth orbit.
The United States responded by launching the Vanguard rocket, that was intended to be the first launch vehicle the United States would use to place a satellite into orbit. Instead, the Sputnik crisis caused by the surprise launch of Sputnik 1 led the U.S., after the failure of Vanguard TV-3, to quickly orbit the Explorer 1 satellite using a Juno I rocket launched on 1 February 1958. Thus Vanguard 1 was the second successful U.S. orbital launch. Thus started the Space Race, that gave the drive to put men on the Moon with the Apollo program.
Launch
Ordinarily the countdown began five hours before launch at T-300 minutes. At T-255 minutes, the technicians turned on the satellite and checked it. At T-95 minutes, liquid oxygen (LOX) began pouring into the oxidizer tanks of the vehicle. At T-65 minutes, the gantry crane retired from the flight firing structure. At T-3 minutes, the time-unit ped for the countdown changed to seconds (T-180 seconds), and instrumentation men shifted the telemetry, radar beacons, and command receivers to internal power. At T-30 seconds, the cooling-air umbilical dropped and the LOX-vents on the vehicle closed. At T-0, the fire switch closed, the electrical umbilical dropped from the vehicle, and about six seconds later (T+6), if all was well, the vehicle lifted off.
In October 1956, Viking 13, refurbished and renamed Vanguard Test Vehicle-Zero, or TV-0, arrived at Cape Canaveral. In November 1956, it was transported to pad 18A. Vanguard TV-0 was only a one-stage test flight. It was launched on 8 December 1956 at 01:05 local time (06:05 GMT) at Cape Canaveral from launch pad LC-18A. A Viking launch stand was shipped from White Sands Missile Range for use at the Cape Canaveral. The one-stage test flight was to prepare for the late launch of the full three-stage Vanguard. One of the goals of the test was to test the new Minitrack transmitter used as part of the tracking systems. Shortly after two minutes after lift off a small telemetry antennas unrolled from the rocket transmitting an oscillator's beep. The beep was picked up at the Air Force Missile Test Center's (AFMTC) tracking station.
Vanguard TV-0 was very successful, the one-stage rocket achieved an altitude of and a down range of , landing in the Atlantic Ocean. Vanguard TV-0 was followed by Vanguard TV-1. Vanguard TV-1 was a successful two-stage prototype rocket. With Vanguard TV-0 success, the next suborbital test flight, Vanguard TV-1, was launched in May 1957.
See also
Vanguard rocket
Project Vanguard
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Rocket
Spacecraft propulsion
References
External links
VIKING U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L.; The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Project Vanguard
The OHSU Knight Cancer Institute (previously the OHSU Cancer Institute) is a research institute within Oregon Health & Science University. The National Cancer Institute (NCI) designated cancer center currently has over 400 clinical trials in progress and is led by director Dr. Brian Druker. It is the only NCI-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center in the state of Oregon. The institute is named after Phil Knight and their wife, who donated over $600 million to the center; $100 million in 2008 and $500 million in 2013. The $500 million gift required a matching $500 million, which led to a $100 million donation by Columbia Sportswear chairperson Gert Boyle in 2014.
History
The institute was first designated as a NCI Designated Cancer Center in 1997 and was awarded the status of comprehensive cancer center in 2017. Brian Druker was named the director of the then OHSU Cancer Institute in 2007.
Research areas
The Knight Cancer Institute supports over 200 investigators who are affiliated with one of four Cancer Research Programs: Cancer Biology, Cancer Prevention and Control, Quantitative Oncology, and Translational Oncology. The Cancer Biology program focuses on tumorigenesis, signal transduction, and the tumor microenvironment. It is led by researchers Mara Sherman and Melissa Wong. Susan Flocke and Kerri Winters-Stone lead the Cancer Prevention and Control research program, which explores cancer prevention and risk reduction, screening and early detection, and survivorship. The Quantitative Oncology program focuses on technology development, molecular characterization, and systems biology. The fourth research program, Translational Oncology, has themes of target validation and high-impact interventions. This program is led by Lara Davis and Jeffrey Tyner.
References
Oregon Health & Science University
NCI-designated cancer centers
Medical and health organizations based in Oregon
Cancer organizations based in the United States
Medical research institutes in the United States
Research institutes in Oregon
Claude Trahan (17 March 1939 – 6 December 1975) was a Canadian ski jumper who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics. They died in a car accident in 1975.
References
1939 births
1975 deaths
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Road incident deaths in Canada
The Artery Foundation is a full-service management company based in California and founded in 2004. The Artery Foundation finds, represents, supports and manages various entertainment artists.
The Artery Foundation hosts its own North American tour Artery Foundation Across the Nation Tour, which started in 2008 and has since then expanded to Europe. The tour is often held in the springtime. The company also hosts an annual free showcase at the South by Southwest music festival where fans line up as early as 4:00 am to guarantee a spot into the show.
During the summer of 2012, The Artery Foundation opened up an additional office in Australia. Arrangements are currently underway for an additional office in Portland.
Artery Recordings
In 2010 Eric Rushing started Artery Recordings, an imprint record label with Razor & Tie.
Current artists as of 2016
Alesana
American Standards
Anvil
Arsis
Captain Midnite
Conquer Divide
Davey Suicide
Dayshell
Deathstars
Destruction
Devil in the Details
Flotsam and Jetsam
Graveshadow
Hail the Sun
Jesse Lawson
Kegan Kline
Kyle Lucas
Miss Fortune
Necromancing the Stone
Northern Lights
Psychostick
Sleeptalk
Straight Line Stitch
The Color Wild
Unleash the Archers
William Control
Alumni
3 Inches of Blood
Abandon All Ships
A Bullet for Pretty Boy
Adestria
A Day To Remember
Affiance
A Lot Like Birds
A Static Lullaby
The Agonist
The Air I Breathe
Alive, in Standby
All Shall Perish
Amarna Reign
Amyst
The Amity Affliction
An Angle
An Early Ending
Arden Park Roots
Armor For The Broken
The Arrival
Artifex Pereo
Asking Alexandria
A Skylit Drive
Attack Attack!
Attila
At the Skylines
Beartooth
Before Their Eyes
Being as an Ocean
Betraying the Martyrs
Black Tongue
Bleach Blonde
Blessed by a Broken Heart
Blinded Black
Blood Youth
Boris the Blade
Breathe Carolina
Broadway
Brokencyde
The Browning
Bruised But Not Broken
Built On Secrets
Burden of a Day
Buried In Verona
Burn Halo
Bury Tomorrow
Capture the Crown
Carcer City
Chelsea Grin
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk!
Church Tongue
City Lights
CLASS
Close to Home
Come Wind
Conducting from the Grave
Corrosion of Conformity
The Crimson Armada
Currents
Dance Gavin Dance
Dark Sermon
Dayseeker
Deadhand
Dead Silence Hides My Cries
Death Of An Era
Demon Hunter
Desolated
The Devil Wears Prada
The Divine
Dream On, Dreamer
Dredg
Drop Dead, Gorgeous
Early Seasons
Earth Crisis
Emarosa
Embracer
ERRA
Eva Plays Dead
Evergreen Terrace
Ex Deo
Exotype
Fight Fair
First Blood
Fit for a King
For All Eternity
For All Those Sleeping
For the Fallen Dreams
Four Letter Lie
From First to Last
Get Scared
Ghost Key
The Gift of Ghosts
Glamour of the Kill
Handguns
Heart Of A Coward
Hearts&Hands
Honor Bright
Honour Crest
The Hottness
Hundredth
I Am Abomination
Idlehands
I Declare War
Incredible' Me
Impending Doom
I See Stars
I Set My Friends On Fire
In Alcatraz 1962
In Dying Arms
In Fear and Faith
Jonny Craig
Kataklysm
Katastro
Kublai Khan
Kurt Travis
Lead Hands
Like Moths to Flames
Living Sacrifice
Lower Definition
Make Them Suffer
Malevolence
May 4 Massacre
Mantis
Memphis May Fire
Merchants
Mercy Music
Millionaires
Miracle at St. Anna
The Mission in Motion
Miss May I
Molotov Solution
Motionless In White
MSWHITE
MyChildren MyBride
My Enemies & I
My Iron Lung
Myka, Relocate
Native Suns
Nerd Rage
Novelists
Oceans Ate Alaska
Oceana
Oceano
The Ocean
Of Machines
Of Mice & Men
Oh, Sleeper
Old Again
The Ongoing Concept
The Orphan, The Poet
Our Hollow, Our Home
Our Last Night
Outline in Color
Out of Hand
Panzer
Phinehas
The Plot In You
Polyphia
Prepared Like A Bride
Revocation
Saving Grace
Saviour
Scarlett O' Hara
The Seeking
Set to Reflect
Serpents
Sheilds
Shoot the Girl First
Sierra
Silent Planet
Silent Screams
Silence the Messenger
Sinizen
Sirens and Sailors
Sister Sin
Slaves
Sluggo
Sleeping Giant
Sleeping with Sirens
Stick to Your Guns
The Storm Picturesque
Storm The Sky
Sylar
System Divide
Tear Out the Heart
Ten After Two
This or the Apocalypse
This is Wild Life
Throwdown
Tides of Man
Tilian Pearson
To Each Their Own
Unearth
Upon This Dawning
Vanna
Varsity (now on Nightfall Management)
Veara
War From A Harlots Mouth
War of Ages
We Rob Banks
With One Last Breath
Whitechapel
White Fox Society
Within the Ruins
Woe, Is Me
Wolves at the Gate
Songwriters
Alex Wade
Ben Bruce
Ben Savage
Caleb Shomo
David Davidson
Felix Andreani
Matsvei Fedorentchik
Ramin Niroomand
Music producers
Andreas Magnusson
Kris Crummett
Nick Sampson
Zeuss
Photo & Video
Ambitious.Films
Phill Mamula
References
External links
Entertainment companies of the United States
Companies based in California
Eustrongylidosis is a parasitic disease that mainly affects wading birds worldwide; however, the parasite's complex, indirect lifecycle involves other species, such as aquatic worms and fish. Moreover, this disease is zoonotic, which means the parasite can transmit disease from animals to humans. Eustrongylidosis is named after the causative agent Eustrongylides, and typically occurs in eutrophicated waters where concentrations of nutrients and minerals are high enough to provide ideal conditions for the parasite to thrive and persist. Because eutrophication has become a common issue due to agricultural runoff and urban development, cases of eustrongylidosis are becoming prevalent and hard to control. Eustrongylidosis can be diagnosed before or after death by observing behavior and clinical signs, and performing fecal flotations and necropsies. Methods to control it include preventing eutrophication and providing hosts with uninfected food sources in aquaculture farms. Parasites are known to be indicators of environmental health and stability, so should be studied further to better understand the parasite's lifecycle and how it affects predator-prey interactions and improve conservation efforts.
Cause
Eustrongylidosis is caused by several species of roundworms. The nematodes are red, large, and easily noticeable, and are characterized by the absence of a posterior sucker. These roundworms cause a high mortality rate in nesting egrets and other wading birds, including other coastal populations. The parasite was first detected in fish. The parasite is then transferred from the fish to the waterfowl when the bird is eating the fish. After consumption, the parasite perforates through the stomach lining, often resulting in the death of the host.
Lifecycle
Eustrongylidosis is caused by three species of Eustrongylides: E. ignotus, E. tubifex, and E. excisus. Eustrongylides spp. are macroscopic roundworms or nematodes that reproduce sexually year-round. The parasite has a complex lifecycle that involves two intermediate hosts, a paratenic host, and a definitive host. Therefore, the lifecycle is indirect because the parasite has to infect other species to reach its final host and become sexually mature and reproduce. Intermediate hosts and definitive hosts provide the parasite transport to other hosts and a place to develop, whereas paratenic hosts only provide transport to other hosts. The cycle begins when the wading bird excretes feces in or nearby a water body. In the feces, the eggs are shed, and once they reach the water, an oligochaete, or aquatic worm, feeds on the eggs and becomes the first intermediate host. Within the oligochaete, the parasite eggs hatch and develop into second- and third-stage larvae. When a fish feeds on the infected oligochaete, it becomes the second intermediate host and the parasite develops into a fourth-stage larva. Finally, when a wading bird feeds on the infected fish, it becomes the definitive or final host and Eustrongylides becomes sexually mature. The parasite becomes an adult within 3 to 5 hours after infection and sheds eggs within 14 to 23 days after infection. The cycle repeats itself when the parasite becomes sexually mature and sheds eggs through the feces of the bird to the external environment. If a larger fish, amphibian, or reptile feeds on the infected fish before the wading bird does, it becomes a paratenic hosts until fed on by the definitive host.
Species affected
Eustrongylides spp. have been found in a variety of wildlife species, including freshwater fishes, such as perch (Perca fluviatilis), sheat fish (Silurus glanis), pike (Esox lucius), pikeperch (Sander lucioperca), and sun perch (Lepomis eupomotis gibbosus). Eustrongylides spp. have also been observed in wading birds (Ciconiiformes), including great blue herons (Ardea herodias), great egrets (Casmerodius albus), and snowy egrets (Egretta thula).
Distribution
Eustrongylides spp. have been reported throughout most of the world. Within the United States, E. tubifex and E. ignotus have been observed in wildlife. This disease can be found in rookeries, especially in areas consisting of dense bird populations. These species are also found in nesting habitats of birds, including areas with a low tree understory.
Clinical signs
Eustrongylides has evolved to infect the outside surface of the ventriculus of birds or the stomach in fish. This is due to the bird's response to parasitic infections, which involves regurgitating food to remove the parasite from their bodies. By inhabiting the outside of the stomach, though, the bird cannot get rid of the parasite and continually regurgitates food until it becomes emaciated. Furthermore, the presence of the parasite in the ventriculus causes secondary infections such as bacterial peritonitis, the inflammation of the abdominal cavity walls, and sepsis, the infiltration of bacteria in the blood, when the parasite penetrates the stomach. Birds less than a week old are more susceptible to eustrongylidosis than older birds for several reasons. First, their immune system is still developing and weak. Second, sibling competition for food is common in young birds. Finally, their growth rates become suppressed, so they tend to die before the parasite becomes sexually mature and sheds eggs. Unlike young birds, older birds develop chronic eustrongylidosis because of their stronger immune systems. Similar to young birds, old birds have lesions in their ventriculi and develop secondary infections. A common behavior in both young and old birds includes regurgitation of food, which leads to lack of appetite and eventually anorexia or emaciation. In some cases, the parasite can inhabit the lung and cause respiratory problems that increase stress levels and severity of the disease. In fish, the parasite affects its body condition, making it more susceptible to predation rather than to the disease. Since the parasite depends on the intermediate host to reach the definitive host, it cannot harm the fish without first luring it to its predator, the wading bird.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis in a live specimen is possible in the field by palpating the abdomen. As with birds, prominence of the keel could be a determinant in diagnosis, but natural history of the species needs to be understood to avoid potential misdiagnoses. The best form of diagnosis, though is as necropsy. During the necropsy, the best diagnosis can be determined by scanning the adult nematodes with electron microscopy. Different species Eustrongylides nematodes can be differentiated by specific gender characteristics, i.e. "Male specimens of E. ignotus have a caudal sucker that lacks cuticular cleft, while a cuticular cleft is present in the caudal sucker of male specimens of E. excisus". "Eustrongylidosis can often be misdiagnosed as starvation in nestlings because they are often emaciated at the time of death".
Before necropsy takes place, diagnosis by palpation can be used to find tubular lesions, which are firm in texture, firmly attached to organs, and felt in the subcutaneous tissue. While palpation is practical and simple, errors can be made in nestlings' examinations because their ribs have the potential to present as lesions. Diagnosis is also attainable by examining fecal samples, but has the high potential of false negatives. That possibility is increased in fledging feces "where severe disease may precede appearance of eggs in the feces".
Prevention and control
Because of Eustrongylides species' complex lifecycle with various host species, preventing infection and controlling outbreaks is difficult. Outbreaks of this disease are closely linked to agricultural runoff and urban development. Eutrophication of water bodies supports high population levels of oligochaete worms, which causes increased numbers of infected fish that eat the worms, and then the birds that eat the fish.
One way to prevent eustrongylidosis is to control oligochaete populations. Outbreaks of this parasite are closely linked to high numbers of oligochaete worms in an area's waterways, because the worms are essential for the species to reproduce. Oligochaete populations can be controlled by monitoring nutrient levels in the water, because high nutrient levels support oligochaete populations. They can also be controlled by decreasing the level of oxygen in the water. Encouraging responsible farming practices to reduce chemical run-off can help prevent this disease from occurring.
Managers need to be diligent in catching the symptoms of the parasite before it can become an outbreak. Once an outbreak of eustrongylidosis has occurred, ecosystem managers can do little to stop the spread in oligochaetes, fish, and birds. Traditional anthelminthics (dewormers) are not effective in fish because they kill parasites that live inside the gastrointestinal tract, whereas Eustrongylides species live outside the stomach in the body cavity. The parasites can only be removed from fish surgically, which is not feasible. To completely stop the lifecycle in fish, all fish in an affected area must be culled.
Surgical removal of the parasite from wading birds is a viable option, but this would also not be feasible for a large number of birds, and it would not stop the cycle of infection.
Treatment
Treatment for eustrongylidosis is limited in the wading-bird population due to the extensive amount of perforation in the stomach lining and limited funds available for treatment. In humans who are infected with the parasites, surgery is required to remove it from the intestinal wall. As surgery is not a feasible treatment option for wading fowl in the wild en masse, treatment of the infected birds (a large portion of wild populations) has not been found, nor will likely be practical. A possibility exists that killing or removing the nematodes could do more harm to the host specimen than actual good.
References
Parasitic diseases
Waterborne diseases
Beatrice Scalvedi (born 23 June 1995 in Bellinzona) is a swiss former alpine skier who won the silver medal in downhill at the World Junior Alpine Skiing Championships 2016 and started one World Cup race in the same year.
Having their career limited because of various injuries, they were forced to retire in 2018 due to back problems after more than one year of inactivity.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Swiss female alpine skiers
People from Bellinzona
Sportspeople from Ticino
Srikanth Balachandran is one of the NRIs (Non-Resident Indians) in the United Kingdom.  They are a Director with the Bharati Group, and is based in London. They have been with the Bharti Group for 10 years, and has served as Global CFO as well as Global CHRO in Bharti Airtel, the world's third largest mobile operator with more than 450 million customers across 16 countries.
Education
Srikanth has an undergraduate degree in commerce from Madras University.  They are a qualified Chartered Accountant securing All India second rank in Nov 1984.
Career
Srikanth joined Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL), a FMCG company in 1985. They worked in Unilever for 23 years taking positions including vice president, finance & commercial and head, global finance transformation at Unilever's head office in London.
In 2008, they joined Bharti Airtel as the CFO. In 2011, they took over the role of global CFO overseeing the financials of Airtel's operations in more than 17 countries across the globe. In August 2015, they became the Global Chief Human Resources Officer of Airtel. For 3 years in a row, in 2015, 2016 and 2017, Airtel was adjudged the Best Employer in Telecom by Business Today. In the latest 2017 rankings, Airtel continued to rank among the top ten employers in India, across all sectors. In 2017, Airtel was also adjudged the Aon Best Employer in India where their successor was let go due to internal investigation
In September 2018, Srikanth relocated to London to take up a global responsibility with the Bharti Group.
Awards and Publications
In June 2014, Srikanth was recognized as the Best Telecom CFO by CNBC-TV18. Srikanth was listed as a Power Profile in India by LinkedIn in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, being amongst the most viewed professionals on LinkedIn.
Publications:
Airtel is turning employees into true brand ambassadors.
Board's eye view of Total Rewards
Why the future will be different for the Telecom sector.
One year in a new avatar of corporate life.
Before you take a seat at the table.
How to sustain leadership in a fiercely competitive market? We say… Lead Right.
Building future-ready leaders at Airtel.
Digital Careers @ Airtel.
Six Moments of Truth… notes from Vizag.
Find out what you like doing best, and get someone to pay you for it.
It is the most exciting time to be in telecoms… but how to find the best employer?
What we truly celebrate at Airtel.
The Batch of 2017 at Bharti Airtel.
Africa in 2017… lessons from the past, looking to the future.
Rewriting the human capital equation… with balance.
Winning is always collective.
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/what-customers-perceive-employees-experience-make-balachandran/
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/start-up-within-airtel-passion-people-behind-srikanth-balachandran/
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/what-why-how-machine-learning-airtel-srikanth-balachandran/
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/teams-technologies-tectonic-shift-digital-play-srikanth-balachandran/
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/celebrating-airtel-spirit-challenge-yourself-among-balachandran/
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/hyper-productive-hyper-connected-hyper-innovative-balachandran/
https://www.peoplematters.in/article/lets-talk-talent/heres-how-airtel-engages-its-employees-15835
https://www.oracle.com/webfolder/s/delivery_production/docs/FY16h1/doc20/661349-Oracle-whitepaper-AI-v01.pdf?elq_mid=90833&sh=0809181626130719252615262419261323092613292508261913&cmid=APMK170705P00017
https://www.peoplematters.in/article/diversity/it-is-time-to-empower-women-at-workplace-17809
https://www.peoplematters.in/article/building-hr-capability/how-to-build-a-rainbow-team-17965
https://www.hrkatha.com › movement
Web results
Gautam Anand resigns as CPO, Airtel, India and South Asia - HR Katha
References
University of Madras alumni
Living people
Businesspeople from Tamil Nadu
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lee Chang-hoon (born September 8, 1966) is a South Korean actor. Lee is a comedian turned actor. They were cast in the lead in Korean dramas Daring Women (2010) and While You Were Sleeping (2011) .
Filmography
Film
Television series
Variety show
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Lee Chang-hoon at CJ Entertainment
1966 births
Living people
20th-century South Korean male actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
Terminus Nunatak () is a conspicuous nunatak, 670 m, standing between Eureka and Riley Glaciers and 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) inland from George VI Sound, on the west coast of Palmer Land. This nunatak was first photographed from the air on November 23, 1935, by Lincoln Ellsworth, and was mapped from these photographs by W.L.G. Joerg. First surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill. Resurveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), and so named by them because the nunatak marks the end of the sledge route from the Wordie Ice Shelf, down Eureka Glacier, to George VI Sound.
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Kim Edgar McQuilken (born February 26, 1951) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons and Washington Redskins.
Born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, McQuilken played college football at nearby Lehigh University, where they were first-team Division II All-American during their senior year in 1973. They were drafted in the third round of the 1974 NFL Draft by Atlanta, and installed as the Falcons' third-string quarterback, behind Bob Lee and Pat Sullivan. They got in five games their rookie season and started the last two, including a 10–3 win over Green Bay.
Statistically, McQuilken was one of the poorest passers in NFL history that actually received significant playing time; for their seven-year career, they had a 17.9 passer rating, second-worst ever among players with at least 200 attempts. They won only two of their seven starts as a Falcon, reaching their arguable nadir in a 1975 loss to the Minnesota Vikings, when McQuilken made 26 attempts with only five completions – and five interceptions. For their career, McQuilken would throw 29 picks against just four touchdowns, also one of the worst ratios in NFL history. In 1978, they went to the Washington Redskins as Joe Theismann's backup, appearing in just three games in 1979.
Out of football for three years, McQuilken, still popular in the Washington area, joined the Washington Federals of the United States Football League in their 1983 inaugural season and emerged as their opening-day starter. Ultimately they would complete 188-for-334 passes for 1,912 yards, seven touchdowns, and 14 interceptions for the season. However, the Feds would finish just 4–14 in front of small crowds, and the 32-year-old McQuilken retired.
After football
McQuilken went on to become executive vice president of Cartoon Network, before leaving the network in 2006 to set up their own sports and entertainment marketing and licensing consulting business.
Notes
References
1951 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Atlanta Falcons players
Washington Redskins players
Washington Federals/Orlando Renegades players
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football players
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Cartoon Network executives
State Route 14 (SR 14) is a north–south state highway in the U.S. state of California that connects Los Angeles to the northern Mojave Desert. The southern portion of the highway is signed as the Antelope Valley Freeway. The route connects Interstate 5 (I-5, Golden State Freeway) on the border of the city of Santa Clarita to the north and the Los Angeles neighborhoods of Granada Hills and Sylmar to the south, with U.S. Route 395 (US 395) near Inyokern. Legislatively, the route extends south of I-5 to SR 1 in the Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles; however, the portion south of the junction with I-5 has not been constructed. The southern part of the constructed route is a busy commuter freeway serving and connecting the cities of Santa Clarita, Palmdale, and Lancaster to the rest of the Greater Los Angeles area. The northern portion, from Vincent (south of Palmdale) to US 395, is legislatively named the Aerospace Highway, as the highway serves Edwards Air Force Base, once one of the primary landing strips for NASA's Space Shuttle. This section is rural, following the line between the hot Mojave desert and the forming Sierra Nevada mountain range. Most of SR 14 is loosely paralleled by a main line of the Southern Pacific Railroad, used for the Antelope Valley Line of the Metrolink commuter rail system as well as a connection between Los Angeles and the Central Valley via Tehachapi Pass.
Linked with US 395, this road also connects Los Angeles with such places as Mammoth Mountain, Mono Lake, Yosemite National Park and Reno, Nevada. SR 14 was part of US 6 prior to truncation in 1964, when US 6 was a coast-to-coast route from Long Beach to Provincetown, Massachusetts. The non-freeway segment of SR 14 from Silver Queen Road north of Rosamond to Mojave is known as Sierra Highway, as is the old routing between I-5 and Silver Queen Road where SR 14 has been moved to a newer freeway alignment. Portions of SR 14 remain signed with names associated with US 6, including Midland Trail, Theodore Roosevelt Highway, and Grand Army of the Republic Highway.
Route description
SR 14 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System, and is part of the National Highway System, a network of highways that are considered essential to the country's economy, defense, and mobility by the Federal Highway Administration.
Antelope Valley Freeway
The southern portion of the freeway, from I-5 to the Avenue D exit near Lancaster, has been designated the Antelope Valley Freeway by the state legislature. The Antelope Valley Freeway begins in the Santa Susana Mountains at the Newhall Pass interchange by splitting from the Golden State Freeway (I-5). This is the busiest portion of the route with an annual average daily traffic (AADT) count of 169,000 vehicles per day. The freeway forms much of the eastern boundary of Santa Clarita along its route. Past Santa Clarita, the road continues northeast and crosses the Sierra Pelona Mountains and western San Gabriel Mountains via the canyon of the seasonal Santa Clara River. The ascent is mostly rugged and rural terrain, with only two small towns along the ascent, first Agua Dulce and later Acton. In Agua Dulce, the freeway forms the southern boundary of Vasquez Rocks Park, a county park. The highway crests the Sierra Pelona Mountains via Escondido Summit, at an elevation of , before descending and passing by Acton to the north. The highway then crests the San Gabriel Mountains via Soledad Pass, at an elevation of . The route of the highway through the mountains loosely parallels that of the main line of the Southern Pacific Railroad, which is also used for the Metrolink Antelope Valley Line.
After cresting both mountain passes, the highway descends into the Antelope Valley, a large valley within the Mojave Desert. The highway crosses Angeles Forest Highway and the California Aqueduct in the descent. SR 14 serves as the primary north–south thoroughfare for the communities of Palmdale and Lancaster. Between Palmdale Boulevard (County Route N2) and Avenue D in Lancaster, SR 14 runs concurrently with SR 138.
Aerospace Highway
From the Pearblossom Highway exit south of Palmdale to its northern terminus at US 395 near Inyokern, SR 14 has been designated the Aerospace Highway. Between Pearblossom Highway and Avenue S, there is a vista point overlooking Lake Palmdale, which features a historic plaque that honors aviation accomplishments including the Space Shuttle, breaking the sound barrier and the speed record. The freeway passes the Los Angeles–Kern county line at Avenue A, and continues to run north through Rosamond and Mojave. In Rosamond, the highway passes close to Edwards Air Force Base, which was often used as one of the main landing strips for NASA's Space Shuttle, and as the base for the X-15 and many other air and spacecraft.
The freeway portion terminates just south of Mojave, where SR 14 serves as the main street and runs through the downtown area. To the east of the route is Mojave Air & Spaceport, home to the National Test Pilot School and SpaceShipOne, the first privately funded human spaceflight, as well as a vast airplane graveyard; all are visible from SR 14.
SR 58 was formerly routed concurrently with SR 14 through Mojave, before it was rerouted onto a bypass running north and east of the town.
The character of the highway changes as it leaves California City with the last interchange located at California City Boulevard. Now a divided highway with at-grade intersections, departs the corridor of the main Southern Pacific Line, to follow the crest of the forming Sierra Nevada mountains. The route continues to follow a branch line of the Southern Pacific used as a connector for the Trona Railway. The main line of the railroad proceeds towards the Central Valley via Tehachapi Pass. Though SR 14 heads away from the pass, the highway has views of the mountains and the Tehachapi Pass Wind Farm. The scenery also changes, as the highway departs the Mojave Desert and crosses Red Rock Canyon State Park. Traffic counts drop dramatically as the highway becomes more rural, with an AADT of 3,200 vehicles at the northern terminus. SR 14 continues north toward US 395 in Inyokern, much of its routing as an expressway. Towards its northern terminus, SR 14 runs briefly concurrently with SR 178. At its northern terminus, SR 14 merges with US 395 as it turns into an expressway heading north to Bishop. As US 395 the route continues to follow the crest of the Sierra Nevada, serving Owens Valley, Mammoth Mountain, Yosemite National Park and Mono Lake.
History
Trails
The first road to use the general alignment of modern SR 14 was called the El Camino Sierra, or Sierra Highway, which extended from Los Angeles to Lake Tahoe. A dirt road was completed in the 1910s from what had been a pack trail. The Los Angeles Times declared El Camino Sierra complete in 1931, when the portion from Mojave to the Owens Valley, along modern US 395, was paved.
During the late 19th century, the corridor of modern SR 14 was also in use by the Southern Pacific Railroad for two lines. The first is a line to connect Los Angeles with the Central Valley, via Tehachapi Pass. While significantly longer than the more direct Ridge Route (east of modern I-5), Tehachapi Pass is lower than Tejon Pass along the Ridge Route, with a longer, less steep grade on the descent into the Central Valley. This rail line remains the primary rail line to connect southern and northern California in use today, now owned and operated by the Union Pacific Railroad. The second resulted when the Southern Pacific acquired the unfinished Carson and Colorado Railroad in 1900. The Southern Pacific built a standard gauge connector to the narrow gauge Carson and Colorado line from their main at Mojave. Although plans were to eventually convert this acquired line to standard gauge, most of the line was abandoned before the conversion was complete. However, the southern portion of this line is still active and used for connections to the Trona Railway.
The Midland Trail was one of the first organized coast-to-coast trails in the United States. In the trail's infancy, its routing changed numerous times. By 1925, the Midland Trail was established along what is modern State Route 168, joining El Camino Sierra in Big Pine. Other named trails that would eventually follow this route included the Theodore Roosevelt highway, and Grand Army of the Republic Highway. Parts of modern SR 14 continue to be signed with these names, and north of Los Angeles County is still officially designated "El Camino Sierra / Midland Trail" as well as the asupervisorstioned "Aerospace Highway".
U.S. Route 6
US 6 was extended from Greeley, Colorado, to Long Beach, California, on June 21, 1937. Most of this extension used the Midland Trail, although the route entered California from Nevada slightly north of the previous route of the Midland Trail, instead passing through Bishop. While being designated US 6, parts of modern SR 14 were upgraded to freeway standards.
As part of the 1964 state highway renumbering, US 6 was truncated at Bishop. The portion of US 6 from Inyokern to Los Angeles was designated SR 14. Previously, the SR 14 designation was used for Artesia Boulevard and Lincoln Avenue, in the Los Angeles area, a portion of modern SR 91.
Between 1963 and 1975, significant portions of US 6/SR 14 were moved to a freeway alignment. The former routing south of Mojave (and the current routing to the north) is still known as Sierra Highway. The first freeway section, from just east of Solemint Junction to Red Rover Mine Road, was completed in 1963. Further portions in the intercanyon areas of Acton to Soledad Pass were completed by 1965. By 1966, the freeway was complete as far north as Avenue P-8 (now Technology Drive) in Palmdale. The freeway was completed to Mojave by 1972.
Incidents
The Newhall Pass interchange, where I-5, Sierra Highway, Foothill Boulevard, San Fernando Road and the southern terminus of SR 14 meet, has been the site of a number of catastrophic incidents. The interchange has partially collapsed twice due to earthquakes: the 1971 Sylmar earthquake and the 1994 Northridge earthquake. As a result of the 1994 collapse, this interchange was renamed the "Clarence Wayne Dean Memorial Interchange", honoring a Los Angeles Police Department motorcycle officer killed when they were unable to stop in time and drove off the collapsed flyover ramp from SR 14 south to I-5 south. After both earthquakes, the collapsed portions were rebuilt and surviving portions reinforced.
In 2007, two tractor-trailer trucks collided in a tunnel along the truck lanes for southbound I-5 at the interchange. A resulting fire started, soon encompassing the entire tunnel along with 30 other trucks and one passenger vehicle that were in the tunnel at the time. The truck tunnel was closed for several days for structural damage inspections and repairs.
Cancelled plans
SR 14 is an unfinished route, as the definition in the California Streets and Highways Code states that the route begins at SR 1 (Pacific Coast Highway), near Sunset Boulevard in the Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles. Between the constructed end and legislative end of SR 14 are the community of Reseda and Topanga State Park. There is no paved road that directly connects these two points, with SR 27 or I-405 being the nearest through roads in this area.
The interchange with Sierra Highway at Via Princessa in Santa Clarita has an unusual design, with long flyover ramps for the connections. This is the result of a freeway revolt by the residents of Santa Clarita that canceled plans for a freeway extension of SR 126. While the Via Princessa alignment of SR 126 was canceled, the city of Santa Clarita constructed the Cross Valley Connector (CVC) to connect SR 126 directly to SR 14 via Newhall Ranch Road and Golden Valley Road. The final CVC section, the bridge over the Santa Clara River, was opened on March 27, 2010.
Future
Rapid exurban growth in Santa Clarita, Lancaster, and Palmdale has made the Antelope Valley Freeway one of the most congested in southern California, with average rush hour speeds well below . Future predictions call for continued growth along the SR 14 corridor, including predictions of a tripling of the population of Palmdale by 2030. In response, multiple government agencies have proposed adding more transportation arteries between Los Angeles and the Antelope Valley, as well as expanding the capacity of the existing SR 14 and rail corridors.
Several proposals have been made to bypass the Antelope Valley Freeway by boring a tunnel under the San Gabriel Mountains and extending the Glendale Freeway through it to the Antelope Valley. In 2003, Caltrans published a map showing potential improvements to the transportation infrastructure of southern California. The proposal showed both the unconstructed portion of SR 14 and new routes over or under the mountains to Antelope Valley. In 2005, the idea was advanced as a combination toll tunnel and surface highway. Preliminary studies estimated costs around $3 billion and suggested charging a varying toll, adjusted for the time of day, averaging around $8 for one-way passage.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
California @ AARoads.com: State Route 14
Caltrans: Route 14 highway conditions
California Highways: SR 14
Antelope Valley
Mojave Desert
014
014
State Route 014
State Route 014
Transportation in Palmdale, California
Transportation in Lancaster, California
Santa Clarita, California
014
The 1967 Valley State Matadors football team represented San Fernando Valley State College—now known as California State University, Northridge—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1967 NCAA College Division football season. Led by sixth-year head coach Sam Winningham, Valley State compiled an overall record of 6–4 with a mark of 3–2 in conference play, tying for second place in the CCAA. This was the first winning season for the Matadors in their sixth year of existence. At the end of the regular season, conference champion San Diego State qualified for a berth in one of the college division regional championship games (the Camellia Bowl), so second-place Valley State was chosen to represent the CCAA in the Pasadena Bowl.In their first bowl game appearance, the Matadors lost to . Valley State played home games at Birmingham High School in Van Nuys, California.
Schedule
Team players in the NFL
No Valley State players were selected in the 1968 NFL Draft.
The following finished their college career in 1967, were not drafted, but played in the NFL.
References
Valley State
Cal State Northridge Matadors football seasons
Valley State Matadors football
Beeson may refer to:
People
Beeson (surname)
Places
Beeson, Devon, England
Beeson, West Virginia
Institutions
Beeson Divinity School on the campus of Samford University in Alabama
Other uses
Beeson Covered Bridge, Indiana, USA
Beeson House and Coach House, a landmark in Chicago
Golden Job is a 2018 Hong Kong action film directed by Chin Ka-lok, who also stars in the film alongside Ekin Cheng, Jordan Chan, Michael Tse and Jerry Lamb, reuniting the cast from the Young and Dangerous film series. The film was released in Hong Kong on 20 September 2018. Filming locations for Golden Job included Taiwan, Japan, Hungary, Montenegro, Beijing and Inner Mongolia.
Plot
Lion (Ekin Cheng), Crater (Jordan Chan), Bill (Michael Tse), Calm (Chin Ka-lok) and Mouse (Jerry Lamb) are five orphans adopted and mentored by Cho Sir (Eric Tsang), whom they refer to as Papa. The five of them grew up as sworn brothers and become mercenaries belonging to The Agency. One time, they orchestra a mission to steal a truck load of medicine from a pharmaceutical company to help African children. However, the truck turns out to be full of gold belonging to The Agency, which was a scheme set up by Bill. As Bill turns against the group, this eventually leads Lion imprisoned in Hungary and Cho crippled. After their release, Lion joins their brothers to settle their score with Bill.
Cast
Ekin Cheng as Lion (獅王), the rational and calm leader of the group.
Jordan Chan as Crater (火山), the short-tempered, but skilled marksman of the group.
Michael Tse as Bill Leung, the traitor of the group, who is greedy, bitter, and refuses to acknowledge their mistakes. They scheme to Rice to steal gold.
Chin Ka-lok as Calm (淡定), the group's ace driver.
Jerry Lamb as Mouse (老鼠), the simple-minded tech expert of the group.
Eric Tsang as Cho Sir (曹Sir), the adopted father and mentor of the five brothers, whom they refer to a Papa (阿爸).
Zhang Yamei as Lulu (璐璐), Cho's daughter
Yasuaki Kurata as Morimoto-San (森本), Cho's friend who resides in Fukuoka.
Phil Chang as Joe, deputy commissioner of The Agency who assists the group in locating Bill and the missing gold.
Charmaine Sheh as Dr. Zoey Chow (周醫生), Lion's girlfriend who is a Médecins Sans Frontières doctor working in Africa.
Sergej Onopko as Rick Rice, the group's former superior who schemes with Bill in stealing gold.  They are later murdered by Bill after they insult them for betraying their brothers.
Billy Chow as Rice's main henchman who later works for Bill after the former was killed by Bill.
Alan Ng as Rice's Lead Henchman who constantly leads henchmen to eliminate the brothers.
Theme song
Song: Bro (一起衝一起闖)
Composer: Chan Kwong-wing
Lyricist: Chan Kwong-wing, Fiona Fung, Jeffrey Chu
Singer: Ekin Cheng, Jordan Chan, Michael Tse, Chin Ka-lok, Jerry Lamb
Reception
Critical reception
Elizabeth Kerr of The Hollywood Reporter and notes the film's nostalgic and entertaining value and praises the film's tech and action choreography. Edmund Lee of the South China Morning Post gave the film a score of 3/5 and calls it "a most contrived story that nevertheless entertains." Carey Darling of the Houston Chronicle gave the film a score of 2 stars out of 5 and criticizes its predictability and lack of substance. Andrew Saroch of Far East Films praises the film's set pieces and the casts' performances.
Box office
Golden Job grossed a total of US$47,279,677 worldwide, combining its box office gross from Hong Kong, China, United States and Australia.
In Hong Kong, the film grossed s total of HK$10,888,179 during its theatrical run from 20 September to 29 October 2018.
In China, the film grossed a total of ¥317,488,000.
Accolades
References
External links
黃金兄弟 Golden Job - 香港 on Facebook
2018 films
2018 action films
2010s heist films
Hong Kong action films
Hong Kong heist films
2010s Cantonese-language films
Films shot in Taiwan
Films shot in Japan
Films shot in Hungary
Films shot in Montenegro
Films shot in Beijing
Films shot in Inner Mongolia
2010s Hong Kong films
Louis "Red" Edmund Stephens (May 10, 1930 – April 6, 2003) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. They were a member of the famous 1951 San Francisco Dons who went undefeated (9-0) but were denied an invitation to the Orange Bowl because they refused to not include their two African-American star players: Ollie Matson and Burl Toler. The squad had ten future NFL players, five future NFL Pro-Bowlers, and three future NFL Hall of Famers – a record for a single college team.
Drafted in the 23rd round (267th pick) by the Chicago Cardinals in 1952, they started for the Washington Redskins from 1955 through 1960. They were given the game ball against the Green Bay Packers, Oct. 19th, 1958. Other honors included, 1955 – Associated Press: 2nd Team All-NFL at Right Guard, and 1956 – Sporting News: 1st Team All-NFL at Left Guard. In 1970, they were inducted into the University of San Francisco's Hall of Fame for football.
After professional football they were an assistant coach for the University of Notre Dame from 1960 to 1963. They were then a scout for the Philadelphia Eagles 1963–1966.
References
1930 births
2003 deaths
American football offensive guards
San Francisco Dons football players
Washington Redskins players
Players of American football from Denver
Frank Henry Corner (17 May 1920 – 27 August 2014) was a New Zealand diplomat. Corner served as New Zealand's Ambassador to the United Nations and the United States, before becoming New Zealand's third Permanent Secretary of Foreign Affairs (1973–1980).
Early life
Born in Napier, New Zealand, Corner was educated at Napier Boys' High School and Victoria University of Wellington, where they graduated in 1942 with a Master of Arts (First Class) in history, under the guidance of Professor J.C. Beaglehole.
Corner joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1943, being recruited as one of its earliest foreign policy officers by then Secretary Alister McIntosh, who was in the process of building a professional foreign service. In their first years of service, they were seconded to the staff of H. V. Evatt, Australia's outspoken Foreign Minister. They were closely involved in drafting Evatt's speeches which defined an era known as "small power rampant". On their return they worked closely with Prime Minister Peter Fraser as they developed a more distinctly New Zealand position within the framework of the Commonwealth. They were New Zealand's political officer (policy adviser) at the Paris Peace Talks.
Corner was posted first to Washington in 1948, as First Secretary, where they were involved in the negotiation and signature of the ANZUS Treaty and the Japanese Peace Settlement. In 1952 they were appointed Deputy High Commissioner in London, and was in London during the Suez crisis when New Zealand found itself torn in its loyalties between its new friend and protector (the US) and its "mother country", Britain. In 1958, Corner returned to New Zealand as Deputy Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
Diplomatic career
In 1961, Corner became New Zealand's Ambassador to the United Nations, where they chaired the Trusteeship Council for two years, and served on the United Nations Security Council. Corner was the leading proponent of decolonisation of Pacific territories under New Zealand control. Corner provided the leading intellectual arguments in favour of decolonisation of Tokelau, the Cook Islands, Niue, and Western Samoa.
In 1967, Corner moved to Washington, as New Zealand's Ambassador to the United States, succeeding George Laking, who had become Secretary of Foreign Affairs; they held this post until 1972 when they returned to Wellington to succeed Laking again as Secretary of Foreign Affairs and the Prime Ministers Department (the two roles were separated on their retirement in 1980). The principal themes during their time in Washington was the US' involvement in Vietnam, and New Zealand's expanding trade relations with the US leading up to Britain's entry into the European Economic Community. During their time as Ambassador, Corner oversaw a state visit to New Zealand by President Lyndon Johnson in 1967, and a state visit by Prime Minister Keith Holyoake to Washington. Corner later described this as "the high point of United States-New Zealand relations".
Corner was considered to be very close to Prime Minister Norman Kirk in arguing and advocating for an independent New Zealand foreign policy. Throughout this period, Corner promoted closer political relations with China, an expansion of New Zealand interests in North and Southeast Asia, and a greater role for New Zealand in the South Pacific. The Third Labour Government elected at the end of 1972 was expected to recognise the PRC. Then, surprisingly the new Prime Minister, Norman Kirk, hesitated: After barely two weeks in office they suggested that it might be better to delay recognition until their second term. However they were talked out of this by the Foreign Ministry (now under Frank Corner) and the recognition formalities were completed just before Christmas.
Later life and death
Corner retired from the post of Secretary of Foreign Affairs 1980. In retirement, they were active in arts administration, and spent six years on the Council of Victoria University. In 1985 they chaired the Defence Committee of Enquiry to examine public attitudes towards defence in the wake of the Fourth Labour Government's ban on visits by nuclear capable warships. They were an avid collector of modern art (especially New Zealand art) and was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Corner died in the Wellington suburb of Karori in 2014.
Honours and awards
In 1953, Corner was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal, and in 1977 they received the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal. In the 1980 Queen's Birthday Honours, they were appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George. Corner was conferred an honorary Doctorate of Laws by Victoria University of Wellington in 2005.
ReferencesAn eye, an ear and a voice: 50 years in New Zealand's external relations edited by Malcolm Templeton (1993, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Wellington NZ) Undiplomatic Dialogue: Letters between Carl Berendsen and Alister McIntosh 1943–1952 edited by Ian McGibbon (1993, Auckland University Press, Auckland NZ) Unofficial Channels: Letters between Alister McIntosh and Foss Shanahan, George Laking and Frank Corner 1946–1966'' edited by Ian McGibbon (1999, Victoria University Press, Wellington NZ)
External links
Article about the Corners' house in Thorndon, which includes a photograph of Frank Corner and their wife Lynette
1920 births
2014 deaths
New Zealand public servants
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations
Ambassadors of New Zealand to the United States
People educated at Napier Boys' High School
New Zealand Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
New Zealand expatriates in Australia
New Zealand expatriates in the United Kingdom
Feodor Chaliapin Jr. (; 6 October 1905 – 17 September 1992) was a Russian Empire-born actor who appeared in many American and Italian films.
Life
Chaliapin was the son and namesake of the great operatic bass Feodor Chaliapin. They were born in Moscow, Russian Empire, and had a distinguished career in acting throughout Europe, mainly in Italy. Their mother was Iola Tornaghi, a ballerina who abandoned a promising ballet career to care for Feodor and their five siblings. When the Russian Revolution occurred in October 1917, the Chaliapins attempted to continue living in Russia, but this became impossible, especially after the Bolsheviks reputedly confiscated their wealthy father's money and property. Along with many other Russian émigrés, part of the family immigrated to Paris in 1924, via Finland. The senior Chaliapin used this as their world base, like other emigres and members of their families who often ended up living in the United States such as Igor Stravinsky, Sergei Rachmaninoff and, for a while, Sergei Prokofiev.
Chaliapin grew up in a family who spoke three languages. They received an excellent education in Moscow and lived there until 1924, when they immigrated to Paris to be with their father, leaving behind their mother and the rest of the family. Chaliapin knew some of the greatest composers and conductors of the 20th century, particularly Rachmaninoff, a personal family friend and teacher of their father. Tired of living in their father's shadow in Paris, Chaliapin struck out on their own, moving to Hollywood to begin their film career — first in silent movies, in which their then-heavy accent would not be heard in the small bit parts they played. In their later years, Chaliapin achieved international stardom in more major roles.
Chaliapin is perhaps most remembered by modern audiences for the film The Name of the Rose (1986), in which they played the venerable Jorge de Burgos. They had a major role in Inferno (1980). One of their most memorable roles was as the perplexed grandfather in Moonstruck (1987), starring Cher. The producers, in deciding whether to hire them for the role, sought the advice of Sean Connery, who is reputed to have said, "He's great, but they will steal the show." Chaliapin also played the role of Leonides Cox, Robert De Niro's father in Stanley & Iris (1990). Their last notable film role was as Professor Bartnev in The Inner Circle (1991), a true story about Soviet Russia under the dictatorship of Joseph Stalin.
In one of their briefest roles, Chaliapin dies in the arms of Gary Cooper in the opening scenes of For Whom the Bell Tolls (1943), based on Ernest Hemingway's 1940 novel.
Of Chaliapin's early film roles, one of the most memorable was in Victor Tourjansky's Prisoner of the Volga (1959). Much of their filmography lies in Italian films, including an appearance as Julius Caesar in Federico Fellini's film Roma.
Chaliapin was reunited with their mother, who then was 87 years old, in Rome in 1960. Their mother's emigration was helped by the reforms (the so-called "thaw") of then Soviet first secretary Nikita Khrushchev. The price of this was having to leave behind a museum-quality home and a magnificent art collection in Moscow as collected by Feodor Chaliapin, Sr. The only objects of art permitted to leave Russia were photograph albums of Chaliapin's childhood and youth in Moscow.
Mikhail Gorbachev, the last General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, instituted political and economic reforms known as perestroika. Under these reforms, Chaliapin was able to remove their father's remains from Paris to Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow. The grave is marked by a white marble statue of Chaliapin, Sr.
In 1992, Chaliapin died of natural causes after an illness in Rome, where they had lived since World War II. They were survived by their twin sister, Tatiana Chaliapin Chernoff, and several nieces and nephews.
 They are buried at the Cimitero Flaminio, Provincia di Roma, in Lazio, Italy.
Selected filmography
Into Them Kingdom (1926) – Russian Officer and Court Leader
Volga Volga (1928)
The Ship of Lost Souls (1929) – Nick
Lancer Spy (1937) – Monk (uncredited)
Exile Express (1939) – Kaishevshy
Balalaika (1939) – Soldier (uncredited)
My Life with Caroline (1941) – Sky Man (uncredited)
Law of the Jungle (1942) – Belts
Mission to Moscow (1943) – Shop Foreman (uncredited)
For Whom the Bell Tolls (1943) – Kashkin
The Seventh Victim (1943) – Leo (uncredited)
Three Russian Girls (1943) – Terkin
Song of Russia (1944) – Maxim – Anna's Husband (uncredited)
Lost in a Harem (1944) – Violinist (uncredited)
A Royal Scandal (1945) Lackey (uncredited)
Ziegfeld Follies (1945) Lieutenant ('This Heart of Mine') (uncredited)
Arch of Triumph (1948) – Scheherazade's Chef (uncredited)
Herod the Great (1959)
Prisoner of the Volga (1959) – Boris Fomitsch
The Cossacks (1960) – Hassan
The Night They Killed Rasputin (1960)
Francis of Assisi (1961) – Cardinal Savelli (uncredited)
Sodom and Gomorrah (1962) – Alabias
Imperial Venus (1962) Maestro di ballo
The Executioner of Venice (1963) – Doge Giovanni Bembo
The Lion of St. Mark (1963) – The Doge
Buffalo Bill, Hero of the Far West (1965) – Chief White Fox
Un gangster venuto da Brooklyn (1966)
Ballata da un miliardo (1967)
The Subversives (1967)
Il trapianto (1970) – Don Calogero
Roma (1972) – Actor Playing Julius Cesar (uncredited)
The Eroticist (1972) – Senator Torsello
La colonna infame (1972) – Il cardinale arcivescovo di Milano Federico
My Brother Anastasia (1973) – Frank Costello
La linea del fiume (1976) – Nonno di Giacomino
Smooth Velvet, Raw Silk (1976) – Hal
Inferno (1980) – Professor Arnold / Dr. Varelli
Salome (1986) – Messenger
The Name of the Rose (1986) – Jorge de Burgos
Moonstruck (1987) – Grandpa Castorini
Catacombs (1988) – Brother Terrel
The Mask (1988) – Leonardo's father
The Gamble (1988) – Federico
The Church (1989) – The Bishop
Paganini (1989) – Judge
Modì (1989) – Pierre-Auguste Renoir
Stanley & Iris (1990) – Leonides Cox
The King's Whore (1990) – Scaglia
Rossini! Rossini! (1991) – Barone Rothschild
The Inner Circle (1991) – Prof. Bartnev
Max et Jérémie (1992) – Sam Marberg (final film role)
External links
Obituary from The New York Times
1905 births
1992 deaths
Russian male actors
Russian male silent film actors
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
American people of Russian descent
White Russian emigrants to the United States
20th-century American male actors
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Italy
White Russian emigrants to Italy
Campeonato Nacional de Rugby is the main rugby union competition in Portugal. This championship is organized by the Portuguese Rugby Federation. The competition is organized into three Divisions:
CN Honra/Super Bock (8 teams)
Campeonato Nacional de Rugby I Divisão (8 teams)
Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão (4 groups of 5/6 teams each)
External links
Portuguese Rugby Federation Official Website
Michael F. Hochella, Jr. is an American geoscientist and currently a University Distinguished Professor (Emeritus) at Virginia Tech and a Laboratory Fellow at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.  They are a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Royal Society of Chemistry, Geochemical Society, European Association of Geochemistry, Mineralogical Society of America, International Association of GeoChemistry, Geological Society of America and American Geophysical Union. Their interests are nanogeoscience, minerals, biogeochemistry and geochemistry. Currently among greater than 20,000 citations, their highest cited first-author paper is Nanominerals, mineral nanoparticles, and earth systems at over 800 citations, and published in the journal Science in 2008, and their highest cited co-authored paper is Nanotechnology in the real world: Redeveloping the nanomaterial consumer products inventory at over 1,600 citations, and published in the Beilstein Journal of Nanotechnology in 2015, according to Google Scholar.  They are a former President of both the Geochemical Society and the Mineralogical Society of America.  They are also the Founder and former Director of NanoEarth (https://www.nanoearth.ictas.vt.edu/), a node of the National Nanotechnology Coordinated Infrastructure (NNCI), an NSF-funded network of 16 centers spread throughout the United States serving as user facilities for cutting edge nanotechnology research. NanoEarth is part of Virginia Tech's Institute for Critical Technology and Applied Science (ICTAS), and headquartered in Blacksburg, Virginia. Hochella has won many honors, medals, and awards for both research and teaching, including the Dana Medal of the Mineralogical Society of America, the Clair C. Patterson Medal of the Geochemical Society, the Geochemistry Division Medal of the American Chemical Society, and the Virginia Outstanding Faculty Award, the highest honor for faculty in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Education
They earned their B.S. in 1975 and M.S. in 1977 at Virginia Tech and their Ph.D at Stanford University in 1981. They began teaching at Stanford before returning to Virginia Tech.
Publications
References
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Virginia Tech faculty
Virginia Tech alumni
Stanford University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American geochemists
Captivity, or being held captive, is a state wherein humans or other animals are confined to a particular space and prevented from leaving or moving freely. An example in humans is imprisonment. Prisoners of war are usually held in captivity by a government hostile to their own. Animals are held in captivity in zoos, and often as pets and as livestock.
Definition and scope
Captivity is the state of being captive, of being imprisoned or confined. The word derives from the late Middle English captivitas, and the Latin captivus and capere, meaning to seize or take, which is also the root of the English word, "capture".
In humans, captivity may include arrest and detention as a function of law enforcement and a civilian correctional system, detention of combatants in a time of war, as well as human trafficking, slave taking, and other forms of involuntary confinement, forced relocation, and servitude. In non-human animals, captivity may include confinement for the purpose of food production or labor, such as that done on a farm, confinement for the purpose of human recreation or education, such as that done at a zoo or aquarium, or confinement for the purpose of keeping domesticated pets, such as that commonly done with animals such as the house cat or the dog. In relation to non-living objects, captivity may describe the state of having control, whether that be control of one person over an object, such as "capturing a piece" in the game of chess, the control of a group over an area, such as the "capture" of a fort or city during a time of war, or control exercised by one object over another, such as one celestial body being "captured" by the gravitational pull of another, or a "captive balloon" which is tethered to the ground by a rope or string.
In a philosophical sense, captivity may refer not simply to confinement or lack of individual freedom, but also to the nature of a relationship between the captive and the captor, characterized by a lack of self-direction and autonomy. "Although the paradigm case of captivity is a free person who is held against their will by another, the existence of captive children and animals makes it clear that the denial of autonomy as it is usually understood is not a condition for captivity". In some instances, the captivity of the subject is clear, as with an animal kept in a cage at a zoo. However, circumstances exist under which captivity is more amorphous. For example, it has been noted that it is hard to say whether members of a rhinoceros family kept in a thousand-acre enclosure within their normal area of habitation, for purposes of insuring their preservation, are really in captivity.
Captivity may also be employed in more abstract or figurative senses, such as to captivate, meaning to subdue through charm, or to capture such as an artist attempting to "capture a mood", or "capture a scene".
In humans
Arrest and incarceration
Humans are held captive under the authority of their own government for a number of different reasons. Under certain circumstances, a person suspected of committing a crime is subject to detention for a period of time while awaiting trial for that crime. In some cases, a person may be detained and then released without being charged with criminal wrongdoing. Persons convicted of a crime may send to a prison.
According to the Institute for Criminal Policy Research at the University of London, as of 2016 an estimated 10.35 million people were imprisoned worldwide.
In warfare
Throughout human history, the practice of "captive taking" during war was commonly practiced. Those taken from the defeated group, most often women and children, would typically be enslaved, sold into slavery to others, forced to marry members of the victorious group, or held in permanent sexual captivity. The first Roman gladiators, for example, were prisoners of war. The taking of captives may have been a byproduct, but was also often a primary goal of conducting raids and warfare in small scale societies. According to some estimates of ancient societies, war captives and slaves may have at various points comprised as much as 20% of Roman Italy, 33% of Greece, 70% of Korea, 20% of some Islamic states, 40% of tropical American societies, and as much as half of some African societies. The practice of conducting raids for captive taking extended in some forms until modern times, for example, piracy in the Mediterranean Sea and the taking of captives to be sold as slaves continued until the 19th century, when it eventually culminated in the Barbary Wars.
Over time, nations found it to be in their interests to agree to international standards regarding the treatment of captured soldiers. The 1648 Peace of Westphalia, which ended the Thirty Years' War, established that prisoners of war should be released without ransom at the end of hostilities and that they should be allowed to return to their homelands. Chapter II of the Annex to the 1907 Hague Convention IV – The Laws and Customs of War on Land covered the treatment of prisoners of war in detail. These provisions were further expanded in the 1929 Geneva Convention on the Prisoners of War and were largely revised in the Third Geneva Convention in 1949. Article 4 of the Third Geneva Convention protects captured military personnel, some guerrilla fighters, and certain civilians. It applies from the moment a prisoner is captured until they or they are released or repatriated. One of the main provisions of the convention makes it illegal to torture prisoners and states that a prisoner can only be required to give their name, date of birth, rank and service number (if applicable).
In some wars, such as the First World War, the conditions of captivity were separated between camps for prisoners of war, and those for civilian internment. Some wars have seen mass wartime imprisonment. In addition to enemy military personnel, the Nazi regime imprisoned large numbers of private citizens based on their ethnicity, culture, or political views, as part of the regime's efforts to impose a vision of ethnic purity. Many millions were killed, or died of starvation or disease. In the United States, citizens of Japanese descent were imprisoned out of fear that their loyalty would be to the Japanese enemy.
Economic captivity
Humans have historically been subjected to a range of economic based captivity. In the extreme are various forms of slavery, such as the chattel slavery of the Americas, which utilized a monopoly of violence along with the power of the government to commandeer the labor of African Americans, Native Americans, and the indigenous people of Latin America and the Caribbean. Beyond but in many ways similar to slavery, many in colonial times regardless of ethnicity found captivity in the form of indentured servitude, impressed into forced labor until their debts could be paid. Alternatively, although the practice of slavery had since been abolished, many natives found themselves otherwise held captive, such as the internment of the Navajo in the American southwest in the 1860s, in part to force a transition to the life of sedentary Christian farmers.
In modern times, in what has been termed the prison–industrial complex, inmates, otherwise already subjected to captivity in terms of restriction of movement, may also be subjected to economic exploitation, through forced labor at little or no compensation. Alternatively, as Karen M. Morin examines, undocumented immigrants, neither prisoners nor slaves, have in instances been historically subjected to similar conditions, both in terms of freedom of movement and freedom of labor.
Others have examined economic captivity as it related to varying levels of inequality in developed societies. For example, George P. Smith II and Matthew Saunig examined the concept of economic captivity as it related to housing discrimination.
Human trafficking
Globally, it has been estimated that between 21 and 35.8 million people are victims of trafficking for sexual or labor exploitation, around two thirds of them women and girls. The issue has been addressed variously at the national level, and internationally with the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children. However, many countries have no standing laws against trafficking, and of those that do, an estimated 16% of those studies had no convictions under their laws.
False imprisonment
False imprisonment is the legal term for an instance of a person being held captive without the authority of the state. It includes kidnapping and hostage taking, practices which date at least to Biblical times, with an Old Testament formal prohibition given in Exodus 21:16. These practices continue to the modern day, and are a common tactic used by terrorist or criminal organizations as a means of gaining power or for monetary extortion. The majority of kidnappings occur among the local populations in developing countries, with the majority occurring in Latin America. According to estimates in 2001 and 2005, global prevalence of kidnapping may be as many as 10,000 instances annually, and revenue gained from kidnapping world wide may be as much as $500 million.
The definition of false imprisonment also goes beyond kidnapping and hostage taking situations, to include circumstances under which a person is held captive under a fraudulent assertion of authority. For example, if a police officer were to detain a person in their patrol car for a short period of time without a legally justifiable reason, that brief captivity would still constitute false imprisonment.
Effects of captivity
For individuals who are kidnapped or taken hostage, victims may experience effects similar to many other traumatic experiences, such as acute stress disorder and Posttraumatic stress disorder. One such condition unique to captivity is Stockholm syndrome, wherein the captive comes to feel dependence on, and even affection for, their captor. These alliances, resulting from a bond formed between captor and captives during intimate time spent together, are generally considered irrational in light of the danger or risk endured by the victims. The FBI's Hostage Barricade Database System and Law Enforcement Bulletin shows that roughly 8% of victims show evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
In animals
Swiss biologist Heini Hediger noted that "[m]an's first efforts to keep wild animals in captivity date back to prehistoric times". Hediger proposed that the human practice of keeping animals in activity went through three stages, with the first stage having religious motivations, the second being for utility and entertainment, and the third being for scientific study.
Pets
In examining domesticated pets, researcher Alexandra Horowitz describes the plight of dogs as being constitutionally captive. That is, in comparison with the captivity of wild species, the human captivity of the dog over the course of tens of thousands of years has designed a species where there is no longer any natural state other than captivity. While there may be free-ranging dogs or feral dogs, there is no longer any truly wild dog belonging to the species Canis familiaris. For the domesticated dog, many breeds are captives of their own bodies, often designed through selective breeding to achieve human objectives not related to well-being or health, and which may result in disfiguring, painful, or fatal diseases. Individual dogs are also captive to humans in terms of restrictions to their physical freedom of movement, their freedom of sexuality and reproduction, as well as limited self-direction in terms of diet, socialization, and elimination. However, Horowitz writes, dogs are species-captive, and "a dog who is not species-captive would not be a dog at all". They are a species so deeply domesticated that freedom has no meaning, and for whom their status as a captive species mitigates their captivity.
Effects of captivity on animals
Captivity "benefits the captor, and in almost all cases, harms the captive". The degree to which captivity affects animals is dictated in large part by whether they were born in wild and then captured, or born in captivity: "The problem of the animal bred in captivity is in one respect obviously simpler than that of one born wild; the abrupt, decisive change from freedom to captivity is absent. No rupture with an existing environment, entailing laborious re-creation of a fresh One, arises".
Captivity in popular culture
Captivity, and efforts to endure or escape it, are a popular theme in literature. The captivity narrative is a genre of stories about people being captured by "uncivilized" enemies. A famous example is the Babylonian captivity of Judah, as described in the Bible. Attempts to escape from prison are a popular genre in prison films and prisoner-of-war films, with films in the genre often depicting the captive as a heroic figure, often an innocent person wrongly convicted and seeking to escape the evil or abuses of the captors. For example, the films are said to perpetuate "a common misperception that most correctional officers are abusive", and that prisoners are "violent and beyond redemption".
See also
Captive company – a subsidiary
Coercion
Hostage – a person or entity which is held by one of two belligerent parties
Hostile takeover
State capture - a type of systemic political corruption in which private interests significantly influence a state's decision-making processes to their own advantage.
Slavery
Humans trafficking
Notes
References
External links
Imprisonment and detention
Behavior modification
Angelo Panelli (c. 1887 – c. 1967) was an Italian stamp forger, operating from Sanremo in the 1920s and 1930s.
Panelli was closely associated with other Italian forgers of the period, particularly Erasmo Oneglia.
See also
List of stamp forgers
Philatelic fakes and forgeries
References
Further reading
The Oneglia Engraved Forgeries Commonly Attributed to Angelo Panelli, Robson Lowe & Carl Walske, James Bendon, Limassol, Cyprus, 1996. .
1880s births
1960s deaths
Year of death uncertain
Year of birth uncertain
Stamp forgers
Italian male criminals
Crack Hill is the name given to an illegal drug trade camp located near Porte de la Chapelle in the north of Paris, related to the city's crack crisis. It is a wasteland which has become a place for the dealers and consumers of this highly addictive drug to gather. Hundreds of drug addicts are squatting there day and night in an open drug marketplace.
Its name comes from a median strip on the Porte de la Chapelle motorway interchange, where the first drug addicts settled.
The hill has been evacuated more than a dozen times. In April 2019, according to BFM Paris, Paris City Hall planned to open a reception and rest center for drug addicts.
References
External links
Illegal drug trade in Europe
Parks and open spaces in Paris
The 2011 Challenger Ciudad de Guayaquil was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Guayaquil, Ecuador between 21 and 27 November 2011.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of November 14, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Júlio César Campozano
Diego Hidalgo
Nicolás Massú
Roberto Quiroz
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Guillermo Duran
Guido Pella
Pedro Sousa
Leonardo Tavares
The following players received entry as a lucky loser into the singles main draw:
Guido Andreozzi
Iván Endara
Juan Sebastián Gómez
Champions
Singles
Matteo Viola def. Guido Pella, 6–4, 6–1
Doubles
Júlio César Campozano / Roberto Quiroz def. Marcel Felder / Rodrigo Grilli, 6–4, 6–1
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
Challenger Ciudad de Guayaquil
Clay court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Ecuador
Challenger Ciudad de Guayaquil
Khvoshnam (, also Romanized as Khvoshnām; also known as Shahnām) is a village in Fardis Rural District, in the Central District of Fardis County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,211, in 783 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Worldwide there has been a large shift towards less physically demanding work and a more sedentary lifestyle. This has been accompanied by increasing use of mechanized transportation, automobile dependency, a greater prevalence of labor saving technology in the home, and less active recreational pursuits. At least 31% of the world's population does not get sufficient physical exercise. This is true in almost all developed and developing countries, and among children. Some experts refer to sitting as "the new smoking" because of its negative effects on overall health.
These exercise trends are contributing to the rising rates of chronic long-lasting diseases such as: obesity, heart disease, stroke, preventable causes of death, cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure and high cholesterol. Active transport (walking, bicycling, etc.) has been found to be inversely related to obesity in Europe, North America, and Australia. Thus exercise has been associated with a decrease in mortality.
Causes of lack of exercise
One of the causes most prevalent in the developing world is urbanization. As more of the population moves to cities, population over-crowding, increased poverty, increased levels of crime, high-volumes of car traffic, low air quality and lack of parks, sidewalks and recreational sports facilities leads to a less active lifestyle.
Physical inactivity is increasing or high among many groups in the population including: young people, women, and the elderly.
A 2005 population study in south Brazil showed physical inactivity during leisure time to be more prevalent among females and those living with a partner; with a positive correlation associated with age and number of cigarettes smoked, and a negative correlation (decreased levels of physical inactivity) associated with years of formal education, body mass index, and increasing socioeconomic status.
Studies in children and adults have found an association between the number of hours of television watched and the prevalence of obesity. A 2008 meta analysis found that 63 of 73 studies (86%) showed an increased rate of childhood obesity with increased media exposure, and rates increasing proportionally to time spent watching television.
Another cause in the case of children is that physical activity in activities from self-propelled student transport, physical education, and organized sports is declining in many countries.
Symptoms
Noncommunicable diseases, partly due to a lack of exercise, are currently the greatest public health problem in most countries around the world. Each year at least 1.9 million people die as a result of physical inactivity, which makes inactivity one of the leading preventable causes of death worldwide.
Countries
Australia
Australian children between 1961 and 2002 have had a marked decline in their aerobic fitness.
Canada
Obese people are less active than their normal weight counterparts. In Canada, 27.0% of sedentary men are obese as opposed to 19.6% of active men. Lean people are more fidgety than their obese counterparts; this relationship is maintained even if normal weight people eat more or the obese person loses weight.
National data indicates that only 10% of Canadian youth are meeting the guideline for screen time of less than 2 hours per day. As well, although 2/3 of families live close enough for their children to bike or walk to school, only 1/3 report actually walking to school and 80% report never having cycled to school.
Asia and China
A study from China found urbanization reduced daily energy expenditure by about 300–400 kcal and going to work by car or bus reduced it by a further 200 kcal.
A rapid decline in physical activity has occurred between the 1980s and the 2000s. The decline in physical activity is attributed to increasing technology in the workplace and changing leisure activities. In 1989 65% of Chinese had jobs that required heavy labor. This decreased to 51% in the year 2000.
Among Asian children between 1917 and 2003 little change has been seen in power and speed however endurance has decreased substantially in the last 10–15 years.
Finland
In Finland leisure-time physical activity has increased, while occupational and commuting physical activity has decreased from 1972 to 2002. Leisure-time physical activity increased from 66% (1972) to 77% (2002) in men and from 49% (1972)to 76% (2002) in women. Physically demanding work decreased from 60% (1972) to 38% (2002) in men and from 47% (1972) to 25% (2002) in women. Daily commuting activity decreased from 30% (1972) to 10% (2002) in men and from 34% (1972) to 22% (2002) in women.
Netherlands
As of 2007, walking and cycling as a means of transport in the Netherlands has been stable since 1994. The average Dutch citizen in the year 2007 walked and cycled per year.
Personal training is gaining more and more popularity in the Netherlands in the last 15 years. A personal trainer is a trainer certified to have a varying degree of knowledge of general fitness involved in exercise prescription and instruction. They motivate clients by setting goals and providing feedback to clients.
Obstacle training centrums are very popular. An obstacle course is a series of challenging physical obstacles an individual or a team need to complete while being timed. Obstacle courses can include running, climbing, jumping, crawling, swimming, and balancing elements with the aim of testing speed and endurance. Sometimes a course involves mental tests.
South America
Over 60% of the population of Brazil, Chile, and Peru do not meet the recommended levels of physical activity needed to maintain health. A study of a southern Brazilian population found that >80% of the population was physically inactive.
Sweden
A study of Swedish males found a significant decrease in total physical exercise even though recreational exercise has increased. This was due to a decrease in work place exercise and physical exercise in transportation.
United States
Americans have become less physically active overall between 1955 and 2005. While the rate of leisure-time physical activity has not changed significantly there has been a decrease in work-related activity, human powered transportation, activity in the home, and increasing sedentary lifestyle. During 2000 and 2005, the number of adults who were never physically active increased from 9.4% to 10.3% while the number who were engaged in the highest level of physical activity decreased from 18.7% to 16.7%. Pertaining to leisure-time physical activity, people involved in no activity increased from 38.5% to 40.0% while those who spent most of their day sitting increased from 36.8% to 39.9%.
In 2000, the CDC estimated that more than 40% of the US population was sedentary, another 30% was active but not sufficiently and less than 30% had an adequate level of physical activity. There has been a trend toward decreased physical activity in part due to increasingly mechanized forms of work, changing modes of transportation, and increasing urbanization. Obesity rates have increased in relation to expanding suburbs. This has been attributed to increased time spent commuting, leading to less exercise and less meal preparation at home. In the time between 1983 and 1990 the number of trips taken by foot decreased from 9% down to 7%. Driving one's children to school has become increasingly popular. In the USA the proportion of children who walk or bike to school declined between 1969 (42%) and 2001 (16%) resulting in less exercise.
UK
In England, both walking and cycling have declined since 1975 being replaced by motorized transport. The average British citizen in the year 2005 walked per year, a fall of since 1975.
See also
Sedentary lifestyle
Fitness culture
Professional fitness coach
Physical fitness
Nutritionist
References
Further reading
Physical exercise
Obesity
Haryana Shahari Vikas Pradhikaran (HSVP), formerly Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), is the urban planning agency of the state of Haryana in India except Gurugram and Faridabad which has Gurugram Metropolitan Development Authority and Faridabad Metropolitan Development Authority respectively. It was established in 1977. The Minister of Town and Country Planning Department, Haryana is the chairperson of the authority. The headquarters of the authority is located in Panchkula, Haryana.
HSIIDC is a related government owned agency responsible for the industrial and infrastructure development in the Haryana state. Haryana Financial Corporation provides financial assistance for setting up new industrial units and for the expansion and diversification of the existing industries. Various universities, educational and training institutes, including the nation's first skills university Haryana Vishwakarma Skill University, provide the human resources to capitalise on the finances offered by the HFC and the infrastructure created by the HSIIDC. Among the related initiatives to boost growth, Haryana was the first state to introduce Labour Policy in 2005, and Land Pooling Policy in 2017.
History
HUDA was established in 1977 as a statutory body of the government in 1977 under the Haryana Urban Development Authority Act, 1977 for planned development of cities in Haryana. On 1 June 2017, the cabinet of Government of Haryana headed by the Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar decided to rename it to the Haryana Shahari Vikas Pradhikaran (HSVP) because HUDA sounded similar to the surname of former chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. Due to lack of co-ordination between Urban Estates Department and other departments of the Government of Haryana, the growth of estates started slowing down. Besides, as the Department had to follow the financial rules and regulations of Government, the arrangement of funds and sanction of estimates used to take a long time and the development works did not keep pace with the required standards of physical achievements. It was also felt that being a Government department, it was unable to raise resources from various lending institutions although there were many financial institutions in the country to finance urban development programmes. The Urban Estates Department was not effective in achieving its defined goals of planned urban development to the satisfaction of the public at large. Thus, in order to overcome all these difficulties and to achieve the expeditious development of urban estates, it was felt that the Department of Urban Estates should be converted into such a body which could take up all the development activities itself and provide various facilities in the Urban Estates expeditiously and consequently the Haryana Urban Development Authority came into existence on 13-01-1977 under the Haryana Urban Development Authority Act, 1977 to take over work, responsibilities hitherto being handled by individual Government departments.
HSVP
Divisions
The authority has divided the districts of Haryana into four divisions or zones except Gurugram.
Departments
The authority is divided into the twelve departments.
Engineering
Finance
Town planning
Architecture
Legal
Monitoring
Enforcement
Vigilance
Establishment and Authority
Policy
Land acquisition
Information technology
Facilities
The authority is responsible for development and maintenance of the following:
Residential areas
Commercial areas
Industrial areas
Institutional areas
Community buildings developed by HUDA in these areas include:
Schools
Colleges
Hospitals
Police stations
Community centres
Gymkhana clubs
Old age homes
Fire stations
Cremation grounds
Public parks
Land Pooling Policy
Haryana Land Pooling Policy (HLPP), approved in January 2018, is used by the HSVP for acquiring land from the landlords for developing residential sectors. Landlords join the scheme voluntarily and at least 70% landowners must agree to pool their contiguous land, who receive INR50,000 per acre per year till the land is developed. After the land is developed, the landlords also will receive 33% of the developed residential plots in proportion to the land contributed by them to the pool, 33% will be sold by HSVP, 33% will be used for developing services such as roads and parks.
See also
Urban planning
Government of Haryana
Divisions of Haryana
References
External links
Official website of HUDA
Official portal of Government of Haryana
HarSamadhan Haryana Govt's online Complaints portal
State urban development authorities of India
State agencies of Haryana
Government agencies established in 1977
1977 establishments in Haryana
The New Caledonian friarbird (Philemon diemenensis) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to New Caledonia.
References
Endemic birds of New Caledonia
Philemon (bird)
Birds described in 1831
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jerry Kang (born 1968) is a South Korean-born American legal scholar and academic administrator.  They are a Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law, where they also taught Asian American Studies. Since 2015, they have served as is UCLA's first vice chancellor for equity, diversity, and inclusion.
Early life
Kang was born in South Korea. They graduated from Harvard University, where they earned a bachelor of arts in 1990. They went on to earn a juris doctor from the Harvard Law School in 1993. They were a supervising editor of the Harvard Law Review, and they also served as Special Assistant to Harvard University's Advisory Committee on Free Speech.
Career
Kang was appointed as UCLA's first vice chancellor for equity, diversity and inclusion on July 1, 2015.
Kang joined the UCLA School of Law in 1995. They teach the law and Asian American Studies. They have published research about the Internment of Japanese Americans during World War II.
In October 2016, leaflets published by the David Horowitz Freedom Center suggested Kang was an "advocate of campus terrorist supporters" for their support of Students for Justice in Palestine. In a similar style, in October 2017, fliers appeared on the UCLA campus naming Kang as the "Minister of Inequity, Homogeneity, and Exclusion," alleging that their leadership "opposes intellectual diversity, stifles freedom of speech, and promotes dictatorial demagoguery." Both the 2016 and 2017 events included the hashtag #NoSanctuaryCampusForCriminals.
Kang earned $354,900 in 2015 and $444,234.00 in 2016.
On October 29, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Kang to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities within the National Endowment for the Humanities.
References
Living people
1968 births
South Korean emigrants to the United States
Harvard Law School alumni
UCLA School of Law faculty
American legal scholars
Anders Lysne (born 21 May 1926 – 29 May 2015) was a Norwegian educator.
They were born in Lærdal. After teachers' college and a tenure as a teacher, they took the mag.art. degree in pedagogy at the University of Oslo in 1961. They followed with the dr.philos. degree in 1970, was a docent from the same year and professor from 1972 to 1996. They also headed the International Summer School at the University of Oslo from 1986 to 1992. Lysne was a member of the university's board ("academic college") and of NAVF.
They resided at Haslum. They died at age 89.
References
1926 births
2015 deaths
People from Lærdal
Norwegian schoolteachers
Norwegian educationalists
University of Oslo alumni
University of Oslo faculty
Gavrilovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 24 as of 2002.
Geography
Gavrilovskaya is located 20 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhnepauninskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Daniel Spencer has red hair. Daniel Spencer is a young South Australian climate activist, originally from Renmark in the state's Riverland region. They have held prominent leadership roles in the Australian Youth Climate Coalition, the Repower Port Augusta campaign and the Walk for Solar. Their work has focused on promoting a vision and building community support for the replacement of the coal-fired power stations at Port Augusta with a concentrated solar-thermal power generation alternative. Dan's contributions to climate activism have been widely acknowledged and awarded. In 2012, Dan received the Bob Brown Foundation's inaugural Young Environmentalist of the Year award and was recognized by the Conservation Council of South Australia with the Jill Hudson Award for Environmental Protection. In 2013, they received the Flinders Ports Environment Award at the Channel 9 Young Achievers Awards in South Australia. Dan has appeared in documentary films focusing on climate change and activism, including Revolution and 2 Degrees and is also a musician, songwriter and lead singer for the roots reggae band Babylon Burning. Dan currently works at the South Australian branch of the Australian Services Union.
References
Australian environmentalists
Climate activists
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Renmark, South Australia
The March 84G was a mid-engined Group C and IMSA racing sports prototype, designed and developed by March Engineering in late 1983 and used in sports car racing until 1989. It was powered by a number of different engines, including a Chevrolet small-block, a Buick V6, a Porsche flat-six, and even a Mazda 13B Wankel rotary engine. Power output was around . It only managed to score 5 wins, and clinch a total of 10 podia, over the course of 7 years and 119 race entries.
References
Racing cars
March vehicles
Sports prototypes
IMSA GTP cars
Group C cars
Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin is the sixth studio album by American rapper Kid Cudi. The album was released on December 16, 2016, through Wicked Awesome Records and Republic Records. It succeeds Cudi's alternative rock album Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven (2015). The album features guest appearances from André 3000 (under their real name André Benjamin), Pharrell Williams, Travis Scott and Willow Smith. The production on the album was handled by Cudi himself, alongside Plain Pat, Mike Dean, Dot da Genius, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mike Will Made It and Pharrell Williams, among others.
Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin was supported by two singles: "Frequency" and "Surfin'. The album received generally positive reviews from critics, debuting at number 11 on the US Billboard 200, moving 49,000 units in its first week.
Background
On May 11, 2016, amidst rumors that they were planning to release Man on the Moon III, Cudi revealed the title of their sixth solo album would be Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin, through Instagram. On June 1, 2016, Cudi announced that they would release two albums in 2016, one for the summer and one set for fall. In September 2016, Cudi revealed Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin would be a double disc album. On September 26, Cudi unveiled the album's track-listing, which revealed that similar to their Man on the Moon album series, the Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin track-list is split into acts. In October 2016, in the weeks leading up to the album's release, Cudi revealed on their Facebook page that they had checked themselves into rehabilitation for depression and suicidal urges.
Recording and production
On May 1, 2016, American drummer Travis Barker of Blink-182 fame, revealed he's had recording sessions with Cudi and Atlanta-based rapper André 3000. On June 1, 2016, Cudi revealed on Twitter that Houston-based rapper Travis Scott, was the only featured artist on the album at the moment; Cudi also previewed a video of them in the studio with a new song in the background, via Snapchat. It was also confirmed on June 3, that Cudi's longtime producer Dot da Genius, would also be involved with the album, after Cudi posted a video of them in the studio on Snapchat. On June 9, Cudi released a video of child actor and singer Willow Smith, singing in a recording booth, with the caption "Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin'. On June 29, Cudi teased a Pharrell Williams collaboration, when they tweeted: "Got some magic from Pharrell lastnite. New collabs, new energy, new frequency."
Release and promotion
After releasing an alternative rock solo album, where they sang and played instruments throughout the album, Kid Cudi returned to rapping on March 25, 2016, with the song "The Frequency". The song, which was produced by Cudi's longtime collaborators Mike Dean and Plain Pat, was called a "return to form" for Kid Cudi. On April 15, 2016, Cudi released a song titled "All In", produced by Atlanta-based multi-platinum producer, Mike Will Made It. On April 22, 2016, Kid Cudi announced they would be releasing a new studio album, set for a summer release. In May, a few hours following the announcement of the album's title, Cudi released a snippet of a song from the album, produced by themselves and Mike Dean, which they shared via Instagram.
On June 24, 2016, Kid Cudi released a song, titled "Goodbye". The song, produced by Cudi and Dot da Genius (collectively known as WZRD), samples dialogue by Tupac Shakur from the 1992 film Juice, as well as vocals by English rock band Pink Floyd from their 1979 song "Goodbye Cruel World". On August 15, 2016, Cudi announced they had completed working on the album and would soon be unveiling the release date. In August 2016, while performing at the Trillectro Music Festival, Cudi debuted a new song produced by Pharrell Williams. In September 2016, Cudi revealed the album would be a double disc album and that they had plans to release the album that month.
On September 26, 2016, Cudi revealed the album's track-listing via their Twitter account. Later that day, Cudi announced the album's release date and unveiled the cover art. Hours before the album's release, Cudi revealed the album had been postponed "due to some minor sample clearance issues still being finalized" and announced they would be officially releasing two singles, "Frequency" and "Surfin' featuring Pharrell Williams, due to the delay. On December 1, 2016, the album was made available for pre-order on the iTunes Store, with "Baptized in Fire" featuring Travis Scott, as the "instant gratification track".
On March 1, 2017, Kid Cudi performed the song "Kitchen", with a string orchestra, live on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. On August 15, 2017, Cudi announced a national concert tour by the name of Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin' Tour; with the first date on September 30 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Singles
On September 30, 2016, Kid Cudi released "Frequency" and "Surfin' featuring Pharrell Williams, via digital distribution. The music video for "Frequency", which was directed by Kid Cudi himself, was released on October 13, 2016. The music video for "Surfin', also directed by Cudi, later followed on October 31, 2016, featuring cameo appearances from Jaden Smith, Willow Smith, King Chip, ASAP Nast and ASAP Rocky, among others.
Critical reception
Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin was met with generally positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, the album received an average score of 70, based on 11 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave it 6.6 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.
Neil Yeung of AllMusic commented that Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin "breathes gravitas into the Kid Cudi discography, realigning their trajectory and hinting at hope, possibility, and, most importantly, recovery". Chris Mench of Complex stated that Cudi has managed to "recapture the heart of their music, mixing confessional raps with cosmic hums and unique production. It's not perfect, but it finally feels like we have the Cudi we fell in love with when we first heard him". Matthew Strauss of Pitchfork, while noting the long length and redundancy, commented that "Cudi is as focused as he's been since 2010's Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager", as well as praising the production. Kellan Miller of Drowned in Sound said, "It is definitely a record that demands repeated attention, as a cursory listen will not unveil all its hidden gems. It's instantly accessible than their previous records [sic], but when Cudi is on their game they reap unignorable rewards". Anya Zoledziowski of Exclaim! said, "Not only is Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin loaded with hits, but it also draws attention to Cudi's renewed sense of self. Cudi has finally slayed their demons, and they sound all the better for it".
Alex Bell of HipHopDX said, "Weighing in at 19 tracks and 86 minutes, PP&DS sprawls to a fault, but it sticks true to its branding". Karas Lamb of Consequence said, "Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin seems concerned with little more than keeping up appearances. Hopefully, the high points of the album are a proper barometer, and Kid Cudi's next destination is a sight better than this". Bernadette McNulty of The Observer said, "Pharrell Williams and André 3000 add support on this hefty but intriguingly experimental 19-track marathon, while Willow Smith adds weirdness to Mescudi's trademark humming on the dub hip-hop of "Rose Golden". Tanner Smith of PopMatters said, "The consistent sound here isn't so much redundant as repetitive; it builds a world in a way that too few records do. It's not a particularly deep work—and it's certainly not as important as its maker implies. But if there is a deeper truth to be found, it's going to be in the album's texture which conjures a beautiful night where the streets are wet, and you might be sad, but not sad enough to go to bed just yet". Chris Gibbons of XXL said, "The album's biggest issue is its length. ... While the project is lengthy, it's just good to hear Kid Cudi sound like himself". XXL ranked Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin among the best 50 hip hop projects of 2016.
Commercial performance
In the United States, Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin debuted at number 11 on the Billboard 200, with 49,000 album-equivalent units. It was the second best-selling digital album of the week, selling 24,000 digital copies. The album was also streamed 35 million times in the first week.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an additional producer
"Releaser" features additional vocals by Vanessa Vasquez and background vocals by Kacy Hill
"Kitchen" features background vocals by Jaden Smith
Sample credits
"Baptized in Fire" contains elements of "Déjà Vu", as performed by Ataraxia and written by Mort Garson.
"Flight at First Sight / Advanced" contains elements of "Campbell Soup Gospel! God is Mmmmmm Gooood!", as performed by Leslie Davis.
"Distant Fantasies" contains elements of "Electronic Fields 27", as performed by Gerhard Trede Selection.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Musicians
Danny Pravder – piano (3, 10)
Alison Bjorkedal – harp (7, 10, 16)
James A. McMillen – orchestration and arrangement (7, 10, 14–16), horn section orchestration and arrangement (19)
Steven Velez – orchestration and arrangement (7, 10, 14–16), horn section orchestration and arrangement (19), horn section conducting (19), solo cello (3, 10)
Idle Kid – programming (10)
Dot da Genius – keyboards (11)
Matthew Byas – additional drums (11)
J Gramm – programming (13)
Anthony Kilhoffer – programming (13)
Mike Dean – additional keyboards (18)
Brent Paschke – electric guitar (19)
Dan Fornero – trumpets (19)
Rob Schraer – trumpets (19)
Alex Iles – trombone (19)
Steve Trapani – bass trombone (19)
Doug Tornquist – tuba (19)
Technical
Tom Coyne – mastering
Randy Merrill – mastering
Anthony Kilhoffer – mixing (1–3, 5–8, 10–17), mix engineering (3, 6–8, 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 17), recording (1, 3–19)
Mick Guzauski – mixing (4, 9, 19)
Thomas Cullison – mixing (18), recording (9, 19)
Tom Kahre – recording (2, 3, 11), mix engineering (7)
Mike Larson – recording (4, 9, 19)
Adam Michalak – strings recording (7, 10, 14–16)
David Kim – recording assistance (9, 19)
Will Delaney – recording assistance (9)
Keith Parry – recording assistance (9)
Ben Sedano – recording assistance (19)
Eric Eylands – recording assistance (19)
Artwork
Ryan Rogers – design
Pamela Littky – photography
Charts
Release history
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
2016 albums
Kid Cudi albums
Republic Records albums
Albums produced by Dot da Genius
Albums produced by Kid Cudi
Albums produced by Mike Dean (record producer)
Albums produced by Mike Will Made It
Albums produced by Pharrell Williams
Albums produced by Plain Pat
Albums recorded at Capitol Studios
Albums recorded at EastWest Studios
Wicked Awesome Records albums
1909 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the sixth water polo championship in Hungary. There were two teams who played one match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1909 in water polo
1909 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Where Fortune Smiles is a free jazz LP credited to John McLaughlin, John Surman, Dave Holland, Karl Berger, and Stu Martin on Dawn Records DNLS ASD 3018, which was recorded in 1970 and released in 1971 in a stereo format.
Track listing
"Glancing Backwards (for Junior)" – 8:54 - (John Surman)
"Earth Bound Hearts" – 4:15 - (John McLaughlin)
"Where Fortune Smiles" – 4:01 - (Surman)
"New Place, Old Place" – 10:24 - (McLaughlin)
"Hope" – 7:19 - (McLaughlin)
Personnel
John McLaughlin – guitars
John Surman – soprano saxophone, baritone saxophone, bass clarinet
Dave Holland – upright bass
Karl Berger – vibraphone
Stu Martin – drums
Dave Baker – engineer
Critical reception
Jazz critic Scott Yanow wrote: “McLaughlin's raw sound was starting to take shape by this time and their impeccable chops are on full display. So too are those of the underrated vibraphonist Karl Berger and, of course, soprano saxophonist Surman. The foundation is held loosely in place by bassist Dave Holland and drummer Stu Martin. It's a challenging but interesting listen, especially given McLaughlin's later success and popularity.” Robert Christgau stated "Recorded in New York in 1969, when McLaughlin's studio appearances were amazing everyone from Jimi to Buddy to Miles, this prefigures Mahavishnu's fusion at an earlier, jazzier stage. Pretty intense. The rock guy (drummer Martin) sounds a lot more original than the jazz guys (keyboard player Berger and--especially--saxophonist Surman), but only the justifiably ubiquitous Holland (on bass) can keep up with McLaughlin. And believe me, even if in historical fact it's McLaughlin who's trying to keep up, that's how it sounds."
Background
As released in 1971 on Dawn records, and a subsequent 1975 release on Pye, the album was credited to all participating musicians, with no one receiving top billing. With the reissue on CD in 1993, the album was retroactively credited to McLaughlin alone, a move suggested having been for "marketing purposes only". Composition credits and solo times are shared more or less equally between McLaughlin and Surman, and McLaughlin is not understood to have acted in a leadership capacity for the sessions.
A one-off studio record between 5 accomplished musicians who never recorded as a group subsequently, the two studio efforts necessary to complete the album were fit in between and/or after: John Surman working with Barre Phillips and Stu Martin in “The Trio” (Dawn LP – DNLS 3006), John McLaughlin working with Miles Davis, Karl touring with Don Cherry in Europe, and Dave also working with Miles.
Reissues
Where Fortune Smiles was reissued on vinyl in 1975 by Pye Records (Pye 12103) with an alternative cover. It was first reissued on CD in 1993 on One Way Records (OW 29312), then on a re-mastered promo on BGO Records in 1993 – and officially in 1996 (BGO 191). The entire album is included on the 3-CD set John Surman: Glancing Backwards, the Dawn anthology.
External links
References
John McLaughlin (musician) albums
1971 albums
Jazz fusion albums
Dawn Records albums
John Surman albums
Dave Holland albums
Karl Berger albums
Stu Martin (drummer) albums
Collaborative albums
Pye Records albums
One Way Records albums
Establishment of the Emirate of Transjordan refers to the government that was set up in Transjordan on 11 April 1921, following a brief interregnum period.
Abdullah, the second son of Sharif Hussein, leader of the 1916 Great Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire, arrived from Hejaz by train in Ma'an in southern Transjordan on 21 November 1920, with the stated aim of fighting the French in Syria, after they had defeated the short-lived Arab Kingdom of Syria during the Battle of Maysalun on 24 July 1920.
Transjordan then was in disarray and widely considered to be ungovernable with its dysfunctional local governments. Abdullah spent almost four months with their base in Ma'an, which they left in late February arriving in Amman on 2 March 1921. Following the Cairo Conference and Abdullah's meeting with Colonial Secretary Winston Churchill in Jerusalem, the Emirate of Transjordan was established on 11 April 1921.
Background
Four centuries of Ottoman rule over the Levant and the Hejaz came to an end during World War I by the 1916 Arab Revolt; driven by long-term resentment towards the Ottoman authorities, and growing Arab nationalism. The revolt was led by Sharif Hussein of Mecca, and their sons Abdullah, Faisal and Ali, members of the Hashemite family of the Hejaz, descendants of the Prophet Muhammad. Locally, the revolt garnered the support of the Transjordanian tribes, including Bedouins, Circassians and Christians. The Allies of World War I, including Britain and France, whose imperial interests converged with the Arabist cause, offered support. The revolt started on 5 June 1916 from Medina and pushed northwards until the fighting reached Transjordan in the Battle of Aqaba on 6 July 1917. The revolt reached its climax when Faisal entered Damascus in October 1918, and established an Arab-led military administration in OETA East, later declared as the Arab Kingdom of Syria, both of which Transjordan was part of. During this period, the southernmost region of the country, including Ma'an and Aqaba, was also claimed by the neighboring Kingdom of Hejaz.
The nascent Hashemite Kingdom over Greater Syria was forced to surrender to French troops on 24 July 1920 during the Battle of Maysalun; the French occupied only the northern part of the Syrian Kingdom, leaving Transjordan in a period of interregnum. Arab aspirations failed to gain international recognition, due mainly to the secret 1916 Sykes–Picot Agreement, which divided the region into French and British spheres of influence, and the 1917 Balfour Declaration, which promised Palestine to Jews. This was seen by the Hashemites and the Arabs as a betrayal of their previous agreements with the British, including the 1915 McMahon–Hussein Correspondence, in which the British stated their willingness to recognize the independence of a unified Arab state stretching from Aleppo to Aden under the rule of the Hashemites.
Salt conference
Following the fall of the Arab Kingdom of Syria on 24 July 1920, Transjordanian merchant and tribal leaders and British officials assigned to the region competed for political influence. The British High Commissioners for Palestine and Transjordan, Herbert Samuel, travelled to Transjordan on 21 August to meet with Al-Salt city's residents. They there declared to six hundred Transjordanian notables that the British government had decided that the administration of Transjordan would be kept separate from that of Palestine and that British advisors will aid the creation of local governments throughout the area. The High Commissioner promised that the British government would provide Transjordan with the goods it needs and that free trade with Palestine will continue to help spur economic growth.
Umm Qais conference
The second meeting between British officials and the notables of Transjordan occurred in Umm Qais nearly a month later on 2 September. Major Fitzroy Somerset received a petition from the local residents who demanded an independent Arab government in Transjordan to be led by an Arab prince (emir), and a representative body which would have the power to enact legislation and administer the country's affairs. They also demanded that land sale in Transjordan to Jews be stopped as well as preventing Jewish immigration there; that Britiain fund and establish a national army; and that free trade be maintained between Transjordan and the rest of the region.
Local governments
Following the outcomes of the two conferences, the British dispatched six officers to aid the establishment of local governments in Transjordan which existed between August 1920 and March 1921. They included:
1- the "Government of Dayr Yousef" in Ajloun's Kura dsitrict under Najib Abd Al-Qader Al-Shuraydah
2- the "Government of Jabal Ajloun" in Jabal Ajloun under Rashed Al-Khuzai bin Durgham of the Freihat
3- the "Government of Moab" in Karak under Rufayfan Majali
4- a government in Tafila under Salih Umran.
5- a government in Al-Salt under Mazhar Raslan
6- a semi-official government in Ajloun's Al-Wustiyya district under Naji Mazid Al-Azzam
7- an administration in Irbid under Ali Khulqi Al-Sharayri
8- an administration in Jerash under the Kayid branch of the Utum family
9- an administration in Ramtha under Nasir Al-Fawwaz Al-Barakat of the Zu'bi family
Abdullah's arrival in Transjordan
Sa`id Al-Mufti, a leading figure in Transjordan's Circassian community then, sent out a telegram to Sharif Hussein demanding that they send one of their sons to save the country from chaos. Sa'id remembered:
Abdullah's ambitions were affected when the Iraqi revolt against the British began in May 1920 and Faisal's Arab Kingdom of Syria fell to the French in July 1920. Abdullah left Medina in mid-October; the journey took 27 days due to the poor state of the Hejaz railway which had been heavily damaged during World War I.
The stated reason for their travel was to redeem the Kingdom their brother Faisal had lost.
Abdullah arrived in Ma'an in southern Transjordan on 21 November 1920. Sources differ as to the number of men they had with him, from 300, to 1,200, to 2,000.
On their arrival in Ma'an Abdullah arranged for letters to dispatched to invite the leaders of the Syrian National Congress and notable Transjordanians, to meet them Ma'an and discuss the "firm intentions of the people". Two weeks later, on 5 December, they issued a proclamation which stated that their sole intention was to "expel the invaders". The British had discouraged some of the prominent Transjordanians from allying with Abdullah, including Mazhar Raslan, the mutasarrif of Salt. Rufayfan Pasha, the mutasarrif of Karak, did not go to Ma'an at all, and other officials demanded a guarantee for their army pensions or tried to extract other forms of payment before they would join Abdullah.
In January 1921, Abdullah's forces moved into Kerak without opposition from the British. Abdullah spent almost four months with their base in Ma'an, which they left on 29 February 1921 and arrived in Amman on 2 March 1921.
By early February 1921 the British had concluded that "the Sherif's influence has now completely replaced that of the local governments and of the British advisers in Trans-Jordania, and [that] it must be realised that if and when Abdullah does advance northwards in the spring, they will be considered by the majority of the population to be the ruler of that country."
Cairo Conference
The Cairo Conference was convened on 12 March 1921 by Winston Churchill, then Britain's Colonial Secretary, and lasted until 30 March; the conference was to endorse an arrangement whereby Transjordan would be added to the Palestine mandate, with Abdullah as the emir under the authority of the High Commissioner, and with the condition that the Jewish National Home provisions of the Palestine mandate would not apply there.
Jerusalem meeting
Abdullah then headed to Jerusalem to meet with Winston Churchill on 28 March 1921.
Proclamation of the Emirate of Transjordan
Following agreement with Colonial Secretary Winston Churchill, the Emirate of Transjordan was established on 11 April 1921.
References
Bibliography
History of Jordan
1920 in Asia
CloudSat is a NASA Earth observation satellite, which was launched on a Delta II rocket on April 28, 2006. It uses radar to measure the altitude and properties of clouds, adding to information on the relationship between clouds and climate in order to help resolve questions about global warming.
It has been in daytime-only operations since 2011 due to battery malfunction, requiring sunlight to power the radar.
The mission was selected under NASA's Earth System Science Pathfinder program in 1999. Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. in Boulder, Colorado, designed and built the spacecraft.
CloudSat's primary mission was scheduled to continue for 22 months in order to allow more than one seasonal cycle to be observed.
Instrument
The main instrument on CloudSat is the Cloud Profiling Radar (CPR), a 94-GHz nadir-looking radar that measures the power backscattered by clouds as a function of distance from the radar. The radar instrument was developed at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California, with hardware contributions from the Canadian Space Agency. The overall design of the CPR is simple, well understood, and has a strong heritage from the many cloud radars already in operation in ground-based and airborne applications. Most of the design parameters and subsystem configurations are nearly identical to those for the Airborne Cloud Radar, which has been flying on the NASA DC-8 aircraft since 1998.
The CPR capitalizes on existing radar expertise and experience at JPL. Other radars already flown successfully or being developed by JPL include the Seasat SAR, the Shuttle Imaging Radars (SIR-A, SIR-B, SIR-C), the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), Magellan Venus Radar Mapper, Cassini Radar (mapping Saturn's moon Titan), NSCAT, and SeaWinds.
Based on radar lifetime data, NASA expected the radar to operate for at least three years with a 99% probability.
CloudSat is managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Colorado State University provides scientific leadership and science data processing and distribution. The cost of this project is approximately $200 million.
Impact on Radio Astronomy
Power levels of the CloudSat radar are such that the receiver electronics deployed on a typical radio telescope could be burned out if the telescope is pointing at the zenith during an overflight. Moreover, the typical receiver will probably saturate during an overflight (or near overflight) no matter where the radio telescope is pointed, and similarly strong signal levels would be received if a telescope points at or near CloudSat whenever the satellite is above the horizon (which could be of order one hour per day at a typical location). The narrow-band, Doppler-shifted radar signal will probably be detectable in even fairly short integrations no matter where a radio telescope is pointed, whenever CloudSat is above the horizon.
See also
A-train (satellite constellation)
Earth Observing System
List of spaceflights (2006)
References
External links
Cloudsat home
Cloudsat Data Processing Center
CloudSat and the A Train
CloudSat Mission Profile by NASA's Solar System Exploration
Spacecraft seek climate clarity
Weather satellites of the United States
Spacecraft launched by Delta II rockets
Spacecraft launched in 2006
NASA satellites
Adriaan van Maanen (March 31, 1884 – January 26, 1946) was a Dutch–American astronomer.
Van Maanen, born into a well-to-do family in Friesland, studied astronomy at the University of Utrecht (earning their Ph.D. in 1911) and worked briefly at the University of Groningen. In 1911, they came to the United States to work as a volunteer in an unpaid capacity at Yerkes Observatory. Within a year they got a position at the Mount Wilson Observatory, where they remained active until their death in 1946.
They discovered Van Maanen's star.
 They are well known for their astrometric measurements of internal motions in spiral nebulae. Believing that nebulae were local, stellar and gaseous systems that existed in our galaxy, their measurements came to be at odds with Edwin Hubble's discovery that the Andromeda Nebula and other spiral nebulae were extragalactic objects. The speed of rotation they calculated for the nebulae, if Hubble were correct as to their extragalactic nature, would have had their Cepheid stars moving at speeds faster than that of light. In 1935, it was decided that since Hubble's calculations of extragalactic Cepheid distances were correct, ergo van Maanen's astrometric measurements had to be incorrect.
In 1924 they became member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Known for faulty results
In the first and second decade of the 20th century there was a large controversy in the astronomical world about the size of the Milky Way, the size of the universe and the nature of spiral galaxies. The result of this controversy was the great debate in Washington DC between Harlow Shapley and Heber Doust Curtis in April 1920. Shapley believed that spiral galaxies weren't systems equal to the Milky Way and in one of their arguments they used the results of Van Maanen, who measured the rotation of the spiral arms of spiral galaxies. After extrapolating their results they concluded that motion of the arms of spiral galaxies had a period of 105 years. While Curtis had stated that spiral galaxies were similar to the Milky Way and thus had to have a similar size, believed to be 5 kiloparsecs (kpc) at that time, the period of the motion was far too small for a radius of 2.5 kpc. At that period and radius, it would mean that the spiral arms rotated with a speed greater than the speed of light. Curtis agreed that if the results of van Maanen were correct, Shapley was right. But Curtis rejected the results of van Maanen due to unrealistic accuracy claimed by him. Later astronomers have re-examined the measurements of Van Maanen, and concluded they had made a serious error.
The origin of van Maanen's measurement errors emerged from their stereo blink comparator, which van Maanen used to compare new plates with plates some 10–20 years old. By blinking between those two plates they could detect small discrepancies on the positions of the objects. Their reference objects were the field stars fairly near the edge of the plates. However they didn't consider that due to optical effects these stars had been smeared out a little towards the edges, slightly differently between the two plates. This caused systematic errors resulting in imaginary movements.
Another possible explanation is that van Maanen simply saw what they had been trained to see for years: that the "spiral nebulae" were relatively nearby and therefore ought to have a quite detectable rotation. This belief was quite widespread in the early 20th-century and therefore very hard to ignore. This does not, however, explain supposedly corroborating findings from Mount Wilson, Lowell Observatory, Russia, and the Netherlands.
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
Angular Rotations of Spiral Nebulae, Hubble, E., ApJ, 81, 334 (1935) – NADS
Internal Motions in Spiral Nebulae, Van Maanen, A., ApJ, 81, 336 (1935) – NADS
Adriaan van Maanen and internal motions in spiral nebulae: A historical review, Quarterly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society, Vol. 13, 1972
Adriaan van Maanen on the significance of Internal Motions in Spiral Nebulae, Hetherington, N.S., J Hist Astron, 5. 52 (1974) – NADS
On Spiral Nebulae, van Maanen et al. Chronological bibliography of articles on astrometrical measurements of spiral nebulae.
Adriaan Van Maanen at Find-a-Grave.com
1884 births
1946 deaths
20th-century American astronomers
American people of Frisian descent
20th-century Dutch astronomers
People from Sneek
Dutch emigrants to the United States
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
Utrecht University alumni
University of Groningen faculty
Vallesia glabra, the pearlberry, is a species of plant, a shrub of the family Apocynaceae. It is native to tropical America. It also has the common names smooth vallesia and tear shrub.
Characteristics
This plant is a source of shelter, food and liquid for numerous birds, which rest under its shade and feed on its fruits that are similar to small, white grapes or pearls, hence giving the plant its English common name of pearlberry.
Growth
The shrubs can reach a height of between 2 and 6 metres (6 feet 6 inches and 19 feet 8 inches).
Distribution
This species is found in Mexico, Colombia, Ecuador (including the Galapagos Islands), Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, Paraguay, the Bahamas, Cuba and the United States (it is a native plant in Florida and has been introduced in California).
References
Hortipedia
External links
Rauvolfioideae
Adenanthos labillardierei is a species of erect shrub endemic to the slopes of the Barren Ranges in the Fitzgerald River National Park in southwest Western Australia.
Description
It grows as an erect shrub, usually less than m in height. Like many Adenanthos species, its leaves are deeply divided into long, soft, slender laciniae, in this case usually five, but occasionally up to nine. Flowers are dark claret at the apex, but range from cream to claret at the base. The perianth tube may be up to 25 mm long, and the style up to 33 mm long.
This species is very similar in appearance to its close relative A. filifolius, but the latter has cream and black or dark navy blue flowers, and leaves with many more laciniae than A. labillardierei.
Taxonomy
There are botanical collections attributable to this species dating back at least to 1925, but it was not until 1978 that Ernest Charles Nelson published the species in their comprehensive taxonomic revision of the genus. In fact, they had included a brief description of the species in a descriptive key in a paper published earlier that year, but this did not constitute valid publication of the name. Nelson based their concept of the species on a specimen collected by them in 1973 from a track on the eastern side of Whoogarup Range in the Fitzgerald River National Park. They gave it the specific epithet labillardierei in honour of French botanist Jacques Labillardière, "in recognition of Labillardière's contribution to the knowledge of this genus, and Australian botany."
Nelson followed George Bentham in dividing Adenanthos into two sections, placing A. labillardierei into A. sect. Adenanthos because its perianth tube is fairly straight, and not swollen above the middle. They further divided the section into two subsections, with A. labillardierei placed into A. subsect. Adenanthos for reasons including the length of its perianth. However Nelson discarded their own subsections in their 1995 treatment of Adenanthos for the Flora of Australia series of monographs.
The placement of A. labillardierei in Nelson's arrangement of Adenanthos may be summarised as follows:
Adenanthos
A. sect. Eurylaema (4 species)
A. sect. Adenanthos
A. drummondii
A. dobagii
A. apiculatus
A. linearis
A. pungens (2 subspecies)
A. gracilipes
A. venosus
A. dobsonii
A. glabrescens (2 subspecies)
A. ellipticus
A. cuneatus
A. stictus
A. ileticos
A. forrestii
A. eyrei
A. cacomorphus
A. flavidiflorus
A. argyreus
A. macropodianus
A. terminalis
A. sericeus (2 subspecies)
A. × cunninghamii
A. oreophilus
A. cygnorum (2 subspecies)
A. meisneri
A. velutinus
A. filifolius
A. labillardierei
A. acanthophyllus
Distribution and habitat
It occurs only in southwest Western Australia, where it is restricted to the hillslopes of the Barren Ranges, on the hills between Dempster Inlet and Eyre Range, and on Mount Drummond. This area has rocky soils of siliceous sand, vegetated by dense scrub.
Cultivation
Adenanthos labillardierei is unknown in cultivation, and is unlikely to have much potential as an ornamental, because the very similar A. filifolius is a more attractive plant.
References
External links
labillardierei
Eudicots of Western Australia
Jens Petter Ekornes (2 January 1942 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian businessperson, known as CEO of Ekornes.
They were born in Ørsta as a son of Sigurd Ekornes (1906–) and Margit Helene Pedersen (1912–1983). In August 1963 they married salesperson Kari Blakstad. Their uncle Jens E. Ekornes founded the Ekornes furniture factory and company in Sykkylven. Jens Petter Ekornes started their career at the Ekornes factory as a laborer, and took education in Oslo. They rose in the hierarchy to become chief executive, except for a period between 1987 and 1990 when they tried to start ventures of their own in Ålesund.
Ekornes was a member of the central board of the Conservative Party until 2006. They served in Møre og Romsdal county council from 1999 to 2003 and was a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Møre og Romsdal during the term 2001–2005. They have also been a board member of the Regional Development Fund.
They were decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2005, but wanted to share the honor with every one of their employees. They died in June 2008.
References
1942 births
2008 deaths
People from Sykkylven
People from Ørsta
20th-century Norwegian businesspeople
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Møre og Romsdal politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
"Echoes" is the first single to be released by British indie rock band Klaxons from their second studio album, Surfing the Void. The song was released through Polydor Records as a digital download on 15 August 2010, with a vinyl and CD single release the following day. The single was added to BBC Radio 1's A Playlist in July 2010. The single cover was shot by London-based photographer Ben Rayner. The song appears on Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit in 2010 along with the song "Twin Flames".
Music video
The music video to accompany the release of "Echoes" premiered on Channel 4 at 12:25 am on 17 July 2010 as part of a 4Music exclusive. It was then released on YouTube later that day from the band's record label YouTube page. The video features the band performing the song in the White Desert in Farafra, Egypt.
Track listing
CD single
7" single
Charts
Release history
References
2010 singles
Klaxons songs
2009 songs
Polydor Records singles
it:Echoes
Valea Mare-Pravăț is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bilcești, Colnic, Fântânea, Gura Pravăț, Nămăești, Pietroasa, Șelari, and Valea Mare-Pravăț.
The commune is located in the northeastern part of the county, right next to the city of Câmpulung, and from the county seat, Pitești. It lies on the banks of the river Argeșel, at the foot of the Iezer Mountains. The highest point in the commune is , at .
Valea Mare-Pravăț borders Rucăr commune to the northeast, Dragoslavele and Stoenești communes to the east, Mioarele commune to the south, and Câmpulung municipality and Lerești commune to the west.
The commune is crossed by the national road DN73 that connects Câmpulung and Brașov across the Rucăr-Bran Pass. Near Valea Mare-Pravăț, county road DN72A branches off DN73 and leads to the southwest to the city of Târgoviște on the Dâmbovița River valley.
The Mausoleum of the Heroes, also known as the Mateiaș Mausoleum, is a monument dedicated to the soldiers who fought in World War I, during the Romanian Campaign of 1916–1918. It is located on European route E574 (DN73), from Câmpulung on the road to Brașov, on Mateiaș Hill.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The DKW Munga is a DKW-branded off-road vehicle that was built by Auto-Union in Ingolstadt, Germany. The name Munga comes from the German phrase Mehrzweck Universal Geländewagen mit Allradantrieb, which translates as "multi-purpose universal off-road car with all-wheel drive"
Development
Production began in October 1956 and ended in December 1968. During this time 46,750 cars were built. The 38th International Motor Show at Frankfurt in the autumn 1957 was a great success for Auto-Union. About this time the Munga was launched. The vehicle, which has extraordinary stamina, was not only adopted by the West German Bundeswehr as a vehicle unique in its class but was also bought in large numbers for the German Border Police and various foreign military formations within NATO.
The civilian version of the Munga was widely adopted in West Germany for agricultural and forestry work in particular, and also became popular abroad, especially in those countries where "go anywhere" transport was needed because of poor roads, such as large parts of South America and South Africa. Around 2000 cars were delivered to the Royal Netherlands Army, many of which were shipped to the UK in the late 1970s.
The Munga was later also available from the end of 1956 as a four-seat pan structure of steel sheet and as a six-or eight-seater platform body.
The term therefore corresponds to the body variant:
Four seat (Munga 4)
Pickup (Munga 6)
Long Pick-up (Munga 8)
The Royal Netherlands Army had intended the Munga as a replacement for the 1956 M38A1 NEKAF Jeep, but the type caused so many problems that it was removed from front line service prematurely in 1970. The M38A1 NEKAF Jeeps, that had been stored in mobilization compounds for reserve units, were re-issued to operational units - where they remained in use until 1995.
The Munga was also built in São Paulo, Brazil, by DKW-Vemag, where it was called DKW Candango. The local production lasted from 1958 to 1963 in four-wheel drive and two-wheel drive versions.
See also
Porsche 597
FMC XR311
FN Herstal AS 24
M151
Europa Jeep
References
Munga
Off-road vehicles
Cold War military vehicles of Germany
Military light utility vehicles
USSR most commonly refers to the Soviet Union (Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, 1922–1991).
USSR may also refer to:
The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic (1919–1991)
The Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic (1924–1991)
The Union of Soviet Sovereign Republics, a proposed replacement state for the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
USSR, a former Soviet magazine distributed in the United States; its modern successor is Russian Life
"U.S.S.R." (song), a hit song by eurodance singer Eddy Huntington, recorded in 1986
"U.S.S.R.", a bonus track from a reissue of Siamese Dream by Smashing Pumpkins
See also
CCCP (disambiguation)
Soviet Union (disambiguation), including Sovetsky Soyuz
Timothy John Willoughby (24 June 1954 – 9 January 2008) was an Australian rower, yachtsman and stockbroker. They were a five-time Australian national champion rower, a dual Olympian and won a bronze medal in the Australian men's eight at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Club and state rowing
Born in Adelaide, South Australia in 1954, Willoughby first began to show promise as a rower whilst at St Mark's College at the University of Adelaide, where they were a boat captain in the Adelaide University Boat Club.
Willoughby was first selected to represent South Australia in the 1975 senior men's eight who contested the King's Cup at the Interstate Regatta. They made a total of nine Kings Cup appearances for South Australia between 1975 and 1984. That was a golden period for South Australian heavyweight men's rowing and their eights won the title in 1981, 1982 and 1983; and placed second in 1975, 1977, 1979 and 1984.
In 1980, 1981, 1982 and 1983 in Adelaide University colours they contested the national coxed or coxless four titles at the Australian Rowing Championships. In 1980, 1982 & 1983 they also raced for the coxless pair title and they won that national championship in 1982 and 1983.
International representative rowing
Willoughby made their first Australian representation in the Australian men's eight selected to contest the 1980 Moscow Olympics. That crew finished with an overall fifth placing. They were selected in 1981 to a coxed four with Graham Jones, Jim Battersby and John Bentley who raced at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich to a sixth placing. In 1982 that same four with Battersby changed out for Bruce Keynes was selected to contest the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne. They missed the A final and placed seventh overall.
In 1983, Willoughby secured the six seat of the Australian eight selected within a limited squad sent to the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg Germany. The eight performed well in lead up regattas at Vichy, Ratzeburg and Nottingham. In the final at the World Championships the Australian crew drew a bad lane and lost the benefit of the tail breeze however they raced a strong second 1000m and finished in third place for a bronze medal.
The Australian eight selected for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics was built around the national champion Mosman Rowing Club coxed four of Jim Battersby, Craig Muller and Steve Evans. Willougby was selected in the four seat and made their second Olympics in Los Angeles. The Australian eight finished third in the final with a time of 5:43.40 winning bronze behind Canada and the USA.
Yachtsman
Subsequent to their win in Los Angeles, Willoughby was a crew member of the Australian yacht Kookaburra III, which attempted to defend the America's Cup in 1987, but was defeated by the American yacht Stars & Stripes. They remained in Perth following the America's Cup, and became president of the WA Olympic Council and of the Olympians Club of WA, representing Western Australia to the Australian Olympic Committee.
Professional career
Willoughby spent twenty years as a stockbroker for the Goldman Sachs JBWere investment bank. Having left Goldman Sachs in late 2007, Willoughby was due to start work at the firm of Citi Smith Barney on 10 January 2008, but died suddenly on 9 January 2008 after suffering a heart attack on board a flight from the United States to Singapore, returning home from a family holiday in New Mexico.
References
1954 births
2008 deaths
Australian male rowers
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
University of Adelaide alumni
1987 America's Cup sailors
Olympic medalists in rowing
Rowers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
II Field Force, Vietnam was a United States Army Corps-level command during the Vietnam War.
Activated on 15 March 1966, it became the largest corps command in Vietnam and one of the largest in Army history. II Field Force was assigned the lineage of the XXII Corps, a World War II corps in the European Theater of Operations. II Field Force was a component of U.S. Military Assistance Command Vietnam (MACV) and had its headquarters in Long Binh.
Area of responsibility
II Field Force's area of responsibility was III Corps Tactical Zone, later renamed Military Region 3, which comprised eleven provinces surrounding Saigon. This was designed to mimic the ARVN III Corps region. II Field Force controlled units participating in the 1968 Tet Offensive and the 1970 Cambodian Incursion.
Units assigned
At various times during the Vietnam War, II FFV controlled the following units:
1st Infantry Division
9th Infantry Division
25th Infantry Division
101st Airborne Division
1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile)
3rd Brigade 82nd Airborne Division
3rd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division
173rd Airborne Brigade
196th Light Infantry Brigade
199th Light Infantry Brigade
11th Armored Cavalry Regiment
12th Combat Aviation Group
23rd Artillery Group
54th Artillery Group
53rd Signal Battalion
1st Australian Task Force
Royal Thai Army Volunteer Force
II Field Force Vietnam Headquarters Elements:
Company F (Long Range Patrol) 51st Infantry (Airborne)
Company D (Ranger) 151st Infantry (Airborne), Indiana National Guard
Company D (Ranger) 75th Infantry (Airborne)
HHB, II FFV Artillery
303rd ASA Battalion
6th Psychological Operations Battalion
2nd Civil Affairs Company
552 Military Police Company
9th Transportation Company
44th Army Postal Company
29th Chemical Detachment
61st Medical Detachment (MB)
7th Military History Detachment
219th Military Intelligence Detachment
14th Public Information Detachment
16th Public Information Detachment
16th Signal Detachment
265th FA Radar Detachment (AN/TPS-25)
Inactivation
II Field Force was inactivated on 2 May 1971, during the withdrawal of U.S. ground combat forces from Vietnam, with its assets providing the basis for its successor, Third Regional Assistance Command (TRAC).
Commanders
Lieutenant General Jonathan O. Seaman (March 1966 – March 1967)
Lieutenant General Bruce Palmer Jr. (March–July 1967)
Major General Frederick C. Weyand (July 1967 – August 1968)
Major General Walter T. Kerwin Jr. (August 1968 – April 1969)
Lieutenant General Julian J. Ewell (April 1969 – April 1970)
Lieutenant General Michael S. Davison (April 1970 – May 1971)
Lineage and honors
Lineage
Constituted 9 January 1944 in the Army of the United States as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, XXII Corps.
Activated 15 January 1944 at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
Inactivated 20 January 1946 in Germany.
Allotted 12 July 1950 to the Regular Army.
Redesignated 5 January 1966 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, II Field Force.
Activated 10 January 1966 at Fort Hood, Texas.
Redesignated 15 March 1966 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, II Field Force Vietnam.
Inactivated 3 May 1971 at Fort Hood, Texas.
Redesignated 2 September 1982 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, XXII Corps.
Campaign Participation Credit
World War II
Central Europe
Vietnam
Counteroffensive
Counteroffensive, Phase II
Counteroffensive, Phase III
Tet Counteroffensive
Counteroffensive, Phase IV
Counteroffensive, Phase V
Counteroffensive, Phase VI
Tet 69/Counteroffensive
Summer- Fall 1969
Winter- Spring 1970
Counteroffensive, Phase VII
Honors
Meritorious Unit Commendation (Army), streamer embroidered VIETNAM 1966–1967
Meritorious Unit Commendation (Army), streamer embroidered VIETNAM 1967–1969
Meritorious Unit Commendation (Army), streamer embroidered VIETNAM 1969
Meritorious Unit Commendation (Army), streamer embroidered VIETNAM 1969–1971
Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm, streamer embroidered VIETNAM 1970
Republic of Vietnam Civil Action Honor Medal, First Class, streamer embroidered VIETNAM 1969-1970
Shoulder Sleeve Insignia
Description
On a shield arched at top 3 3/8 inches (8.57 cm) in height and 2 3/8 inches (6.03 cm) in width overall a crusader's unsheathed sword, point to top and with white blade and yellow hilt, superimposed on a blue stylized arrow throughout, shaft tapered and points and angled tips of arrowhead touching top and sides of shield, the areas on each side of the tapered shaft yellow and the areas on each side of the arrowhead red all within a 1/8 inch (.32 cm) white border.
Symbolism
The shape of the shield and the unsheathed crusader's sword (the "Sword of Freedom") were suggested by the shoulder sleeve insignia previously authorized for the United States Military Assistance Command, Vietnam, and the United States Army, Vietnam. The stylized blue arrow and sword are used to represent the purpose and military might of the II Field Force pressing against, sweeping back, and breaking through enemy forces symbolized by the red areas. The dividing of the red and yellow areas of the shield into two parts allude to the numerical designation of the II Field Force, the colors red and yellow also being those of Vietnam. The colors red, white and blue are the national colors of the United States and further allude to the three major combat arms: Infantry, Artillery and Armor.
Background
The shoulder sleeve insignia was approved on 5 October 1966. (TIOH Dwg. No. A-1-437)
Distinctive Unit Insignia
Description/Blazon
A gold color metal and enamel insignia 1 1/4 inches (3.18 cm) in height overall consisting of a gold and scarlet device in the shape and background design of the authorized shoulder sleeve insignia of the II Field Force, Vietnam, between two conjoining green fronds of palm all surmounted by a vertical stylized blue arrow with a shallow pointed tapered shaft, the tip of the arrow and the shaft extending beyond the background design and over the palm frond, the side tips of the arrow touching the sides and the two areas above the side tips of scarlet, bearing an unsheathed Crusader sword with point up, the hilt gold and the blade white.
Symbolism
The operations and numerical designation are indicated by the scarlet and gold (yellow) device in the shape and background design of the authorized shoulder sleeve insignia of the II Field Force, Vietnam, and by the unsheathed Crusader sword which has become associated with Vietnam and the blue stylized arrow both of which were also suggested by the shoulder sleeve insignia and when taken together allude to the numeral II (or Second). The scarlet and gold (yellow) background and green palm fronds refer to the major combat operational area of the II Field Force which includes the defense of Saigon. The palm fronds are also symbolic of successful achievement.
Background
The distinctive unit insignia was approved on 27 November 1968.
Combat Service Identification Badge
A gold color metal and enamel device 2 inches (5.08 cm) in height consisting of a design similar to the shoulder sleeve insignia.
Notes
References
Stanton, Shelby, Vietnam Order of Battle,
Military units and formations of the United States Army in the Vietnam War
Corps of the United States Army
Military units and formations established in 1966
Military units and formations disestablished in 1971
Elk Creek is a census-designated place in Glenn County, California. It is located northwest of Willows, at an elevation of 745 feet (227 m).
The 2010 census reported that Elk Creek's population was 163. It is home to the smallest public high school in California, which has an enrollment of about 35 students in grades 7 through 12. The Grindstone Indian Rancheria of Wintun-Wailaki Indians, founded in 1907, is located approximately seven miles north of the town and conducts business in Elk Creek. The best-known landmark nearby is a mountain named Bidwell Point.
The first post office at Elk Creek opened in 1872.
The town of Elk Creek is just north of Stony Gorge Reservoir. Elk Creek, the town's namesake, runs out of the Coast Range mountains to the east into Stony Creek. Stony Creek runs from the dam at Stony Gorge into another lake a bit further up the map called Black Butte Lake. Hunting is restricted to shotguns and bows.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Elk Creek had a population of 163. The population density was . The racial makeup of Elk Creek was 144 (88.3%) White, 0 (0.0%) African American, 7 (4.3%) Native American, 1 (0.6%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 8 (4.9%) from other races, and 3 (1.8%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8 persons (4.9%).
The Census reported that 163 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 73 households, out of which 16 (21.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 40 (54.8%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 5 (6.8%) had a female householder with no husband present, 6 (8.2%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 3 (4.1%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 1 (1.4%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 20 households (27.4%) were made up of individuals, and 8 (11.0%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23. There were 51 families (69.9% of all households); the average family size was 2.65.
The population was spread out, with 25 people (15.3%) under the age of 18, 7 people (4.3%) aged 18 to 24, 21 people (12.9%) aged 25 to 44, 67 people (41.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 43 people (26.4%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.
There were 84 housing units at an average density of , of which 73 were occupied, of which 58 (79.5%) were owner-occupied, and 15 (20.5%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.3%; the rental vacancy rate was 0%. 129 people (79.1% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 34 people (20.9%) lived in rental housing units.
Climate
This region experiences hot and dry summers with temperatures reaching up to 115 degrees.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Elk Creek has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
References
Census-designated places in Glenn County, California
Census-designated places in California
Blake Frischknecht (born May 10, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for Chattanooga Red Wolves SC in USL League One.
Career
College & Amateur
Frischknecht began playing college soccer at Brigham Young University, before taking a two-year hiatus from soccer to complete a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints in Bahia Blanca, Argentina. Upon their return to the United States, Frischknecht transferred to Utah Valley University, where they played for three seasons, scoring 20 goals and tallying 2 assists in 54 appearances for the Wolverines.
Whilst at college, Frischknecht appeared in the USL PDL for their college team, BYU Cougars during and after their years of enrollment at the college. They also played with Ogden City SC in 2018 and 2019. Following their time with Ogden City in the PDL, they went to play with NPSL side Orange County FC. Frischknecht made headlines in May 2019 when their 89th minute goal gave OCFC the lead over Las Vegas Lights FC in the Third Round of the 2019 U.S. Open Cup. The win made history for Orange County, which became the first NPSL side to ever beat two professional teams in a single U.S. Open Cup tournament.
Professional
On August 13, 2020, Frischknecht signed with local USL Championship side Las Vegas Lights. They made their professional debut on August 15, 2020, appearing as a 78th-minute substitute during a 1–0 loss to Orange County SC.
On April 7, 2021, Frischknecht joined USL League One side Chattanooga Red Wolves SC ahead of the 2021 season.
Personal life
While at BYU Frischknecht appeared with other members of their team in the Studio C viral video "Top Soccer Shootout Ever With Scott Sterling". In the fictional Penalty shoot-out between Yale and North Carolina they play the roll of Tarheels' player "Lambert".
Career Statistics
References
External links
Utah Valley profile
1995 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football forwards
BYU Cougars men's soccer players
Utah Valley Wolverines men's soccer players
Ogden City SC players
Las Vegas Lights FC players
Chattanooga Red Wolves SC players
Soccer players from Nevada
Sportspeople from Las Vegas
National Premier Soccer League players
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Sort of Revolution is the fourth album of original studio material from British musician Fink, also known as Fin Greenall. It was released on 25 May 2009, on the Ninja Tune independent record label.
Track listing
Personnel
Fink
Fin Greenall – vocals, acoustic guitar, Vox (tracks 1, 3), electric guitar (4), percussion (5, 6), electric piano (6), synthesizer (6), keyboards (9)
Guy Whittaker – bass (exc. 7), effects (9)
Tim Thornton – drums (exc. 3, 7), effects (9)
Additional musicians
Blair Mackichan – piano (1, 5, 6), Wurlitzer organ (6)
John Legend – piano (2)
Ellie Wyatt – string arrangement (2)
Son of Dave – harmonica (8)
Andrea Triana – backing vocals (10)
Technical personnel
Produced by Fin Greenall
Recorded by Fin Greenall and Guy Whittaker at 7Dials Studios, Brighton, except
the piano on "Move on Me" recorded by Anthony "Rocky" Gallo at The Cutting Room, New York City, and
the acoustic percussion on "See It All" recorded by Kieron Menzies at Track Record, Los Angeles.
Mixed by Fin Greenall at 7Dials Studios, Brighton
Mastered by Kevin Metcalfe at The Soundmasters, London
Artwork by Kate O'Connor
Design by Panda Yoghurt
Chart performance
References
External links
Live video of "sort of revolution" at Intimepop.com
2009 albums
Fink (singer) albums
Ninja Tune albums
Gullett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Don Gullett (born 1951), American baseball player
Henry Gullett (1878–1940), Australian journalist and politician
Henry Gullett (New South Wales politician) (1837–1914), Australian journalist and politician
Jo Gullett (1914–1999), Australian soldier, politician, diplomat and journalist
Joseph Gullett, American politician in Georgia
Lucy Gullett, (1876–1949), Australian medical practitioner and philanthropist
William W. Gullett (1922–2015), first County Executive of Prince George's County, Maryland, US
See also
Benjamin D. Gullett House, historic structure in Eutaw, Alabama
Gallet (disambiguation)
Gillet
Gillett (disambiguation)
Gillette (disambiguation)
Goulet (disambiguation)
Guillet
Gullit
Valkenier or Valkeniers is a surname. Notable people by that name include:
Elizabeth Kridl Valkenier (born 1926) is a Polish-American art historian.
Bruno Valkeniers (born 1955) is a Flemish business person.
Jef Valkeniers (born 1932) is a physician-neuropsychiatrist and a Flemish politician.
Scepsis or Skepsis () was an ancient settlement in the Troad, Asia Minor that is at the present site of the village of Kurşunlutepe, near the town of Bayramiç in Turkey. The settlement is notable for being the location where the famous library of Aristotle was kept before being moved to Pergamum and Alexandria. It was also home to Metrodorus of Scepsis and Demetrius of Scepsis.
History
The city of Scepsis was situated in two different, non-contemporary sites on Mount Ida, Palea-Scepsis and the settlement of Scepsis proper. Strabo writes that Anaximenes of Lampsacus said that Miletus colonized the place.
Palea-Scepsis
Palea-Scepsis (Old Scepsis) is notable for the native tradition that it was once the "capital of Aeneas's dominions." It was situated near the source of the Aesepus, high up on Mount Ida. William Vaux was able to note in 1877 that a village in the neighborhood still bore the name of Eski Skisepje, which in Turkish corresponds to "Palea-Scepsis."
Dr. Andreas David Mordtmann, the discoverer of the settlement, is quoted on their discovery by Dr. Archibald Ross Colquhoun in a reference by Vaux.
The city was given to Themistocles by Artaxerxes I of Persia in order to provide them with clothes.
Scepsis
The later Scepsis was about sixty stadia (7.5 miles) lower down Mount Ida from Palae-Scepsis. Its acropolis occupied the hill north of the modern village of Kurşuntepe. This later town of Scepsis is memorable for the discovery there, during the time of Sulla, of the works of Aristotle and Theophrastus, which had been buried by the illiterate relations of one Neleus (a pupil of Aristotle and friend of Theophrastus), so that they would not be carried off by Attalus I, who was then founding the Library of Pergamum.
Several times in its history, the citizens of Scepsis were forced to move elsewhere. When citizens of surrounding cities were forced to migrate to Troy, citizens of Scepsis were also forced to relocate. The city was again evacuated while the residents of surrounding cities were made to move to Alexandria Troas.
Certain traditions hold that Saint Cornelius the Centurion, the first Pagan convert to Christianity, became the first bishop of Scepsis in the early days of Christianity. Scepsis remains a titular see in the Roman Catholic Church.
Notable people
Demetrius of Scepsis, a Greek grammarian
Metrodorus of Scepsis, they were famous for the excellence of their memory.
Neleus of Scepsis, a disciple of Aristotle and Theophrastus
Meidias, tyrant of Scepsis
Notes and references
Archaeological sites in the Marmara Region
Ancient Greek archaeological sites in Turkey
Cities in ancient Troad
Former populated places in Turkey
Populated places in ancient Troad
Populated places in ancient Mysia
Geography of Çanakkale Province
History of Çanakkale Province
Tourist attractions in Çanakkale Province
Catholic titular sees in Asia
Whau Ward is an Auckland Council ward which elects one councillor and covers the Whau Local Board. The current councillor is Tracy Mulholland.
Demographics
Whau ward covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Whau ward had a population of 79,356 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 6,762 people (9.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 10,185 people (14.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 24,675 households, comprising 39,639 males and 39,717 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.0 males per female. The median age was 34.4 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 15,000 people (18.9%) aged under 15 years, 18,480 (23.3%) aged 15 to 29, 36,252 (45.7%) aged 30 to 64, and 9,624 (12.1%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 40.4% European/Pākehā, 9.9% Māori, 18.7% Pacific peoples, 40.3% Asian, and 3.9% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 47.1, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 36.5% had no religion, 36.5% were Christian, 0.6% had Māori religious beliefs, 10.7% were Hindu, 5.6% were Muslim, 2.3% were Buddhist and 2.6% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 18,240 (28.3%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 9,210 (14.3%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $29,600, compared with $31,800 nationally. 9,174 people (14.3%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 32,553 (50.6%) people were employed full-time, 8,247 (12.8%) were part-time, and 2,871 (4.5%) were unemployed.
Councillors
References
Wards of the Auckland Region
Peleriyeh (, also Romanized as Pelerīyeh) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Salehabad (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād; also known as Sālhābād) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 104 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Daniel William "Danny" Blanchett (born 6 May 1987) is an English semi-professional footballer who last played as a defender for Hayes & Yeading United.
Career
Early career
Born in Wembley, London, Blanchett started their career with the Queens Park Rangers youth system, where they played from 2002 to 2004. They trialled with Wigan Athletic and Wycombe Wanderers before signing for Isthmian League Premier Division Northwood at the start of the 2004–05 season. After failing to make any appearances they joined Isthmian League Premier Division rivals Hendon in December 2004, making seven appearances before the end of the season.
Blanchett signed for Harrow Borough in the summer of 2005, and having scored 1 goal in 33 appearances signed for Cambridge City of the Conference South on 3 March 2006. However, they returned to Harrow as injury cover later in the same month, making one appearance during a loan spell. They finished 2005–06 with 10 appearances and 1 goal for City.
They were a regular for City throughout 2006–07, however a challenge by a Newport County player cracked Blanchett's calcaneus. Spending months on the sidelines, they finally returned to fitness after some light therapy sessions.
Peterborough United
Blanchett had a two-week trial at Liverpool starting in February 2007 and the Premier League club considered a transfer for the player, who was rated between £25,000 and £50,000. Having made 24 appearances for City in 2006–07, Blanchett was signed by League Two club Peterborough United for an undisclosed fee on 19 March 2007. Their debut came on 9 April 2007 as an 89th-minute substitute for George Boyd in a 2–0 home win over Mansfield Town. Their first goal for the club came on their third appearance with a 22-yard shot, playing the second half of a 3–3 home draw with Rochdale on 5 May 2007.
The 2007–08 season saw them make their first start for the club, in a 9 October 2007 Football League Trophy tie with Milton Keynes Dons at Stadium mk. Milton Keynes won 3–1. They made their first league start against Macclesfield Town on 23 February 2008. They were deputising for Jamie Day, who had injured their back before kick-off, Peterborough winning 3–0. Indeed, they made just two appearances for the promotion-winning League Two team that season and was placed on the transfer list in May 2008. They made just three League One appearance and also played one FA Cup match in 2008–09, before again being transfer listed in May 2009.
In July 2009, they joined Port Vale for pre-season training. They played 90 minutes for Vale in what turned out to be a pre-season friendly defeat, Vale losing 1–0 to Biddulph Victoria of the Midland Football Alliance. On 7 August 2009, Blanchett joined Conference Premier club Stevenage Borough on a one-month loan, but did not make any first-team appearances. Blanchett joined League Two club Herefords United on 17 September 2009 on loan, making their debut two days later in a 2–0 victory at home to Accrington Stanley. They were played out of position at centre-back, but following the game said "Centre-back isn't my usual position – I've played left back all my life – but I find it quite comfortable". They stayed on loan with Hereford until December 2010, making 16 appearances.
In January 2010, they joined Conference Premier club AFC Wimbledon on loan until the end of the season. They finished the loan with 12 appearances and after returning to Peterborough was released on 30 April 2010.
Crewe Alexandra
They signed a one-year contract with League Two club Crewe Alexandra on 23 July 2010 after a successful trial. Despite making 44 appearances in 2010–11, they were released by Crewe on 12 May 2011.
Burton Albion
Following their release by Crewe, Blanchett began training with Championship club Derby County at the start of July 2011. They signed for Burton Albion of League Two on 30 July 2011 on a one-year contract. They were released on 8 May 2012 after making 16 appearances in 2011–12.
York City
Blanchett signed for newly promoted League Two club York Cities on 2 July 2012 on a one-year contract. They made their debut in York's 2–2 draw away to Morecambe on 21 August 2012. Having made four appearances for York, they were released by the club on 24 January 2013 after their contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
Later career
On 30 January 2013, Blanchett returned to Cambridge City, now playing in the Southern League Premier Division, on non-contract terms for the remainder of 2012–13.
Blanchett signed for Conference South club Havant & Waterlooville on 26 June 2013.
On 27 May 2016, Blanchett become new manager Rod Stringer's first recruit, alongside fellow former Havant & Waterlooville teammate Shamir Mullings, for National League South club Chelmsford City. After departing Chelmsford at the end of the season, Blanchett signed for Hayes & Yeading United ahead of the 2017–18 season. After starting in Hayes' first seven games in all competitions of the season, Blanchett left the club.
Career statistics
References
External links
Danny Blanchett profile at the official Chelmsford City F.C. website
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Wembley
English footballers
Association football defenders
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Northwood F.C. players
Hendon F.C. players
Harrow Borough F.C. players
Cambridge City F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
AFC Wimbledon players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Burton Albion F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Havant & Waterlooville F.C. players
Chelmsford City F.C. players
Hayes & Yeading United F.C. players
Isthmian League players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
The Ministry of Highways is divided into the Operations, Policy and Programs, and Corporate Services Divisions and the Communications Branch. The ministry is the employer of over 1,476 employees diversified amongst 105 communities in Saskatchewan. The current Minister of Highways and Infrastructure is Fred Bradshaw.
Operations Division
The Operation Division has the responsibility of maintaining of asphalt concrete pavements, of granular pavements, of thin membrane surface (TMS) highways, of gravel highways, of ice roads, bridges, large culverts, 12 ferries, one barge and 17 northern airports. Operational maintenance includes surface repair activities like crack filling, sealing, and patching; snow and ice control; pavement marking; signing; and ferry operations. Along with engineering, construction and design of the provincial road network, the operations division provides regulations, inspections and advice to the rural municipalities (R.M.) for the municipal road network.
Ferries
All ferries in Saskatchewan are operated by the Government of Saskatchewan and, with the exception of the Wollaston Barge Ferry, are toll free. All are seasonal, with ferries generally operating from mid-April to mid-November, depending on ice conditions. The ferries operated include:
Cecil Ferry
Clarkboro Ferry
Estuary Ferry
Fenton Ferry
Hague Ferry
Lancer Ferry
Lemsford Ferry
Paynton Ferry
Riverhurst Ferry
St. Laurent Ferry
Weldon Ferry
Wingard Ferry
Wollaston Barge Ferry
History
During the term of office for Eiling Kramer, 1972–1980, the Provincial Highway received extensive funding and paving for the entire system neared completion. Saskatchewan Highway 11 was restructured under the term of office of David Boldt, Minister 1966-1971.
John T. Douglas, during their term of office 1944-1960 established the Saskatchewan Transportation Company as a Crown Corporation of the government. Alan Carl Stewart, Minister of Highways 1929-1934, allocated $20 million for highway construction in Saskatchewan. George Spence, Minister of Highways 1927-1929, was responsible for the initiation of numbering Saskatchewan highways.
The first Board of Highways Commissioners was appointed by the provincial government in 1912, and the first Department of Highways was established in 1917. On September 1, 1934, the name was changed from the Department of Highways to the Department of Highways and Transportation. Effective November 21, 2007 the Department of Highways and Transportation became the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure.
Policy and Programs Division
The Policy and Programs Division works with other legislative and regulatory agencies to ensure an optimal transportation network is provided via road, rail, air, and marine.
Corporate Services Division
Corporate Services Division is responsible for the budgeting, finances, and forecasting for the needs of the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure.
Communications Branch
The Communications Branch of the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure maintains the news releases, safety awareness and education programs.
Saskatchewan Highway Patrol
The 14 detachments operate six border and seven interiors weigh stations, three 24-hour self-weigh decks and one Mobile Vehicle Inspection Station. The head office regulates their operations in compliance with the Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance and the Canadian Council Motor Transport Administrators. They are a member of the Saskatchewan Protection and Response Team (PRT) responsible for reducing rural crime throughout the province.
Area Transportation Planning Support Program
Area Transportation Planning (ATP) Support Program analyzes transportation in regional areas to provide funding for regional needs. Committees which comprise representatives from the local rural and urban municipalities, Regional Economic Development Authorities (REDA), Saskatchewan Urban Municipalities Association, Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities, and Highways and Infrastructure analyze local needs and the effects of the increased use of grain via truck transportation and the decreased use of rail transport is having on road infrastructure.
There are currently 9 committees which comprise the majority of Saskatchewan except for an area near La Ronge and Southend.
Athabasica Basin Transportation Planning Committee
North North West Transportation Planning Committee
North North East Transportation Planning Committee
West Central Transportation Planning Committee
Central Transportation Planning Committee
North East Area Transportation Planning Committee
East Central Transportation Planning Committee
South East Transportation Planning Committee
South Central Transportation Planning Committee
Southwest Transportation Planning Committee
The Strategic Partnership Program
The Strategic Partnership Program analyzes low traffic volume thin membrane surface highways working with rural municipalities and First Nation agencies to provide an effective and operational traffic flow between thin membrane surface highways and the provincial network.
Community Airport Partnership
Community Airport Partnership (CAP) provides a mandate to the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure to maintain and assist southern airport infrastructure.
Adopt-A-Highway Program
Groups or individuals may sponsor a stretch of highway to pick up litter and maintain highway appearances.
Past ministers
Statistics
See also
Roads in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial highways
Numbered highways in Canada
Transportation in Saskatchewan
References
External links
Appendix A, Long-Term Pavement Performance Maintenance and Rehabilitation Data Collection Guide, FHWA-HRT-06-068 - LTPP - Pavements - FHWA
Saskatchewan's Asset Management Cycle Authors: Josh Safronetz, M
Submission to the Canada Transportation Act Review Panel
Saskatchewan
Highways And Infrastructure
Transport in Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan, Highways And Infrastructure
Saskatchewan, Highways And Infrastructure
Transport organizations based in Canada
Xiling () is a district of Yichang, Hubei, People's Republic of China. It includes the central part of Yichang's urban area, on the left (northwestern) bank of the Yangtze River.
History
In September 1949, the main part of the territory of modern-day Xiling was included in City Government Districts Two and Three (). Kangzhuang Road (), Fusui Road () and Huaiyuan Road () were part of District One (). In August 1950, these districts were eliminated and the city was governed by the police offices and resident committees.
In August 1952, the territory of modern-day Xiling District was divided amongst Yichang City People's Government's Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Subdistrict Government Committees (). In March 1953, these committees were renamed as City Government Organ Subdistrict Offices (). In April 1956, these areas were named Binjianglu ("Riverfront Road") Subdistrict Office (), Jiefanglu ("Liberation Road") Subdistrict Office (), Xueyuanjie ("School Street") Subdistrict Office (), and Guloujie ("Drum Tower Street") Subdistrict Office () respectively.
In May 1960, the Yichang government decided to make the five then-existing subdistricts () into three people's communes (). Binjianglu Subdistrict Office, Jiefanglu Subdistrict Office and Xueyuanjie Subdistrict Office were united into Jiefang ("Liberation") People's Commune (). Guloujie Subdistrict Office became Xiling People's Commune (). Jiefang People's Commune consisted of five subcommunes (): Hepingli (), Jiefanglu ("Liberation Road") (), Xueyuanjie ("School Street") (), Shiweijiguan (), and Yunjilu (). Xiling People's Commune consisted of four subcommunes: Minzhu ("Democracy") (), Xiling (), Sanxia ("Three Gorges") () and Xiba ().
In 1967, Xiling People's Commune was renamed as Yichang City Dongfanghong ("The East is Red") People's Commune ().
In May 1968, the Yichang Area Revolutionary Committee () approved the creation of Yichang City Jiefang Commune Committee () and Yichang City Dongfanghong Commune Committee ().
In August 1980, the Yichang City Revolutionary Committee () made Yichang City Dongfanghong People's Commune into Xiling Subdistrict and Yichang City Jiefang Renmin People's Commune into Yunji Subdistrict. Gezhouba Subdistrict and Yemingzhu Subdistrict came under the joint administration of Yichang and the Gezhouba Engineering Office ().
In an act of the State Council of the People's Republic of China () and the government of Hubei province () () taken on December 13, 1986 and carried out in the following year, Xiling District, Wujiagang District and Dianjun District were officially established as districts.
On April 3, 1987, Xiling District Preliminary Group ( was created. On June 2, 1987, the district's National People's Congress, Government, and Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Preparation Groups () were created. On June 3, 1987, the Yichang City Xiling District Community Party Committee ( was created. On November 18, 1987, Xiling District held its first National People's Congress meeting () and selected the first government for Xiling District.
As of 1996, Xiling District had an area of 89.8 km2, a population of 344,000 and was made up of seven subdistricts, one township and one economic development zone including the now-disbanded Gulou Subdistrict ().
As of the Fifth National Population Census of the People's Republic of China in 2000, Xiling District had a population of 427,299 and was made up of seven subdistricts, one township, one economic development zone and one scenic area.
As of the end of 2004, Xiling District was made up of six subdistricts (not including Gulou Subdistrict) and one township which were further divided into eighty-two residential communities and eleven villages.
As of the Sixth National Population Census of the People's Republic of China in 2010, Xiling District had a population of 512,074 and was made up of six subdistricts, one township, one economic development zone and one scenic area.
Administrative divisions
The district administers 9 subdistricts and 1 township:
Subdistricts:
Xiling Subdistrict (), Xueyuan Subdistrict (), Yunji Subdistrict (), Xiba Subdistrict (), Gezhouba Subdistrict (), Yemingzhu Subdistrict (), Dongyuan Subdistrict (), Nanyuan Subdistrict (), Beiyuan Subdistrict ()
The only township is Yaowan Township ()
Other area:
Xiakou Scenic Area ()
References
External links
Official website of Xiling District Government
County-level divisions of Hubei
Geography of Yichang
Ocean (in russian: Океан) is an educational camp for children and young people funded by the government of the Russian Federation. Ocean is an educational center for children and young people between 11 and 17 years old.
Location
Ocean is located 20 kilometers away from the harbour city of Vladivostok, in the Russian Far East, near the shores of the Sea of Japan, the annual number of visitors exceeds 13,500 people. Together with the Artek and Orlyonok camps, it is one of the most important youth centers in Russia.
History
On May 12, 1972, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) decided to establish a pioneer camp for young people of the following regions: The Ural Mountains, Siberia, the Russian Far East and the Russian Arctic. In the year 1974, the construction of the Vladimir Lenin pioneer organization camp began in a forest near the city of Vladivostok. The camp construction project was designed by the architect Igor Borisovich Marikov.
References
Young Pioneer camps
Yefimovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 66 as of 2002.
Geography
Yefimovskaya is located 27 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhnekokshengsky Pogost is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Spatzenhausen is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
Faraoani () is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Faraoani and Valea Mare (Nagypatak).
On the eastern side of the commune is the Faraoani railway station, serving the Căile Ferate Române Line 500 that runs from Bucharest to Focșani, Bacău, and on north to the Ukraininan border.
At the 2002 census, 99.1% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians and 0.8% Csangos. 99.4% were Roman Catholic and 0.6% Romanian Orthodox.
Natives
Anton Coșa
Ioan Duma
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Beaudry Leman (January 2, 1878 - 1951) was a Canadian civil engineer, politician and banker. They were the third mayor of Shawinigan Falls, Quebec (1902-1908). They were a general manager of the Banque d'Hochelaga (1914-1924) and general manager (1924-1933) and president (1934-1947) of the Banque Canadienne Nationale.
Biography
Engineering
Jean-Baptiste-Beaudry Leman was born in 1878 in Montreal, the son of Joseph Leman (1842-1885), physician, and Polyxène Beaudry (1842-1917). From 1895 to 1899, they studied at université catholique de Lille, where they obtained the title of civil engineer. Back in Montreal in 1899, they studied one year at McGill University and obtained the diploma of engineer. In 1900, they became an engineer with the Shawinigan Water & Power Company. They moved to Shawinigan Falls in 1900. They took part in the installation of the power plant and of the distribution network of the SW&P.
In 1902, Leman was elected mayor of the City of Shawinigan Falls in a close contest, winning only by a single ballot against J.A. Frigon. Leman was reelected as mayor in 1904 and in 1906. In 1906, they left the Shawinigan Water & Power Company and became involved in the construction of the Saint Maurice Valley railroad. In 1907, they left Shawinigan Falls and resigned as mayor, but their resignation became official in 1908.
in 1907, they moved to Montreal, where they were involved in construction works such as canalization and hydroelectric works.
Banking
On May 12, 1908, Beaudry Leman married Caroline Béique, daughter of Frédéric Liguori Béique, one of the founders of the Banque d'Hochelaga.
In 1912, Leman entered in the service of the Banque d'Hochelaga, initially as superintendent of the bank's branches. In 1914, they were appointed general manager of the bank. In 1924, when the Banque d'Hochelaga and the Banque Nationale merged to form the Banque Canadienne Nationale, Leman became general manager of the merged bank, and they held that position until 1933. In 1933, Leman became vice-president of the Banque Canadienne Nationale, and in 1934 they became the president of the bank, holding that position until 1947. In 1947, they became chairperson of the board.
Leman was appointed as a member of several advisory committees by the federal government. They were a member of the advisory committee on the canalisation of the St. Lawrence River. In 1931–1932, they were a member of the Royal Commission to Inquire into Railways and Transportation in Canada. In 1933, they were a member of the Royal Commission on Banking and Currency in Canada, created by the Bennett government. Three of the five members of the commission recommended the creation of the Bank of Canada, although Beaudry Leman was one of the two minority members opposed to that creation.
They were director of many companies, including Shawinigan Water & Power, Quebec Power, Canada Steamship Lines, Fairchild Aircraft, Ogilvie Flour Mills, Delaware & Hudson Railway Corp., Montreal Tramways, Provincial Transport Co., Canadian Airways Ltd, Consolidated Bakeries, and Crédit Foncier Franco Canadien. They were vice-president of Allied War Supplies Ltd.
They died in 1951 and was entombed at the Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery in Montreal.
Avenue Beaudry-Leman, in the Sainte-Croix neighborhood in Shawinigan, was named to honor him.
The Jean-Baptiste-Beaudry-Leman house, built in 1936, is located in the Outremont neighbourhood in Montreal. It was one of the first international-style houses built in Montreal.
Brochures
Written versions of some of Beaudry Leman's speeches were published as brochures.
Les institutions de crédit, Bibliothèque de l'Action française, 1920, 15 p.
Trois chapitres d'histoire monétaire canadienne, 1940, 6 p.
[Comments on the] Rapport Rowell-Sirois, 1941, 17 p.
Commentaires sur l'économie de guerre, 1942, 15 p.
Comments arising from the revision of the Bank Act, 1944, 19 p.
Hier et demain, Recueil de causeries, Banque canadienne nationale, 1952, 242 p.
Footnotes
1878 births
1951 deaths
McGill University Faculty of Engineering alumni
Canadian engineers
Mayors of Shawinigan
Canadian bank presidents
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Burials at Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery
Aslan ( or ) is a major character in C. S. Lewis's The Chronicles of Narnia series. Unlike any other character, they appear in all seven chronicles of the series. Aslan is depicted as a talking lion, and is described as the King of Beasts, the son of the Emperor-Over-the-Sea, and the King above all High Kings in Narnia.
C.S. Lewis often capitalizes the word lion in reference to Aslan since they parallel Jesus as the "Lion of Judah" in Christian theology. The word aslan means "lion" in Turkish.
Role in The Chronicles of Narnia
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
Aslan is first mentioned by Mr. Beaver when the Pevensie children arrive in Narnia.  They are described by Mr. Beaver as being the true king of Narnia who has returned to help the Pevensies to free Narnia of the White Witch's rule.
Mr and Mrs. Beaver guides Peter, Susan and Lucy to the stone table to meet Aslan. They inform Aslan that Edmund has betrayed them by joining the White Witch. Aslan sends some of their followers to rescue Edmund. The next day, Aslan is approached by the White Witch who demands their right to kill Edmund, as the deep magic states that all traitors belong to them Aslan discusses the matter in private with the Witch, persuading them to release Edmund.
That same night, Aslan travels to the stone table with Susan and Lucy. The Witch and their followers bind Aslan to the stone table - it is revealed that Aslan had agreed to be killed to save Edmund. However, due to a deeper magic (which the Witch was unaware of), Aslan is brought back to life and manages to rescue their followers who have been turned to stone by the Witch. They bring their followers to the battle where they kill the Witch himself, ending their tyranny once and for all.
Aslan is present at the coronation of the four Pevensie children. They then leaves to attend to other duties with Mr. Beaver convincing the Pevensie children that they will be coming and going.
Prince Caspian
The Pevensies are summoned into Narnia from their world to help Caspian—the rightful King of Narnia—overthrow their usurping Uncle Miraz and restore freedom to the land. When they get lost in the forest, Aslan calls Lucy to lead their siblings to him; some obey more faithfully than others. Aslan helps Peter, Edmund, and Trumpkin the Dwarf to come to Caspian's aid in time to thwart an attempt on their life. Aslan then leads an army of awakened Trees and Maenads to victory against Miraz's Telmarine occupation. They later crowns Caspian as King and creates a door whereby surviving Telmarines can leave the Narnian world if they so choose.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
Edmund and Lucy Pevensie are transported to the eastern ocean of the Narnian world along with their cousin, the recalcitrant Eustace, where they join King Caspian on a seafaring journey. When Eustace falls under an enchantment and becomes a dragon, Aslan delivers them from the enchantment. Aslan appears at various points of the journey to provide guidance. When they reach the world's end, Aslan appears as a lamb before returning to their usual form. They show Reepicheep (a Talking Mouse) the way to their country.
The Silver Chair
Aslan brings Eustace and their classmate Jill to Narnia. They explain to Jill that they and Eustace are charged with the quest of finding King Caspian's son, Prince Rilian (who had disappeared years before), and gives them four Signs to guide them on their quest. Aslan makes no further appearances until the end of the story, but their Signs prove central to the successful quest. When they return Eustace and Jill to their world, Aslan shows themselves to the bullies at their school to frighten them.
The Horse and their Boy
Aslan's influence is at first hidden from the characters. Prior to the story's opening, they delivered the infant Prince Cor of Archenland from their enemies to a Calormene fisherman who named them Shasta. At one point in the book, Aslan—pretending to be a common "witless" lion—chases Shasta and the talking horse Bree so that they will meet Aravis and Hwin, who become their traveling companions. They comfort Shasta in the form of a cat and defends them as they sleep; later, they chase Shasta and the others so that they will reach Archenland in time to warn that nation of the impending attack of Prince Rabadash of Calormen. After Rabadash is defeated, Aslan turns them into a donkey as punishment.
The Magician's Nephew
This book tells the story of Aslan's creation of Narnia, their crowning of its first King and Queen, and their gift of the power of speech to some of the animals. Aslan tells the two main characters—Digory Kirke and Polly Plummer—that the evil Jadis (later to become the White Witch) will pose a great threat to the Narnians. Aslan charges Digory and Polly with a quest to acquire a magic apple that, when planted, will protect Narnia from Jadis.
The Last Battle
Though Shift the Ape and the other villains act in their name (dressing the naïve donkey Puzzle in a lion-skin), Aslan themselves only appears late in the story in a paradise entered through a stable door. They bring Narnia to an end, and leads into their own country such of its inhabitants who, coming to the Stable Door as the world ends, look into their face and love him, some to their own surprise. At the end of the book, they inform the other characters that "all of you are—as you used to call it in the Shadowlands—dead", and that the afterlife in which they now find themselves is the true reality as they go "further up and further in".
Influences
Christian interpretation
Although Aslan can be read as an original character, parallels exist with Christ. According to the author, Aslan is not an allegorical portrayal of Christ, but rather a suppositional incarnation of Christ Himself:
In one of their last letters, Lewis wrote, "Since Narnia is a world of Talking Beasts, I thought They [Christ] would become a Talking Beast there, as They became a man here. I pictured Him becoming a lion there because (a) the lion is supposed to be the king of beasts; (b) Christ is called "The Lion of Judah" in the Bible; (c) I'd been having strange dreams about lions when I began writing the work."
The similarity between the death and resurrection of Aslan and the death and resurrection of Jesus has been noted; one author has noted that like Jesus, Aslan was ridiculed before their death, mourned, and then discovered to be absent from the place where their body had been laid. In this interpretation, the girls Susan and Lucy who witness Aslan's death, mourn them and witness their resurrection would stand for The Three Marys of Christian tradition.
Aslan's words to the Calormene in The Last Battle ("I take to me the services which thou hast done to [the false god]... if any man swear by [him] and keep their oath for the oath's sake, it is by [Aslan] that they have truly sworn, though they know it not, and it is I who reward him"), ratifying the good deeds the latter did even in service to a false god, have been the subject of controversy because they implicitly endorse inclusivism.
Adaptations
In the 1967 TV serial, Aslan was portrayed by Bernard Kay.
In the 1979 animated film, Aslan was voiced by Stephen Thorne, who later voiced Aslan in all seven of the BBC Radio 4 Tales of Narnia series.
In the BBC television adaptations of The Chronicles of Narnia Aslan was performed by Ailsa Berk and William Todd-Jones and voiced by Ronald Pickup.
In the Focus on the Family Radio Theatre dramatisations, Aslan was portrayed by David Suchet.
In the 2005 film, The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, the CGI Aslan is voiced by Liam Neeson. Neeson returned to voice the character in the sequel, The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian in 2008, and the third film in the series, The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader in 2010.
References
External links
Imdb.com: Aslan
SparkNotes reference to the meaning of Aslan's death
"Aslan is still on the move" Christianity Today editorial, 6 August 2001.
Lions in literature
Fictional lions
Fictional kings
Fictional gods
Fiction about God
Talking animals in fiction
Cultural depictions of Jesus
Christ figures in fiction
The Chronicles of Narnia characters
Kings and Queens of Narnia
Literary characters introduced in 1950
Joseph Lo Bianco AM (born 7 July 1953) is Professor of Language and Literacy Education at the Melbourne Graduate School of Education, University of Melbourne, and serves as Past President of the Australian Academy of the Humanities (the first educator elected to this role). From 2011–2017 they designed, led and implemented a 6-year, 3-country language and peace building initiative for UNICEF in Malaysia, Myanmar and Thailand. They have previously worked on peace building activities in Sri Lanka in the late 1990s, and in several other settings.  They are a language planning specialist, recognised for their work on combining practical problem-solving language policy with academic study of language problems. They have published extensively on bilingual education, English as a second/additional language, peace building and communication, multiculturalism and intercultural education, Asian studies, Italian language teaching and the revitalisation of indigenous and immigrant community languages.
Biography
Professor Lo Bianco wrote Australia's National Policy on Languages in 1987, the first multilingual national language policy in an English speaking country and was Chief executive of the National Languages and Literacy Institute of Australia until 2002.
They have advised on language, culture and literacy education, and on the integration of indigenous and immigrant children into mainstream schools, reconciliation and peace through education, in many countries, including Canada, Ireland, Italy, Papua New Guinea, Singapore, Slovenia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Timor Leste, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam, among others.
From 2011–2017 they served as research advisor for LUCIDE, a European Commission project on Languages in Urban Communities – Integration and Diversity for Europe, conducting large scale 4-year research on multilingualism at the municipal level in 12 European cities.
In January 2014 they commenced in an academic advisory role with the National Research Centre for Foreign Language Education at Beijing Foreign Studies University which has included providing advice to the State Language Commission of China and supporting academic research initiatives.
Professor Lo Bianco supervises PhD research projects and teaches courses in language planning, and supports international research projects in several countries on language and culture studies, language planning and multiculturalism/intercultural education. Their language policy advising activity includes: language services for the Sydney Olympic Games, a report which was subsequently used to support planning of language services at the Athens and London Games; assistance to the government of Ireland to produce a 20-year strategy to support the vitality of Irish; support on basic education, literacy and language policy in South Africa, Hawaii, Italy, Alberta (Canada), Western Samoa and other Pacific Island countries; preparation of a National Language Education plan for the Government of Sri Lanka, 1999, under World Bank financing; and commissioned support for language policy in Scotland and Northern Ireland, among other international collaboration activities.
National Policy on Languages
The National Policy on Languages (NPL) was issued by the Australian Government Publishing Service (AGPS) in March 1987. It was the first comprehensive national language policy in Australia. On 26 April 1987 the Prime Minister announced the government's endorsement of the Policy.
The National Policy on Languages was adopted as a national plan to cover all of Australia's language needs and interests (English and English literacy, English as a second and foreign language and languages other than English, including Indigenous language rights, immigrant and foreign languages) as well as language services (research, translating and interpreting, public media).
One of its initiatives was for the co-ordination of research activity nationally, including the creation of the National Languages and Literacy Institute of Australia and its 32 constituent research centres across Australia. The aim of the NLLIA was to embed applied linguistics research into mainstream academic activity.
In its 1990 report to the International Conference on Education the Australian Department of Employment, Education and Training described the NPL as ".... one of the most influential documents in Australian education."
Today the NPL is often cited as an example of comprehensive and co-ordinated language planning.
Books and major reports
Mekonnen Alemu Gebre Yohannes (2021), author, contributors and editors, Joseph Lo Bianco and Joy Peyton Kreeft, Language Planning in Ethiopia: A Study of the Interplay and Tensions Between Language Policy and Practices in the Tigray Region, Springer.
Lo Bianco, J. and Aronin, L., (2020), Dominant Language Constellations: A Perspective on Present-day Multilingualism. Dordrecht, NL: Springer. CO-AUTHORED AND EDITED BOOK
Lo Bianco, J. (2019). Securing the promise: Sustaining, deepening and extending language education for all Victorians. Melbourne: Government of Victoria Department of Education and Training.
Lo Bianco, J. (2019). Pharos: Revitalising Modern Greek. Melbourne: Modern Greek Teacher's Association of Victoria.
Lo Bianco, J. (2019). Bilingual Education and Second Language Acquisition in Early Childhood Education: Synthesis of Best Evidence from Research and Practice. Melbourne: Government of Victoria Department of Education and Training.
Lo Bianco, J. (2017). Multilingualism in Education: Equity and Social Cohesion: Considerations for TESOL. In Summit on the Future of the TESOL Profession. Athens, Greece: TESOL.
Lo Bianco, J. (2016). UNICEF EAPRO – Suggestions for UNICEF EAPRO Strategy (2016–2020) on Multilingual Education and Social Cohesion: The University of Melbourne.
Lo Bianco, J. (2016). Myanmar Country Report: Language, Education and Social Cohesion (LESC) Initiative. UNICEF.
Lo Bianco, J. (2016). Malaysia Country Report: Language, Education and Social Cohesion (LESC) Initiative. UNICEF.
Lo Bianco, J. (2016). Synthesis Report: Language, Education and Social Cohesion (LESC) Initiative. UNICEF.
Lo Bianco, J., & Bal, A. (Eds.) (2016). Learning from Difference: Comparative Accounts of Multicultural Education. New York: Springer.
Lo Bianco, J., Orton, J., & Yihong, G. (Eds.). (2009). China and English: Globalisation and the dilemmas of identity. Clevedon, UK: Multilingual Matters. Lo Bianco, J., & Slaughter, Y. (2009). Second Languages and Australian Schooling. Melbourne, Victoria: Australian Council for Educational Research.
Lo Bianco, J., & Crozet, C. (Eds.). (2003). Teaching Invisible Culture: Classroom Practice and Theory. Language Australia Publications.
Lo Bianco, J. (2002). Voices from Phnom Penh. Development & Language: Global Influences & Local Effects. Melbourne: Language Australia Publications.
Lo Bianco, J. (2000). Games Talk: Language Planning for Sydney 2000. A legacy to the Olympic movement. Melbourne: Language Australia Publications.
Lo Bianco, J., Liddicoat, A. J., & Crozet, C. (Eds.). (1999). Striving for the Third Place: Intercultural Competence through Language Education. Language Australia.
Lo Bianco, J., & Freebody, P. (1997). Australian literacies: informing national policy on literacy education. Victoria: Languages Australia.
Lo Bianco, J. (1987). National Policy on Languages. Australian Government Publishing Service
Select journal articles and book chapters
Ideologies of sign language and their repercussions in language policy In Maartje De Meulder and Kristin Snoddon (Eds) Ideologies in Sign Language Vitality and Revitalisation. Special Issue of Language and Communication d... https://doi.org/10.1016/j.langcom.2020.09.002 (doi: 10.1016/j.langcom.2020.09.002)
Yasukawa, Keiko and Lo Bianco, J. (2020), A Literacy and Numeracy Policy for Adult Australians: a position paper from the Australian Council for Adult Literacy. ACAL Sydney, October, 2020 (with Pamela Osmond and Vanessa Iles for the Australian Council for Adult Literacy).
Lo Bianco, Joseph (2020 online, 2021 print) The Discourse of the Edge: Marginal Advantage, Positioning and Linguistic Entrepreneurship. Language, Education and Linguistic Entrepreneurship: Critical Perspectives. 39, Multilingua Special Issue Linguistic Entrepreneurship, editors Peter De Costa, Lionel Wee, Joseph Park, https://doi.org/10.1515/multi-2020-0188
Lo Bianco, J. (2019). Language planning and policies for bilingualism. In A. De Houwer & L. Ortega (Eds.), The Cambridge handbook of bilingualism (pp. 152–172). Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.
Oldfield, J and Lo Bianco, J. (2019). A long unfinished struggle: Literacy education and Indigenous cultural and language rights. To appear in J. Rennie & H. Harper (Eds.), Literacy education and indigenous Australians: Theory, research and practice. Berlin, Germany: Springer.
Slaughter, Y., Lo Bianco, J., Aliani, R., Cross., and Hajek, J. (2019). Language programming in rural and regional Victoria: Making space for local viewpoints in policy development, Australian Review of Applied Linguistics.
Lo Bianco, J. (2019). Uncompromising talk, linguistic grievance, and language policy: Thailand's Deep South conflict zone. In M. Kelly, H. Footitt & M. Salama-Carr (Eds.), Handbook on Languages at War. London, UK: Palgrave Macmillan.
Lo Bianco, J. (2018). Provision, Policy and Reasoning: The Pluralisation of the Language Education Endeavour. In J. Choi & S. Ollerhead, Plurilingualism in Teaching and Learning (pp. 21–36). New York: Routledge.
Lo Bianco, J. (2018). Reinvigorating Language Policy and Planning for Intergenerational Language Revitalization. In L. Hilton, L. Huss & G. Roche, The Routledge Handbook of Language Revitalization (pp. 36–48). New York: Routledge.
Lo Bianco, J. (2017). Accent on the positive. In H. Peukart & I. Gogolin, Dynamics of Linguistic Diversity. (pp. 31–48). Hamburg: John Benjamins.
Lo Bianco, J. (2017). Foreword. In S. Bagge-Gupta, A. Hansen & J. Feilberg, Identity revisited and reimagined : empirical and theoretical contributions on embodied communication across time and space (p. viii–x). Cham, Switzerland: Springer International.
Lo Bianco, J. (2017). Resolving ethnolinguistic conflict in multi-ethnic societies. Nature Human Behaviour, 1(5).
Lo Bianco, J. (2017). Using education to create cohesion from conflict. Pursuit. January 16.
Lo Bianco, J., & Slaughter, Y. (2017). Language Policy and Education in Australia. In T. McCarty & S. May, Encyclopedia of Language and Education, Language Policy and Political Issues in Education (3rd ed., pp. 449–461). Springer.
Awards
U21 Award for Internationalisation, Universitas 21, 2017
Excellence in Engagement – Public Value Award, University of Melbourne, 2016
Fédération Internationale des Professeurs de Langues Vivantes (FIPLV) 2015 International Award, International Federation of Language Teacher Associations
Medal for Outstanding Service to Language Teaching in Australia, Australian Federation of Modern Language Teachers' Associations, Citation: ”In recognition of exceptional and outstanding contributions to language teaching in Australia over an extended period, that have significantly influenced the pattern and quality of language teaching and learning in Australia in beneficial ways." 7 July 2011
College Medal, Australian College of Educators, March 2007
Centenary Medal, Citation: "For service to Australian society and the humanities in literacy planning", March 2003
Charles A. Ferguson Fellowship, Centre for Applied Linguistics (CAL), Washington DC, Awarded 2002
Commendatore nell'Ordine di Merito della Repubblica Italiana, Awarded by the President of the Republic of Italy, “for services to language research and teaching and in recognition of contributions to Australian-Italian cultural relations”, 1999
Fellow, Australian Academy of the Humanities. Citation: “one [of] the most influential writers in applied linguistics in Australia and internationally”, 1999
Member of the Order of Australia (AM) "for service to the development of language policy and planning in Australia and overseas""; June 1998
Honorary positions
Associate; PASCAL International Observatory on Higher Education and Community Development
Patron, Victorian School of Languages
Fellow, Aspen Institute Italia
Fellow, Australian Academy of the Humanities
Trustee, TIRF, International Research Foundation for English Language Education
Inaugural Fellow, US Heritage Language Alliance
Immediate Past and Foundation President and advisor, Tsinghua Asian Pacific Forum on Translation and Intercultural Studies, Beijing China
Further reading
Conflict, Language Rights, and Education: Building Peace by Solving Language Problems in Southeast Asia, LPREN Brief, April 2016
Resolving ethnolinguistic conflict in multi-ethnic societies, Nature Human Behaviour, 28 April 2017
Ethical dilemmas and language policy (LP) advising, Ethics in applied linguistics research: Language researcher narratives, P.I. De Costa (Ed), Routledge, 2015
Second Languages and Australian Schooling. Australian Council for Educational Research: Australian Education Review, September 2009
References
External links
Joseph Lo Bianco, Melbourne Graduate School of Education
University of Melbourne faculty
Members of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Living people
1953 births
Róbert Zsigó (born 10 November 1967) is a Hungarian politician, who served as the mayor of Baja from 2010 to 2014.  They are also member of the National Assembly (MP) for Baja (Bács-Kiskun County Constituency IX then VI) since 1998. They were appointed Secretary of State for Food Chain Supervision on 15 June 2014.
References
1967 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Mayors of places in Hungary
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
People from Bács-Kiskun County
In computing, diskcomp is a command used for comparing the complete contents of a floppy disk to another one.
Overview
The command is used on DOS, Digital Research FlexOS, IBM/Toshiba 4690 OS, SISNE plus, IBM OS/2 and Microsoft Windows. It is available in MS-DOS versions 3.2 and later and IBM PC DOS releases 1 and later. Digital Research DR DOS 6.0 and Datalight ROM-DOS also include an implementation of the command. The FreeDOS version was developed by Michal Meller.
The diskcomp command does not work with hard disk drives, CDs, network drives, Zip drives, or USB flash drives, etc. It also does not allow comparison from 3.5-inch drive to 5.25-inch drives, and vice versa. The source and target drive must be the same size.
Examples
Compare floppy disks in drive A: and drive B:
diskcomp a: b:
If the computer has only one floppy disk drive (in this case drive A:), it is still possible to compare two disks:
diskcomp a: a:
The diskcomp command will prompt to insert each disk, as needed.
The software outputs "Compare OK" if no differences are found, and "Compare error on side [number], track [number]" upon detecting a difference.
References
Further reading
External links
diskcomp | Microsoft Docs
Computer Hope: MS-DOS and Windows command line diskcomp command
External DOS commands
OS/2 commands
Stockmann is a Finnish company.
Stockmann may also refer to:
Stockmann (surname)
Finnish department stores
Stockmann, Helsinki centre
Stockmann, Tapiola
Stockmann, Turku
See also
Stockman (disambiguation)
Helen M. Robinson (1906 – 1988) was an American writer and educator who became the lead writer of the Dick and Jane series of readers after the death of William S. Gray in 1960, a status they retained through the late 1970s. They were a professor at the University of Chicago from 1944 to 1968, and was nationally recognized in the field of reading education. They served as first President of the Reading Hall of Fame.
Life and career
Robinson was born to a farming family near Athens, Ohio, and their initial instruction was in a one-room schoolhouse. They received an A.B. in Mathematics in 1926 from Ohio University and went on to Ohio State University to study psychology. They received an M.A. in 1927 and taught at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio for several years before beginning doctoral work with William S. Gray at the University of Chicago.
Robinson began to be recognized as a leading expert in the field of reading education. Robinson completed their Ph.D. in 1944, and in 1946 Why Pupils Fail in Reading (based on their dissertation) was published. The book was recognized as a classic in the field of education. Robinson was also the first woman to be a full professor in the University of Chicago Department of Education In 1961 they were appointed to the William Scott Gray research professorship, making them the fifth woman and 36th faculty member overall at University of Chicago to hold a named professorship.
Robinson died in 1988, and is remembered chiefly as the author of the Dick and Jane series, as well as a pioneer of reading education.
Publications
Robinson published for over five decades, with their first article appearing in 1929 and their last in 1985. They authored over 130 scholarly works.
References
1906 births
1988 deaths
20th-century American women writers
University of Chicago faculty
American women educators
Rana Mahmood-ul-Hassan is a Pakistani politician who is a Member of the Senate of Pakistan, from March 2018 to-date. Previously, they have been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2015 to March 2018 and a Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Early life and education
They were born on 27 March 1970 in Multan.
They completed graduation.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-150 (Multan-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 22,387 votes and defeated a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-150 (Multan-III) as a candidate of PML-N in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 57,774 votes and defeated a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-150 (Multan-III) as a candidate of PML-N in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 79,680 votes and lost the seat to Shah Mehmood Qureshi, a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-196 (Multan-III) in by-polls held in May 2015. They received 28,324 votes and defeated a candidate of PTI. They resigned from their Punjab Assembly seat on 10 March 2018.
They were nominated by PML-N as its candidate in 2018 Pakistani Senate election. However the Election Commission of Pakistan declared all PML-N candidates for the Senate election as independent after a ruling of the Supreme Court of Pakistan.
They were elected to the Senate of Pakistan as an independent candidate on general seat from Punjab in Senate election. They were backed in the election by PML-N and joined the PML-N led treasury benches after getting elected. They took oath as Senator on 12 March 2018.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 2013–2018
1970 births
Pakistan Muslim League (N) politicians
2019 deaths
The 1968–69 Liga Española de Baloncesto season was the 13th season of the Liga Española de Baloncesto and was played between 23 November 1968 and 20 April 1969. The season ended with Real Madrid winning their 11th title.
Overview before the season
12 teams joined the league, including three promoted from the 1967–68 Segunda División.
Promoted from 1967–68 Segunda División
San José Irpen
Manresa Kan's
Bosco Revoltosa
Teams and locations
<onlyinclude>
Regular season
League table
Relegation playoffs
|}
Statistics leaders
Points
References
ACB.com
Linguasport
FEB
Liga Española de Baloncesto (1957–1983) seasons
Spanish
Alexa Lea Gray (born August 7, 1994) is a Canadian volleyball player.  They are part of the Canadian women's national volleyball team. Professionally, they play for Series A1 Italian league Busto.
Personal life
Gray attended high school at Centennial High School in Calgary. They began playing volleyball in sixth grade and played for Calgary Dinos women's volleyball club and helped them to U15 and U17 provincial champ titles and U16 and U17 national champ title.
They also played rugby and basketball in high school.
Gray has attributed their motivation to their late mother, Stacey French. Them mother was also an athlete and played basketball at Southern Utah. When Gray was 13, they and their sister survived a car accident that claimed their mother's life. While driving from Montana, an elk struck the car, causing it roll several times. Gray's father, Evric Gray, played basketball at UNLV and is a high school basketball coach.
Gray is a Mormon, and opted to attend Brigham Young University to play in college.
Career
College
Gray played for BYU and was three time All-American. In their first season in 2012, they were named West Coast Conference Freshman of the Year. They won West Coast Conference player of the year back-to-back in 2014 and 2015. They helped BYU to a national runner-up finish in 2014, the first time BYU ever made it to a championship match.
They finished their career at BYU ranked second in kills and attempts and sixth in points (all which ranked first during rally-scoring era) and sets played.
Professional clubs
GS Caltex Seoul KIXX (2016–2017)
Volley Soverato (2017–2018)
Casalmaggiore (2018–2019)
Golden Tulip Volalto Caserta (2019–2020)
Scandicci (2019–2020)
Busto (2020–)
Canadian national team
Gray joined the Canadian national team in 2017.
They participated at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 2018 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup. They have won international awards with the national team: they were named "Best Scorer" and "Best Spiker" at the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup and "Best Spiker" at the 2019 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship. They were named the MVP at the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup qualification.
Awards and honors
College
AVCA All American – First Team (2015); Second Team (2014); Third Team (2013)
West Coast Conference Player of the Year – 2014, 2015
West Coast Conference Freshman of the Year – 2012
International
2019 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship – Best Spiker
2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup – Best Spiker
2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup – Best Scorer
2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup qualification – Most Valuable Player
References
Exteneral links
Busto bio
1994 births
Living people
Canadian women's volleyball players
Sportspeople from Lethbridge
Outside hitters
BYU Cougars women's volleyball players
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in South Korea
Serie A1 (women's volleyball) players
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Livingston County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,519. Its county seat is Smithland. The county was established in 1798 from land taken from Christian County and is named for Robert R. Livingston, a member of the Committee of Five that drafted the U.S. Declaration of Independence. The county was strongly pro-Confederate during the American Civil War and many men volunteered for the Confederate Army.
Livingston County is part of the Paducah, KY-IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
It is a prohibition or dry county with the exception of Grand Rivers which voted to allow alcohol sales in 2016.
History
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.5%) is water. The western border with Illinois is formed by the Ohio River.
Adjacent counties
Hardin County, Illinois (north)
Crittenden County (northeast)
Lyon County (southeast)
Marshall County (south)
McCracken County (southwest)
Massac County, Illinois (west)
Pope County, Illinois (northwest)
Major highways
U.S. Route 60
U.S. Route 62
Interstate 24
Interstate 69
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 9,519 people living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,772 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.49% White, 0.14% Black or African American, 0.42% Native American, 0.03% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.28% from other races, and 0.63% from two or more races. 0.75% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 3,996 households, out of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.40% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.60% were non-families. 24.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.86.
The age distribution was 22.30% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 28.20% from 25 to 44, 27.00% from 45 to 64, and 14.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,776, and the median income for a family was $39,486. Males had a median income of $33,633 versus $19,617 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,072. About 7.60% of families and 10.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.70% of those under age 18 and 15.80% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Carrsville
Grand Rivers
Salem
Smithland (county seat)
Census-designated places
Burna
Ledbetter
Other unincorporated communities
North Livingston
Hampton
Joy
Lola
South Livingston
Iuka
Tiline
Notable people
Andrew Jackson Smith (September 3, 1843 – March 4, 1932) was a runaway slave, Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. They were awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions at the Battle of Honey Hill.
James Ford (1775-1833), was a civic leader and business person who was later discovered to be the secret criminal leader of a gang of Ohio River pirates and highwaymen in the early 19th century.
Politics
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Livingston County, Kentucky
References
External links
Livingston County KY Website
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Paducah micropolitan area
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
The political career of Arnold Schwarzenegger began in 2003, when Arnold Schwarzenegger entered politics for the first time by running for Governor of California in a recall election. They were subsequently elected Governor when then-Governor Gray Davis was successfully recalled and served the remainder of Davis' term between 2003 and 2007. Schwarzenegger was then reelected to a second term in 2006 to serve their first full term between 2007 and 2011. Schwarzenegger was unable to run for a third term due to term limits imposed by Constitution of California, but has still been involved in politics and the promotion of environmentalism.
Early politics
In Austria, Schwarzenegger was officially a member of the youth weightlifting team of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP).
In 1985, Schwarzenegger appeared in "Stop the Madness", an anti-drug music video sponsored by the Reagan administration. They first came to wide public notice as a Republican during the 1988 presidential election, accompanying then-Vice President George H. W. Bush at a campaign rally.
Governor of California
First term
Second term
Later politics
On January 27, 2011, Schwarzenegger mistakenly praised Canadian soldiers serving in Iraq, even though they did not.
On October 4, 2012, Schwarzenegger said Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney performed better than President Barack Obama in the first debate.
On August 23, 2014, Schwarzenegger and other Hollywood stars expressed their support for Israel and criticized Hamas for the "devastating loss of life endured by Israelis and Palestinians in Gaza".
On March 6, 2016, Schwarzenegger endorsed Ohio Governor John Kasich for the Republican nomination for president, saying their experience in government made them "an action hero". On June 7, Schwarzenegger's spokesperson Daniel Ketchell told Los Angeles Times''' Seema Mehta on Twitter that Schwarzenegger voted for Kasich in the California Republican primary, even though Kasich already suspended their campaign. On October 8, Schwarzenegger announced that they would not vote for Donald Trump to be president. The statement was made one day after the release of the Donald Trump Access Hollywood tape.
On January 30, 2017, Schwarzenegger criticized Trump's executive order to ban travel by refugees and immigrants from seven countries, saying that it makes the United States look "stupid". On June 23, Schwarzenegger met with French President Emmanuel Macron to discuss environmental issues and vowed to "make the planet great again". On August 17, Schwarzenegger criticized Trump for their response to to Unite the Right rally and terrorist attack that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia, and gave a speech that they said Trump should have given. One day before the Austrian legislative election, Schwarzenegger wished Sebastian Kurz and the ÖVP good luck on October 14. After meeting with Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo on December 11, Schwarzenegger said, "We must talk about the health aspects [of climate change]".
After Chad Mayes, the former Republican minority leader of the California State Assembly, announced on January 9, 2018, the formation of New Way California, an initiative that aims to expand the appeal of Republican policies and reverse the party's declining prospects in the state, Daniel Ketchell said, "[Schwarzenegger is] committed to helping Chad find a way to reinvigorate the party so it can help all Californians."
With Republican governor Larry Hogan of Maryland, Schwarzenegger spoke out on the need to end gerrymandering in the United States on July 11, 2019.
On January 10, 2021, Schwarzenegger shared a Twitter video message condemning the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. They further called Trump a "failed leader" and "the worst president ever".
In late March 2021, Schwarzenegger was interviewed by Politico about the upcoming recall election in California in which they said that "it's pretty much the same atmosphere today as it was then", and when they were asked about Newsom's claim of this being a "Republican recall" they responded that "this recall effort is sparked by ordinary folks, and that this isn't a power grab by Republicans."
Legacy
In an article of Time on November 1, 2010, Thad Kousser of the University of California, San Diego said, "[Schwarzenegger] is not divisive nor scandal plagued, but he's generally fallen short of changing the political culture of Sacramento and the policy course of the state." Nick Roman of KPCC wrote that Schwarzenegger's legacy is varied and puzzling, inspiring, and infuriating—just like the state they governed.
Political philosophy
In their own words
Schwarzenegger is a member of the Republican Party and, in September 2012, told Lesley Stahl on 60 Minutes that they will never leave the party. On September 7, 2007, Schwarzenegger said, "I am proud to be a member of the party of Abraham Lincoln. I am proud to be a member of the party of Ronald Reagan." In the documentary, Pumping Iron, Schwarzenegger said, "I was always dreaming about very powerful people—dictators and things like that. I was just always impressed by that...people could be remembered for hundreds of years, you know—even Jesus for thousands of years remembered." In August 2003, Schwarzenegger said that they were not a cultural conservative. Schwarzenegger believes that Austrian social democracy limited the horizons of many of their friends.
At the 2004 Republican National Convention, Schwarzenegger spoke about the reason they became a Republican instead of a Democrat:
As described by others
Thal mayor and longtime schoolmate Peter Urdl said that the teenage Schwarzenegger seemed to hold opinions in line with the Social Democrats and expressed admiration for Bruno Kreisky. The New Yorker's Connie Bruck called Schwarzenegger "supermoderate". Andrew Gumbel of The Independent wrote, "[Schwarzenegger is] a man of surprises. They mix in the social circles of Hollywood's liberal elite...yet they have always regarded themselves as a staunch Republican—among other things, an act of rebellion against the staunch social democratic values of their native Austria." Los Angeles Times writer Joe Mathews wrote that Schwarzenegger routinely sides with business and asserts quasi-libertarian views on individual freedom but has crossed borders and associated with groups whose experiences seem foreign to their own. Daniel Weintraub of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote, "[Schwarzenegger] is liberal on some issues, conservative on others and, sometimes, but not always, in the middle." Rob Long, a television writer and producer, wrote on NPR that Schwarzenegger is a "Hollywood Republican, meaning he's mellow about gays and abortion and marijuana".
Civil rights attorney Shannon Minter of the National Center for Lesbian Rights gave Schwarzenegger a B− grade on gay and lesbian issues, calling their decision not to appeal Perry v. Schwarzenegger'', which struck down Proposition 8, "a really quite dramatic stand for a Republican governor to have taken."
Scales and rankings
In October 2003, On the Issues rated Schwarzenegger as a "moderate liberal populist". In April 2008, the organization reclassified Schwarzenegger as a "centrist". In a 2010 report published by Equality California, an LGBT rights organization, Schwarzenegger received a 57 percent score. On April 21, 2010, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington named Schwarzenegger and ten other governors as the "worst governors", accusing them of self-enrichment; cozying up with special interests, conflicts of interest, cronyism, pressuring state officials, mismanagement, and vetoing hospital transparency bills.
In 2004, the California League of Conservation Voters, an environmental organization, released a scorecard giving Schwarzenegger a 58%. Schwarzenegger would receive the same score in 2005. In 2006, their score fell to 50%. Schwarzenegger's score improved to 63% in 2007. In 2008, Schwarzenegger received a 60% score. In 2009, Schwarzenegger's score from the CLCV fell to its lowest ever, falling to 28%. However, Schwarzenegger's score would recover in 2010, improving to 56%. As Governor of California, Schwarzenegger's lifetime score from the CLCV is 53%.
In March 2005, the Cato Institute, an American libertarian think tank, issued a "fiscal policy report card" for 2004 in which it assigned an A grade to Schwarzenegger's performance as governor. Schwarzenegger was given a D grade in the 2006 report card from the Cato Institute. In the 2008 report card, Schwarzenegger was given a C grade. In 2010, Schwarzenegger received a D grade in the report card.
Electoral history
See also
Opinion polling on the Arnold Schwarzenegger governorship
References
Further reading
External links
2000s in California
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Schwarzenegger, Arnold
Schwarzenegger, Arnold
Schwarzenegger, Arnold
Empel en Meerwijk is a former municipality of the Dutch province of North Brabant and consisted of Dieskant, Empel, Oud-Empel, Gewande, and Meerwijk. It was situated south of the river Meuse and east of the river Dieze. Since 1971 it has made part of the municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch.
On its area there was a fort called Crèvecoeur. The remainings are still used for military exercises.
The villages of Empel en Meerwijk were a fiefdom originally belonging to Crespin Abbey in northern France.
References
Equivalent article on the Dutch Wikipedia.
Former municipalities of North Brabant
's-Hertogenbosch
New Line Television was the television production arm of the film studio of the same name. It was active for about 20 years from 1988 to 2008.
History
The company was founded in 1988 to produce Freddy's Nightmares, a television series based on the studio's Nightmare on Elm Street film series. Following the series's cancellation in 1990, New Line launched its own television unit a year later.
In 1990, New Line bought a majority stake in Robert Halmi, Inc. Entertainment, a production company specializing in Television films and miniseries. RHI was sold to Hallmark Cards in 1994, shortly after New Line had been acquired by Turner Broadcasting System. New Line once had a television distribution shop, New Line Television Distribution, which was previously affiliated with RHI. On October 21, 1992, New Line and RHI was in negotiations to handle management of RHI catalog product.
On February 15, 1999, producer Trilogy Entertainment Group had inked an exclusive development deal with the studio to produce television projects, mostly for syndication, cable and the networks. On April 28, 2000, it was announced that Matthew Blackheart: Monster Smasher, a program New Line is planning on to debut for syndication would debut instead on the Sci-Fi Channel, eventually making it into a made-for-TV movie.
Turner merged with Time Warner on October 10, 1996. On June 16, 2000, it signed an affiliation production contract with Warner Bros. Television to produce network series for a two-year period. From October 2006, MGM Television began distributing New Line's films and television series.
On February 28, 2008, New Line Cinema was merged with Warner Bros. and hence ceased to exist as a separate entity. In turn, New Line Television was folded into Warner Bros.'s television division.
Television series produced
Television distribution series
The Lost World (1999–2002)
Notes
References
Television production companies of the United States
Defunct mass media companies of the United States
American companies established in 1988
Mass media companies established in 1988
Companies disestablished in 2008
New Line Cinema
The 2020 New Jersey Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday, July 7, 2020, as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The New Jersey primary is a semi-closed primary, with the state awarding 147 delegates, of which 126 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary.
Procedure
New Jersey planned to originally hold its primary elections on June 2, 2020, the same day as that of Montana, New Mexico, South Dakota and the District of Columbia. New Jersey is traditionally one of the last states to vote, although later on, many states had already moved their elections to June due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy announced on April 8, 2020, that, because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the primary would be postponed until July 7.
Voting is expected to take place throughout the state from 6:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. In the semi-closed primary, candidates must meet a threshold of 15 percent at the delegate district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 126 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention will be allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of the 126 pledged delegates, between 3 and 4 are allocated to each of the state's 20 "delegate districts", each consisting of two legislative districts, and another 14 are allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 23 at-large pledged delegates. These delegate totals do not account for pledged delegate bonuses or penalties from timing or clustering.
District-level delegates are chosen in the presidential primary with delegate candidates appearing on the ballot. Should presidential candidates be entitled to more district delegates than delegate candidates presented, a special post-primary caucus at the state convention will be called on Wednesday, June 10, 2020, to designate the additional delegates. The Democratic state committee will subsequently convene at the state convention on Saturday, June 13, 2020, to vote on the 23 pledged at-large and 14 PLEO delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. The 126 pledged delegates New Jersey sends to the national convention will be joined by 21 unpledged PLEO delegates (7 members of the Democratic National Committee; 13 members of Congress, including both Senators and 11 U.S. Representatives; and the governor).
On May 15, 2020, the governor signed an executive order declaring that the primary election will become a primarily vote-by-mail election. Democratic and Republican voters will automatically receive a vote-by-mail ballot while unaffiliated and inactive voters will get a vote-by-mail application. Unaffiliated voters must declare their party in the application and send it in to their respective county board of elections in order to vote and receive their primary election ballot. A limited number of polling stations in each county will be available on primary day for those who prefer to vote in person (including with provisional ballots if they're unable to obtain one) and for voters with disabilities.
Polling
Results
Results by county
Biden won every county in New Jersey. As was the case in the 2016 primary, Sanders performed best in the northwestern part of the state.
Notes
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
New Jersey Democratic State Committee draft delegate selection plan
New Jersey Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
New Jersey
The Frank Wess Quartet is an album by jazz flautist Frank Wess which was recorded in 1960 and released on the Moodsville label.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 4 stars stating "Frank Wess has long been one of the most underrated flautists in jazz, but it's their primary instrument on this CD reissue of a Moodsville LP recorded in 1960... Highly recommended".
Track listing
"It's So Peaceful in the Country" (Alec Wilder) - 4:01
"Rainy Afternoon" (Frank Wess) - 8:26
"Star Eyes" (Gene de Paul, Don Raye) - 3:54
"Stella by Starlight" (Ned Washington, Victor Young) - 5:10
"But Beautiful" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 4:36
"Gone with the Wind" (Herb Magidson, Allie Wrubel) - 5:46
"I See Your Face Before Me" (Howard Dietz, Arthur Schwartz) - 6:05
Personnel
Frank Wess - flute, tenor saxophone
Tommy Flanagan - piano
Eddie Jones - bass
Bobby Donaldson - drums
References
Frank Wess albums
1960 albums
Moodsville Records albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Nicola Pecorini (born 10 August 1957) is an Italian cinematographer.
Pecorini was born in Milan, Lombardy, Italy. They founded, with Garrett Brown, inventor of the steadicam, the Steadicam Operators Association, Inc. (SOA), in 1988. Pecorini moved to the United States in 1993. Since 1997, they have frequently collaborated with critically acclaimed director Terry Gilliam (together they have made Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Brothers Grimm, Tideland, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, The Zero Theorem and The Man Who Killed Don Quixote). In 2000, they won Best Cinematography at the San Sebastian International Film Festival for Harrison's Flowers.  They are married to British actor Caroline Goodall and has two children, Gemma and Leone.  They are blind in one eye.
Filmography
Film
Short films
Television
Music videos
"Oh Sailor", Fiona Apple (2005)
"Pourtant", Vanessa Paradis (2000)
"Riding With The King", B.B. King & Eric Clapton (2000)
"Dark Moon", Chris Isaak (1994) (director)
References
External links
Official website
1957 births
Italian cinematographers
Living people
Film people from Milan
Italian expatriates in England
The Venturing Leadership Award is presented by councils, areas, regions, and the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America to Venturers and Venturing Advisors who have made exceptional contributions to Venturing and who exemplify the Scout Oath and Scout Law.
The Venturing Leadership Award was briefly unavailable to adult recipients, but has been restored as a recognition for adults as of the 2015 National Annual Meeting of the Boy Scouts of America.
Recipients of the National Venturing Leadership Award
See also
Advancement and recognition in the Boy Scouts of America
References
American awards
Boy Scouts of America
West Lodge Apartments, also known simply as West Lodge, is a 720 unit apartment complex located at 103 and 105 West Lodge Avenue in Parkdale, Toronto. The complex consists of two curved 18 story towers joined at the base by a 5-story segment which includes a convenience store on the second floor.
The complex was built in 1964 and by the mid 1970s had already become notorious as the source of numerous building code violations, and for its general state of disrepair. The apartments have been the site of decades of tenant organizing continuing up to the present. Most notably, tenants in the 1970s were able to bring a case before the Supreme Court of Canada in October 1975 and organize a substantial bid to buy the complex from the City of Toronto and convert it into co-operative housing - a bid that ultimately failed when the building's previous owners put in a higher bid at the last minute. Through the 2010s and 2020s the building has continued to be a subject of concern, receiving in 2016 the most code violations of any building in the city. In 2020, during the COVID-19 Pandemic, tenants occupied a vacant unit on the second floor of 103 West Lodge, which now serves as a food bank for tenants.
Revolving ownership
The property has passed through the hands of numerous owners since its construction, including a period of receivership where it was owned by the City of Toronto. It has been most recently owned by companies going by the names "Wynn Group", "Bnai Fischel", Timbercreek Asset Management, and is currently owned by "Hazelview Properties".
References
Apartment buildings in Canada
Residential buildings in Toronto
Todsapol Karnplook (Thai ทศพล การปลูก) is a Thai retired footballer.
Honours
Thailand Premier League 2004/05 championship with Thailand Tobacco Monopoly FC
External links
Profile at Thaipremierleague.co.th
1980 births
Living people
Todsapol Karnplook
Todsapol Karnplook
Association football midfielders
Association football fullbacks
Săcelu is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Blahnița de Sus, Hăiești, Jeriștea, Magherești and Săcelu.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
James Cooke may refer to:
James J. Cooke (1939–2016), American historian, author, academic and soldier
James W. Cooke (1812–1869), American naval officer
James Cooke (pentathlete) (born 1991), British modern pentathlete
James Cooke (sailor) (born 1935), Singaporean Olympic sailor
James Francis Cooke (1875–1960), American pianist, composer and writer
James Douglas Cooke (1879–1949), British Member of Parliament for Hammersmith South
James "Curley" Cooke (1967–2011), former guitarist for the Steve Miller Band
Jimmy Cooke (fl. 1932), American baseball player
See also
James Cooke Brown (1921–2000), sociologist and science fiction writer
James Cook (disambiguation)
Greatest Hits Live! (also known as Finest Selection Tour) was the fourth headlining concert tour by English-Irish girl group The Saturdays. It was their first tour in three years, launched in support of their greatest hits album, The Finest Selection: The Greatest Hits.
Background
Just a few months after releasing their fourth studio album Living for the Weekend (2013), the group announced they would release the Greatest Hits album and tour in support for the album. The tour was the group's first in three years. The tour played a mixture of theatres and arenas with most dates sold out at full capacity. The largest attendance for a single show was Wembley Arena, London with almost 10,000 in attendance. During the Glasgow show, Frankie Bridge had a pre-recorded segment to show they were competing on the twelfth season of Strictly Come Dancing that would start airing three days after the tour completed.
Setlist
The following set list is representative of the show on 7 September 2014. It is not representative of all concerts for the duration of the tour.
"What Are You Waiting For?"
"Up"
"808"
"Work"
"Forever Is Over"
"Higher"
"Gentleman"
"Just Can't Get Enough"
"My Heart Takes Over"
"Disco Love" (with incorporation of "Stayin' Alive" and "...Baby One More Time")
"30 Days" / "Wildfire" / "Get Ready, Get Set" / "One Shot" / "Don't Let Me Dance Alone" / "Missing You"
"Not Giving Up"
"If This Is Love"
"Notorious"
"Walking Through The Desert"
"Ego"
"Chasing Lights"
"Issues"
"All Fired Up"
"What About Us"
Tour dates
Box office score data
References
2014 concert tours
The Saturdays concert tours
Kamma is a Hindu caste from South India. The community of Kammas is believed to have originated from agriculturists of the Kammanadu region of the Guntur and Prakasam districts in Andhra Pradesh. Propelled by their military activity in the Vijayanagara Empire, Kammas are believed to have spread out from the region during the Vijayanagara period, followed by some in-migration during the British period and out-migration again during the twentieth century.
Today they are regarded as the richest group in Andhra Pradesh and are a dominant caste from Coastal Andhra with socio-economic and political prominence throughout the Telugu-speaking regions of India (the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana).
They also have a notable, albeit smaller, presence in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. In recent times,
a sizeable number of Kammas have migrated to the United States.
Origins
The modern community of Kammas is believed to have originated from agriculturists of the Kammanadu region in coastal Andhra Pradesh. The region, lying between the Gundlakamma river and the Krishna river in the erstwhile Guntur district (which included the three subdistricts later transferred to the Ongole district in 1970), had an identity dating back to ancient times. The term "kamma" either referred to the two rivers that formed the boundaries of the region, or to the Buddhist monastic institutions called sanghakammas believed to have been once prevalent in the region.
As the people of the region migrated to other parts, they were often referred to as the Kamma community (kamma-kula). Terms such as kamma-brahmana, kamma-komati, kamma-sreshti and kamma-kapu are attested in inscriptions as descriptions of people. The migration was apparently quite extensive, and was made by possible by the Kammanadu's strategic location with access to the Deccan plateau as well as to the regions in the south and southwest. By 1872, only one-fourth of their total population was living in the original region. But the migrants retained links to the homeland and returned to it whenever the situation was favourable.
Medieval history
Post-Kakatiya period
The tradition holds that the Kammas, along with Velamas and Reddis, evolved out of the community of Kapus (cultivators) in the post-Kakatiya period. A popular legend collected by Edgar Thurston narrates that Kammas originated from the youngest son of a certain Belthi Reddi, who managed to recover their mother's ear-ornament (called "kamma" in Telugu) that had been appropriated by Emperor Prataparudra's minister. The other sons of Belthi Reddi are similarly said to have given rise to the other prominent caste communities of the Telugu people.
Vijayanagara period
Kammas served as ministers, military generals, and governors in the Vijayanagara Empire. During the reign of Krishnadevaraya, Kammas are said to have formed the bulwark of the Vijayanagara army. Their role in protecting the last great Hindu kingdom of India was significant. Krishnadevaraya's court had a significant presence of Kamma officers, and they entered into matrimonial alliances with the royal family. It's possible that the influence of Kamma generals led to the importance of the Telugu language in Vijayanagara and the rise of Telugu colonies in Tamil Nadu. During the reign of the Vijayanagara Empire, Kamma Nayaks (commanders) were appointed as governors in many areas of Tamil Nadu. Some of the notable Kamma Nayak clans of Vijayanagara include the Pemmasanis, Sayapanenis, and Ravellas.
Of the Pemmasani Nayaks, they controlled parts of Rayalaseema and had large mercenary armies that were the vanguard of the Vijayanagara Empire in the sixteenth century. Pemmasani Ramalinga Nayudu was a leading military commander under Krishnadevaraya, and Aliya Rama Raya and the Aravidus rose to power following a civil war largely because of the support of Pemmasani Erra Timmanayudu. Pemmasani Pedda Timmaraja was the minister of Sriranga I and later for Venkata II, the latter of whom oversaw the revival of the Vijayanagara Empire. It is also known that a Pemmasani Nayak, Timmanayudu, had court poets and ministers of their own, such as Channamaraju. Pemmasani Timmanayudu also assisted Venkata II in putting down a rebellion by the Nandyala Chiefs led by Krishnamaraja in 1580. The Pemmasani Nayaks are associated with Gandikota, where they started as commandants and later gained control of Gandikota Seema from the Nandyala Chiefs. Numerous Hindu temples, such as Bugga Ramalingeshwara Swamy Temple and Chintalarayaswamy Temple, were constructed and patronized by the Pemmasanis.
The Sayapaneni Nayaks started in service of Vijayanagara when Krishnadevaraya granted administrative control of the Dupadu Region to Shayappanayadu, a twenty-year old from the family. According to the Dupati kaifiyat, this area was consolidated by Vengala Nayudu and Venkatadri Nayudu, who are Shayappa Nayudu's descendants, and their rule is presented as a peaceful epoch. Although modest actors in the Deccan, their main strength lay in their ability to shift allegiances, facilitated by Niyogi Brahmins, as seen with their initial allegiance to the Vijayanagara Empire and later to the Qutb Shahis and the Nizams after Vijayanagara's demise.
The Ravella Nayaks were another prominent clan that served the Vijayanagara Empire militarily and administratively since the Sangama Dynasty, and they exercised control (on behalf of Vijayanagara) over Srisailam, Udayagiri, Podili, and Kochcherlakota Seemas (regions) at various periods. The exploits of this clan are described by the poet Ratnakaram Gopala Kavi in Sovgandhika Prasavapaharanamu, including mentions of defeating the Qutb Shahis, Gajapatis, and recapturing forts like Adoni. Noted individuals in the Ravella Nayaks include Ravella Linga II, who is surmised to be one of the chief generals of the Vijayanagara Army during the reign of Aliya Rama Raya.
When the Vijayanagara Empire was troubled after the Battle of Tallikota in 1565, the Pemmasani Nayaks, Ravella Nayaks and Sayapaneni Nayaks helped the Aravidu Dynasty in keeping the Muslims at bay. It took another 90 years to consolidate the Muslim power in Andhra country with the capture of Gandikota in 1652 and the defeat of Pemmasani Timmanayudu by Mir Jumla. Following the Battle of Talikota, many Kamma Nayaks either migrated to the dominions of the Madurai and Thanjavur Nayaks where they governed villages and supplied military officers or obtained favours from the Qutb Shahis and Mughals and settled in Telugu regions as local military chiefs.
Qutb Shahi and Nizam period
Kammas were also in service of the Qutb Shahis. Their roles included serving as the regional aristocracy, revenue officers and military commanders. During the reign of the Qutb Shahis and Nizams, the Sayapaneni Nayaks (1626–1802) ruled a block of territory between the Krishna River and Nellore as vassals. It was also in the Qutb Shahi period that the Vasireddy clan of Vasireddy Venkatadri Nayudu received the deshmukhi of the Nandigama pargana in 1670. Vasireddy Venkatadri Nayudu, a Kamma zamindar, controlled 551 towns and villages in the Guntur and Krishna Districts, had a retinue of several thousand men, and became known for their patronization of Hindu religious rituals, festivals, temples, and Brahmins. The Kamma Yarlagadda zamindars of Challapalli obtained their zamindari in 1596 and deshmukhi jurisdiction in 1640, and they assisted the Muslim rulers in their military expeditions and collection of land taxes. This conferred on the Yarlagaddas the privileges of maintaining their own military force and control over the inhabitants in their area.
Following Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb's reign, coastal Andhra witnessed a series of widespread rebellions against the local Mughal officials that enabled Kamma warrior chiefs to usurp administrative power over hundreds, if not thousands, of square miles of land. In the 1600-1800s, Kammas acquired land in the interior Deccan Plateau due to grants that were given by the Nizam of Hyderabad to encourage cultivation in uncultivated areas of Telangana. Moreover, in the Telangana region, Muslim rulers collected taxes through intermediaries from the dominant castes, such as the Kammas, who were given the title Chowdary.
British period
Although the 1802 Permanent Settlement by the British benefited the Kamma landed aristocracy by reinforcing the Zamindari system, most Kammas saw their landholdings consolidated, and their influence consequently increased, by the introduction of the ryotwari system as a replacement for the zamindari system in the 19th century. Akin to the jenmis of Kerala, there were also big Kamma ryotwari landlords in Andhra. Some Kammas also were in the Madras Army of the British East India Company. Among Telugu Hindus, the East India Company army initially recruited predominantly from the Kamma, Raju, and Velama castes and restricted recruitment from other castes.
In the 1872 census, the Kammas made up 40 per cent of the agricultural population of the Krishna district (which included the present Guntur district until 1904). Along with Brahmins, they formed the dominant community of the district. By 1921, their population in the district increased to 47 per cent, representing a large in-migration. Following Brahminical traditions, Kammas emulated the rituals of the Brahmins, and the literate Kammas learned the Vedas, wore the sacred threads, taught Sanskrit and even performed pujas for the lower-caste members, which is said to have generated controversies. Despite their attachment to Brahminical orthodoxy, the Kammas also related to the Kapus in a narrative. Kammas formed the Kamma Mahajana Sabha, a caste association, in 1910, which received encouragement from the political leaders. Ranga also started a Madras Kamma Association in 1919 and founded a journal Kamma Patrika, later renamed to Ryot Patrika. Kamma caste associations also spawned in Tamil Nadu in the 1920s, with two Kamma zamindars leading the Kamma Mahajana Sabha and the Dakshina Desa Kamma Mahasabha. Kammas constituted 6 per cent of the population in the Telugu-speaking areas of the Madras Presidency in 1921, a figure slightly higher than Brahmins, but lagging far behind the 'Kapu or Reddi'.
Construction of dams and barrages and establishment of an irrigation system in Godavari and Krishna River deltas by Arthur Cotton was a great boon to the Kamma farmers. Availability of water and the natural propensity for hard work made the Kammas wealthy and prosperous. The money was put to good use by establishing numerous schools and libraries and encouraging their children to take up modern education. In 1921, Kammas had the highest literacy rate among other dominant castes, such as Reddis and Kapus, though it was lower than Brahmins. The money was also invested into various companies, industries, such as food processing and transportation, and moneylending. The Kammas of Tamil Nadu, who speak Telugu at home, have also excelled in the cultivation of black cotton soils and later diversified into various industrial enterprises, particularly in Coimbatore and Kovilpatti. Coimbatore was known as the ‘Manchester of South India' and its textile industry, which is the main economic sector in the city, is almost entirely controlled by affluent Kamma families that were the landed aristocracy of Kongu Nadu.
By the mid 20th century, many Kammas had benefited greatly from the numerous educational institutes that had proliferated throughout Coastal Andhra such as Andhra Christian College or Guntur Medical College. Many of these were high-fee private educational institutes also formed by wealthy members of the dominant castes who often gave preference to students from their community in admissions.
Today
Today they are regarded as the wealthiest group in Andhra Pradesh and an entrepreneurial community influential in various industries, such as information technology, real estate, media and Telugu cinema. They are a dominant caste from Coastal Andhra with socio-economic and political prominence throughout the Telugu-speaking regions of India (the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana). In united-Andhra Pradesh (including present-day Andhra Pradesh and Telangana), Kammas made up 4.8% of the total state population in the last census. Kammas also have a notable, albeit smaller, presence in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
Migration to USA
In recent times, a sizeable number of Kammas have migrated to the United States. Starting in the 1950s, some members of the dominant castes from Andhra Pradesh had gone to the US for higher education. After the lifting of immigration quota system in 1965, the highly-educated doctors, engineers and scientists started moving to US. Kammas, mainly from well-off families and having benefited from the spread of educational institutions in Coastal Andhra, took up the opportunity to move. After the IT boom in the 1990s, even more migrated to America. The success of those who migrated already incentivized more of their relatives and members of their network to migrate as well, and today having an "NRI child" is seen as a matter of pride for Kamma parents in coastal Andhra. For Kamma and other dominant caste women, although some have been sent by families for higher studies in America, many have moved to America due to marriage with NRI men.
Classification
The varna system of Brahmanic ritual ranking never took hold in South Indian society outside Kerala. There were essentially three classes: Brahmin, non-Brahmin and Dalit. Kammas naturally fall into the non-Brahmin class. Classification of social groups in the Andhra region has changed frequently as the various communities jostle for status. During the British Raj, the Kammas were considered to be "upper Shudra"/"Sat Shudra", along with the Reddy and Velama castes, under the varna system.
Selig Harrison said in 1956 that
Politics
Prior to the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, creating the new state of Telangana, the Kammas and the Reddys were politically and economically dominant in the state. From 1953 to 1983, many Kammas initially associated themselves with the Indian National Congress and offered the party financing and media support. During the 1980s, they played a key role in state and national politics with the inception of the Telugu Desam Party by its then President N. T. Rama Rao also called as NTR.
Notable people
N. T. Rama Rao
Velagapudi Ramakrishna
Akkineni Nageswara Rao
D. Ramanaidu
Mullapudi Harishchandra Prasad
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Indian castes
Telugu society
Social groups of Tamil Nadu
Social groups of Andhra Pradesh
Agricultural castes
Aeolostoma scutiferana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia.
Tortricinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1881
The 2009 Rhode Island Rams football team represented the University of Rhode Island in the 2009 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA). The Rams were led by first year head coach Joe Trainer and played their home games at Meade Stadium. They finished the season with one win and ten losses (1–10, 0–8 in CAA play) and finished in last place in the conference.
Schedule
*Schedule Source:
References
Rhode Island
Rhode Island Rams football seasons
Rhode Island Rams football
Tarren Otte (born 29 March 1984) is an Australian Olympic synchronized swimmer. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronized swimming.
Personal
Otte was born on 29 March 1984 in Victoria. They earned a Bachelor of Applied Science, enabling them to teach physical education. , they live in Port Melbourne.
Otte is tall and weighs .
Synchronized swimming
Otte is a synchronized swimmer, starting in the sport when they were nine years old. They also coach other synchronized swimmers in Melbourne. Continuing to be involved with sport at times was a struggle because of the finances involved in competing.
In 2007, Otte competed at the FINA world championships in the team event. The ten-person team was the first Australian one to make it in the finals for the synchronised swimming free combination routine. As a nineteen-year-old, they competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Part of the team's routine included pretending to be emus, kangaroos and crocodiles. Them team came in seventh, scoring 40,417 in the technical routine, 41,750 in the free routine, 41,333 in technical merit, and 42,167 in artistic impression. During the Games, they had a lucky towel.
Otte competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and failed to make the podium. They were in fifth place with a score of 39.334 following the first part of the competition. Following the second routine, they finished in fourth place after beating Katrina Abdul Hadi of Malaysia and missing bronze by two points. They had been considered a medal contender going into the Games. Following the Commonwealth Games, they briefly retired from the sport.
Otte was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronized swimming. As a twenty-seven-year-old, they were the oldest member of the team. The FINA World Championships held in Shanghai, China served as the 2012 Olympic qualifying event for the team. In the technical team portion, their team finished 18th and in the Free Team event, their team finished 17th.
References
Living people
1984 births
Australian synchronised swimmers
Olympic synchronised swimmers of Australia
Synchronized swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Synchronized swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Synchronised swimmers at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Giacomo Gastaldi (c. 1500 in Villafranca Piemonte – October 1566 in Venice) was an Italian cartographer, astronomer and engineer of the 16th century. Gastaldi (sometimes referred to as Jacopo or Iacobo) began their career as an engineer, serving the Venetian Republic in that capacity until the fourth decade of the sixteenth century. From about 1544 they turned their attention entirely to mapmaking, and their work represents several important turning points in cartographic development.
According to the author Philip Burden, Gastaldi's 1548 edition of Ptolemy's Geography, "was the most comprehensive atlas produced between Martin Waldseemüller's Geographia of 1513, and the Abraham Ortelius Theatrum of 1570,” because it included regional maps of the Americas. Yet Gastaldi's detailed attention to the new world was not their only contribution to the development of map production. The Ptolemy edition of 1548 was also an innovation in that Gastaldi and their publisher reduced the size of the volume, thereby making the first ‘pocket' atlas. Finally, Gastaldi's work also indicated a shift in cartographical technique via its use of the copper engraving. Prior to this period, most maps had been printed from woodcuts; by using a copper plate rather than a woodblock to print, the engraver could render a much higher level of finesse and detail.
Gastaldi was described by one contemporary as the ‘most excellent Piedmontese cosmographer.' As a cartographer, Gastaldi worked for various publishers, such as Nicolo Bascarini and Giovanbattista Pedrezano. But they also occasionally accepted private commissions, for example that from Venice's Council of Ten, who invited them to fresco maps of Asia and Africa on the walls of a room in the Doge's Palace.
Among their other works is the Asiae Nova Descriptio, engraved in copper in 1574.
References
External links
1564 Map of Africa by Gastaldi at the World Digital Library
Maps by Gastaldi at the Eran Laor Cartographic Collection, the National Library of Israel
1500 births
1566 deaths
16th-century Italian cartographers
Year of birth uncertain
16th-century Italian engineers
People from Villafranca Piemonte
Social Capital Entertainment is an American film production company involved in film, music and interactive entertainment. The company was founded in 2004 by producer and real estate investor Martin Shore together with Jonathan Platt and Jonathan Miller.
Social Capital produced and financed the psychological thriller, Tell-Tale, together with Ridley and Tony Scott. Tell Tale starred Josh Lucas, Lena Heady and Brian Cox, and was directed by Michael Cuesta (L.I.E., Dexter). They are soon to release 2001 Maniacs: Field of Screams, the sequel to 2001 Maniacs, the 2005 Social Capital horror film.
Other previous films include the period drama The Countess (Julie Delpy's follow-up to 2 Days in Paris) and Snoop Dogg's Hood of Horror (Lionsgate). The company has also produced soundtracks for such films as Saw (Lionsgate), Saw II (Lionsgate), Rize (Lionsgate) and Rock School (Newmarket), as well as for television series including Summerland.
See also
Social Capital Films — subsidiary.
References
Film production companies of the United States
Entertainment companies based in California
Companies based in Santa Monica, California
Entertainment companies established in 2004
2004 establishments in California
Elections to Runnymede Council were held on 4 May 2000. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 1999. The Conservative Party stayed in overall control of the council.
Election result
Ward results
References
2000 Runnymede election result
Ward results
2000
2000 English local elections
2000s in Surrey
Atergatis floridus, the floral egg crab, green egg crab or shawl crab, is a species of tropical Indo-Pacific crab from the family Xanthidae. The meat of this crab is toxic, even if cooked, and consumption often results in death.
Description
Atergatis floridus has an oval, relatively narrow carapace which has a smooth surface and smooth margins. The carapace is greenish or greenish-blue-brown and is marked with a pattern which resembles lace and is made up of a fine network of fine white or yellow lines white, resembling a shawl. It has large claws which are equal sizes and which are smooth with black spoon-shaped tips and which may be larger in males than females. The pereiopods are squarish in shape and quite thick with lilac edges and lack hair. The width of the carapace is . The carapace is approximately 1.4 times broader than it is long.
Distribution
Atergatis floridus occurs in the eastern Indian Ocean from south east Asia, south to Australia where it reaches Rottnest Island in Western Australia and possibly Sydney in the east, its range extends eastwards across the western pacific as far as Hawaii.
Biology
Atergatis floridus is an inhabitant of the neritic zone and prefers coral and rubble. It is largely nocturnal. A. floridus is host to the isopod Gigantione hainanensis and the rhizocephalan barnacles Loxothylacus aristatus, Loxothylacus corculum, Sacculina gordonae, Sacculina robusta, Sacculina spinosa and Sacculina weberi.
Toxicity
The meat of Atergatis floridus, like that of many related crab species from the family Xanthidae is toxic. The toxins are synthesised by bacteria of the genus Vibrio which live in symbiosis with the crab and the poisons are one similar to those found in puffer fish, i.e. tetrodotoxin, and also saxitoxin which is the primary toxin involved in paralytic shellfish poisoning.
Taxonomy
Atergatis floridus was considered to have a wide Indo-Pacific distribution but some authorities consider that the western Indian Ocean specimens belong to a different species, Atergatis ocryoe, which was considered a junior synonym of A. floridus. A. floridus sensu stricto is found in the eastern Indian Ocean and Western Pacific.
References
External links
Xanthoidea
Crustaceans described in 1767
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
A Member of the National Assembly (MNA) is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec, Canada.
In other jurisdictions within Canada, the titles used are:
"Member of Provincial Parliament" (MPP) in Ontario,
"Member of the House of Assembly" (MHA) in Newfoundland and Labrador, and
"Member of the Legislative Assembly" (MLA) in all other provinces and territories.
Parliamentary titles
Vendôme Redoubt may refer to a number of redoubts in Malta:
Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq Redoubt in Naxxar
Dellia Battery in St. Paul's Bay
Ramla Redoubt in Xagħra
Vendôme Tower in Marsaxlokk
Trump Tower Manila, also known as Trump Tower at Century City, is a residential building located in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines. The Trump Tower Manila showroom opened in early 2012, although the company has said that unit reservations started in September 2011. Groundbreaking of the building began in June 2012, with a scheduled opening in November 2017. Construction was nearly finished as of November 2016. The $150 million tower stands 57 stories high on completion. The building is located at the Century City mixed-use complex in Makati Poblacion. It is the third tallest building in the Philippines and second tallest in the Makati skyline.
Century City Development Corp., a unit of Century Properties Group, developed the residential skyscraper with the brand name and mark under license from American real estate mogul and former President of the United States Donald Trump, Trump Marks Philippines LLC.
Design and architecture
Trump Tower Manila's concept of the 'peeled' façade is articulated with internal balconies; the top and bottom corners peel away to accentuate the form of the tower. The facade's function is environmentally responsive, with light shelves and shading systems designed to react to the building's orientation in relation to sun's path.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Metro Manila
The Gramercy Residences
List of things named after Donald Trump
References
Notes
Century Properties; Trump Tower at Century City (Philippines); www.trumptowerphilippines.com
Design Details; www.trumptowerphilippines.com: Architecture section; under license 2011.
Skyscrapers in Makati
Residential skyscrapers in Metro Manila
Residential buildings completed in 2017
Fuxianospira gyrata is a Cambrian macroalgae found in the Chengjiang lagerstatte. Preserved in clustered, helicoid groups, the filaments are threadlike, plain and without branches. Brown and smooth in appearance, these structural characteristics display a resemblance to modern brown algae. A limited amount of algae species have been discovered in the Chengjiang biota, suggesting that diversity within the general algae population may have been sparse. It is thought that the macroalgae could be the most basic component of the Chengjiang biota food chain.
It is also theorised that Fuxianospira gyrata, among other Chengjiang algae, is actually a coprolite.
References
Heterokonts
Cambrian species
The Holy Family is a 1518 painting of the Holy Family (Jesus, Mary and Joseph), Saint Elisabeth, an infant John the Baptist and two angels. It is signed by Raphael, but most of the work was delegated to their workshop assistants. It was commissioned by Pope Leo X as a gift to Claude, wife of Francis I of France, hence its name. It is now in the Louvre.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
External links
wga.hu
Paintings by Raphael
Paintings in the Louvre by Italian artists
1518 paintings
Paintings depicting John the Baptist
Raphael
Angels in art
Djalu Gurruwiwi, also written Djalu ( – 12 May 2022), was a Yolngu man from Arnhem Land in northern Australia, known worldwide for their skill as a player, maker and spiritual keeper of the yiḏaki (didgeridoo). They were also a respected artist, with works in several galleries.
Life
Gurruwiwi was born at the mission station on Wirriku Island (also known as Jirgarri), one of the smaller islands in the Wessel Islands group. They have also self-reported being born on Milingimbi Island (also known as Yurruwi, in the Crocodile Islands), with both of these island groups being off Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory, Australia. Their date of birth is uncertain (the missionaries recorded their and two brothers as having the same birthdate – officially 1 January 1930), estimated 1940 or probably earlier.
They were given the European name "Willie" at some point, "Wulumbuyku" was another Aboriginal name, and their skin name was Wamut. Their father was Monyu Gurruwiwi and their mother Djikulu Yunupingu.
They were a member of the Gälpu clan, of the Dangu language group of the Yolngu peoples. They grew up living a traditional life in the remote area, hunting turtles with their father on a lipalipa (dug-out canoe), and with little contact with "balanda" (white people). They remembered Japanese bombers dropping bombs on their homeland during World War II, and later working alongside Japanese pearlers. The family, along with others in the clan, spent long periods on the remote island of Rrakala. They travelled across the chain of Wessel Islands from Nhulunbuy in dug-out canoes, using carved wooden paddles.
As a young man Gurruwiwi lived on Galiwinku (Elcho Island), working as a lumberjack, cutting large trees by hand. They were also given the responsibility for carrying out punishment for tribal law, becoming both respected and feared.
After a period when they succumbed to the destructive effects of alcohol after it was introduced to the remote areas, they say they were visited by a spirit in gaol one night and "found Jesus". They gave up drinking and devoted their life to the yiḏaki and spiritual and other studies. In 1994 they completed studies in Christian theology at Nungalinya College in Darwin, and became a respected Yolŋu lawman as well as a Christian leader.
As of 2020, Gurruwiwi and their family, along with some other members of the Galpu clan, lived at Birritjimi (also known as Wallaby Beach) on the Gove Peninsula They live in homes constructed in the 1970s to provide accommodation for Rio Tinto mining executives, handed over to traditional owners represented by Rirratjingu Aboriginal Corporation in 2008. The houses are in very poor condition and are facing demolition, as they are no longer deemed safe. The Northern Territory Government is providing emergency repairs, but says that the Northern Land Council is responsible for the maintenance of the homes. Rirratjingu has applied for funds to help move the residents to Nhulunbuy, Gunyangara and Yirrkala, but Djalu and their son Larry were reluctant to leave Birritjimi.
Gurruwiwi died in Arnhem Land after a long illness on 12 May 2022, believed to be aged in their late 80s.
Family
Gurruwiwi's wife is a sister of Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu, and they have several sons and at least one daughter, Zelda.
Their son Larry Larrtjaŋga Gurruwiwi is the future spiritual keeper of the yiḏaki and custodian of the Yolngu songlines and healing techniques passed down by their father. They featured as a didgeridu player in the feature film Jindalee Lady (1992), directed by Aboriginal director Brian Syron (credited as Larry Yapuma Gurruwiwi).
Larry and Andrew Gäyalaŋa Gurruwiwi led the Bärra West Wind band, with Jason Guwanbal Gurruwiwi, Vernon Marritŋu Gurruwiwi, Dion Marimunuk Gurruwiwi, and Adrian Guyundu Gurruwiwi also listed as members of the band in 2010. The band and Larry are featured in the 2017 film Westwind: Djalu's Legacy.
Larry, Jason and Vernon, in their new band, Malawurr, performed in Melbourne in June 2019 to help raise funds for the new film, Morning Star (see below) ahead of their first European tour, playing at WOMAD in the UK and other festivals in England and France. The band was scheduled to give a yiḏaki workshop and performance at the Rainbow Serpent Festival at Lexton, Victoria on 26 January 2020.
Music, culture and law
Gurruwiwi spent much time over several decades crafting their instruments and refining their technique. They sold their pieces to the local community arts centre, and various non-Indigenous workers and visitors.
Gurruwiwi was a senior member of their clan, having learned to play and make the yiḏaki from their father, Monyu, an important leader and warrior. Monyu gave Djalu the role of primary custodian of the yiḏaki for their clan, which is significant also for the wider Yolŋu communities, because other Arnhem Land clans see the Gälpu clan as one of the primary custodians of the instrument. However, there are many other Yolŋu people with the same role within their own clan, and their own particular type of yiḏaki.
Upon the death of their father, Djalu assumed the role of the elder responsible for passing on the skills as well as the cultural importance of the instrument. They became known among their people as the senior player and maker of the yiḏaki after attending many ceremonies with their brothers, who were singers, and also became fully informed in Yolŋu law. Much of the knowledge and cultural practice that they acquired is held sacred, so Gurruwiwi is held in high esteem.
In 1986, their reputation as craftsman was given a world stage when several of their friends and relatives formed the musical group Yothu Yindi, and commissioned Gurruwiwi to make their yiḏakis. Yothu Yindi has both Yolŋu and balanda members and spanned cultural boundaries, going on to win several ARIA awards and international fame.
Gurruwiwi's source of spiritual power has been linked to Wititj, the huge ancestral rainbow serpent. In the clan legends, the Wititj was said to create thunder and lightning as it moved across the land, but is also associated with the calm freshwater systems where the spirits reside, among water lilies and palm trees. The yiḏaki sometimes also contain these qualities: some have powerful acoustics, called baywarayiḏaki, (the power of lightning and thunder); others are Djuŋgarriny, long and deep-sounding, with a gentle, soothing sound, but also powerful: the vibrations are said to stir Wititj.
Art
Guruwiwi's art includes printmaking and earth pigments on stringybark (also known as bark paintings). They were also a painter of sacred miny'tji and a maker of sacred raŋga, objects rarely seen by outsiders.
Gurruwiwi is a respected artist, with their bark paintings on eucalyptus bark being acquired by numerous important institutions, including the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the South Australian Museum, the Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection of the University of Virginia and many private collections. Their work has been included in numerous exhibitions since 1990.
Some of their themes, styles and types of work include:
Mandji-dak body painting
Clan miny'tji (designs of saltwater and freshwater areas)
Wititj (olive python)
Dhonyin (Javan file snake)
Bol'ngu ("the Thunderman")
Tours and performances
Gurruwiwi delivered the first Yiḏaki Masterclass at the inaugural Garma Festival of Traditional Cultures (held at Gulkula, a significant Gumatj ceremonial site about from the township of Nhulunbuy) in 1999, and has delivered all subsequent Yiḏaki Masterclasses at the Festival since.
They have attended numerous other festivals and events both in Australia and abroad, including:
2002 Rripangu Yiḏaki Festival, Eisenbach, Germany
2003 Joshua Tree Festival, USA
2003 Indigenous Peoples Commission cultural visit, Taipei, Taiwan
2004 Dubai Sister Cities Forum, United Arab Emirates
2005 Yiḏaki Festa 2005, Okuhida & Tokyo, Japan
2005 Played for Nelson Mandela in Sydney
2007 Mulu Music Festival, Mooloolaba, Australia
At the 2015 edition of Womadelaide, they participated in an "Artists in Conversation" session as well as a performance that included Gotye and the Bärra (West Wind) musicians in Adelaide, South Australia.
Awards
Guruwiwi won the 2015 National Indigenous Music Award in the Traditional Song of the Year category, with East Journey, for Mokuy & Bonba.
Partial discography
Gurruwiwi's music released on CD includes:
Waluka: Gurritjiri Gurriwiwi, featuring Djalu Gurruwiwi. Traditional music from north-east Arnhem Land, Volume 2. Yothu Yindi Foundation – Contemporary Masters Series, 2001
Djalu teaches and plays yidaki (didjeridu). Traditional music from north-east Arnhem Land, Volume 3. Yothu Yindi Foundation – Contemporary Masters Series, 2001
Djalu Plays and Teaches Yidaki, Volume 2 (Songs and Stories from the Galpu Clan). Traditional music from north-east Arnhem Land, Volume 6. Yothu Yindi Foundation – Contemporary Masters Series, 2003
Diltjimurru: Djalu Gurruwiwi. ON-Records & Djalu Gurruwiwi, 2003
Films and videos
Westwind: Djalu's Legacy
In 2017, Westwind: Djalu's Legacy was released. It was directed by British filmmaker Ben Strunin, and also features Djalu's son Larry Gurruwiwi and multi-instrumentalist singer-songwriter Gotye. Initially titled Baywara (Yolngu for "lightning power", which features as a theme), the story tells of Gurruwiwi's need to pass on the sacred knowledge of the yidaki and its songlines, and Larry's initial reluctance to take on the role. The film's title echoes that of Larry's band, Bärra West Wind (Bärra being the Galpu name of the West Wind songline).
The film played to full houses at the 2018 Melbourne International Film Festival.
Updates on the Interpol cases and also information surrounding the release of the First Djalu Film of "Westwind: Djalu's legacy" at https://www.westwindfilm.com/
sitting before the courts of Lyon, France as a result of enslaved labor, and misappropriation of UN heritage and cultural arts and artifacts. More international cases are pending against's Legacy. Please support the #JusticeforDjalu campaign and get all the relevant funds and monies transferred to their family immediately. Support Fairtrade Indigenous Art, not Digital Slavery produced and distributed by https://www.madmanfilms.com.au/ for https://www.westwindfilm.com/
Other
Gurruwiwi has also featured in other films:
2000 Yidaki. Directed by Michael Butler, narrated by Jack Thompson, produced by Michelle White for Discovery Channel
2014 In Between Songs. Written, directed, produced, and co-edited by Joshua Bell and narrated by James Cromwell. In 2006, Bell spent six months in Nhulunbuy with Gurruwiwi, their wife, their sister, and various family members who came and went; they also traveled to the remote island of Rrakala, where Gurruwiwi and their family lived for long stretches when they were a child.
They also feature in numerous YouTube videos, which attract tens of thousands of views. An International Press from Lyon, France by a local team affiliated with renowned Amal Clooney has addressed the ongoing cultural misappropriation by Ben Strunin, and at Mad Man Films, (https://www.madmanfilms.com.au/) the production team behind West Wind Legacy of Djalu Gurruwiwi (where the family close to being destitute in Arnhem land have been paid a slave's wage of merely, $2,000 Australian Dollars to date from Ben Strunin and Mad Man films.) This is a direct violation of bylaws governed by UNHRC Human rights watch groups and Amnesty International Advocacy Groups too. This is a separate case before Lyon, France, and has been filed accordingly.
The #JusticeforDjalu campaign is now in full swing from the legal office of New York City, the USA, and London, UK please support Fairtrade Art only. ( The international team is calling on all to please add to the database here and help to search and verify stolen art from Djalu and Galpu as this case is now before Lyon and the Hague of the ICJ. This is now in progress and has been passed to their International Justice at the final courts, with all the reports with "hard" evidence now submitted and accepted into the higher chambers. Accordingly, Red Notices are to be issued by next month.
Please add more details on art violations and cultural misappropriation at https://www.interpol.int/en/Crimes/Cultural-heritage-crime/Stolen-Works-of-Art-Database) Any more details on the robbery of all arts from the Galpu people to date and from Djalu Gurruwiwi, or of the UN-recognized nation of Dulunguru please contact our international point person Amal Clooney at ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amal_Clooney & also on https://cfj.org/pillar/minorities/) On the 20th of September, 2022, Amal Clooney and their team will be on the trial watch APP (in NT, Australia) with regards to the "stolen funds film project" of Westwinds Djalu Legacy, stolen arts of the nation of Galpu people by(Katherine Pattman, Jesse Lyon and Ben Strunin & others). Also all production and distributions and monies owed from www.westwindfilm.com as under forensic audits now will be filed in Lyon, France. Any evidence purporting to the above can be added at https://cfj.org/pillar/minorities/ attention Trial Watch, attention Amal Clooney and also supplied to all investigative teams now on the cases at https://www.interpol.int/en/Crimes/Cultural-heritage-crime/Stolen-Works-of-Art-Database
Morning Star
The maker of Westwind: Djalu's Legacy, Ben Strunin, was invited by Djalu and Larry Gurruwiwi to make a sequel to Westwind, which is in the process of crowdfunding the film. It follows the brothers' band, Malawurr, on tour through England, the Czech Republic, Wales, and France in 2019. The film will also include Larry's participation in groundbreaking medical research, "to quantify the effects of the traditional vibrational sound healing that they were taught by Djalu".
As of now, Ben Strunin is wanted by Interpol and parties for theft of artifacts and the complicit nature of cultural heritage crime (https://www.interpol.int/en/Crimes/Cultural-heritage-crime). As a direct result, the above film and all their current work are being taken over by a reputable media production house aligned with (UMG Media Asia, based in Taiwan and Hong Kong). There is interest from Hollywood and reputable, NGOs to ensure the authentic distribution and publishing the previous films and forthcoming Morning Star, soon to be released.
Notes
References
External Links
1930s births
2022 deaths
Didgeridoo players
Indigenous Australian musicians
Musicians from the Northern Territory
Yolngu
20th-century Australian musicians
20th-century Australian male musicians
21st-century Australian musicians
21st-century Australian male musicians
Oberon Mall is a shopping mall located in the Indian city of Kochi. The mall was opened formally on 2 March 2009, though it was launched in 2008. The cost of construction of the mall is about 1 billion. It is built on an area of across five floors of shops. It also has office spaces and covers grounds of up to .
Oberon Mall was developed and promoted by the Oberon Group of Companies, India. The mall is one of the busiest shopping avenues for the city of Kochi.
Wild Fish, a world-class seafood store from Abad Food Services which offers live, fresh and frozen seafood, opened their store in Oberon Mall. A fire broke out at Oberon Mall in May 2017 but no severe damage was reported.
Shopping
Shops at the mall include Reliance Trends, Reliance SMART, Reliance Footprint, Reliance Digital, Basics, Peter England, Navigator, Scullers, Style Play, Funskool, American Tourister, Twin Birds, Woodlands and Vismay.
Entertainment
PVR Cinemas is the primary entertainment and family leisure activity offered by the mall.
References
Shopping malls in Kochi
2008 establishments in Kerala
Shopping malls established in 2008
Syed Mehboob Rizwi (1911–1979) was an Indian Sunni Islamic scholar, author and historian, best known for Tarikh Darul Uloom Deoband, their two volume Urdu work on the history of Darul Uloom Deoband.
Biography
Syed Mehboob Rizwi was born in 1911 in a Rizwi Sayyid family in Deoband. They studied Islamic sciences at the Madrasa Manba-ul-Ulum Gulaothi and Darul Uloom Deoband.
Rizwi served different educational and research departments of the Darul Uloom Deoband from 1933 until they died. They were also office in-charge of seminary's record room.
Rizwi wrote for different journals and newspapers including, Weekly Al-Jamiat, Monthly Al-Burhan, Monthly Molvi and Monthly Deen-o-Dunya of Delhi, Monthly Ma'arif, Azamgarh, Monthly Haadi, Deoband, Monthly Shams al-Mashayikh, Bhopal, Monthly Shams-ul-Islam, Amritsar and Bi-monthly Asia, Lahore. They also wrote for the Darul Uloom, the monthly journal of Darul Uloom Deoband
Rizwi died in 1979.
Literary works
Books include:
Maktoobat-e-Nabvi
Tarikh Darul Uloom Deoband (The History of Darul Uloom Deoband, translated to English by Murtaz Husain F. Quraishi).
Aab-e-ZamZam
Makateeb-e-Hijaz
Tazkirah Saadat-e-Rizwiyyah
Tarikh-e-Deoband
See also
List of Indian writers
Antony Theodore
Tapan Kumar Pradhan
Asghar Ali Engineer
References
Bibliography
1911 births
1979 deaths
Deobandis
Indian Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
20th-century Indian historians
Indian Muslim historians of Islam
The Nissan MA10ET is an in-line 4-cylinder engine made by the Nissan Motor Co. It is one of the engines installed in Nissan Micra K10 type.
Engine kind/spec
Number of cylinders: Four water-cooled in-line cylinders
Total capacity(cc): 987
Compression ratio: 8.0
Max power(PS/rpm): /6000
Max torque (/rpm): /4400
Fuel supply device: Nissan Motor ECCS
Power resource(V-AH): 12-30
Fuel(l): 40L Unleaded regular
See also
Nissan
Nissan MA engine
Nissan March
Nissan March Turbo
Nissan Figaro
MA10ET
Tariq Mahmood Bajwa is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-75 (Faisalabad-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 83,699 votes and defeated Ghulam Rasool Sahi, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q). In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as an independent candidate from Constituency PP-51 (Faisalabad-I) but was unsuccessful. They received 92 votes and lost the seat to Haji Liaqat Ali, a candidate of PPP.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-75 (Faisalabad-I) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 9,916 votes and lost the seat to Ghulam Rasool Sahi.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People's Party politicians
Punjabi people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Radcliffe Observatory Quarter (ROQ) is a major University of Oxford development project in Oxford, England, in the estate of the old Radcliffe Infirmary hospital.
The site, covering 10 acres (3.7 hectares) is in central north Oxford. It is bounded by Observatory Street and Green Templeton College to the north, the Woodstock Road to the east, Somerville College to the south, and Walton Street to the west. The project and the new university area is named after the grade I listed Radcliffe Observatory to the north east of the site, now the centrepiece of Green Templeton College, which is intended to form the visual centrepiece of the project.
History
In 2009, planning permission was granted by Oxford City Council for the refurbishment of the grade II* listed Radcliffe Infirmary (the oldest wing of the hospital) and the grade II listed St Luke's Chapel and Outpatients Building, which flank the entrance courtyard. The Chapel is now deconsecrated and serves as a venue for events. Archaeological excavations were undertaken by the Museum of London. The remains of three Bronze Age barrows and ring ditches were found, together with evidence of settlement in Saxon times.
New accommodation at Somerville College opened in September 2011. For 2012, the Radcliffe Infirmary is being refurbished for occupation by the Humanities Divisional Office, the Faculty of Philosophy, and the Philosophy and Theology Libraries.
In June 2012, New Radcliffe House, by Walton Street on the ROQ development site, was completed by the construction company Longcross. The Jericho Health Centre moved into the ground floor of this new building shortly afterwards.
A new Mathematical Institute for the University of Oxford has been built on the site, named after the mathematician Sir Andrew Wiles, who proved Fermat's Last Theorem. The site will also include a Humanities Building and Library, the Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences, and the Blavatnik School of Government.
Construction of the Blavatnik School of Government finished in 2015. It is a 22 meter tall building immediately south of Freud's café on Walton Street, designed by the Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron, using a £75 million donation from the billionaire Leonard Blavatnik. The Campaign to Protect Port Meadow that has been formed to protest against the Oxford University Castle Mill graduate housing development south of Port Meadow was opposed to this proposal as well due to its impact on the Oxford skyline.
In March 2016, Oxford University's Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences relocated from New Radcliffe House to the refurbished Outpatient's Building, adjacent to the old Radcliffe Infirmary. Following a £14m investment, the Grade II-listed outpatients building has been transformed into a new research and teaching centre for primary care researchers. It had been empty since 2007, when the outpatient services were transferred to the West Wing of the John Radcliffe Hospital in Headington.
Delayed construction of Humanities building
After securing planning permission for a new Humanities building in 2010, construction was put on hold due to the 'uncertain financial climate.' In 2015, a spokesperson for the University said that the university planned to begin construction of a new Humanities building on the site in 2018. However, the head of the Humanities Division later said that construction would begin in 2021. In June 2019, the university announced that Stephen A. Schwarzman had donated £150 million to establish the Schwarzman Centre for the Humanities.
Gallery
References
External links
Radcliffe Observatory Quarter website
Oxford University Library Services information
Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences
2009 establishments in England
University of Oxford sites
Buildings and structures of the University of Oxford
Planned developments
Green Templeton College, Oxford
Scopula michinoku is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Japan.
References
Moths described in 1994
michinoku
Moths of Japan
Autarky can be defined as the quality of being self-sufficient, thus energy-autarkic habitats are human dwellings which are independent concerning energy consumption for living. This may be based on resource efficiency, choice of building materials, living space, and so forth. Autonomic habitats are similar but reflect that fact that the person desires to act morally solely for the sake of doing "good", independently of other incentives. Subsistence agriculture can be considered a form of autarkic living. With the advent of industrialization networks for energy were set up, which led to dependency, but made life easier in many respects. Autarkic living can be seen as a trend "back to the roots": using renewable energy and being independent of coal, gas and oil.
Historic examples for autarkic habitats
There are several historical examples of habitats that could be considered autarkic, including: Stone Age caves/shelters/huts, mountain cabins, Bedouin tents, and Inuit igloos.
Past and present examples for autarkic habitats
Antique houses and urban design
Even in antic times people thought of energy-efficient living and tried to optimise their conditions.
By orientation to the winter sun to get as many sunrays as possible for heating up the building and less exposure to the winter wind, protection from the summer sun to achieve the different effect and ventilation by the summer wind, compact forms with less surface.
Igloo
An Igloo is a habitat with a compact form that has little surface (compare the low energy form of a drop of water; compare the optimised relation of volume to surface of a ball or globe). This results in less exposure to the wind and reduces hence the cooling of the building. The igloo contains an airtight shell which again assists to keep the temperature inside constant. Concerning heating there is relatively small volume to heat (as mentioned above; volume-surface-ratio).
Peat house
A peat house provides, similar to the igloo, a compact form with less surface and hence less exposure to the wind. It also shows a nearly airtight shell with good heat insulation (peat). An optimised orientation to the sun adds additional degrees during the day.
Log house
Log houses have the same advantages as mentioned above. The material wood offers also a good heat insulation and a good airtightness can be reached by filling the gaps with moss and clay.
Monte Rosa Cabin
Monte Rosa Cabins mark a milestone in high alpine building presenting a high degree of energy autarky of over 90%, meaning that 90% of needed energy is obtained locally from renewable sources. The technical systems are based on existing technology (combined heat and power unit, photovoltaics, thermal collectors), innovative wastewater treatment (the wastewater is going to be purified on-site to be reused as greywater) and foremost an ingenious energy management, which takes into account external conditions such as weather forecast and anticipated occupancy schedules to achieve the demanding goal of the high degree of autarky.
Mikrohaus
The basis for Mikrohaus is a 8,80 × 3,44 × 3,25 m cube that allows as kind of modular assembly system to combine several of them and hence to generate a flexibility in the size. The cube(s) don't have any fundament (only screws of 1,40 m length) which allows some kind of mobile living. No cement and therefore time for drying is requisite. Additional floats allow also an installation on water. The building offers a high isolation up to passive house including e.g. photovoltaic (PV) energy supply.
The cubical form allows a good ratio from volume to surface.
The concept includes waste water treatment for greywater via wastewater treatment plant with an ultraviolet light (UV) treatment unit for sanitary water.
Additional planted walls (www.gruenwand.at) are used outside (for cooling/summer, isolation/winter, noise prevention) and inside (for climate and humidity aspects) which also are used as water-filters as kind of biological purification plant.
Autarc homes
Autarc homes provides the 1st swimming passive-house worldwide and was originated to provide clients autarkic buildings on the basis of a protective handling of our natural resources to present the following generations a working basis of life.
The swimming and rotatable passiv-house has its own on-board energy generation, water supply and disposal.
The idea is to provide a sustainable, energy-efficient, environmentally compatible and affordable living space. The building can be orientated at the sun to get the most possible effect out of it. As this building is located on water the rotation process is done very energy-efficient.
The tasks are decentralized energy supply and storage, decentralized effluent disposal and recycling/ reprocessing and drinking water supply.
Pithouse
Energy production
Life on our planet is a permanent energy flow between living things and the environment. Most of the currently used energy resources, such as oil, coal, natural gas and uranium are non-renewable. The supply of them buried in the earth is limited and (with the exception of uranium) we are using them up at a rapid pace.
Renewable energy resources such as Solar energy, wind energy, small hydroelectricity (e.g. Swimming hydroelectric power plant), geothermal energy and biomass fuels are becoming increasingly attractive. Solar, Photovoltaics, water and wind energy do not send pollutants into the air as occurs with coal and petroleum energy.
Hydrogen storage (storage by hydrogen)
The objectives are to store H2 in solid metal hydrides from which it can be readily recovered by heating which is an alternative and safe, highly volume efficient storage method. The final aim is to provide a storage technology that is attractive both economically and environmentally.
See also
Green building
Passive house
Zero-energy building
Energy Autonomy: The Economic, Social & Technological Case for Renewable Energy, by Hermann Scheer
Examples
1st zero-energy-hotel
Boutiquehotel Stadthalle won "Klimaschutzpreis 2010"
Autarc floating pavilion
Green Energy Options for Housing
Renewable energy options for buildings: Case studies
Energy Autonomy: New Politics for Renewable Energy
References
External links
The Passive House – historical review
Habitats
Sustainable energy
Nobody I Know is a song written by Paul McCartney (attributed to Lennon–McCartney) which Peter and Gordon recorded in an April 1964 session at Abbey Road Studio. Peter and Gordon had had a UK and US #1 hit with the McCartney composition "A World Without Love" and McCartney wrote "Nobody I Know" with the specific intent of providing a follow-up hit for the duo. Billboard described the song as a "strong follow-up" to "A World Without Love." Cash Box described it as "a captivating uptempo romancer...that the twosome wraps up with loads of charm."
Chart performance
"Nobody I Know" reached #10 UK and #12 US.
Cover versions
A French rendering entitled "Partir, il nous faut" was recorded by Petula Clark and issued on a 1965 EP headed by their hit "Dans les temps".
References
1964 singles
Songs written by Lennon–McCartney
Peter and Gordon songs
Columbia Graphophone Company singles
Capitol Records singles
1964 songs
Song recordings produced by John Burgess
The 1957 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the 1957 NCAA University Division football season. The team's head football coach was Bus Mertes. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium. 1957 saw the Wildcats finish with a record of 3–6–1, and a 2–4 record in Big Seven Conference play. The Wildcats scored only 124 points while giving up 166. The finished tied for fifth in the Big Seven.
Schedule
References
Kansas State
Kansas State Wildcats football seasons
Kansas State Wildcats football
James "Jimmy" Disbrow (July 9, 1948 – October 16, 2002) was a figure skater and restaurateur who later served as president of the United States Figure Skating Association from 1998 to 2000.
Disbrow contracted polio as a child and started skating to strengthen their legs. They won the silver medal in the junior men's division at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in 1966 and also competed in pairs at the national level with partner Katie Walker. They were coached by David and Rita Lowery; they became their adopted family. Scott Hamilton, who also trained with the Lowerys at the time, later cited Disbrow as one of their childhood role models.
Following their competitive skating career, Disbrow spent two years touring with Holiday on Ice. Later, they became a skating judge. They were chairperson of the USFSA's International Committee during the Tonya Harding scandal at the time of the 1994 Winter Olympics and served as the US figure skating team leader at the 1998 Winter Olympics and chairperson of the organizing committee for the 1998 World Figure Skating Championships in Minneapolis, Minnesota before their election to the USFSA presidency.
Jim Disbrow co-founded the Buffalo Wild Wings & Weck (later renamed Buffalo Wild Wings) restaurant chain with Scott Lowery in 1982 and served as its president and CEO until 1997.
Disbrow died of brain cancer at age 54. They had been diagnosed with the disease shortly after their election to the USFSA presidency in 1998.
References
Obituary from USOC
Scott Hamilton, Landing It. .
1948 births
2002 deaths
Figure skating officials
American restaurateurs
Deaths from brain cancer in the United States
20th-century American businesspeople
E. Dale Saunders (1919–1995) was an American scholar of Romance languages and literature, Japanese Buddhism, classical Japanese literature, and East Asian civilization.
Life
Saunders obtained an A.B. degree from Western Reserve University in 1941 and an M.A. in Romance Philology from Harvard in 1942. They continued their studies in Japanese after joining the U.S. Naval Reserve, later earning an M.A. from Harvard in 1948 and an Doctorat de l'Université de Paris in 1953.
Saunders was a teaching fellow in Romance Languages and Literature at Harvard in 1942 and again in 1945–48. After working as instructor in French at Boston University (1946), Chargé de mission, titre étranger in the Musée Guimet in Paris (1950), Lecturer at the University of Paris (1951–52), and Assistant Professor at the International Christian University in Tokyo (1954–55), Saunders joined the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania in 1955 as assistant professor. They became associate professor in 1963 and full professor in 1968.
Selected works
Translations
In addition to their contributions to scholarship, Saunders is known for their English translations of modern Japanese literature by authors such as Abe Kōbō (Inter Ice Age 4, The Woman in the Dunes, The Face of Another, The Ruined Map, and The Box Man) and Mishima Yukio (The Temple of Dawn in conjunction with Cecilia Segawa Seigle).
Saunders has also translated several books into French, including the three-volume A History of Japanese Literature: From the Manyoshu to Modern Times by Shūichi Katō and Le jeu de l'indulgence: Etude de psychologie fondée sur le concept japonais d'amae by Doi Takeo.
Other works
Mudra: A Study of Symbolic Gestures in Japanese Buddhist Sculpture
Mythologies of the Ancient World
Japanese Buddhism
External links
Obituary
1919 births
1995 deaths
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Paris alumni
Boston University faculty
University of Paris faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Japanese–English translators
Japanese literature academics
20th-century translators
NeoPlanet was a Trident-shell graphical web browser initially released in 1997 by New York based Bigfoot International, Inc. and later maintained and developed by its subsidiary NeoPlanet, Inc. It was one of the first browsers to be fully skinnable.
Neoplanet was a "plug-out" extension for Internet Explorer which created an integrated branded environment for the user. Within the environment, users could web browse, email, and chat. Much simpler to use than basic browsers, Neoplanet was a portal-like browser created for non-techie users. Unlike web portals which lost control of the users every time they surfed to a new site, chatted, or emailed, Neoplanet's environment followed the users wherever they went on the Internet.
The Neoplanet program was originally created by James Friskel. Neoplanet Inc. was a subsidiary of Bigfoot International, Inc. Both companies were founded by Lenny Barshack and James Hoffman.
History
A beta version of a trident shell NeoPlanet was released in October 1997, one month after Internet Explorer 4.0 release. It featured a built-in directory of channels further divided into categories and was for use with Windows 95 and NT. In the fall of 1998 Bigfoot released the NeoPlanet 2.0 version with a new feature of customizable interface. It was positioned as an adjunct to Netscape which it required to run, and as an alternative to Microsoft's and AOL offerings. The new version also featured Snap (a joint-venture between CNET and NBC) and Alexa services incorporated into the browser. The free 1.9MB download was a significant interface upgrade with four skins included and 16 more available on the newly launched NeoPlanet site, while the Microsoft Internet Explorer's underlying features remained unchanged.
In January 1999, Bigfoot spun out the NeoPlanet division into NeoPlanet, Inc. By spring 2000, NeoPlanet had moved its headquarters to Tempe, Arizona. It then raised $23 million from Integral Capital, J & W Seligman, Constellation Ventures, Broadview and several other investors during the second round of funding. Drew Cohen, hired by Barshack and Hoffman to head the new venture, relocated several Bigfoot team members to work on the project, including Warren Adelman (Business Development), Thomas Santoriello (Creative Design), and Frank Robledano (Content Direction). One of NeoPlanet's primary business strategies was to provide customizable browser interfaces to third parties, pioneering the branded browsers niche.
McAfee and Terra Lycos were among NeoPlanet's first partners, each launching multiple versions of branded browsers. Also in 1999, NeoPlanet, together with New Line Cinema, launched the Austin Powers browser to coincide with the premiere date of Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. The Austin Powers Browser marked NeoPlanet's first branded browser for a feature film. The NeoPlanet/New Line launch of the Dr. Evil Browser soon followed.
With the release of version 5.0, Neoplanet made a move toward virtual communities. The browser described as an "Internet Desktop" added Macromedia Flash, instant messaging and the sharing of channels and other user-generated content.
Throughout 2000, NeoPlanet garnered partnerships to market and distribute branded browsers with major companies in the entertainment, computer manufacturing and sports arenas, including Universal Studios, Interscope/Geffen/A&M Records, USA Networks, MTV, The Lord of the Rings, TV Guide, Hewlett Packard, Carolina Hurricanes and Phoenix Coyotes. Also, a "matching skins" campaign with RealNetworks allowed users to match the look-and-feel of the NeoPlanet Browser with that of RealNetworks' RealJukebox TM.
Also in 2000, Universal Pictures launched the official Grinch Web Browser at www.meanone.com to promote the movie Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas. The new browser featured unique interface designs with sounds and images from The Grinch movie and direct "channel" links to Grinch Web sites and the Universal Pictures Web sites. The Grinch Browser also featured a Lycos/Grinch Club, an integrated online community that provided movie fans with a vehicle for sharing similar interests with other users.
In 2001 NeoPlanet released its Viassary suite designed to personalize PC users` experience and to help companies to better understand and communicate with their customers. Compaq and HP were among its clients. As of 2001 the number of Neoplanet users reached 8 million.
Later that year, Bigfoot International Incorporated was divided and sold off by the Acxiom Corporation due to loss of investment and the dot-com collapse.
Features
The client part of NeoPlanet browser resided on the desktop as a small application environment (less than 2Mbs) providing: Internet navigation, an embedded customizable directory, a new level of personalization through customization of the GUI, integrated e-mail, chat and automatic updates. The customizability of the application created ability for distribution and content partners to brand the user's online experience.
The server side of NeoPlanet's product enabled collection of rich data about the end-user's online experience, enabling timely and relevant targeted advertising.
Skins
Skins were a prominent feature of NeoPlanet, so much so that it is reported that the first ever use of the term "skin" as describing a customized interface was the result of a conversation between Robledano, Santoriello, and Friskel at a local pub, and after that was swiftly picked up by technology enthusiasts. It was the first browser to be fully skinnable. Many skins were created by users. NeoPlanet became popular for creating browsers for movies, such as New Line Cinema's Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me or Universal Pictures' How the Grinch Stole Christmas and sports teams, such as the Phoenix Coyotes. The browser had been branded by MTV, USA Networks, Interscope-Geffen-A&M, Hewlett-Packard, TV Guide among others. It had over 550 available skins as for October 2001 and 15 million skins downloads.
Integrated apps
In addition to e-mail, NeoPlanet integrated other Internet communications features, specifically, instant messaging, e-mail, and bookmark sharing.
The Channel Bar: customizable bookmarks
NeoPlanet was the first browser to include sophisticated bookmark management, what was referred to as the "Channel Bar". The channels offered a simple tree structure interface where users could visit the site and download entire channel packs related to specific types of content, sets of bookmarks that featured “best of” links for special interests, local information and web based resources, such as "Art", "Automotive", "Technology", and many others. Users were encouraged to share their own channels on the NeoPlanet site.
Technology
NeoPlanet's client server architecture was built to allow future models to be plugged in via an object model. NeoPlanet's auto-update feature was designed to facilitate deploying these new features. The front-end was a complex layered series of software objects that are presented to the user as one unified application. This was accomplished through an abstraction layer which allows for independence of the HTML rendering engines, independence of look and feel for re-branding/distribution by partners, and communication with the NeoPlanet back-end. The NeoPlanet front-end had the ability to dynamically respond to requests from the back-end to update itself in whole or in part.
NeoPlanet's client/server architecture also included a scalable back-end server component. The NeoPlanet back-end had the ability to track and target marketing and promotions, even through corporate firewalls.
Issued patents
Messaging system for indicating status of a sender of electronic mail and method and computer program product therefor
Method in a computer system for embedding a child window in a parent window
See also
List of web browsers
References
External links
1997 software
Discontinued web browsers
Internet Explorer shells
Windows web browsers
Battle Stations is an album by saxophonists Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded in 1960 and released on Prestige Records.
Reception
AllMusic reviewer Alex Henderson stated: "Battle Stations is an album that fans of heated two-tenor exchanges shouldn't overlook."
Track listing
"What's Happening" (Fletcher Henderson) – 6:51
"Abundance" (Norman Simmons) – 6:54
"If I Had You" (Jimmy Campbell and Reg Connelly, Ted Shapiro) – 6:45
"63rd Street Theme" (Johnny Griffin) – 7:12
"Pull My Coat" (Richard Evans) – 6:40
"Hey Jim!" (Babs Gonzales, James Moody) – 8:00
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Johnny Griffin – tenor saxophone
Norman Simmons – piano
Victor Sproles – bass
Ben Riley – drums
References
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
Johnny Griffin albums
1960 albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Prestige Records albums
Eglė Jurgaitytė (born 24 January 1998, in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian singer and radio presenter. Jurgaitytė represented Lithuania at Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 were they finished in 3rd place.
Career
They started their singer career in 2002 when they were just four years old. In 2007 and 2008 Jurgaitytė participated at Lithuanian National Radio and Television talent show, Mažųjų žvaigždžių ringas 3", and reached final.
In 2008 they won national Lithuanian selection for Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 and represented Lithuania in the contest. In the final, they sang their song "Laiminga diena" and reached 3rd place.
In 2010, they participated in TV3 project "Chorų karai" (Lithuanian format of "Clash of the Choirs") where they were leader of second capital city choir of Vilnius. Jurgaitytė's producer is famous N.E.O. vocalist Raigardas Tautkus.
In 2018 they participated in the Lithuanian edition of The Voice and finished second.
As of 2021 Jurgaitytė presensts the basketball themed radio programme, Žalgiris“ and morning show on ZIP FM.
As of 2022 Jurgaitytė presensts "Tiek žinių" on YouTube TV channel "Laisvė TV" ("Freedom TV").
See also
Lithuania in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008
References
21st-century Lithuanian women singers
Lithuanian radio personalities
Lithuanian child singers
Living people
Junior Eurovision Song Contest entrants
1998 births
Musicians from Vilnius
Daviesia decurrens, commonly known as prickly bitter-pea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is spreading, erect, or low-lying shrub with scattered, sharply-pointed, narrow triangular phyllodes, and yellowish pink and velvety red flowers.
Description
Daviesia decurrens is a spreading, erect or low-lying, glabrous shrub that typically grows to high and wide. Its leaves are reduced to scattered, sharply-pointed, triangular to tapering, decurrent phyllodes long and wide at the base. The flowers are arranged in groups of three to seven in leaf axils on a peduncle long, the rachis up to , each flower on a pedicel long with bracts about long. The sepals are long and joined at the base, the two upper lobes minute and the lower three long. The standard petal is elliptic or egg-shaped, long, wide and yellowish pink with a velverty red base. The wings are long and red, and the keel is long and red. Flowering mainly occurs from May to August and the fruit is an inflated, broadly triangular pod long.
Taxonomy and naming
Daviesia decurrens was first formally described in 1844 by Carl Meissner in Lehmann's Plantae Preissianae. The specific epithet (decurrens) means "decurrent".
In 2017, Michael Crisp and Gregory T. Chandler described two subspecies in Phytotaxa, and the names are accepted by the Australian Plant Census:
Daviesia decurrens Meisn. subsp. decurrens has strongly decurrent phyllodes up to long and up to wide;
Daviesia decurrens subsp. hamata Crisp & G.Chandler has scarcely decurrent, cylindrical phyllodes up to long and wide.
Distribution and habitat
Prickly bitter-pea grows is found from near Dongara to Busselton and eastwards to near Albany. Subspecies decurrens mostly grows in eucalypt woodland and forest, sometimes in swampland. Subspecies hamata grows in heathland and occurs further inland than subsp. decurrens, from Marchagee to Brookton and inland to near Coolgardie.
Conservation status
Both subspecies of Daviesia decurrens are classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions.
References
decurrens
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1844
Taxa named by Carl Meissner
Bon Tut (, also Romanized as Bon Tūt) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 18 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Qanyaruq-e Bala (, also Romanized as Qānyārūq-e Bālā; also known as Guniarūkh Bāla, Qanīāroq-e Bālā, Qānyāroq-e ‘Olyā, Qānyārūq-e ‘Olyā, and Qonyārūq-e ‘Olya) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
John Harold Hare (June 8, 1920 – March 23, 2009) was Canadian politician, agrologist and professor.
Political career
Hare was the Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament for the Winnipeg-area riding of St. Boniface for one year. They were elected in a 1978 by-election in what was considered a safe Liberal seat after being defeated in the 1974 federal election by Revenue minister Joseph Guay. Hare won, in part by capitalizing on the dislike of Trudeau by anglophone voters in a riding that has a significant francophone population and claimed that French Canadians followed instructions from their parish priests on how to vote. Hare's victory was the first time the Tories won the riding since the 1958 election landslide by John Diefenbaker's Conservatives. The by-election (one of 15 held on the same day across the country) was seen as a litmus test for the Liberal government of Pierre Trudeau.
Nevertheless, Hare was defeated in the 1979 federal election despite the defeat of Trudeau's government by Joe Clark's Progressive Conservatives. Joe Borowski, co-ordinator of the anti-abortion group Campaign Life claimed that their group's work was the main reason for Hare's defeat. They died in Winnipeg in 2009.
References
External links
1920 births
2009 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Manitoba
Batts is an English surname, derived from a diminutive of Bartholomew. Notable people with the surname include:
Anthony Batts (born 1960), American police chief
Deborah Batts (1947-2010), American lawyer and judge
Elizabeth Batts (1742–1835), British wife of James Cook
Lloyd Batts (born 1951), American basketball player
Matt Batts (1921–2013), American baseball player
Nathaniel Batts (1620–1679), American trader and explorer
R. L. Batts (1864–1935), American judge
Thomas Batts (16th century), English settler and explorer
See also
Stephen Batts (born 1946), hospital and healthcare international adviser.
Mikey Batts (born 1983), ring name of American wrestler Michael Altieri
Batts are also a building insulation product. See Building insulation materials#Fiberglass batts and blankets (Glass wool)
Bat
Batt (disambiguation)
Also short for Battery
English-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
The Super-Sons are a pair of fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The characters were created by Bob Haney and Dick Dillin and first appeared in World's Finest Comics #215 (January 1973). The characters were featured in stories about the sons of Superman and Batman.
In 2017, DC Comics launched a Super Sons monthly comic book series featuring new versions of the characters, going by the names Superboy (Jonathan Kent, the son of Superman and Lois Lane), and Robin (Damian Wayne, the son of Batman and Talia al Ghul).
Publication history
The Super-Sons first appeared together in World's Finest Comics #154 (December 1965). Batman's imaginary son was seen first in Batman #131 (April 1960), Batman #145 (February 1962) and Batman #163 (May 1964). The Super-Sons, Superman Jr. (Clark Kent Jr.) and Batman Jr. (Bruce Wayne Jr.), were college-aged versions of their superhero fathers. Their mothers are never referred to by name, nor are their faces ever shown, though Superman's wife is dark-haired and Batman's wife is a redhead. The Super-Sons look almost exactly like their fathers and wear identical costumes. The characters spoke with a slightly exaggerated version of the slang popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s. They regard each other as brothers since both understand the pressures involved in being the son of a living legend. Like their father, Batman Jr. has no superhuman powers and relies on athletic prowess and gadgets. Superman Jr., who is only half-Kryptonian, has powers levels of only half that of Superman, Sr.
Although the very first Super-Sons appearance stated that these were actual stories in the lives of Superman and Batman, the final story in World's Finest #263, "Final Secret of the Super-Sons", written by Dennis O'Neil, revealed that the Sons had never really existed — they were merely computer simulations of what might have been, created by Superman and Batman on the Man of Steel's computer in their Fortress of Solitude.
They later inspired the characters Joel Kent and Bruce Wayne Jr. in the three Superman & Batman: Generations comic book series.
It was thought that the events of the Crisis on Infinite Earths limited series had erased Superman Jr. and Batman Jr. from DC continuity, but this assumption was later shown to be incorrect.
A Super-Sons story by Bob Haney was published in the comic special Elseworlds 80-Page Giant (1999). In "Elseworlds" tales, "heroes are taken from their usual settings and put into strange times and places – some that have existed, and others that can't, couldn't or shouldn't exist". Eventually, the Super-Sons reality would be named Earth-216 and designated a Hypertime reality unaffected by the Crisis.
The Earth-154 variant of the Super-Sons (and their fathers) appear briefly during the Infinite Crisis limited series, during which time Alexander Luthor, Jr. of Earth-Three warps reality in an attempt to restore the DC Multiverse. Their planet and countless other Earths later contract into a single "New Earth". In the limited series 52, it is revealed that 52 identical parallel universes were created. During their subsequent attempt to consume the multiverse, the evil Venusian worm Mister Mind altered each of the parallel worlds, creating distinct histories for each. According to DC Nation #89, one of those worlds is Earth-16, home of the Super-Sons.
In September 2011, The New 52 rebooted DC's continuity. In this new timeline, the Super-Sons (Chris Kent as Superman and Damian Wayne as Batman) reside on Earth-16 as members of the Just—the sons and daughters of the classic JLA who have inherited a crimeless, utopian universe and so live as idle celebrities.
The Super-Sons stories
The titles of the individual 'Parts' of the stories are presented here as they were written in the comic books; in other words, that of Part Two of Little Town With A Big Secret was actually shown in quotation marks and the number of The Angel With A Dirty Name Part 3 was in numerical form rather than being spelled out, as were the previous two parts. These variations have thus been reflected below and are not mistakes.
Unlike the other stories, Saga of the Super Sons and Final Secret of the Super Sons were not divided into parts.
It should also be pointed out that 'Super Sons' was spelled both on the story titles and on the cover of DC Comics' trade-paperback collection without a hyphen, as here.
In World's Finest Comics, the title of the series as given on the stories themselves tended to vary from issue to issue, i.e., Superman and Batman, Superman, Batman and their Super-Sons etc. These variations have been mentioned where they occur. Cry Not For My Forsaken Son bore only its story title and no series title was given to it at all.
Collected edition
In December 2007, DC Comics published a trade paperback collection of the series entitled Superman/Batman: Saga of the Super Sons. It collects the stories from: World's Finest Comics #215–216, 221–222, 224, 228, 230, 231, 233, 238, 242, and 263 and Elseworlds 80-Page Giant #1. The story in World's Finest Comics #263 is written by Dennis O'Neil, all the others by Bob Haney.
Super Sons (2017)
DC Comics presented a new version of the Super Sons in 2017. The two central characters are Damian Wayne, son of Bruce Wayne and Talia al Ghul, and Jonathan Kent, son of Clark Kent and Lois Lane. The former is 13 years of age in this version (as of the 80-page DC Rebirth Holiday Special #1), while the latter is 10 years old. The advance releases describe them as "best frenemies forever" who will save the world together "if they don't kill each other first". The series was launched in February 2017 and ended in May 2018 with 16 issues and one Annual.
An alternate version of the Super Sons named the Bizarro Boyz appeared in the four-part story "Boyzarro Re-Death". Robzarro was a member of the Bizarro Boyz, along with Boyzarro. Both the team name and character names were influenced by fans on social media.
Adventures of the Super Sons, a 12-issue miniseries serves as a continuation of the Super Sons series, with Peter J. Tomasi as the writer and art by Carlo Barberi and Art Thibert. The first issue was released in August 2018.
DC Comics released a digital-first series, Challenge of the Super Sons, from December 2020 to April 2021.
Collected editions
Graphic novel
The Super Sons, Jon Kent and Damian "Ian" Wayne, are featured in a three-part graphic novel series by author Ridley Pearson and artist Ile Gonzalez. The first book, Super Sons: The Polarshield Project was released in April 2019. Book two, Super Sons: The Foxglove Mission was released in November 2019. The third book Super Sons: Escape to Landis was released in October 2020.
In other media
A reimagining of the "Super Sons" appears in the television series Superman & Lois, in which Lois and Clark's teenage sons, Jonathan Kent and Jordan Kent, are played by Jordan Elsass and Alexander Garfin.
Batman and Superman: Battle of the Super Sons (2022), a CG-animated film starring Jack Dylan Grazer as Jonathan Kent and Jack Griffo as Damian Wayne, who join forces to save the planet by becoming the Super Sons that they were destined to be. Part of the DC Universe Animated Original Movies, it will be released by Warner Bros. Animation on October 18, 2022.
References
External links
Operation Super-Sons
Batman Junior's entry on Obscure Characters in the DC Universe
Detective Comics #231 on GCD
Detective Comics #231 Synopsis on DC Indexes
Super-Sons entry at DC Comics Database, a Wikia database on DC characters.
Characters created by Dick Dillin
Characters created by Bob Haney
Comics characters introduced in 1973
Batman characters
Superman characters
DC Comics superhero teams
Elseworlds titles
Fictional duos
Teenage superheroes
Team-up comics
Comics by Peter J. Tomasi
This is a list of Pelecaniformes species by global population. While numbers are estimates, they have been made by the experts in their fields. For more information on how these estimates were ascertained, see Wikipedia's articles on population biology and population ecology.
This list is not comprehensive, as not all Pelecaniformes have had their numbers quantified.
Species by global population
See also
Lists of birds by population
Lists of organisms by population
References
Birds
Pelecaniformes
Lewes Priory is a cricket club based in Lewes, England. The club is based at the Stanley Turner Ground, Kingston road, Lewes. The Saturday 1st XI plays in the 2nd division of the Sussex Cricket League. The Saturday 2nd XI plays in the 2nd XI Division 2 of the Sussex Cricket League. The Saturday 3rd XI plays in Division 9 of the East Sussex Cricket League. There is also a Sunday XI and an occasional midweek XI that play friendly matches.
Lewes Priory has a large junior section and was clubmark accredited until October 2014. The club runs sides from under-8s/9s to an under-16 development XI
Quite a few of the Lewes Priory junior players play area cricket, eastern eagles, southern sabres etc. The current under 16 team features a player who plays for sussex academy.
Lewes Priory is associated with the annual wandering side Lewes Nomads. In the summer of 2013 and 2014 their tour is to the Isle of Wight.
Some matches are held at Falmer. Lewes (and the locations of the home games of Lewes Priory Cricket Club) are six minutes by train/bus from the University of Sussex.
Honours
Sussex Cricket League
Premier Division champions 1986, 1990
Division 2 champions 1999, 2006, 2008
History
The origin of the club extends back to at least 1831 when Mr J. Longford (one of the local brewers) bought 10 acres of the Lewes Priory Grounds from the Earl of Chichester and made some of the grounds known as the 'Dripping Pan' available for cricket
Timeline of club history
Club captains
1960 H. Pett
1961 J. Winter
1962 J. Winter
1963 R. C. Cosham
1964 R. C. Cosham
1965 R. C. Cosham
1966 J. O'Connor
1967 J. O'Connor
1968 J. O'Connor
1969 R. C. Cosham
1970 S. B. Hughes
1972 S. B. Hughes
1973 C. H. Johnson
1974 C. H. Johnson
1975 J. O'Connor
1976 J. O'Connor
1977 J. O'Connor
1978 J. O'Connor
1979 J. O'Connor
1980 J. Leckey
1981 B. Holding
1982 B. Holding
1983 B. Holding
1984 R. Seager
1985 R. Seager
1986 R. Seager
1987 R. Seager
1988 C. Hartridge
1989 C. Hartridge
1990 J. Roycroft
1991 J. Roycroft
2000 K. Ibrahim
2001 K. Ibrahim
2002 M. Murray
2003 M. Murray
2004 M. Murray
2005 M. Murray
2006 M. Murray
2007 M. Murray
2008 M. Murray
2009 M. Murray
2010 C. Baker
2011 M. Murray
2012 T. Sharp
2013 R. Eborn
2014 J. Bates
2015 unknown
2016 I. Khan
2017 I. Khan
2018 I. Khan
Club Presidents
To 1981 Rt Hon. Viscount Gage KCVO
1982-1985 S. B. Hughes, Esq
1986-1984 J. P. Beilby, Esq
1995-1996 R. J. Hayward
1996-1999 R. C. Cosham
2000 to date J. A. O'Connor
Notable members
Herbert Whitfield
Henry Holroyd, 3rd Earl of Sheffield
Freeman Freeman-Thomas, 1st Marquess of Willingdon
Alfred Mynn
George Spillman represented Middlesex CCC. Died c1911
George Kent (1907-1980): Captain of Lewes Priory Cricket Club and Lewes Rugby Football Club. Kent served as president of the Sussex County Rugby Football Club, was a committee member of the Sussex County Cricket Club, chairperson of the Lewes Building Society and the Sussex County Building Society. They were Conservative district counsellor for Kingston in 1973 and served as chairperson of Lewes District Council
Brian Lessiter played cricket for Cornwall and Sussex second eleven.
Jon Roycroft director of sport at Oxford University
Bob Gardner played for Leicestershire. Play for Lewes Priory CC for two seasons as opening batsman (his batting average in one year was 54; the next 61)
Les Bampton a leg spin and googly bowler who captained the Club Cricket Conference for several years. Took 300 wickets twice in a season
Sussex CCC players
Since 1938 at least six Lewes Priory players have played for Sussex, including:
Doug Smith fast bowler who played for sussex before the second world war
D.J. Smith
P.G. Laker
Ralph Cowen: Oxford blue at cricket and football who was at the receiving end of the fastest goal (at that time) scored at Wembley. They also took 6 wickets for 19 runs bowling Sussex to victory against the Aussies. One of their victim was Alan Border
Carl Hopkinson current fielding coach at Sussex CCC
Paul Phillipson
England players
Rosalie Birch
Overseas players and members
K.G.N. (Kyron) Lynch (Trinidad & Tobago)
Amit Jaggernauth (Trinidad & Tobago offspinner)
Rayad Emrit (Trinidad & Tobago off)
Suren Perera (Sri Lanka and Ragama cricket club)
Kashif Ibrahim
Indrajit Coomaraswamy
John Boyd played top grade cricket for Waverley cricket club in Sydney, Australia
References
External links
Official website: Lewes Priory CC
Cricket in East Sussex
English club cricket teams
Jamshedpur Football Club is a professional association football club based in Jamshedpur, India, that plays in Indian Super League. The club was formed in 2017 and played its first competitive match on 18 November 2017, and hold NorthEast United FC 0–0 tie.
List of Players
The list includes all the players registered under an Jamshedpur FC contract. Some players might not have featured in a professional game for the club.
Notable foreign internationals
Tim Cahill
List of overseas players
The list includes all the overseas players registered under an Jamshedpur FC contract. Some players might not have featured in a professional game for the club.
References
Lists of Indian Super League players
Lists of association football players by club in India
Jamshedpur FC players
Jamshedpur-related lists
Association football player non-biographical articles
Sunset Hill Golf Club is a public golf course located at 13 Sunset Hill Road in Brookfield, Connecticut. The course was designed in 1936 by Gene Sarazen as a practice course for himself, to use while staying at their residence in Brookfield. Sarazen began opening the course to the public in the late 1930s.
The course has three ponds and several additional hazards including a sand trap and multiple bunkers. Walking is allowed on the course, and carts are made available as well. The course has a small café serving food and alcoholic beverages, as well as a pro shop. The course pro is Bob Dugan.
References
External links
Golf clubs and courses in Connecticut
Gene Sarazen
Buildings and structures in Brookfield, Connecticut
Sports venues in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Sports venues completed in 1936
1936 establishments in Connecticut
Arizona mantis is a common name applied to various species of praying mantis native to Arizona, particularly:
Pseudovates arizonae, the Arizona unicorn mantis
Stagmomantis gracilipes, the Arizona tan mantis
Stagmomantis limbata, the Arizona mantis or bordered mantis
See also
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantodea by location
Mantodea of North America
The Midwest Collegiate Volleyball League (MCVL) is an intercollegiate men's volleyball conference associated with the NCAA's Division III.
History
The MCVL was founded in March 2014 by an amicable split of the Continental Volleyball Conference (CVC), which itself had only been created in 2011. The CVC's six Midwestern schools, which had previously formed a CVC division, wished to create a more geographically compact league. The two groups agreed that the CVC's eastern teams would retain the CVC name and branding. Since the CVC retained six members, that group also retained its automatic berth in the Division III national championship. It was also agreed that two Midwestern schools that were adding the sport for 2014–15 (2015 season) and had been announced as incoming CVC members, Benedictine University and Loras College, would instead join the new Midwestern league. The next month, the new league was unveiled as the MCVL.
In September 2014, two Illinois schools that were adding volleyball in the 2015–16 school year (2016 season), Greenville College (now Greenville University) and North Central College, were accepted as the league's 9th and 10th members. Three months later, four additional schools—Adrian College, Marian University of Wisconsin, Olivet College, and Wittenberg University—were announced as new members for 2015–16.
The MCVL was not eligible for an automatic berth in the Division III national championship in its first two seasons (2015 and 2016); during that time, its teams were eligible for at-large berths.
In January 2017, the Northern Athletics Collegiate Conference (NACC), the all-sports home of five MCVL members—charter members Benedictine, Dominican University of Illinois, Lakeland College of Wisconsin (now Lakeland University) and the Milwaukee School of Engineering (MSOE), plus 2015 arrival Marian—announced that it would begin sponsoring men's volleyball in the 2018 season. This followed previous announcements that NACC members Aurora University and Concordia University Wisconsin would launch varsity men's volleyball in that season, giving the NACC seven men's volleyball schools and an automatic berth in the Division III national championship. As a result, the MCVL initially dropped to nine members for the 2018 season. Before that season, the MCVL returned to 10 members with the addition of Augustana College of Illinois, which was set to begin sponsoring varsity men's volleyball in the 2018 season. Augustana had intended to begin varsity play as an independent with a view toward eventually gaining MCVL membership, but was immediately accepted into the league.
After the 2018 season, the MCVL lost one member and gained another. Wittenberg left to become a single-sport affiliate in the Allegheny Mountain Collegiate Conference, while Trine University resurrected a varsity program that last played in 2002 and joined the MCVL.
The MCVL lost half of its 2019 membership when the College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin (CCIW) added men's volleyball for the 2020 season. Augustana, Carthage, Greenville, Loras, and North Central, along with new programs at North Park and Millikin, began CCIW conference play in 2020. Greenville and Loras were accepted into the CCIW as associate members. This temporarily left the MCVL in danger of eventually losing its automatic bid to the NCAA championship, but the league restored its membership to the six needed to maintain its automatic bid by adding the University of Mount Union, which had spent its inaugural men's volleyball season of 2019 as an independent, for the 2020 season.
Three schools became members in advance of the 2021 season. Wittenberg returned to the MCVL after a two-year absence, and the league added the new varsity programs of Baldwin Wallace University and Wabash College.
Current members
The league was founded with eight members. Six joined for the 2016 season, five left after the 2017 season, and one joined for the 2018 season. The 2019 season saw the conference membership remain at 10, with one departing member replaced by a new school. After the 2019 season five teams left and Mount Union was added, dropping the league to six members for the 2020 season. The league returned to nine members for the 2021 season with the return of Wittenberg and the addition of new programs at Baldwin Wallace and Wabash. All current and former conference members are private institutions.
The conference formed Eastern and Western Divisions for the 2017 season, but reverted to a single-table format following the departure of the five NACC members.
Note that because NCAA men's volleyball is a spring sport, the year of joining is the calendar year before the first year of competition, and the year of departure for former members coincides with the final season of MCVL competition.
Former members
School names and nicknames reflect those used in the final season of MCVL membership.
Championship history
Membership timeline
As noted previously, the year of joining is the calendar year before the first season of competition.
References
NCAA Division III conferences
Puntas is a barrio in the municipality of Rincón, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,575.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Puntas barrio was 1,006.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Puntas barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Rincón, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Rincón, Puerto Rico
Events from the year 1913 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – Thomas McKinnon Wood
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Alexander Ure; then Robert Munro
Solicitor General for Scotland – Andrew Anderson; then Thomas Brash Morison
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Dunedin until 14 October; then Lord Strathclyde
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh
Chairman of the Scottish Land Court – Lord Kennedy
Events
26 February – the Royal Flying Corps establishes the first operational military airfield for fixed-wing aircraft in the United Kingdom at Montrose.
21 April – the Cunard ocean liner , built by John Brown & Company, is launched on the River Clyde.
27 May – Lieutenant Desmond Arthur dies when their Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2 biplane, 205, collapses without warning while flying over Montrose, Scotland's first fatal aircraft accident.
6 June – Stoneyetts Hospital is opened at East Muckcroft (later part of Moodiesburn, North Lanarkshire), originally for the treatment of people with epilepsy.
22 July – Edinburgh Zoo opens.
3 August – 22 men are killed by fire at Cadder colliery near Bishopbriggs.
Dollar, Clackmannanshire, becomes the first Scottish town to appoint a Lady Provost, Lavinia Malcolm.
Arrol-Johnston have a purpose-built car factory erected near Dumfries.
Alexanders' Motor Services, predecessor of W. Alexander & Sons, begins running 'omnibus' services in the Falkirk area from a base in Camelon.
Temperance (Scotland) Act 1913 permits local communities to hold polls (from 1920) on whether prohibition should apply in their districts.
William Crawford bakes biscuits at Leith.
The Neolithic site at Skara Brae on Mainland, Orkney, is plundered.
Coal mining production in Scotland peaks at 43.2 million tonnes, employing over 140,000 men and women, who, with their families, make up 10% of the Scottish population.
Births
17 February – Alastair Borthwick, broadcaster and mountaineer (died 2003)
6 March – Ella Logan, born Georgina Allan, musical theatre performer (died 1969 in the United States)
18 March – W. H. Murray, mountaineer and writer (died 1996)
2 April – Ronald Center, composer, (died 1973)
2 April – Benny Lynch, flyweight boxer (died 1946)
11 April – Winifred Drinkwater, aviator and first woman to hold a commercial pilot's license (died 1996 in New Zealand)
13 April – Gordon Donaldson, historian (died 1993)
10 May – Alan Gemmell, plant biologist (died 1986)
5 June – Sam Black, artist and teacher (died 1997 in Canada)
5 June – Douglas Young, classicist, poet and Scottish National Party leader (died 1973 in the United States)
25 July – John Cairncross, public servant, spy for the Soviet Union, academic and writer (died 1995 in England)
29 July – William George Nicholson Geddes, civil engineer (died 1993)
29 July – Jo Grimond, Liberal party leader (died 1993)
11 August – Andy Beattie, professional football player and manager, first manager of the Scottish national football team (died 1983)
2 September – Bill Shankly, international footballer and manager (died 1981)
15 December – Robert McIntyre, Scottish National Party leader (died 1998)
Robert MacBryde, still-life and figure painter, and theatre set designer (died 1966 in Dublin)
Deaths
18 January – George Alexander Gibson, physician and geologist (born 1854)
20 February – Sir William Arrol, civil engineering contractor (born 1839)
12 May – William McEwan, Liberal Party MP (1886-1900) and brewer (born 1827)
6 September – James Orr, Presbyterian minister, and professor of church history and of theology (born 1844)
23 September – James Campbell Noble, painter (born 1832)
21 November – James Howden, mechanical engineer (born 1846)
Sir George Reid, artist (born 1841)
Arts and literature
26 May – Campbeltown Picture House (cinema) opens.
See also
Timeline of Scottish history
1913 in the United Kingdom
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1910s in Scotland
J. D. Allen III (born December 11, 1972) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist and composer.
Career
After moving to New York City, Allen played with George Cables, Betty Carter, Ron Carter, Jack DeJohnette, Frank Foster, Butch Morris, David Murray, and Wallace Roney. Closer to their generation, they have played with Lucian Ban, Cindy Blackman, Gerald Cleaver, Dave Douglas, Orrin Evans, Duane Eubanks, Marcus Gilmore, Russell Gunn, Winard Harper, Elisabeth Kontomanou, Meshell Ndegeocello, Jeremy Pelt, Eric Revis.
Allen's first solo album, In Search Of (Criss Cross, 1999), led to their selection as Best New Artist in Italy. In 2002, their second album was chosen a top ten album of the year by Jazziz magazine. Ten years later they were named the best composer and best tenor saxophonist in the Critics' Poll at DownBeat magazine. A critic at NPR picked their album Victory (Sunnyside, 2011) for the number three spot in the top twenty albums of 2011. Allen also works under the pseudonym "Bigger Thomas" and "Cross Damon."
Discography
As leader
In Search of J.D. Allen (Red, 1999)
Pharaoh's Children (Criss Cross Jazz, 2003)
I Am (Sunnyside, 2008)
Shine! (Sunnyside, 2009)
Victory! (Sunnyside, 2011)
The Matador and the Bull (Savant, 2012)
Grace (Savant, 2013)
Bloom (Savant, 2014)
Graffiti (Savant, 2015)
Americana: Musings on Jazz and Blues (Savant, 2016)
Radio Flyer (Savant, 2017)
Love Stone (Savant, 2018)
Barracoon (Savant, 2019)
Toys / Die Dreaming (Savant, 2020)
Queen City (Savant, 2021)
As co-leader
Red Stars (2004) with Victor Lewis and Fabio Morgera
As sideman
With Cindy Blackman
Works on Canvas (HighNote, 2000)
Someday... (HighNote, 2001)
Music for the New Millennium (HighNote, 2006)
With Orrin Evans
The Band – Live at Widener University (2005)
Easy Now (2005)
Liberation Blues (2014)
With Winard Harper
Trap Dancer (1998)
Winard (1999)
With Lisa Hilton
Twilight & Blues (2009)
Underground (2011)
American Impressions (2012)
Kaleidoscope (2014)
Horizons (2015)
Nocturnal (2016)
Escapism (2017)
Chalkboard Destiny (2019)
life is beautiful (2022)
With Fabio Morgera
Slick (1998)
Colors (2000)
With Jeremy Pelt
November (MaxJazz, 2008)
Men of Honor (HighNote, 2010)
The Talented Mr. Pelt (HighNote, 2011)
Soul (HighNote, 2012)
With Tarbaby
Tarbaby (2009)
The End of Fear (2010)
With others
Duane Eubanks, Second Take (1998)
Elisabeth Kontomanou, Embrace (1998)
Russell Gunn, Blue on the D.L. (2002)
Eric Revis, Tales of a Stuttering Mime (2004)
Kerem Görsev, New York Days (2005)
Lucian Ban, The Tuba Project (2005)
Nigel Kennedy, Blue Note Sessions (2006)
Gerald Cleaver, Detroit (2007)
Ozan Musluoglu, 40th Day (2011)
Jaimeo Brown, Transcendence (2013)
DJ Clockwork,
Bootsy Collins,
Kris Davis, Diatom Ribons (2019)
Erick Wyatt, The Golden Rule: For Sonny (2019)
Gregg August, Dialogues On Race (2020)
Quincy Davis, Q Vision (2020)
References
* Spouse Erika Nj Allen from Cincinnati, OH.
External links
Official site
JD Allen Trio at NewportJazz Festival
Jazz tenor saxophonists
American jazz tenor saxophonists
American male saxophonists
1972 births
Living people
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Sunnyside Records artists
Criss Cross Jazz artists
Red Records artists
HighNote Records artists
Papyrus 40 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by 𝔓40, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 3rd century.
Description
It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Romans, it contains Romans 1:24-27; 1:31-2:3; 3:21-4:8; 6:4-5.16; 9:16-17.27.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, rather proto-Alexandrian, Aland named it as "Free text", and placed it in Category I because of its date.
This manuscript is closer to Codex Sinaiticus than to Codex Alexandrinus and Vaticanus.
It is currently housed at the Papyrussammlung der Universität in the University of Heidelberg (Inv. no. 45).
See also
List of New Testament papyri
References
Further reading
Friedrich Bilabel, Römerbrieffragmente, VBP IV, (Heidelberg 1924), pp. 28–31.
External links
VBP IV 57
P40 Heidelberg, Institut für Papyrologie Inv G 645, Digital MSI at CSNTM
New Testament papyri
3rd-century biblical manuscripts
Early Greek manuscripts of the New Testament
Epistle to the Romans papyri
John Atherton (1598 – 5 December 1640) was the Anglican Bishop of Waterford and Lismore in the Church of Ireland. They and John Childe (his flight attendant and tithe proctor) were both tried and executed for buggery in 1640.
Life and death
Early life and education
Atherton was born in 1598 in Somerset, England. Their father, also named John was a parson and Rector of Bawdrip. They studied at Oxford University and joined the ranks of the Anglican clergy, serving as Rector of Huish Champflower.
Career in the Anglican clergy
In 1630, they became prebendary of the Church of St. John the Evangelist in Dublin, in addition, Chancellor of the Anglican Diocese of Killaloe. In 1634, chancellor of Christ Church Cathedral and rector of Killaban and Ballintubride in 1635.
In 1636, under the patronage of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford, they became Bishop of Waterford and Lismore in the Church of Ireland under the protests of the Roman Catholic majority in their see.
After the Buggery Act 1533 was found in 1631, during the Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven case, to not apply to Ireland, Atherton pushed for the enactment of "An Act for the Punishment for the Vice Of Buggery" in 1634.
Downfall
In 1640 Atherton was accused of buggery with a man, John Childe, their flight attendant and tithe proctor. Even though their fellow clerics attempted to prevent their trial to save the reputation of their Church, they were the first to have been tried under the law that Atherton themselves had helped to institute.
They were found guilty and both condemned to death, to the applause of the crowd, with Atherton being nearly lynched on their way to prison at Cork.
Nicholas Bernard, Dean of Elphin and Ardagh, acted as their spiritual counselor and wrote an account of Atherton's final days. Atherton was executed by hanging in Stephen's Green, Dublin, after reading the morning service for their cellmates. Reportedly, they confessed about the crime to the priest ministering them immediately before their execution, although they had proclaimed their innocence before that and kept doing so during the execution.
Legacy
Character assassination and conspiracy
Since 1710, some historical evidence has been developed that shows Atherton might have been a victim of a conspiracy to discredit them and their patrons. This was attributable to Atherton's status as an astute lawyer, who sought to recover lost land for the relatively weak Protestant Church of Ireland during the 1630s. Unfortunately for Atherton, this alienated them from large landowners, who then allegedly used their sexuality to discredit him. The conspiracy has been alleged to have been led by a lawyer named Butler, over land in Killoges, near Waterfeld. Butler became insane after the execution, claiming to see Atherton at all time.
English Puritan, Congregationalist and Independent activists, as well as English and Scottish Presbyterian activists, contemporaneously campaigned to abolish Episcopacy (bishops) within the embattled Church of England, Church of Scotland and Church of Ireland; notionally expediting the political interest in Atherton's downfall.
Posthumous accusations of sexual wrongdoing also include allegations of "incest" with their sister-in-law, and infanticide of the resultant child, as well as zoophilia with cattle. However, these allegations began to be circulated several months after their death in an anonymous pamphlet, and may have been intended to further discredit the bishop's campaign to restore the finances of the Church of Ireland.
Legends
A legend had them linked to the Old Mother Leakey, a Somerset ghost accused of shipwrecking.
Another legend describes the house of Butler, the lawyer who allegedly led the conspiracy against Atherton, as being haunted by the ghost of the bishop.
See also
List of people executed for homosexuality
References
Further reading
1598 births
1640 deaths
17th-century LGBT people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Bishops of Waterford and Lismore (Church of Ireland)
Executed people from Somerset
LGBT Anglican clergy
People executed by the Kingdom of Ireland by hanging
People executed for sodomy
Maiden Bower is an Iron Age hillfort near Dunstable in Bedfordshire, England. The site, which also has traces of a Neolithic causewayed enclosure, is a scheduled monument.
Description
The fort is situated on a plateau, and there is a disused chalk quarry on the north-western side. The fort has a single rampart, height up to , about of which has been lost to the quarry. It is roughly circular, about in diameter, enclosing an area of about . The interior has been under cultivation in recent times. There is an external ditch, but this is infilled and no longer visible. It has been revealed in section on the side of the chalk quarry; it was V-shaped, about deep and wide.
There is an original entrance gap on the south-east, and other later gaps. There was excavation by Worthington G. Smith, and the owner of the site, in 1913 at the south-east entrance. They found features later interpreted as the west wall of a timber gateway. Across the entrance was found a large pit with the disarticulated remains of about 50 persons, thought to be a ritual mass reburial rather than an indication of warfare.
Causewayed enclosure
Worthington Smith, as the quarry was encroaching, investigated features outside the rampart between the 1890s and 1915. They found a segmented ditch, where there were finds of flint tools and pottery. It was established in the 1930s that the finds were Neolithic, and that the ditch was a Neolithic causewayed enclosure, over part of which the hillfort was later constructed.
Romano-British
Before there was excavation, Roman coins and other objects had been found in the area of the site. Worthington Smith in 1907 discovered a small early Roman cremation cemetery on the north-west side of the fort where the quarry was encroaching; Samian ware and other pottery of the period was found. In 1991, Romano-British pottery was found within the fort on the western side during fieldwalking, and a geophysical survey showed a building on the western side; it is thought that it may have been a Roman temple.
Turf maze
The 18th-century antiquarian William Stukeley, in a discussion of Julian's Bowers, thought they were once sites of turf mazes, and regarded Maiden Bower as having been such a site.
See also
Hillforts in Britain
References
Hill forts in Bedfordshire
Scheduled monuments in Bedfordshire
Causewayed enclosures
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1694.
Events
August 24 – The Académie française publishes the first complete edition of its Dictionnaire in Paris.
October 25 – Jonathan Swift is ordained a deacon in the Church of Ireland.
December 28 – The death of Queen Mary II of England prompts the writing of numerous elegies.
date unknown – Shortly before their death, Matsuo Bashō completes the writing of Oku no Hosomichi ("Narrow road to the interior"), not published until 1702.
New books
Prose
Edmund Arwaker – An Epistle to Monsieur Boileau
Mary Astell – A Serious Proposal to the Ladies
Thomas Pope Blount – De Re Poetica; or, Remarks upon Poetry
Gilbert Burnet – Four Discourses
Jeremy Collier – Miscellanies
John Dryden and Jacob Tonson – The Annual Miscellany: for the Year 1694
George Fox – The Journal of George Fox, edited by Thomas Ellwood
Charles Gildon – Chorus Poetarum; or, Poems on Several Occasions (incl. Aphra Behn, John Denham, George Etheridge, Andrew Marvell, inter al.)
William Killigrew – Mid-night and Daily Thoughts
William King – Account of Denmark
Jane Lead – The Enochian Walks with God
Jan Luyken – Het Menselyk Bedryf ("The Book of Trades")
John Milton – Letters of State (trans. Edward Phillips)
John Strype – Memorials of Thomas Cranmer
Matthew Tindal – An Essay Concerning the Laws of Nature and the Rights of Soveraigns
William Wotton – Reflections upon Ancient and Modern Learning (answering Sir William Temple)
James Wright – Country Conversations
Drama
John Banks – The Innocent Usurper; or, The Death of the Lady Jane Grey published
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – Herod the Great published
William Congreve – The Double Dealer published
John Crowne – The Married Beau
John Dryden – Love Triumphant; or, Nature Will Prevail
Thomas D'Urfey – The Comical History of Don Quixote (some songs by Henry Purcell)
Laurence Echard, translator:
Plautus's Comedies: Amphytrion, Epidicus, and Rudens
Terence's Comedies
Edward Ravenscroft – The Canterbury Guests
Elkanah Settle – The Ambitious Slave
Thomas Southerne – The Fatal Marriage (adapted from Aphra Behn's The Nun)
Joseph Williams – Have at All, or the Midnight Adventures
Poetry
See 1694 in poetry
Births
August 8 – Francis Hutcheson, Irish philosopher (died 1746)
September 22 – Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield, English man of letters (died 1773)
October 9 – Marquard Herrgott, German Benedictine historian (died 1762)
November 1 – Voltaire, French philosopher and writer (died 1778)
December 22 – Hermann Samuel Reimarus, German philosopher (died 1768)
probable
Mademoiselle Aïssé, French letter-writer (died 1733)
James Bramston, English satirical poet (died 1743)
Deaths
August 6 – Antoine Arnauld, French theologian and philosopher (born 1612)
September – Henry Neville, English satirist (born 1620)
October 13 – Samuel von Pufendorf, German philosopher and historian (born 1632)
November 8 – Ulrik Huber, Dutch-born German political philosopher (born 1636)
November 28 – Matsuo Bashō (松尾 芭蕉), Japanese poet (born 1644)
December 9 – Paolo Segneri, Italian ascetic writer (born 1624)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Jacob Luke Doerksen (born October 16, 1987) is a Canadian former professional basketball player.
Career
A native of Abbotsford, British Columbia, Doerksen played basketball and football at Rick Hansen Secondary School, they were named the British Columbia High School Male Athlete of the Year in 2005. In 2005, the forward enrolled at University of Victoria and won the Dr. Peter Mullins Trophy as CIS Rookie of the Year in the 2005–06 season after helping the Vikes claim a CIS National Championship silver medal. In their second year at Victoria, Doerksen averaged a team-high 14 points a game, while grabbing just under five rebounds per contest.
After sitting out the 2007–08 season, Doerksen transferred to Trinity Western University in 2008. They would later be named "arguably the greatest basketball player to ever don a Spartans uniform". They scored a total of 1852 points in their three years at Trinity Western putting them second on the TWU all-time list when they graduated in 2011. Their 781 rebounds were also second-most all time in TWU history. They earned several awards during their time at Trinity Western, including the Mike Moser Memorial Trophy as the outstanding player of the 2008–09 CIS season, First-Team All-Canada accolades in 2009 and 2011 as well as Canada West Player of the Year honours in 2009.
In their first year as a professional basketball player, they tallied 21.7 points, 7.7 rebounds and two steals a game in 33 contests with the UBC Hannover Tigers of the German 2. Bundesliga ProB league, earning 2012 Eurobasket.com All-German 2.Bundesliga Pro B Center of the Year honours. Prior to the 2012–13 season, they signed with SC Rasta Vechta of Germany's second-tier 2. Bundesliga ProA. They helped Rasta win the 2013 ProA championship title which ensured promotion to the Basketball Bundesliga, averaging 13.7 points a game. In the 2013–14 they saw the hardwood in 29 games (28 starts) to average 10.4 points and 4.6 rebounds per contest.
Following the 2013–14 season, Doerksen finished their professional basketball career returning to their native Canada.
References
Living people
1987 births
Basketball people from British Columbia
Canadian men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Abbotsford, British Columbia
SC Rasta Vechta players
John Stuart Moule (born 29 May 1971) is the Warden of Radley College, and a former Headmaster of Bedford School.
Biography
Born in Shrewsbury on 29 May 1971, John Moule was educated at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where they were a Scholar and gained a first class degree in History. They taught at Dean Close School, between 1993 and 1998, was Head of History at Stowe School, between 1998 and 2000, and then a housemaster at Stowe. They were Vice Master of Bedford School, between 2006 and 2008. They were Headmaster of Bedford School, between 2008 and 2014, and became Warden of Radley College in 2014.
John Moule writes for The Huffington Post.
References
1971 births
Living people
Alumni of Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford
Headmasters of Bedford School
Schoolteachers from Shropshire
Wardens of Radley College
Ikaria wariootia is an early example of a wormlike, bilaterian organism. Its fossils are found in rocks of the Ediacara Member of South Australia that are estimated to be between 560 and 555 million years old. A representative of the Ediacaran biota, Ikaria lived during the Ediacaran period, roughly 15 million years before the Cambrian, when the Cambrian explosion occurred and where widespread fossil evidence of modern bilaterian taxa appear in the fossil record.
Discovery
Scott D. Evans, Ian V. Hughes, James G. Gehling, and Mary L. Droser published a paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America on 23 March 2020, describing the finding and identification of I. wariootia.
Age
The age of Ediacara Member strata are not well-defined through radiometric dating, and are primarily estimated comparatively with other Ediacaran Biota assemblages, likely ranging between approximately 562 Ma and 542 Ma. Brazilian trace fossils associated with later bilaterians, found 30-40m above a bed radiometrically dated to 555 Ma, are thought to be younger than Ikaria. It is possible that Ikaria evolved prior to 560 Ma.
Etymology
The generic name is taken from the Adnyamathanha word for "meeting place" (Ikara, also the name for nearby Wilpena Pound) in recognition of the local indigenous people who originally lived in the region where the fossils were collected. The specific name refers to Warioota Creek, the type locality.
Features
Over 100 Ikaria fossils have been found. These are simple imprints resembling a small grain of rice (from 1.9 to 6.7 mm in length), slightly thickening to one end. The "anterior"/"posterior" differentiation may indicate that Ikaria was bilaterally symmetrical animal. No any other details of Ikaria anatomy were found on its fossils.
On the same sandstone bed there are numerous trace fossils of the type Helminthoidichnites. The animal that produced such traces moved or burrowed through thin layers of well-oxygenated sand on the ocean floor as it sought sustenance and appeared to show sensory and seeking behaviour, turning as it moved. It is thought to have moved by peristalsis, constricting muscles against the animal's hydrostatic skeleton, and may have possessed a coelom, mouth, anus, and through-gut, in a similar way to a worm.
The authors of the Ikaria description find that the size and morphology of Ikaria match predictions for the producer of the trace fossil Helminthoidichnites. At least one of the fossils of Ikaria identified in the study was found in close proximity to Helminthoidichnites, which the discoverers attribute to vertical motion of the organism through sediment before its death - noting that due to differing preservation methods it is unlikely that both trace and body fossil could otherwise form simultaneously. However, this does not entirely remove the possibility that the association of Ikaria with Helminthoidichnites is erroneous.
Significance
This discovery is notable because while it has been long suspected that bilaterians evolved in the Ediacaran, for example Temnoxa and Kimberella, yet the vast majority of Ediacaran biota fossils are very different from the animals that came to dominate the life on Earth in the Cambrian and until present day.
References
External links
Nephrozoa
Ediacaran life
Ediacaran first appearances
Fossils of Australia
Fossil taxa described in 2020
Atlus is a Japanese video game developer, publishing company and arcade manufacturer. They are known for Japanese role-playing games internationally, with Megami Tensei being its flagship franchise, as well as Print Club (Purikura) arcade machines in East Asia. Note that this list is only for titles developed, published, and/or owned by the Japanese branch of Atlus. For games published outside of Japan by Atlus USA, visit its respective article.
References
External links
Official game list
Atlus
Robert Bilheimer is the American director of Worldwide Documentaries.  They are the son of American Presbyterian theologian Robert S. Bilheimer. Bilheimer received an Academy Award nomination for their film The Cry of Reason. The executive director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, Antonio Maria Costa, asked Bilheimer to make the film human trafficking documentary film Not My Life, and later said that they chose Bilheimer because of their "solid reputation [for] addressing difficult topics... combining artistic talent, a philosophical view about development and a humanitarian sentiment about what to do about the issues."
Notes
References
External links
notmylife.org
Worldwide Documentaries, Inc.
Year of birth missing (living people)
American documentary filmmakers
Living people
Chouf (also spelled Shouf, Shuf or Chuf, in Jabal ash-Shouf; ) is a historic region of Lebanon, as well as an administrative district in the governorate (muhafazat) of Mount Lebanon.
Geography
Located south-east of Beirut, the region comprises a narrow coastal strip notable for the Christian town of Damour, and the valleys and mountains of the western slopes of Jabal Barouk, the name of the local Mount Lebanon massif, on which the largest forest of Cedars of Lebanon is found. The mountains are high enough to receive snow.
History
The Emirs of Lebanon used to have their residence in Chouf, most notably Druze Emir Fakhr al-Din II, who attained considerable power and acted with significant autonomy from the Ottoman Empire in the 17th century.  They are often referred to as the founder of modern Lebanon, although their area of influence and later control included parts of current Israel and Syria. Other emirs include the more controversial Bachir Chehab II, who built the magnificent palace of Beiteddine during the first half of the 19th century, but whose policies are believed to have catalyzed the first sectarian conflict in Lebanon between the traditionally dominant Druzes and the Maronites. Another historical town, just facing Beiteddine, is Deir al Qamar (the monastery of the Moon).
The relationship between the Druze and Christians in Chouf has been characterized by harmony and peaceful coexistence, and they lived in the Chuf Mountains in the past in complete harmony. The Maronite Catholics and the Druze founded modern Lebanon in the early eighteenth century, through the ruling and social system known as the "Maronite-Druze dualism" in Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate.
Chouf is the heartland of the Lebanese Druze community, with Druze leader Walid Jumblatt residing at the Jumblatt palace in the town of Moukhtara. Several violent clashes have occurred between Druze and Christians, as in 1848, 1860 and most recently 1983-1984, during the Lebanese Civil War (Mountain War, Arabic: Harb el-Jabal). At the end of January 1989 Walid Jumblatt launched an initiative to help Christians return to their mountain homes. An estimated 300,000 Christians had abandoned their properties during the fighting. The initiative was supported by Dany Chamoun. The plan was withdrawn 5 March following General Aoun's blockade of the Druze port at Jieh, their subsequent shelling of Souq El Gharb and the assassination of one of Jumblatt's top aides. Reconciliation between the Druze and Christian communities came to fruition on August 8, 2001, when the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Cardinal Mar Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir made a historic visit to the Chouf and met with the Druze and Chouf leader, Walid Jumblatt.
On 28 February 1989 an Israeli air-strike on the Chouf killed three school children and damaged their school. Twenty-two others were wounded. It was the third IAF attack on Lebanon since the beginning of the year.
The Chouf is one of the best-preserved Lebanese districts and its nature has been generally spared from the intense building of neighboring Metn and Kesrouan.
Demographics
Despite the historical feuds between
Sunni Muslims and Christian Maronites and Druze, the Chouf district is still one of the most religiously diverse regions in Lebanon. Currently the region hosts equal proportions of Druze, Sunni Muslims, and Christians (Maronite and Greek Catholic) populations. The Druze and Sunnis each make up around 35% of the population, and the remaining 30% is Christian.
Notable cities and towns
Ainbal
Ain Zhalta
Ammatour
Baadarâne
Baakline
Barja
Barouk
Beitedine
Bourjain
Brih
Bsaba
Chhime
Dahr El Maghara
Damour
Daraya
Deir el Qamar
Dibbiyeh
Gharife
Haret Jandal
Fouara
Jahlieh
Jdaideh
Jiyyeh
Joun
Kahlouniye
Kfarfakoud
Moukhtara
Na'ameh
Niha Chouf
Rmeileh
Serjbel
Shheem
Zaarourieh
See also
Iqlim al-Kharrub, historical region located in the Chouf District
References
Districts of Lebanon
Druze in Lebanon
Indentation force-deflection is a process used in the flexible foam manufacturing industry to assess the "softness" of a sample of foam such as memory foam. To conduct an IFD test, a circular flat indenter with a surface area of 323 square centimeters (50 sq. inches - 8" in diameter) is pressed against a foam sample usually 100 mm thick and with an area of 500 mm by 500 mm (ASTM standard D3574). The foam sample is first placed on a flat table perforated with holes to allow the passage of air. It is then "warmed up" by being compressed twice to 75% "strain", and then allowed to recover for six minutes. The force is measured 60 seconds after achieving 25% indentation with the indenter. Lower scores correspond with less firmness; higher scores with greater firmness. US measurements are given in pounds-force, and European ones are given in newtons.
References
External links
Joint Industry Foam Standards And Guidelines https://www.pfa.org/industry-standards/
ASTM standards
Opoku Ware School, often referred to as OWASS, is a public Catholic senior high school for boys, located in Santasi, a suburb of Kumasi, which is the capital of the Ashanti region of Ghana.
Notable alumni
Kenneth Gilbert Adjei, former deputy NDC Minister of State
Kwamena Ahwoi, former NDC Minister of State
Owusu Afriyie Akoto, Minister for food and Agriculture
Stephen Amoah, Member of Parliament for the Nhyiaeso Constituency
James Kwesi Appiah (O 123) former head coach of the Ghana Black Stars
George Boakye, former Chief of Air Staff
Stephen Alan Brobbey, retired jurist; former Chief Justice of the Gambia and justice of the Supreme Court of Ghana
Shadrack Osei Frimpong, founder of Cocoa360
George Gyan-Baffour, Minister for Planning and Member of Parliament(Wenchi)
Ohene Karikari, former national athlete and Africa's number one sprinter during their time
John Kumah, Deputy Minister of Finance.
Jacob Kwakye-Maafo, physician, surgeon and CEO of West End Clinic, Kumasi
Christian Nsiah, Olympic athlete and Business Economics professor at Black Hills State University
Paul Victor Obeng, mechanical engineer, Politician and former chairperson of KNUST council
Anthony Akoto Osei, former Finance Minister and current MP for Old Tafo
Ernest Owusu-Poku, former Inspector General of Police, Ghana
Nana Akuoko Sarpong, traditional ruler of Agogo state, former politician
Nana Otuo Siriboe, Chairman of the Council of State. The Omanhene of the Juaben traditional area.
Yaw Tog, Musician, rapper
Jacob Osei Yeboah, politician
References
External links
School's Website
1952 establishments in Gold Coast (British colony)
Catholic secondary schools in Ghana
Education in Kumasi
Boys' schools in Ghana
Educational institutions established in 1952
Navlakha Temple at Ghumli, Gujarat, India, is a 12th Century temple built by Jethwa dynasty rulers.
History
Navlakha Temple at Ghumli was built by Jethwa rulers in 11th century dedicated to Sun god, Surya and is the oldest sun temple of Gujarat. It has the largest base (Uagati) of the temples in Gujarat, measuring 45.72 x 30.48 m. Facing East, it had a beautiful entrance arch or Kirti Toran, that is now lost. The sanctum sanctorum (garbhagriha), covered pradakshina path, large gathering hall and its three shringar chowkis -anointment thrones, are eye catching. On the surrounding walking path we find three directions with balconies. The mandapa has eight-sided pillars for support. In the small niches we find sculptures. The entrances are two storied. At the back wall of the temple we find two huge elephants fighting with their trunks. In Bhadra gavaksha there is the image of Brahma-Savitri, in the west is the Shiva-Parvati, to the north is Lakshmi Narayan.
The Navlakha Temple built at a cost of Nine Lacs hence the name Navlakha. The temple is built in Maru-Gurjara architecture (or the Solanki style). have the three entwining tusks of elephants as its trademark and is considered to be high noon of Solanki style of architect.
Outside main temple there is a temple dedicated to Ganesha, called the Ganesh Dehra
Present status
The Archaeological Survey of India, has taken up rehabilitation of temple in 2011 and develop the place as site of tourist and historical importance.
See also
Ghumli
References
Sources
12th-century Hindu temples
Hindu temples in Gujarat
Destroyed temples
Surya temples
12th-century establishments in India
Māru-Gurjara architecture
Rebuilt buildings and structures in India
Babat (in hindi:बाबट) is a village in Salarpur block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. The Budaun railway station is located at the distance of 10 kilometers from the village. Babat village is administrated by Gram panchayat. Its village code is 128242. According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of the village is 2586, out of 1,387 are males and 1,199 are females.
References
Villages in Budaun district
Jeronim Vidulić (around 1430 – 1499 in Zadar) was a 15th-century Catholic priest and notary from Zadar, Venetian Dalmatia (today Croatia).  They are best known for recording one of the earliest Petrarchist poems in Croatian, written using Glagolitic script.
Biography
They lived in the 15th century in the city of Zadar. They belonged to civilian family. They were a priest, but has been also mentioned (1456) as a notary for the city and the county of Zadar. They died in 1499.
Work
The only preserved - though in a bit damaged state - Vidulić's poem in Croatian, Ako mi ne daš lik, composed in six dodecasyllabic quatrains, is the proof of the existence of troubadour-Petrarchan school of poetry in the middle of 15th century in Zadar, beside the city of Dubrovnik. The poem was found written on one official document and, of course, it is not certain whether Vidulić was the author or just a scribe. Vidulić was also an educated humanist, used Glagolitic script, and was in a certain way a predecessor of Petar Zoranić.
References
Further reading
V. Valčić, »Jerolim Vidulić. najstariji hrvatski pjesnik Zadra«, Zbornik Instituta za historijske nauke u Zadru (1955),
15th-century Croatian poets
Writers from Zadar
1499 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Croatian male poets
Year of birth uncertain
The rosy minivet (Pericrocotus roseus) is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae. The male is distinguished from other minivets by having a deep pink/light red shade in wings and tail and the female having an olive/olive yellow rump as against bright yellow in other minivets. Both male and female are grey above.
Distribution
It is found in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Thailand, and Vietnam. In India, it is found in the Himalayas from west to east to Arunachal Pradesh and hills of Nagaland and Manipur. In winter in peninsula.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Gallery
rosy minivet
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of South China
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Yunnan
rosy minivet
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Filippa Martina Knutsson is a Swedish fashion designer.  They are the owner of the fashion brand Filippa K, founded in 1993, and runs it with their former husband Patrik Kihlborg. They have been called "a household name" and "a superstar" in Sweden and much of Europe.
Biography
Knutsson co-founded Filippa K, with Patrik Kihlborg and Karin Segerblom in 1993.
They were awarded a Patriotiska Sällskapets Näringslivsmedalj in 2010 by the Royal Patriotic Society for the entrepreneurship that has been part of their Swedish business development. The brand Filippa K has been awarded with the Swedish design prize Guldknappen. They have also been awarded with the Gunilla Arhéns Förebildspris 2008.
In January 2017, Knutsson returned to Filippa K as creative director, and will be based in London, taking over from Nina Bogstedt, who had led the creative team for 19 years. The company Filippa K defines their structure as a curious and conscious brand that recognises innovative sustainability as its guide to growth.
Knutsson lives in London.
References
Living people
Swedish fashion designers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Telești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Buduhala, Șomănești and Telești.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
The 1968 Westminster Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Westminster City Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
Election, 1968
Westminster
Westminster City Council election
David Charles Spicer (December 26, 1946 – January 18, 2017) was an American organist and church musician. They were Minister of Music and the Arts at the First Church of Christ in Wethersfield, Connecticut, where they co-founded the Albert Schweitzer Organ Festival USA and directed it from 1997 to 2015.
Life and career
A native of Austin, Texas, Spicer was a 1968 graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, where they were an Artist/Scholar under Alexander McCurdy and a devotee of Virgil Fox. Spicer received their first musical training from their parents, performing on the organ in church at the early age of eight. While at Curtis, Spicer was a classmate and friend of the organist colleague, Dr. Keith Chapman (organist for the famed John Wanamaker organ, center city Philadelphia, PA). Spicer also completed Graduate studies at Eastern Baptist Theological Seminary in Wynnewood, PA.
From 1967 to about 1982, Spicer was Organist-Choirmaster at the Wayne Presbyterian Church in Wayne, Pennsylvania. While at Wayne, Spicer helped to further the studies of future professional musicians, including: Diane Meredith Belcher (Organist), David Wetherill (principal Horn, Philadelphia Orchestra), Anne Martindale Williams (principal Cello, Pittsburg Symphony), Sally Nelson Kuhns (associate principal Trumpet, Oregon Symphony), Bob Hower (Trombone, University of Adelaide, Australia), and Jay Krush (Tuba and composer, Phila, PA). At the same time, two members of the Philadelphia Orchestra, Donald McComas (associate principal Trumpet) and their wife, Sharlene McComas (Flute), were members of Wayne Presbyterian Church and often performed with Spicer as soloists and orchestral performers at Wayne. A gifted conductor, Spicer presented many oratorio concerts with orchestra throughout their career, including several premiere performances of: Verdi's Requiem, Berlioz's Requiem, Sir William Walton's Belshazzar's Feast, Felix Mendelssohn's Elijah Oratorio, and Gian Carlo Menotti's Amahl and the Night Visitors (among others).
From about 1982 to 1986, Spicer was the Director of Music at the First Presbyterian Church in Lincoln, Nebraska, before they assumed the Wethersfield position in 1986. Also a teacher, Spicer mentored numerous younger organists, and held the distinction of having three of their students (including Diane Meredith Belcher) win full scholarships to their alma mater, the Curtis Institute of Music. Spicer trained and inspired hundreds of children and youth to perform in their church choirs. They prompted and demonstrated excellence at all times, while extracting the highest levels of performance from those they were teaching and conducting. Spicer regularly referenced the importance of diction and pronunciation while singing. Spicer emphasized the importance of phrasing and pauses in singing while maintaining long, open tones (where appropriate) in order to project sound effectively. They also referred to the hymn known as the "Old 100th" as being the "Old Tooth" (by merely placing a cross-bar across the number "1"). Spicer was extremely serious about music, and excellence in music, but they also liked to have fun, being an ever-present, jovial person. Spicer served on the faculty of Tunxis Community College in Farmington, Connecticut. In 1997, Spicer co-founded, with Harold Robles, the annual Albert Schweitzer Organ Festival USA. The festival competition attracts outstanding young organists, both high school and young professionals, from across the country.
Spicer died of cancer in Malvern, Pennsylvania, on January 18, 2017. They were survived by their wife Dana and their blended family of seven children, sixteen grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Their wife, Dana, is a native of Wayne, Pennsylvania.
Discography
Vintage Spicer
Kaleidoscope
References
External links
Albert Schweitzer Organ Festival
Wayne Presbyterian Church: Austin Pipe Organ
American classical organists
American male organists
Curtis Institute of Music alumni
Musicians from Austin, Texas
People from Wethersfield, Connecticut
1946 births
2017 deaths
Classical musicians from Texas
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century American male musicians
Male classical organists
A xenobiotic is a chemical substance found within an organism that is not naturally produced or expected to be present within the organism. It can also cover substances that are present in much higher concentrations than are usual. Natural compounds can also become xenobiotics if they are taken up by another organism, such as the uptake of natural human hormones by fish found downstream of sewage treatment plant outfalls, or the chemical defenses produced by some organisms as protection against predators.
The term xenobiotics, however, is very often used in the context of pollutants such as dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls and their effect on the biota, because xenobiotics are understood as substances foreign to an entire biological system, i.e. artificial substances, which did not exist in nature before their synthesis by humans. The term xenobiotic is derived from the Greek words ξένος (xenos) = foreigner, stranger and βίος (bios) = life, plus the Greek suffix for adjectives -τικός, -ή, -όν (-tikos, -ē, -on).
Xenobiotics may be grouped as carcinogens, drugs, environmental pollutants, food additives, hydrocarbons, and pesticides.
Xenobiotic metabolism
The body removes xenobiotics by xenobiotic metabolism. This consists of the deactivation and the excretion of xenobiotics and happens mostly in the liver. Excretion routes are urine, feces, breath, and sweat. Hepatic enzymes are responsible for the metabolism of xenobiotics by first activating them (oxidation, reduction, hydrolysis, and/or hydration of the xenobiotic), and then conjugating the active secondary metabolite with glucuronic acid, sulfuric acid, or glutathione, followed by excretion in bile or urine. An example of a group of enzymes involved in xenobiotic metabolism is hepatic microsomal cytochrome P450. These enzymes that metabolize xenobiotics are very important for the pharmaceutical industry because they are responsible for the breakdown of medications. A species with this unique cytochrome P450 system is Drosophila mettleri, which uses xenobiotic resistance to exploit a wider nesting range including both soil moistened with necrotic exudates and necrotic plots themselves.
Although the body is able to remove xenobiotics by reducing it to a less toxic form through xenobiotic metabolism then excreting it, it is also possible for it to be converted into a more toxic form in some cases. This process is referred to as bioactivation and can result in structural and functional changes to the microbiota. Exposure to xenobiotics can disrupt the microbiome community structure, either by increasing or decreasing the size of certain bacterial populations depending on the substance. Functional changes that result vary depending on the substance and can include increased expression in genes involved in stress response and antibiotic resistance, changes in the levels of metabolites produced, etc.
Organisms can also evolve to tolerate xenobiotics. An example is the co-evolution of the production of tetrodotoxin in the rough-skinned newt and the evolution of tetrodotoxin resistance in its predator, the Common Garter Snake. In this predator–prey pair, an evolutionary arms race has produced high levels of toxin in the newt and correspondingly high levels of resistance in the snake. This evolutionary response is based on the snake evolving modified forms of the ion channels that the toxin acts upon, so becoming resistant to its effects. Another example of a xenobiotic tolerance mechanism is the use of ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters, which is largely exhibited in insects. Such transporters contribute to resistance by enabling the transport of toxins across the cell membrane, thus preventing accumulation of these substances within cells.
Xenobiotics in the environment
Xenobiotic substances are an issue for sewage treatment systems, since they are many in number, and each will present its own problems as to how to remove them (and whether it is worth trying to)
Some xenobiotics substances are resistant to degradation. Xenobiotics such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and trichloroethylene (TCE) accumulate in the environment due to their recalcitrant properties and have become an environmental concern due to their toxicity and accumulation. This occurs particularly in the subsurface environment and water sources, as well as in biological systems, having the potential to impact human health. Some of the main sources of pollution and the introduction of xenobiotics into the environment come from large industries such as pharmaceuticals, fossil fuels, pulp and paper bleaching and agriculture. For example, they may be synthetic organochlorides such as plastics and pesticides, or naturally occurring organic chemicals such as polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and some fractions of crude oil and coal.
Microorganisms may be a viable solution to this issue of environmental pollution by the degradation of the xenobiotics; a process known as bioremediation. Microorganisms are able to adapt to xenobiotics introduced into the environment through horizontal gene transfer, in order to make use of such compounds as energy sources. This process can be further altered to manipulate the metabolic pathways of microorganisms in order to degrade harmful xenobiotics under specific environmental conditions at a more desirable rate. Mechanisms of bioremediation include both genetically engineering microorganisms and isolating the naturally occurring xenobiotic degrading microbes. Research has been conducted to identify the genes responsible for the ability of microorganisms to metabolize certain xenobiotics and it has been suggested that this research can be used in order to engineer microorganisms specifically for this purpose. Not only can current pathways be engineered to be expressed in other organisms, but the creation of novel pathways is a possible approach.
Xenobiotics may be limited in the environment and difficult to access in areas such as the subsurface environment. Degradative organisms can be engineered to increase mobility in order to access these compounds, including enhanced chemotaxis. One limitation of the bioremediation process is that optimal conditions are required for proper metabolic functioning of certain microorganisms, which may be difficult to meet in an environmental setting. In some cases a single microorganism may not be capable of performing all metabolic processes required for degradation of a xenobiotic compound and so "syntrophic bacterial consortia" may be employed. In this case, a group of bacteria work in conjunction, resulting in dead end products from one organism being further degraded by another organism. In other cases, the products of one microorganism may inhibit the activity another, and thus a balance must be maintained.
Many xenobiotics produce a variety of biological effects, which is used when they are characterized using bioassay. Before they can be registered for sale in most countries, xenobiotic pesticides must undergo extensive evaluation for risk factors, such as toxicity to humans, ecotoxicity, or persistence in the environment. For example, during the registration process, the herbicide, cloransulam-methyl was found to degrade relatively quickly in soil.
Inter-species organ transplantation
The term xenobiotic is also used to refer to organs transplanted from one species
to another. For example, some researchers hope that hearts and other organs could be transplanted from pigs to humans. Many people die every year whose lives could have been saved if a critical organ had been available for transplant. Kidneys are
currently the most commonly transplanted organ. Xenobiotic organs would need to be developed in such a way that they would not be rejected by the immune system.
See also
Drug metabolism – Xenobiotic metabolism is redirected to the special case: Drug metabolism.
Detoxification
References
Microbiology terms
Alejandro Nicolás de los Santos (17 May 1902 — 16 February 1982) was an Argentinian footballer who played as a forward for San Lorenzo, Dock Sud, El Porvenir, Huracán and Argentina.
Early life
De los Santos was born in Paraná on 17 May 1902 to Angolan Argentine parents.
Career
In 1921, de los Santos signed for San Lorenzo. On 22 May 1921, de los Santos made their debut for the club in a 2–0 win against Banfield. After spells at Dock Sud and El Porvenir, de los Santos signed for Huracán in 1931, scoring 21 goals in 73 league appearances, making a total of 25 goals in 88 appearances in all competitions.
In December 1925, de los Santos won the South American Championship with Argentina. De los Santos was the first black footballer to appear for Argentina.
References
1902 births
1982 deaths
People from Paraná, Entre Ríos
Argentine people of Angolan descent
Argentine footballers
Association football forwards
Argentine football managers
Copa América-winning players
Argentine Primera División players
Argentina international footballers
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
Sportivo Dock Sud players
El Porvenir footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Club Atlético Huracán managers
Sportspeople from Entre Ríos Province
WWE (formerly the WWF, the WWWF, and Capitol Wrestling) has maintained at least one primary tag team championship for its male performers since 1958 (except for a two year interim between 1967 and 1969). During periods of brand division, separate tag team titles have been used on each brand.
For their female performers, a tag team championship existed from 1983 to 1989. The title was abandoned in 1989 due to lack of depth in the division. In 2019, WWE introduced a new women's tag team championship, shared by Raw and SmackDown, followed by one for the NXT brand in 2021.
Overview of titles
Male
Female
History
Male
Capitol Wrestling set up its first tag team championship, the NWA United States Tag Team Championship in 1958. When Capitol seceded from the National Wrestling Alliance in 1963 and became the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF), the championship became the WWWF United States Tag Team Championship. In 1967, WWWF World Heavyweight Champion Bruno Sammartino teamed with Spiros Arion to win the belts. Due to Sammartino being the world champion, the team vacated the tag titles which were then abandoned.
For two years, the WWWF had no tag team championship until The Rising Suns (Toru Tanaka and Mitsu Arakawa) arrived in the promotion in September 1969 with the WWWF International Tag Team Championship which they claimed to have won in a tournament in Tokyo in June of that year. This became the WWWF's tag team title until 1971, mostly being held by The Mongols. When they left the WWWF, taking the titles with them, the promotion established their own original world tag team championship, the WWWF World Tag Team Championship. In 1979, the promotion became the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and the tag titles were renamed the WWF Tag Team Championship until 1983 when they became the WWF World Tag Team Championship.
In May 1985, Tatsumi Fujinami and Kengo Kimura beat Dick Murdoch and Adrian Adonis in a tournament final in Japan for a revival of the old International Tag Team Title of 1969–1971, only for the title to be abandoned again when New Japan and the WWF fell out in October 1985. By 1988, wrestling magazine Pro Wrestling Illustrated was calling for the establishment of a secondary WWF Intercontinental Tag Team Championship (modelled on the WCW United States Tag Team Championship) due to the glut of tag team competition in the promotion. This never took place, but in 1991, WWF-affiliated promotion UWF Japan introduced the WWF Intercontinental Tag Team Championship, claimed by the team of Perro Aguayo and Gran Hamada. This title was abandoned when the affiliation ended later that same year.
In 2001, the WWF bought rival company World Championship Wrestling (WCW), acquiring the WCW World Tag Team Championship, among other titles, which was defended on WWF programming until that year's Survivor Series, where the WCW World Tag Team Championship was unified into the WWF World Tag Team Championship.
After WWF's initial brand extension in the spring of 2002 and the renaming of the company as World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), the tag titles became the WWE Tag Team Championship and champions Billy and Chuck were drafted to the SmackDown brand. That summer, however, The Un-Americans (Christian and Lance Storm) would win the championship and shortly thereafter transfer it to the Raw brand where it was later renamed the World Tag Team Championship, effectively leaving the SmackDown brand without a tag team title. As a result, then-SmackDown general manager Stephanie McMahon introduced a new WWE Tag Team Championship and commissioned it to be the tag team title for the SmackDown brand.
The two titles were unified in 2009 and were collectively referred to as the "Unified WWE Tag Team Championship" while officially remaining independently active until the World Tag Team Championship was formally decommissioned in 2010, leaving the newer title as WWE's only tag team championship. As a result of the 2016 draft, the championship became exclusive to Raw and was renamed the Raw Tag Team Championship, and SmackDown created the SmackDown Tag Team Championship as a counterpart title. In addition, WWE's former developmental territory NXT established the NXT Tag Team Championship in January 2013, which became one of WWE's main titles for male tag teams in September 2019 when NXT became recognized as WWE's third major brand. Another title, the NXT UK Tag Team Championship, debuted for NXT's sister brand NXT UK in 2019, but is recognized as being a step below the other three. The Raw, SmackDown, NXT, and NXT UK tag team titles are WWE's currently active tag team championships for its male performers.
Female
Prior to 1983, the WWF did not have a tag team championship for their women's division. In 1983, the reigning NWA Women's World Tag Team Champions of Velvet McIntyre and Princess Victoria joined the WWF. As the WWF had withdrawn from the NWA, which owned the championship, McIntyre and Victoria were recognized as the first WWF Women's Tag Team Champions. The championship continued until 1989, when the promotion abandoned it due to lack of performers in the division. The Glamour Girls (Leilani Kai and Judy Martin) were the final champions.
The promotion would go without a women's tag team championship for many years. Talk of reviving the titles began circulating in 2012, when a WWE.com article was posted in favor of resurrecting the titles. Female performers were also in favor of adding a women's tag team championship. Online speculation began when WWE announced their first all female event, Evolution, for October, but the titles did not appear. On the December 24 episode of Monday Night Raw, WWE Chairman Vince McMahon officially announced that a new WWE Women's Tag Team Championship would debut in 2019 (and would not carry the lineage of the original title). The Boss 'n' Hug Connection (Bayley and Sasha Banks) became the inaugural champions at Elimination Chamber in February. It was also revealed that the titles would be defended across Raw, SmackDown, and NXT.
The WWE Women's Tag Team Championship would continue to be defended on NXT until March 2021. On the March 10, 2021 episode of NXT, NXT General Manager William Regal established the NXT Women's Tag Team Championship, naming Dakota Kai and Raquel González as the first champions, due to the controversial ending of their match for the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship the week prior and their having won the first Women's Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic. The WWE Women's Tag Team Championship subsequently ceased being available to NXT.
Longest championship reigns
Male
Top 10 tag team championship reigns
The following list shows the top 10 tag team championship reigns in WWE history.
Specific record for each championship
The following list shows the longest reigning champion for each tag team championship created and/or promoted by WWE, with the exception of the WWF Intercontinental Tag Team Championship. The team of Perro Aguayo and Gran Hamada won the inaugural championship on January 7, 1991. The title was abandoned at an unknown date, without ever being lost to another team. The length of their reign can thus not be determined.
Titles are listed in order of creation.
Female
Due to the short length of the three championships, only the specific record for each is shown.
Most championship reigns
Male
The following lists show the wrestlers with the most reigns for each tag team championship created and/or promoted by WWE.
By team
By wrestler
Female
The following lists show the wrestlers with the most reigns for each tag team championship created and/or promoted by WWE.
By team
By wrestler
Most total reigns
The following list shows the wrestlers who have the most tag team championship reigns in total as individuals, combining all titles they have held as recognized by WWE. This list also shows the titles that they won to achieve this record.
References
Tag team wrestling championships
The slaty becard (Pachyramphus spodiurus) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Ecuador and far northern Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Conservation
They have a decreasing population and are endangered according to the IUCN red list. Threats include the increase in urban areas, farming and deforestation. The population is fragmented. However, they occur in some protected areas. There are between 600 and 1700 mature birds.
Description
They have grey plumage. Their breast is a rather pale shade of grey. They have a black eye and dark grey beak.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
slaty becard
Birds of Ecuador
slaty becard
slaty becard]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This article contains the discography of Japanese pop singer Nana Kitade and includes information relating to album and single releases.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
EPs
Singles
Guest contributions
Cover of "She Bops" on We Love Cyndi - Tribute to Cyndi Lauper (2008)
References
External links
Loveless Official Website
Nana Kitade Official Web Site
Discographies of Japanese artists
Pop music discographies
U. orientalis may refer to:
Udotea orientalis, an alga species in the genus Udotea
Uperoleia orientalis, the Alexandria toadlet, a frog species endemic to Australia
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
A love triangle or eternal triangle is a scenario or circumstance, usually depicted as a rivalry, in which two people are pursuing or involved in a romantic relationship with one person, or in which one person in a romantic relationship with someone is simultaneously pursuing or involved in a romantic relationship with someone else. A love triangle typically is not conceived of as a situation in which one person loves a second person, who loves a third person, who loves the first person, or variations thereof.
Love triangles are a common narrative device in theater, literature, and film. Statistics suggest that, in Western society, "Willingly or not, most adults have been involved in a love triangle."
The 1994 book Beliefs, Reasoning, and Decision Making states, "Although the romantic love triangle is formally identical to the friendship triad, as many have noted their actual implications are quite different ... Romantic love is typically viewed as an exclusive relationship, whereas friendship is not."
History and definition
The term "love triangle" generally connotes an arrangement unsuitable to one or more of the people involved. One person typically ends up feeling betrayed at some point (e.g., "Person A is jealous of Person C who is having a relationship with Person B who, in Person A's eyes, is "their person."). A similar arrangement that is agreed upon by all parties is sometimes called a triad, which is a type of polyamory even though polyamory usually implies sexual relations. Within the context of monogamy, love triangles are inherently unstable, with unrequited love and jealousy as common themes. In most cases, the jealous or rejected first party ends a friendship – and sometimes even starts a fight with – the second party over the third-party love interest. Though rare, love triangles have been known to lead to murder or suicide committed by the actual or perceived rejected lover.
Psychoanalysis has explored "the theme of erotic love triangles and their roots in the Oedipal triangle". Experience suggests that "a repeated pattern of forming or being caught in love triangle can be much dissolved by beginning to analyse the patterns of the childhood relationship to each parent in turn and to both parents as a couple". In such instances, "you find men who are attracted only by a married woman but who can't sustain the relationship if it threatens to become more than an affair. They need the husband to protect them from a full relationship...as women who repeatedly get involved with married men need the wives".
Common themes
Eternal triangle
"In geometric terms, the eternal triangle can be represented as comprising three points – a jealous mate (A) in a relationship with an unfaithful partner (B) who has a lover (C) ... A feels abandoned, B is between two mates, and C is a catalyst for crisis in the union A-B".
It has been suggested that "a collusive network is always needed to keep the triangle eternal". This may take a tragic form – "I saw no prospect of its ending except with death – the death of one of three people" – or alternately a comic one: "A man at the funeral of a friend's wife, with whom they have been carrying on an affair, breaks into tears and finally becomes hysterical, while the husband remains impassive. 'Calm yourself,' says the husband, 'I'll be marrying again'."
Homosociality
It has been suggested that if men "share a sense of brotherhood and they allow a woman into their relationship, an isosceles triangle is created" automatically, as "in Truffaut's film Jules et Jim. René Girard has explored the role of envy and mimetic desire in such relationships, arguing that often the situation "subordinates a desired something to the who enjoys a privileged relationship with it". In such cases, 'it cannot be fair to blame the quarrel of the mimetic twins on a woman. ...  They are their common scapegoat'.
Marital breakup
When a love triangle results in the breakup of a marriage, it may often be followed by what has been called "the imposition of a 'defilement taboo'...the emotional demand imposed by a jealous ex-mate...to eschew any friendly or supportive contact with the rival in the triangle". The result is often to leave children gripped by "shadows from the past...they often take sides. Their loyalties are torn", and – except in the best of cases – "the one left 'injured' can easily sway the feelings of the children against acknowledging this new relationship".
As to gender responsibility, evidence would seem to indicate that in late modernity both sexes may equally well play the part of the "Other Person" – that "men and women love with equivalent passion as well as folly" and that certainly there is nothing to "suggest that a man is better able to control themselves in a love triangle than a woman". Stereotypically, the person at the center of a rivalrous love triangle is a woman, whereas for a split-object love triangle it is a man, due to the same reasons that polygyny is far more common than polyandry.
Those who find themselves tempted to become the Other Man may, however, still find a cynic's advice from the 1930s pertinent on "the emotional position of the adulterer, and why to avoid it... Did I know what a mug's game was? – No. – 'A mug's game,' they told me, 'is breaking your back at midnight, trying to make another man's wife come.
Distinction
A love triangle should not be confused with a ménage à trois, a three-way relationship in which either all members are romantically involved with each other, or one member has relations with two others who are reconciled to the situation instead of being in conflict. Ménage à trois is French and directly translates to "household for three" meaning it is usually composed of a "married couple and a lover ... who live together while sharing sexual relations". This differs from a love triangle because each participant is equally motivated purely by sexual desires. The ménage à trois may be considered a subset of "The Sandwich ... a straight three-handed operation ... which may be operated with any assortment of sexes: three men, three women, two men and a woman ('Ménage à trois'), or two women and a man ('The Tourist Sandwich')".
In entertainment
Love triangles are a popular theme in entertainment, especially romantic fiction, including opera, romance novels, soap operas, romantic comedies, manga, tabloid talk shows, and popular music. They are a major aspect of Indian television shows.
Three of the highest grossing movies of all time adjusted for inflation (Gone with the Wind, Titanic and Doctor Zhivago) are romantic epics that feature a love triangle at its core. Young adult literature has seen a rise in the popularity of the love triangle story structure (such as Twilight or The Selection). But the love triangle story structure has been around since before early classic writers like William Shakespeare and Alexandre Dumas. Shakespeare's famous play Romeo and Juliet featured a love triangle between Juliet, Romeo, and Paris. Although more subtle, Dumas's classics The Count of Monte Cristo and The Three Musketeers also feature love triangles strong enough to seek revenge and start a war.
In television shows, a love triangle is often prolonged, delaying final declarations of love between the pursued character and suitors that may prematurely end this dynamic or displease fans. Love triangles also featured prominently on soap operas, and can span more than a decade, as shown by Taylor Hamilton, Ridge Forrester and Brooke Logan on The Bold and the Beautiful, or between Luke Spencer, Laura Spencer, and Scotty Baldwin on General Hospital.
The love triangle has been a recurring subject in many popular songs throughout the years.
Warned of a love triangle by one of their prospective partners, Albert Einstein conceded to them that "You have more respect for the difficulties of triangular geometry than I, old mathematicus, have."
See also
Adultery
Affair
Tennessee Waltz
Threesome
Triangulation (psychology)
Archie Comics
References
External links
How to Cope in a Love Triangle
Triangle
Narrative techniques
Sexual fidelity
Hardies Platform was a railway station on the Sandown railway line in the then-industrial suburb of Camellia in Sydney, Australia. It opened 4 April 1938 and served a nearby factory owned by James Hardie Industries. On 18 June 1959, the original platform was replaced by a new one located on the up track on the Sandown side of the Grand Avenue level crossing. Passenger services on the Sandown line, and hence to Hardies, ceased on 19 December 1991.
Hardie was among a number of companies that had private sidings on the line. These were named Hardies Asbestos Siding (originally the Asbestos Slate and Sheet Manufacturing Siding), which opened on 25 October 1916, and Hardies Asbestos Siding No. 2, which opened on 1 May 1926. Both sidings were connected separately to the line and were removed on 13 November 1990.
References
Disused railway stations in Sydney
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1938
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1959
Railway stations closed in 1991
1991 disestablishments in Australia
Classical sculpture (usually with a lower case "c") refers generally to sculpture from Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, as well as the Hellenized and Romanized civilizations under their rule or influence, from about 500 BC to around 200 AD. It may also refer more precisely a period within Ancient Greek sculpture from around 500 BC to the onset of the Hellenistic style around 323 BC, in this case usually given a capital "C". The term "classical" is also widely used for a stylistic tendency in later sculpture, not restricted to works in a Neoclassical or classical style.
The main subject of Ancient Greek sculpture from its earliest days was the human figure, usually male and nude (or nearly so). Apart from the heads of portrait sculptures, the bodies were highly idealized but achieved an unprecedented degree of naturalism. In addition to free standing statues, the term classical sculpture incorporates relief work (such as the famous Elgin Marbles of the Parthenon) and the flatter bas-relief style. Whereas sculptural works emphasized the human form, reliefs were employed to create elaborate decorative scenes.
Although making large or monumental sculptures almost ceased in the Early Middle Ages and in Byzantine art, it greatly revived in the Italian Renaissance as Roman examples were excavated, and classical sculpture remained a great influence until at least the 19th century.
Ancient Greek sculpture
There are several periods:
Archaic period
The most important sculptural form of the Archaic period was the kouros (plural: kouroi), the standing male nude (See for example Biton and Kleobis). Reflecting Egyptian influence, the kouros stands upright with their left leg slightly forward and their arms at their sides. Although kouroi have been found in many ancient Greek territories, they were especially prominent in Attica and Boiotia. The preponderance of these were found in sanctuaries of Apollo with more than one hundred from the sanctuary of Apollo Ptoion, Boeotia, alone. These free-standing sculptures were typically marble, but the form is also rendered in limestone, wood, bronze, ivory and terracotta. They are typically life-sized, though early colossal examples are up to 3 meters tall.
Archaic Greek sculptors seem to have been influenced stylistically by the Egyptians, although divergences appeared early on. In particular, the male figures of Archaic Greece tended to be represented in the nude, while this was uncommon during all periods of ancient Egyptian art (except when slaves or enemies were depicted). As in Egyptian art, female subjects were always portrayed clothed; female nudity would not appear until much later on. The pursed and minutely upturned lips and empty gaze identified as the “archaic smile” appears on many defining works of the Archaic period.
In this period, the later emphasis on naturalistic bone and muscle anatomy had not yet developed, which can be seen in observing details such as the knees and other critical joints. Some details seem to be "incised" rather than fully modeled, a relic of more ancient traditions. As the Archaic style gradually transformed into what is known as the Classical style, a clear progression displaying more and more technical knowledge and skill can be detected.
Classical period
The Classical period saw changes in both the style and function of sculpture. Poses became more naturalistic (see the Charioteer of Delphi for an example of the transition to more naturalistic sculpture), and the technical skill of Greek sculptors in depicting the human form in a variety of poses greatly increased. From about 500 BC statues began to depict real people. The statues of Harmodius and Aristogeiton were erected in Athens to celebrate the assassination of the last Peisistratid tyrant, Hipparchus. They were said to be the first public monuments to depict actual people.
As Greek artists began to study human movement and anatomy, they discovered that living humans tend to display a "weight shift" or contraposition when standing.
The first Greek statue to exhibit contrapposto is the famed Kritios Boy, dating circa 480 BC. Contrapposto soon became a defining element of Greek sculptural technique, culminating in Polykleitos' Canon. The Canon is a theoretical work that discusses ideal mathematical proportions for the parts of the human body and proposes for sculpture of the human figure a dynamic counterbalance—between the relaxed and tensed body parts and between the directions in which the parts move. Polykleitos sought to prove the accuracy of their calculations by implementing their rules in a statue simply entitled: The Canon. Though the statue itself is lost to history, its principles manifest themselves in the Doryphoros ("spear-bearer"), which adopted extremely dynamic and sophisticated contrapposto in its cross-balance of rigid and loose limbs.
Greek temples were specially made to fit the large cult statues. They believed that placing shrines around the areas that were said to be holy would please the gods.
During the classical period, sculptors were not only creating works for temples, but also mortuary statues to show tribute to deceased loved ones. The sculptures would often show the deceased person in a relaxed pose. Successful athletes and rich families would commission statues of themselves for temples to show respect to the gods. In the 5th century BC, portraits became popular and busts featuring generals, philosophers and political leaders appeared.
The high quality of Greek work attracted Italian interest, and greatly influenced both Etruscan, and later, Roman art.
The enthusiasm with which Rome greeted Greek art has proven important not merely because of the transmission of classical Greek style, but also because most of the extant classical Greek works survive mainly in the form of Roman marble copies of Greek bronze originals. As bronze has always been a valuable metal, most of the originals were likely long ago melted down, and the few genuine survivals have been found by mostly in the context of shipwrecks.
However, Greeks did carve marble, and a number of classical Greek marbles have survived; the famed Parthenon Marbles (also known as the Elgin Marbles), lasted in situ until the beginning of the 19th Century. In fact, many of the surviving classical Greek marbles are from an architectural context.
Hellenistic period
The transition from the Classical to the Hellenistic period occurred during the 4th century BC. Sculpture became more and more naturalistic. Common people, women, children, animals and domestic scenes became acceptable subjects for sculpture, which was commissioned by wealthy families for the adornment of their homes and gardens. Realistic portraits of men and women of all ages were produced, and sculptors no longer felt obliged to depict people as ideals of beauty or physical perfection. Most Greek men were sculpted standing with their hips slightly to the side. When human beings stand this way it uses more muscles.
Roman sculpture
The study of Roman sculpture is complicated by its relation to Greek sculpture. Many examples of even the most famous Greek sculptures, such as the Apollo Belvedere and Barberini Faun, are known only from Roman Imperial or Hellenistic "copies". At one time, this imitation was taken by art historians as indicating a narrowness of the Roman artistic imagination, but, in the late 20th century, Roman art began to be reevaluated on its own terms: some impressions of the nature of Greek sculpture may in fact be based on Roman artistry.
The strengths of Roman sculpture are in portraiture, where they were less concerned with the ideal than the Greeks or Ancient Egyptians, and produced very characterful works, and in narrative relief scenes. Examples of Roman sculpture are abundantly preserved, in total contrast to Roman painting, which was very widely practiced but has almost all been lost. Latin and some Greek authors, particularly Pliny the Elder in Book 34 of their Natural History, describe statues, and a few of these descriptions match extant works. While a great deal of Roman sculpture, especially in stone, survives more or less intact, it is often damaged or fragmentary; life-size bronze statues are much rarer as most have been recycled for their metal.
Most statues were actually far more lifelike and often brightly colored when originally created; the raw stone surfaces found today is due to the pigment being lost over the centuries.
Portraits
Portraiture is a dominant genre of Roman sculpture, growing perhaps from the traditional Roman emphasis on family and ancestors; the entrance hall (atrium) of a Roman elite house displayed ancestral portrait busts. During the Roman Republic, it was considered a sign of character not to gloss over physical imperfections, and to depict men in particular as rugged and unconcerned with vanity: the portrait was a map of experience. During the Imperial era, more idealized statues of Roman emperors became ubiquitous, particularly in connection with the state religion of Rome. Tombstones of even the modestly rich middle class sometimes exhibit portraits of the otherwise unknown deceased carved in relief.
Colour
Ancient statues and bas-reliefs survive showing the bare surface of the material of which they are made, and people generally associate classical art with white marble sculpture. But there is evidence that many statues were painted in bright colours. Most of the colour was weathered off over time. Small remnants were removed during cleaning as well. In some cases small traces remained, however, that could be identified. A travelling exhibition of 20 coloured replicas of Greek and Roman works, alongside 35 original statues and reliefs, was held in Europe and the United States during 2007–2008, Gods in Color: Painted Sculpture of Classical Antiquity. Details such as whether the paint was applied in one or two coats, how finely the pigments were ground, or exactly which binding medium would have been used in each case—all elements that would affect the appearance of a finished piece—are not known.
Influence
Greco-Roman sculpture had a profound influence on Western art. With it, the Greco-Roman style established the possibility and potential of realism in art. Because of the relative durability of sculpture, it has managed to survive and continue to influence and inform artists in varying cultures and eras, from Europe to Asia, and today, the whole world.
While classical art gradually fell into disfavor in Europe after the fall of the Western Roman Empire, its rediscovery during the early Italian Renaissance proved decisive. One of the most important sculptors in the classical revival was Donatello. Many other sculptors such as Michelangelo also made works which can be considered classical. Modern Classicism contrasted in many ways with the classical sculpture of the 19th Century which was characterized by commitments to naturalism (Antoine-Louis Barye) -- the melodramatic (François Rude) sentimentality (Jean-Baptiste Carpeaux) -- or a kind of stately grandiosity (Lord Leighton) Several different directions in the classical tradition were taken as the century turned, but the study of the live model and the post-Renaissance tradition was still fundamental to them.
See also
Ancient Greek art
References
Henig, Martin (ed, Ch 3, "Sculpture" by Anthony Bonanno), A Handbook of Roman Art, Phaidon, 1983,
External links
Gallery: Gods in Greco-Roman Sculpture
Artists' camps flourished around Sydney Harbour in the 1880s and 1890s, mainly in the Mosman area making it "Australia's most painted suburb", but died out after the first decade of the twentieth century. They developed as a result of the enthusiasm for painting en plein air fostered by the Barbizon and Impressionist movements in France in the second half of the 19th century, and were modelled on the artists' colonies which grew up in France and parts of the British Isles. In them, free-spirited young men gathered to live cheaply together in the open air, trying to capture the beauty of their surroundings in paintings and drawings. Financial stringency during the depression of the 1890s made life in the camps even more attractive for Australian artists trying to establish themselves in a difficult market.
Balmoral
Some of the earliest camps, established before the spread of suburbia, were at Balmoral Beach. One centred on the weekender built by Bulletin cartoonist Livingston Hopkins "Hop" on land they leased near Edwards Beach, in north Balmoral. Among the artists who joined Hop at the camp was Julian Ashton, who, while teaching more formally at their school in the city, also encouraged their students to paint out-of-doors. A.J. Daplyn, another keen promoter of the new style of landscape painting, also stayed at the camp, as did many of the artists working for the Picturesque Atlas of Australasia (1886–89), including Albert Henry Fullwood, Frank P. Mahony, John Mather and Frederic Schell.
According to the custom of the time, women did not live in the camps. They were frequent visitors, however, and many women became enthusiastic landscape painters. Other notable visitors were writers Robert Louis Stevenson, who spent a night at Balmoral under canvas, and Ada Cambridge, who included lyrical descriptions of the camp in their 1891 novel A Marked Man and later, in their Thirty Years in Australia (1903). As they noted:
… a cluster of tents, a little garden, a woodstock, a water tub – almost hidden in the trees and bushes until one was close upon it; and the camp looked out upon the great gateway of the heads, and saw all the ships that passed through, voyaging to the distant world and back again.
Curlew Camp
Equally well known was Curlew Camp, on the eastern shore of Little Sirius Cove, below today's Taronga Zoo. This had been set up by the Oxford Street business person Reuben Brasch and their family, who came to stay at the camp by boat, crossing the harbour from Parsley Bay.
The Melbourne painters Tom Roberts and Arthur Streeton moved to Sydney in the early 1890s, looking for wider opportunities to sell their work. Both spent considerable periods at Curlew and the paintings they did at this time, of Sydney Harbour, Mosman Bay and nearby Cremorne Point, are among the masterpieces of Australian art.
Curlew was a well established camp, with many home comforts, including a billiards tent. Residents combined to pay a cook, and there was a youth to take care of odd jobs. Arthur Streeton described life there in evocative letters. Their friend the composer Marshall Hall, visiting from Melbourne, was inspired by the harbour setting to write their "Hymn to Sydney", which began:
City of laughing loveliness! Sun-girdled Queen!
Crowned with imperial morning, bejewelled with joy...
The art patron Howard Hinton, a frequent visitor, came to know Roberts, Streeton and other painters at the camp. Some of the works they bought from them were donated to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and many became part of the Hinton collection at the Armidale Teachers' College. They can now be seen at the New England Regional Art Museum.
Bohemians in the Bush
In 1991 the Art Gallery of New South Wales presented an exhibition, "Bohemians in the Bush", in celebration of the artists' camps, bringing together an impressive collection of works from the period. The exhibition also aimed to recreate the social context in which the artists lived, and something of the atmosphere of the busy city where many of them earned their livings as teachers and illustrators.
At the time of the "Bohemians in the Bush" exhibition, the site of Curlew Camp was accessible only by water or bush track, and had reverted more or less to its natural condition. In order to ensure the preservation of this area, described as "one of the sacred sites of Australian painting", Mosman Council in 2005 commissioned a heritage study which recommended the creation of a Curlew Camp Artists' Walk, following the route taken from the Mosman ferry. It also recommended improved access to the camp site itself, construction of a viewing platform and interpretative signage. Work began on this project in 2007.
See also
One Summer Again, 1985 docudrama
Art colony, especially Montsalvat, an artist's colony in Eltham, Victoria, Australia, established by Justus Jörgensen in 1934.
References
Bibliography
Julian Ashton, Now Came Still Evening On, Angus and Robertson, Sydney, 1941
Leigh Astbury, Sunlight and Shadow, Australian Impressionist Painting, 1880–1900, Bay Books, Sydney, 1989
Ada Cambridge, Thirty Years in Australia, Methuen, London, 1903
AJ Daplyn, Landscape Painting From Nature in Australia, WC Penfold, Sydney, 1902
Ann Galbally and Anne Gray, Letters From Smike: The Letters of Arthur Streeton 1890–1943, Oxford University Press, Melbourne, 1989
Godden Mackay Logan, "Curlew Camp Artists' Walk: Interpretation Plan and Design Study", Report for Mosman Council, 2006
C.R. Mansell, Curlew Camp, Lutterworth, London, 1954
Virginia Spate, Tom Roberts (revised edition), Lansdowne, Melbourne, 1978
External links
Article (CC-by-sa) on "Artist's Camps" by Robin Tranter in the Dictionary of Sydney
Mosman council self guided walking tours and printable Curlew Camp artists walk brochure
National Gallery of Victoria essay on Australian Impressionism, "Sydney and the Hawkesbury" section.
Video (YouTube) of the Curlew Camp walk, filmed and narrated by the Cumberland Courier (local newspaper syndicate)
Oral history recording of John Dansie (2002) in "Mosman Voices" discussing Curlew Camp and Sirius Cove
This Wikipedia article is substantially built upon the essay "Artists' Camps" in the Dictionary of Sydney written by Robin Tranter, 2008 and licensed under CC by-sa. Imported on 14 January 2010.
Australian artist groups and collectives
History of Sydney
Heidelberg School
Mosman, New South Wales
Simple Kapadia (15 August 1958 – 10 November 2009) was a Hindi film actor and costume designer, who was active in their professional career from 1987 until their death in 2009.
Early and personal life
Simple was born on 15 August 1958 to parents Chunnibhai and Betty Kapadia. They were raised alongside 3 siblings - elder sister Dimple Kapadia, younger sister Reem Kapadia (who died of drug overuse) and Suhail (Munna) Kapadia.
They had a son Karan Kapadia with Rajinder Singh Shetty and was the aunt of Twinkle Khanna and Rinke Khanna.
Career
Acting
Simple Kapadia made their acting debut in 1977 at the age of 18 in the role of Sumitha Mathur in the film Anurodh, with their brother-in-law, actor Rajesh Khanna. They starred opposite Jeetendra in Shakka and Chakravyuha.
They played supporting roles in Lootmaar, Zamaane Ko Dikhana Hai, Jeevan Dhaara and Dulha Bikta Hai. In 1985 they starred in the art film Rehguzar opposite Shekhar Suman. Them last acting gig was an item song for Parakh in 1987.
Costume design
After their final acting gig, they became a costume designer, and designed for actors including Sunny Deol, Tabu, Amrita Singh, Sridevi and Priyanka Chopra.
In 1994 they won a National Award for their costume design in Rudaali. They later designed for Indian movies including Rok Sako To Rok Lo and Shaheed.
Filmography
As an actor
As a costume designer
Awards and nominations
1994 - National Film Award for Best Costume Design for Rudaali
Death
Simple Kapadia was diagnosed with cancer in 2006, but continued working despite the pain. They died in a hospital in Andheri, Mumbai on 10 November 2009, aged 51.
See also
List of Indian film actores
References
External links
1958 births
2009 deaths
Deaths from cancer in India
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Gujarati people
Indian film actores
Indian costume designers
Artists from Mumbai
Actresses from Edinburgh
20th-century Indian actores
20th-century Indian designers
21st-century Indian designers
21st-century Indian actores
Actresses from Mumbai
Best Costume Design National Film Award winners
Khoja Ismailism
"What the Truck" is a song recorded by Canadian country duo The Reklaws with fellow Canadian country artist Sacha. The sibling duo co-wrote the track with producer Callum Maudsley. It was included on Sacha's 2022 extended play We Did.
Background and development
The Reklaws shared a brief clip of the song on social media platform TikTok in February 2021, initially asking fans for their opinion on whether they should finish and record the song. After garnering many views, they made another post asking fans and followers to submit their own verse. Fellow country artist Sacha, also from Ontario, was chosen to join them on the track after making their own submission.
The duo wrote the song during the COVID-19 pandemic. Facing many lockdown restrictions, they said the song "just poured out," adding "frustrations were brewing and all we wanted to do was get out of the house". The two described the song as "fun and light".
Critical reception
Chad Benson of Today's Country 95.5 called the track an "ideal windows rolled down, summer song". Amplify Music Magazine said the Reklaws were "heating things up" heading into summer with "What the Truck". Top Country stated that the duo "certainly made the right choice" when they selected Sacha to join them on the song. Hannah Smith of The Nash News described the song as a "fun and aggressive track," adding that it was "definitely fitting for the past years".
Accolades
Commercial performance
"What the Truck" debuted at number 25 on the Billboard Hot Canadian Digital Songs chart the week after its release. It garnered over 450,000 domestic streams in its first week, setting a record for the most domestically streamed Canadian country song in a single week. It also became the fastest Canadian country song to reach 1 Million domestic streams. The song has received immense attention on TikTok, topping their playlist of country songs in both Canada and the United States. It was certified Gold by Music Canada less than four months after its release, making it the fastest Canadian country song to reach gold-certification in the streaming era.
Music video
The official music video for "What the Truck" premiered on CMT on July 14, 2021. It was directed by Austin Chaffe, and features the Reklaws and Sacha singing the song either in a Dodge Ram truck, or with the truck in the background. The video was shot at a farm owned by a friend of the Reklaws, and was filmed by a small two-man crew due to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions.
Charts
Certifications
References
2021 songs
The Reklaws songs
Songs written by Jenna Walker
Songs written by Stuart Walker (singer)
Ivar Mølgaard is a Danish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Trisuloides sericea is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in South-east Asia.
The wingspan is about 24 mm.
Subspecies
Trisuloides sericea sericea (India)
Trisuloides sericea hawkeri A.E. Prout & Talbot, 1924 (Indonesia: Central Buru)
Trisuloides sericea trigonoleuca A.E. Prout, 1922 (Indonesia, Central Sulawesi)
References
; ; 2011: A revision of the genus Trisuloides Butler, 1881 with descriptions of three new species from China (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae). Revision of Pantheinae, contribution I. Zootaxa, 3069: 1–25. Preview.
Moths described in 1881
Pantheinae
Moths of Japan
Lieutenant-General Sir Robert Grice Sturges (14 July 1891 – 12 September 1970) was a senior Royal Marines officer who fought in both the First World War and Second World War.
Military career
Sturges joined the Royal Navy in 1908. Commissioned a sub-lieutenant on 15 May 1912, they transferred to the Royal Marines as a lieutenant from the same date (confirmed on 19 December 1914). They served in the First World War, seeing action in the Gallipoli campaign and the Battle of Jutland, and receiving promotion to captain on 30 January 1917. They were officially transferred to the Royal Marine Light Infantry on 30 January 1917.
Between the wars, they were promoted to major on 17 June 1929, and to lieutenant colonel on 1 April 1936. They were brevetted colonel and promoted to colonel on 3 April 1939 (seniority 31 December 1938).
During the Second World War they were the commander of the British occupation of Iceland in May 1940. They were promoted to acting colonel commandant and temporary brigadier on 4 June, and was mentioned in despatches in July. They were Commander of the British occupation of Madagascar in 1942. They went on to be Commander of the Special Service Group (Commandos) in 1943. They were described as "intrepid in action, ruddy in countenance, and forcefully bucolic in language". They retired in 1946.
References
Notes
Sources
Survey of the Papers of Senior UK Defence Personnel, 1900–1975. Liddell Hart Centre for Military Archives.
Lockhart, R. H. Bruce (1950). The Marines Were There: The Story of the Royal Marines in the Second World War. Putnam, London.
Whitehead, Þór (1995). Milli vonar og ótta: Ísland í síðari heimsstyrjöld. Vaka-Helgafell, Reykjavík. .
External links
Generals of World War II
Royal Marine Officers 1939−1945
Royal Marines generals of World War II
History of Madagascar
1891 births
1970 deaths
Royal Marines personnel of World War I
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Royal Marines Commando officers
People from the Borough of Wokingham
Royal Marines generals
Gallipoli campaign
Military personnel from Berkshire
Saving Zoë may refer to:
Saving Zoë (film), 2019
Saving Zoë (novel), by Alyson Noël
Winterbottom's sign is a swelling of lymph nodes (lymphadenopathy) along the posterior cervical lymph node chain, associated with the early phase of African trypanosomiasis (African sleeping sickness), a disease caused by the parasites Trypanosoma brucei rhodesiense and Trypanosoma brucei gambiense. It may be suggestive of cerebral infection. Winterbottom reported about the slave traders who, apparently aware of the ominous sign of swollen cervical lymph glands, used to palpate the necks of the slaves before buying them.
The sign was first reported by the English physician Thomas Masterman Winterbottom in 1803.
References
External links
CDC website on trypanosomiasis
Infectious diseases
Shweli River (; ) is a river in China and Myanmar (Burma). Also known as Nam Mao (; ) in Shan or Dai, and Ruili River or Longchuan River (龙川江) in Chinese, it forms 26 km of the boundary between Burma and China. It is one of the tributaries of the Myanmar's chief river, the Ayeyarwady, and arises in Yunnan Province of China. It flows through northern Shan state and Sagaing Division, and enters the Ayeyarwady at Inywa, north of Tagaung and south of Katha.
History
Dai people, known as Shan in Burma, migrated from Yunnan into Burma along the Shweli. Maw Shans from Mong Mao settled in the Shweli valley, and raided and invaded the Bamar heartlands down the Shweli, some people believe that King Anawrahta of Bagan (1044–1077) reduced Mong Mao to a vassal state. But the event is that when the Anawrahta visited Nanzhao in quest of the Buddha's tooth while returning, married Sao-Môn-la, a daughter of the Mong Mao king. But there is nothing to show that the Mong Mao king ever had to acknowledge the overlordship of the Pagan monarch. The fall of the kingdom of Bagan in the 13th century, however, saw a resurgence of Shan power, although King Bayinnaung (1551–1581) of the Taungoo Dynasty succeeded in pacifying them to establish Burmese suzerainty once and for all. King Hsinbyushin (1763–1776) of the Konbaung Dynasty also successfully resisted Chinese army in Sino-Burmese War (1765-9) that advanced down the Shweli and Myitnge river valleys.
The territory south of the Shweli, about , north of Namtu and from Namkham to the west, was under the control of the Communist Party of Burma (CPB) from 1968 to 1986. The Kachin Independence Army (KIA) controlled the area north of the Shweli, and the Shan State Army (SSA) and the Palaung State Liberation Army (PSLA) farther south. The Shweli river valley and the hills around Momeik (Mong Mit) and Mogok with its ruby mines had been old CPB strongholds since the 1950s. Momeik itself was captured by the Communists in 1977. The Burmese Army recaptured the territory in early 1987, and subsequently opened up border trade with China.
Population
The region is inhabited mainly by Shan people, some Kachin and Palaung and a few Chinese.
Flora and fauna
There are extensive marshes on both banks of the Shweli at the confluence with the Ayeyarwady. Hills are covered with broad-leaved species of Terminalia and Shorea trees. Rhododendron edgeworthii, of the finest foliage and flowers ranging in colour from white to white flushed pink or pink, sometimes with a yellow blotch, was part of a collection made in 1997 on the Shweli - Salween divide on the Yunnan border with Burma.
White-winged wood duck (Cairina scutulata), an endangered species of forest duck, and the sarus crane (Grus antigone) are native to the Shweli river. The gharial (Gavialis gangeticus), a crocodilian, was last spotted in 1927. The Irrawaddy dolphin has been known to reach the upper tributaries of the Ayeyarwady including the Shweli.
Based on the survey in 2003 and 2006, a total of 49 species of fish were collected in Shweli river and tributaries in China. By the combination of the investigated species and specimens in the museum of Kunming Institute of Zoology, there are a total of 60 species belonging to 8 orders, 19 families, and 44 genera in Shweli river drainage, among which 16 species are endemic to Irrawaddy drainage and 9 species are alien species. On composition, the species of Cyprinidae are dominant, which have 26 species accounting for 43.3% of the total number of species. In the next place, Sisoridae has 11 species, accounting for 18.3% of the total.
Towns
Ruili (Shweli)
Muse
Namhkam
Momeik
Mabein
Trade and commerce
Muse is connected to Ruili on the Chinese side, and a roaring trade in goods and services was engaged in across the "Gun Bridge", so called because of the armaments transported from China to the military government of Burma. The old bridge was replaced by a new wider one in 2005. Gems especially jade and produce, and illicit heroin, are exported in exchange for cheap motorcycles and household goods from China.
More recently, Chinese hybrid rice called sinn shweli has been introduced by the military authorities to the local farmers as part of the opium eradication drive, most of the crop to be exported back to China.
The Shweli I Dam was put into operation on the river in 2008. It is the first of three planned dams on the main stem in Myanmar. The river upper in China has abundant hydropower reserves, there are 18 hydroelectric power stations has been built, mostly in Tengchong. And the biggest one in China is Longjiang Dam at Zhefang, Mangshi which operates in 2010.
Notes
External links
Shweli River Google map GeoNames
Shan State map R4 = Shweli River Asterism
Sagaing Division map R3 = Shweli River Asterism
Photo of the "Gun Bridge" over the Shweli Renaud Egreteau
3rd Destruction of Narcotic Drugs Ceremony, 26 November 1999 myanmar-narcotic.net
Rivers of Myanmar
Rivers of Yunnan
China–Myanmar border
International rivers of Asia
Geography of Dehong Dai and Jingpo Autonomous Prefecture
Geography of Baoshan, Yunnan
Sequoyah Hills is a neighborhood in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States, named for the Cherokee scholar Sequoyah (c. 1767–1843), inventor of the Cherokee alphabet. It is located off Kingston Pike, between the city's downtown and West Knoxville. Initially developed in the 1920s, Sequoyah Hills was one of Knoxville's first suburbs and today is home to some of the city's most affluent residents. The neighborhood contains numerous notable examples of mid-20th century residential architecture, with houses designed by architects such as Charles I. Barber, Benjamin McMurry, and Francis Keally.
Originally an agricultural area called Looney's Bend, the modern Sequoyah Hills neighborhood is largely rooted in the development efforts of 1920s-era visionary entrepreneurs E. V. Ferrell, who developed the Scenic Drive area, and Robert L. Foust, who established the "Talahi" subdivision in the vicinity of Cherokee Boulevard and Talahi Drive. Foust and Ferrell advertised their respective developments as utopian getaways where Knoxville's elite could escape the ills of congested city life. While the Great Depression led to the financial collapse of the Talahi project and Foust's subsequent suicide, Sequoyah Hills nevertheless continued to develop over the years as Foust had envisioned.
Cherokee Boulevard was home to Knoxville's first Dogwood Arts Trail, which was established in 1955. In 1979, the Talahi Improvements, which consist of several early landscape elements from Foust's Talahi development, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Location
Sequoyah Hills is located on a peninsula created by a bend of the Tennessee River known as Looney's Bend. The neighborhood is bounded by the river on the east, south, and west, and by Kingston Pike (US-70/US-11) on the north, though the Kingston Pike/Sequoyah Hills Neighborhood Association includes several streets just north of Kingston Pike. The area is generally hilly, with a 10 to 15-foot bluff rising above the rivershore along most of the neighborhood's southern edge. From the edge of the bluff, the land gradually slopes upward, reaching approximately above the river, affording houses along the upper slopes sweeping views of the river and Knoxville in the distance.
Sequoyah Park, which occupies most of the south side of the neighborhood, lies in the floodplain between the rivershore and base of the bluff. Cherokee Boulevard, a true boulevard with a grassy median dividing the right and left lanes, runs in a U-shape around the edge of the peninsula. The other main road, Scenic Drive/Southgate Road, runs roughly north-to-south across the center of the peninsula. A small commercial center, known as Council Point, is concentrated around the intersection of Kenesaw and Keowee avenues.
History
Early history
What is now Sequoyah Hills was inhabited by Native Americans as early as the Late Woodland period (c. 500–1100 A.D.), as indicated by a 1,000-year-old Indian mound that rises in the median of Cherokee Boulevard. By the 18th century, the area was under control of the Cherokee, whose Overhill towns lay along the Little Tennessee River to the southwest. The neighborhood's namesake, Sequoyah, was born in the Overhill town of Tuskegee around 1767.
In 1796, Moses Looney (1750–1817), who had served in various capacities with the failed State of Franklin during the 1780s, acquired a tract of land in what is now Sequoyah Hills. They and their descendants would remain on this land for several decades, and the area became known as "Looney's Bend." Other early landowners in the Sequoyah Hills area included future Knoxville mayor James Park, who purchased a tract in 1804, William Lyon, who built a house and mill near the modern intersection of Lyon's View Pike and Northshore Drive around 1810, and Drury Armstrong (builder of Crescent Bend), who acquired a large tract of land west of modern Scenic Drive in 1846.
The oldest house still extant in Sequoyah Hills, which currently stands at 715 Scenic Drive, was originally built in the 1850s as a tenant house on the farm of Allen Johnson (1808–1898). Around 1814, George White, son-in-law of James Park and grandson of Knoxville founder James White, built a house along what is now Woodhill Place. While this house is no longer standing, foundation remnants of a barn that accompanied the house can be seen along Scenic Drive.
Early development
In 1890, Francis Huger, superintendent of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway, acquired over in Sequoyah Hills with the intent of moving a steel mill to the area. The Panic of 1893 doomed this venture, however, and the land was distributed to Huger's creditors in 1908. Knox County road commissioner Peter Blow (1854–1945) built a house on the south bank of the river opposite Sequoyah Hills in 1910, where they operated a ferry. Blow's Ferry Road, which connected the ferry to Kingston Pike, is believed to have been built along a trail that once accessed a cemetery containing the graves of Civil War soldiers and slaves.
In 1907, several Knoxville business people established the Cherokee Country Club on Lyon's View Pike, and erected a clubhouse on a hill with a commanding view of the river valley and the Great Smoky Mountains beyond. This original clubhouse was eventually demolished, and replaced with the current building, designed by the noted Knoxville architectural firm Baumann and Baumann, in 1928. In 1913, trolley tracks were extended along Kingston Pike to its Lyon's View Pike junction, aiding in the development of the area. What is now Sequoyah Hills was annexed by Knoxville in 1917.
With the advent of the automobile, affluent Knoxvillians began fleeing the congested urban neighborhoods for more spacious areas on the city's periphery. By 1920, several elegant residences, such as the H.L. Dulin House (1915) on Kingston Pike and the C. Powell Smith (1913) and E.C. Mahan (1920) residences on Lyon's View Pike, had been built near Sequoyah Hills. In 1921, Regal Manufacturing president S. D. Coykendall commissioned noted Knoxville architectural firm Barber & McMurry to build a house on what is now Scenic Drive.
Talahi and Sequoyah Hills
In the mid-1920s, E. V. Ferrell began major residential development in Sequoyah Hills. To connect their holdings along the peninsula, they built Cherokee Boulevard (named for the Indian mound in the road's median) and improved Scenic Drive as far as its modern intersection with Bluff and Southgate (a gate at this point inspired the name of the latter). Ferrell chose the name "Sequoyah Hills" to match the name of Cherokee Boulevard. By 1924, houses had been built at 901, 919, 927 and 937 Scenic Drive, and fifty lots had been sold by the end of the decade.
In 1926, Robert Foust, a partner in the real estate firm Alex McMillan Company, purchased a tract of land on the southeast section of Looney's Bend with plans to develop a premier subdivision for Knoxville. Foust envisioned a neighborhood for those "who insist upon and can afford the best," and where "all the ugliness of city life has been shut out." They named the new subdivision "Talahi," Cherokee for "standing oak forest." The new neighborhood, Foust believed, would bring together "an Indian past, a technical future, and a natural forest setting."
Foust recruited landscape engineer Earle S. Draper to oversee Talahi's complex landscape designs. The plans called for curvilinear streets, preservation of mature trees wherever possible, and underground utilities. Lot sizes were to be no less than 5,000 square feet, and were restricted to single-family homes. Foust's restrictions called for all houses to be built in English Cottage or American Colonial Revival styles (this restriction was abandoned by subsequent developers). A country club was to be built along the river bank.
Between 1927 and 1929, Foust constructed several landscape features, including entrance pylons, fountains, and a park (Papoose Park). Talahi was opened to sales in the Spring of 1929. Unfortunately, only one lot— 940 Cherokee Boulevard— was sold before the stock market crashed later that year. In the early 1930s, lots in Talahi, originally marketed in the $4,000 to $10,000 range, were selling for just $600. Their finances in ruins, Foust committed suicide in September 1933.
Notable buildings and structures
Talahi Improvements
Before the stock market crash ruined their development efforts in 1929, Foust managed to complete several landscape improvements in the proposed Talahi subdivision. These include gateposts at either end of the subdivision along Cherokee Boulevard, two fountains, a park, streetlight standards, and stone benches. The roads were originally paved in concrete, which has been preserved along parts of Talahi Drive, Iskagna Drive, and Taliluna Avenue.
The Talahi Improvements are concentrated primarily between the intersections of Talahi Drive and Cherokee Boulevard and Talahi Drive and Taliluna Avenue, with islands in both intersections containing the two fountains, called "Sunhouse Fountain" and "Panther Fountain," respectively. Papoose Park, which is surrounded by an iron fence, is situated in the median along Talahi Drive between the two intersections. Stone walls with inset benches form a broken circle around the Cherokee Boulevard/Talahi Drive intersection, with the north walls opening toward Papoose Park, and the south walls opening toward the lake, where the proposed country club was to have been built.
Sunhouse Fountain is a circular stone fountain with twelve small posts, each decorated with a sunburst motif, and each originally surmounted by a bronze frog (the frogs have since been removed). Panther Fountain is a circular fountain with a central obelisk resting atop a base of varying geometric shapes. Water was discharged through panther heads on each of the four sides of the base. Cherokee motifs decorate the gateposts, pylons, and fountains, suggesting inspiration from both Cherokee folklore and the Art Deco movement's emphasis on abstract figures.
Houses
The Jenkins House on Cherokee Boulevard, built in 1955 and designed by noted Knoxville architect Ben McMurry, Jr., of the firm Barber & McMurry. In 2008, the magazine Oxford American profiled this house in its list of the best modern homes of the southeast.
University of Tennessee president's house (940 Cherokee Boulevard), a Georgian Revival-style house built by Nashville surgeon Walter S. Nash in the 1930s after the Nash family home in downtown Knoxville was demolished for the construction of the Knoxville Post Office. Nash purchased the sole lot in Talahi before the company collapsed into financial ruin. The University of Tennessee purchased the house in 1960 from Nash's son-in-law and daughter, Ray Jenkins and Eva Nash Jenkins, and used it as its presidential mansion until 2009.
Thomas House (715 Scenic Drive), the oldest extant house in Sequoyah Hills, originally built in the 1850s as a tenant house on the farm of Allen Johnson. The Towle family purchased the farm in 1899, and in turn sold it to developer N.E. Logan in 1923.
726 Scenic Drive, a one-story Minimal Traditional-style Gunnison home built in 1948. Gunnison homes were a type of prefabricated house popular in the years following World War II.
934 Scenic Drive, a 2.5-story Tudor Revival-style house built in 1928, and designed by landscape architect Elizabeth Dunlap.
937 Scenic Drive, a two-story Neoclassical-style house built in 1924, and designed by the architectural firm Barber & McMurry.
1029 Scenic Drive, a two-story Neoclassical-style house built in 1930, and designed by the architectural firm Barber & McMurry.
Lockett House (1065 Scenic Drive), a two-story Neoclassical style house built in 1931, and designed by the architectural firm Baumann and Baumann. The property includes an old log cabin moved from Jefferson County.
1079 Scenic Drive, a two-story art moderne house built in 1935, and designed by landscape architect Elizabeth Dunlap.
1119 Scenic Drive, a 1.5-story Tudor Revival-style house built in 1940 for Dr. Clifford E. Barbour, designed by architect Francis Keally and landscape architect Arthur F. Brinkerhoff.
Other buildings
Sequoyah Elementary School, the original part of which (facing Sagwa Drive) was built in 1929, and designed by the architectural firm Barber McMurry.
Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian Church, founded in 1947; the current church building was completed in 1954.
Notable residents
Notable residents of Sequoyah Hills have included Senator Howard H. Baker, Jr., business person Jim Clayton (owner of Clayton Homes), author Alex Haley, members of the Haslam family including Gov. Bill Haslam, author Cormac McCarthy, actor Patricia Neal, Tennessee Volunteers football coach Robert R. Neyland, actor David Keith, Knoxville mayors George Roby Dempster and Benjamin Morton, and photographer James Edward Thompson.
References
Further reading
Berwick, Sandy. Reflections on Sequoyah Hills (as told to Sandy Berwick, Chair, Kingston Pike-Sequoyah Hills Association Historical Committee). Knoxville, Tennessee: Kingston Pike-Sequoyah Hills Association Historical Committee, 1997.
Fletcher, Robert J (Jeff). A Historical Perspective of Talahi. (University of Tennessee unpublished paper, 1969.)
Isenhour, Judith Clayton. Knoxville - A Pictorial History. (Donning, 1978), page 128.
External links
Kingston Pike Sequoyah Hills Association — official neighborhood site
National Register of Historic Places (Talahi section only)
Citation of Robert Fletcher's Unpublished Paper on the Talahi Improvements
Neighborhoods in Knoxville, Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
The superfamily Apoidea is a major group within the Hymenoptera, which includes two traditionally recognized lineages, the "sphecoid" wasps, and the bees. Molecular phylogeny demonstrates that the bees arose from within the traditional "Crabronidae", so that grouping is paraphyletic, and this has led to a reclassification to produce monophyletic families.
Nomenclature
Bees appear in recent classifications to be a specialized lineage of "crabronid" wasps that switched to the use of pollen and nectar as larval food, rather than insect prey; this makes the traditional "Crabronidae" a paraphyletic group. Accordingly, bees and sphecoids are now all grouped together in a single superfamily, and the older available name is "Apoidea" rather than "Sphecoidea" (which, like Spheciformes, has been used in the past, but also defined a paraphyletic group and has been abandoned).
As bees (not including their wasp ancestors) are still considered a monophyletic group, they are given a grouping between superfamily and family to unify all bees, Anthophila.
Phylogeny
This phylogenetic tree is based on Sann et al., 2018, which used phylogenomics to demonstrate that both the bees (Anthophila) and the Sphecidae arose from within the former "Crabronidae," which is therefore paraphyletic, and which they suggested should be split into several families; the former family Heterogynaidae nests within the Bembicidae, as defined by these authors. These findings differ in several details from studies published by two other sets of authors in 2017, though all three studies demonstrate a paraphyletic "Crabronidae."
References
Further reading
Michener, C.D. (2000). The Bees of the World. Johns Hopkins University Press.
External links
All Living Things Image, identification guides, and maps of Apoidea.
Solitary Bees Popular introduction to the Hymenoptera Apoidea.
Fiori e Api d'Albore and Intoppa Flower visiting bees in Europe pdf. In Italian but excellent table with Latin names.
Native Bees of North America
Apocrita superfamilies
The Jazz Orchestra of The Delta is a 17 piece concert jazz orchestra based primarily out of Memphis, Tennessee. The group was founded in 1998 and had their first commercial CD release in 2003, "Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter" on Summit Records featuring vocalist Sandra Dudley and jazz trumpeter Marvin Stamm which received numerous reviews and four out of five stars in Allmusic Guide. Their recording is also included as the third CD in the three disc box set, the Memphis Jazz Box.
The group features studio musicians in the Mid-South region (Memphis and Nashville) of the United States and has performed numerous concerts to include artistic collaborations with the Memphis Symphony Orchestra, Ballet Memphis, and Mahogany jazz artist Kathy Kosins. The group primarily features the music of composer/arranger Jack Cooper, who is the musical director and co-founder of the JOD. More recent performances were on Sunday, June 5, 2011 at the Levitt Shell Amphitheatre Concert series in Memphis, Tennessee and Saturday March 7, 2015 at the Michael D. Rose Theatre to premiere the Origin Records release of the CD Time Within Itself.
Discography
2000 Live at Harris Concert Hall (JOD 001)
2003 Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter (Summit Records)
2004 Memphis Jazz Box (Select-O-Hits Records)
2004 Summit Jazz Sampler (Summit Records)
2011 Live at the Levitt Shell Concert Series (JOD 002)
See also
Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter
Memphis Jazz Box
Jack Cooper
References
External links
Jazz Orchestra of the Delta's Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter at Summit Records
French National Library, Notice bibliographique
American jazz ensembles
Big bands
Modern big bands
Musical groups established in 1998
The Baháʼí Terraces, or the Hanging Gardens of Haifa, are garden terraces on Mount Carmel in Haifa, and one of the most popular tourist destinations in Israel. Completed in 2001, there are 19 terraces and more than 1,500 steps ascending the mountain. The central terrace has the Shrine of the Báb, one of the main religious figures of the Baháʼí Faith. The architect was Fariborz Sahba from Iran, and the structural engineers were Karban and Co. from Haifa.
The terraces are part of a complex of Baháʼí holy places in Haifa, Acre, and northern Galilee that were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in July 2008.
The gardens rest in the neighborhoods of Wadi Nisnas and Hadar HaCarmel.
Symbolism
The terraces represent the first eighteen disciples of the Báb, who were designated "Letters of the Living", although no terraces are connected with particular individuals.
Design
Nine concentric circles provide the main geometry of the eighteen terraces. Just as the identification of a circle presupposes a centre, so the terraces have been conceived as generated from the Shrine of the Báb. The eighteen terraces plus the one terrace of the Shrine of the Báb make nineteen terraces total. Nineteen is a significant number within both the Baháʼí and Bábí religions.
The gardens have elements of the Persian gardens of Shiraz, Iran, the Nishat Bagh gardens of Jammu and Kashmir, India and English gardens, isolating the site from the noise of the surroundings and connecting the different Baháʼí buildings on Mount Carmel together.
Fariborz Sahba began work in 1987 designing the gardens and oversaw construction. The terraces were opened to the public in June 2001. Beginning at its base, the gardens extend almost up the side of Mount Carmel, covering some land. The gardens are linked by a set of stairs flanked by twin streams of running water cascading down the mountainside through the steps and terrace bridges.
Water and ecology
The irrigation system includes a computer which, based on meteorologic data it receives, controls hundreds of valves to distribute water throughout the gardens by sprinkling and dripping. This is done at night and in the early morning, to avoid wasting water by evaporation. The water that flows alongside the stairs is circulating in a closed system within each terrace, so that little water is wasted.
Tourism
In 2013, 917,031 tourists and 8,000 Baháʼí pilgrims visited the gardens.
Haifa's Mayor Amram Mitzna described the gardens as the eighth wonder of the world. "We have been very lucky," they said, "not many cities get a park that is so incredibly beautiful – free of charge."
Gallery
See also
Shrine of Baháʼu'lláh
Tourism in Israel
References
External links
Bahá'í pilgrimages
Bahá'í Faith in Israel
Tourist attractions in Haifa
Gardens in Israel
Persian gardens in Israel
Bahá'í gardens
Bahai
The Tennis Championships of Honolulu was a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hardcourts. The event, classified as a $60,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament, was held in Honolulu, Hawaii, 2018 and 2019.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
Official website
ITF search
ITF Women's World Tennis Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2018
The Wallacean whistler (Pachycephala arctitorquis) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is native to the eastern Lesser Sunda Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
P. a. kebirensis - Meyer, AB, 1884: Originally described as a separate species. Found on eastern Lesser Sunda Islands
P. a. arctitorquis - Sclater, 1883: Found on Tanimbar Islands
P. a. tianduana - Hartert, 1901: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Tayandu Islands (southwest of New Guinea)
References
Wallacean whistler
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Birds of Wallacea
Wallacean whistler
Wallacean whistler]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Agnese Duranti (born 18 December 2000) is an Italian group rhythmic gymnast.  They are a member of the national squad since 2015. They won a bronze medal, in Women's rhythmic group all-around, at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
 They are the 2018 World Group All-around silver medalist and two-time European (2018) Group All-around silver medalist.
Career
Junior
They first appeared in Italian National team in 2015, when they were a member of a junior group which competed at the 2015 European Junior Championships and placed 6th in Group All-around and 5th in 5 Balls Final.
Detailed Olympic results
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Italian rhythmic gymnasts
European Games competitors for Italy
Gymnasts at the 2019 European Games
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
Gymnasts at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Italy
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Systema is a Russian martial art.
Systema may also refer to:
Systema Engineering, a Japanese airsoft gun manufacturer
Systema (electronics), a UK brand of electronics including the TV Boy and Systema 2000
Systēma, a Greek word for system
See also
Systema Naturae, a 1735 taxonomy book by Carl Linnaeus
Sistema (disambiguation)
System (disambiguation)
Gerald Smith (born 18 November 1939) is an English former semi-professional footballer who played as a left winger.
Career
Born in Dalton, Smith spent their early career with Lockwood Civic YC and Huddersfield Town. They were signed by Bill Shankly for Huddersfield in May 1958.
They signed for Bradford City in July 1960, on part-time terms whilst they worked as a typewriter mechanic. They made a total of 11 appearances for the club, scoring 3 goals - 7 leagues, 3 FA Cup (scoring 2 goals), and 1 League Cup (scoring 1 goal). Their League Cup game in November 1960, in which Bradford City beat Manchester United, was also Bradford City's first ever match in the competition.
They moved to Scarborough in June 1961, and later played for Frickley Colliery and Denaby United.
As of February 2013 Smith was living in Newsome with their wife, and had three grandchildren.
Sources
References
1939 births
Living people
English footballers
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Scarborough F.C. players
Frickley Athletic F.C. players
Denaby United F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football wingers
Supply and Demand: Songs by Brecht / Weill & Eisler is the first solo album by German singer Dagmar Krause released by Hannibal Records in 1986. It is a collection of 16 songs by German composers Kurt Weill and Hanns Eisler, with lyrics by Bertolt Brecht and sung by Krause in English. They also sang the songs in the original German which were released by Hannibal at the same time on a companion album, Angebot & Nachfrage: Lieder von Brecht / Weill & Eisler.
Supply and Demand was reissued by Voiceprint Records in 1999 with track selections from both the English and German editions.
Track listings
Supply and Demand
"Supply & Demand (The Trader's Song)" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:57
"Epitaph 1919" (Brecht, Weill) – 1:59
"German Miserere" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:39
"O Falladah, Die du Hangest!" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:41
"Alabama Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:51
"Hollywood Elegies" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:55
"This City Has Made Me Realise"
"You Find Gold"
"I Saw Many Friends"
"Surabaya Johnny" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:59
"Moritat (Ballade von Mackie Messer)" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:39
"Matrosen-Tango" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:57
"Lily of Hell" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:25
"Song of the Moldau" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:40
"Pavel's Prison Song" (Brecht, Eisler) – 3:00
"Easter Sunday 1935" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:24
"At Potsdam 'Unter den Eichen'" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:22
"Der Song von Mandelay" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:12
"Benares Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:52
Angebot & Nachfrage
"Angebot & Nachfrage (Song von der Ware)" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:57
"Grabrede 1919" (Brecht, Weill) – 1:59
"Deutsche Miserere" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:39
"O Falladah, Die du Hangest!" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:41
"Alabama-Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:51
"Hollywood-Elegien" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:55
"Surabaya Johnny" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:59
"Moritat (Ballade von Mackie Messer)" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:39
"Matrosen-Tango" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:57
"Die Ballade von der Höllenlili" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:25
"Das Lied von der Moldau" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:40
"Im Gefängnis Zu Singen" (Brecht, Eisler) – 3:00
"Ostersonntag 1935" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:24
"Zu Potsdam Unter den Eichen" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:22
"Der Song Von Mandelay" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:12
"Benares Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:52
Supply and Demand (reissue)
"Song von der Ware (Supply & Demand)" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:57
"Grabrede 1919 (Epitaph 1919)" (Brecht, Weill) – 1:59
"Deutsche Miserere (German Miserere)" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:39
"O Faladah, Die du Hangest!" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:41
"Alabama Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:51
"Hollywood Elegies" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:56
"This City Has Made Me Realise"
"You Find Gold"
"I Saw Many Friends"
"Surabaya Johnny" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:59
"Moritat (Ballade Von Mackie Messer)" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:39
"Barbara Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 4:02
"Kannonensong (Cannon Song)" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:15
"Matrosen-Tango" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:57
"Die Ballade von der Höllenlili (Lily of Hell)" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:25
"Das Lied von der Moldau (Song of the Moldau)" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:40
"Im Gefängnis Zu Singen" (Brecht, Eisler) – 3:00
"Ostersonntag 1935 (Easter Sunday 1935)" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:24
"Zu Potsdam Unter den Eichen (At Potsdam 'Unter den Eichen')" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:22
"Der Song von Mandelay (Mandelay Song)" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:12
"Benares-Song" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:52
"Supply & Demand" (Brecht, Eisler) – 2:57
"Epitaph 1919" (Brecht, Weill) – 1:59
"German Miserere" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:39
"Surabaya Johnny" (Brecht, Weill) – 3:59
"The Song of the Moldau" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:40
"Pavel's Prison Song" (Brecht, Eisler) – 3:00
"Easter Sunday 1935" (Brecht, Eisler) – 1:24
"At Potsdam 'Unter den Eichen'" (Brecht, Weill) – 2:22
Personnel
Dagmar Krause – vocals
Jack Emblow – accordion
Richard Thompson – acoustic guitar, guitar, banjo
Danny Thompson – bass guitar
David Newby – cello
Joe Gallivan – percussion
Jason Osborn – piano
John Harle – alto and soprano saxophone, clarinet, bass clarinet
Andy Findon – alto, tenor and soprano saxophone, clarinet
Paul 'Wix' Wickens – synthesizer
Roger Williams – trombone, tuba
Howard Evans – trumpet
Adrian Levine – violin
References
External links
.
.
1986 debut albums
Albums produced by Joe Boyd
Hannibal Records albums
Todor Dimitrov Yanchev (; born 19 May 1976) is a former Bulgarian footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Career
Playing career
Born in Kazanlak, Yanchev's first club was local club F.C. Rozova Dolina, before they moved to the squads of PFC Neftochimic Burgas.
In the summer break of 2000 CSKA Sofia signed Yanchev. With CSKA they became a champion of Bulgaria for 2003 and 2005. After the end of 2004–05 season, Yanchev transferred to Greek side Kallithea. Year later, as a free agent they signed with Randers, spending one season in Danish Superliga.
In 2007, Todor returned to Bulgaria, to join CSKA Sofia for the second time. In 2008, they became a champion of Bulgaria for third time and won Bulgarian Supercup. In the summer of 2009 he, as well as Kiril Kotev and Yordan Todorov, stayed in the club although the club was facing a big financial crisis, showing very stable level of play proving why they have been the team captain. In 2012 Yanchev was suspended for 3 months after they failed a drug test for methylhexanamine doping.
The defensive midfielder, was one of eight players who was fired by CSKA Sofia on 27 July 2012 and they were appointed for assistant coach, but on 6 August 2012 they were brought back in the first team, because of problem with the registering of the new players. On 20 October 2012 they played for 22nd time in the Eternal derby, wherein CSKA won 1–0.
On 7 January 2013, after leading the team of CSKA to the first official winter training session, Toshko gave their resignation to the Bulgarian Football Union and is no longer a player for CSKA. They decided to leave CSKA Sofia as a show of support for manager Stoycho Mladenov who had been sacked.
On 21 January, it was announced that Yanchev will join Slavia Sofia on a free transfer.
In July of the same year they returned to CSKA Sofia for the third time, after the club changed its ownership.
Managing career
Yanchev was also assistant manager of CSKA Sofia when they played for the team in 2012–13 season and later in 2014–15 season. After they retired in the summer of 2015, they became manager of the newly founded team Tsarsko Selo in the A Regional Group. The team had only wins and one draw in the league, but in the end of December 2015 Tsarsko Selo's owner Stoyne Manolov bought V Group team FC Sofia and from 1 January 2016 Yanchev was appointed as manager in order to save the team from relegation and is looking to manage team in professional football. On 29 October 2016, following two successive defeats, Yanchev resigned.
Manager statistics
Honours
CSKA Sofia
Bulgarian A PFG (3)
2002–03, 2004–05, 2007–08
Bulgarian Cup (1)
2010–11
Bulgarian Supercup (2)
2008, 2011
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
People from Kazanlak
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Neftochimic Burgas players
PFC CSKA Sofia players
Trabzonspor footballers
Kallithea F.C. players
Randers FC players
PFC Slavia Sofia players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Süper Lig players
Super League Greece players
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Doping cases in association football
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Pfreimd is a town in the district of Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Naab, 19 km north of Schwandorf, and 20 km south of Weiden in der Oberpfalz. It is also close to the border with the Czech Republic.
Mayor
Arnold Kimmerl (ÖDP) (Ecological Democratic Party) won the election in 2008. In 2014, Richard Tischler (Free Voters) won the election, and again in 2020.
References
Schwandorf (district)
The Secretary of State for War, commonly called War Secretary, was a secretary of state in the Government of the United Kingdom, which existed from 1794 to 1801 and from 1854 to 1964. The Secretary of State for War headed the War Office and was assisted by a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for War, a Parliamentary Private Secretary who was also a Member of Parliament (MP), and a Military Secretary, who was a general.
In the nineteenth century the post was twice held by future prime minister Henry Campbell-Bannerman. At the outset of the First World War, prime minister H. H. Asquith was filling the role, but they quickly appointed Lord Kitchener, who became famous while in this position for Lord Kitchener Wants You. They were replaced by David Lloyd George, who went on to become prime minister. Between the World Wars, the post was held by future prime minister Winston Churchill for two years. In the 1960s, John Profumo was filling this post at the time of the Profumo affair.
History
The position of Secretary of State for War was first held by Henry Dundas who was appointed in 1794. In 1801 the post became that of Secretary of State for War and the Colonies. The position of Secretary of State for War was re-instated in 1854 when the Secretary of State for the Colonies was created as a separate position.
In 1946, the three posts of Secretary of State for War, First Lord of the Admiralty, and Secretary of State for Air became formally subordinated to that of Minister of Defence, which had itself been created in 1940 for the co-ordination of defence and security issues.
On 1 April 1964, with the creation of a new united Ministry of Defence headed by the Secretary of State for Defence, the three service ministries as well as the post of Minister of Defence as created in 1940 were abolished.
Secretaries of State for War, 1794–1801
For 1801–1854 see Secretary of State for War and the Colonies.
Secretaries of State for War, 1854–1964
See also
Secretary at War
References
External links
War
Defunct ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
History of the British Army
1794 establishments in Great Britain
1964 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
War Office
War Office in World War II
Yevgeni Borisovich Kuznetsov (; born 30 August 1961) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet First League in 1980 for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Kuznetsov played in the Soviet Union for Shinnik Yaroslavl and Spartak Moscow, for Swedish clubs Norrköping, Skellefteå, Öster, Mjällby and Karlskrona, in Russia for Lokomotiv Moscow, and for South Korean club Chunnam Dragons.
Honours
Olympic Champion: 1988 (team captain).
Soviet Top League champion: 1987, 1989.
Soviet Top League runner-up: 1983, 1984, 1985.
Soviet Top League bronze: 1982, 1986.
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1995.
Russian Cup winner: 1996 (played in the early stages of the 1995/96 tournament for FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
Allsvenskan runner-up: 1990, 1991, 1992.
Svenska Cupen winner: 1991.
European club competitions
UEFA Cup 1986–87 with FC Spartak Moscow : 5 games.
UEFA Cup 1987–88 with FC Spartak Moscow : 4 games.
European Cup 1988–89 with FC Spartak Moscow : 3 games.
UEFA Cup 1989–90 with FC Spartak Moscow : 4 games.
UEFA Cup 1995–96 with FC Lokomotiv Moscow : 1 game.
References
External links
FIFA Player Statistics
1961 births
Footballers from Yaroslavl
Living people
Association football midfielders
Russian footballers
Soviet expatriate footballers
Soviet footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Soviet football managers
Russian football managers
Russian expatriate football managers
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Spartak Moscow players
IFK Norrköping players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Jeonnam Dragons players
Östers IF players
Soviet Top League players
Allsvenskan players
Russian Premier League players
K League 1 players
Östers IF managers
FC Anzhi Makhachkala managers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Russian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Olympic medalists in football
Skellefteå FF players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Adèle Riché (1791–1878) was a French painter.
Riché was born, and lived their life in France. A pupil of Jan Frans van Dael and Gerard van Spaendonck., they are known for their still life paintings, including watercolors, as well as their portraits. Them techniques included botanical, entomological, and natural painting, oil, watercolor, and on vellum, and engraving, as well as hand-colouring.
Riché died in Fontainebleau, France in 1878.
Work
Riché worked primarily in watercolor and their subject of choice was often women, flowers, or fruit. Them portraits were often done in oil; the stylistic preference of the times. Whereas their fruit and still life pieces were done in watercolor.
They painted a portrait of Natalia Obrenovich, Queen of Serbia.
Gallery
References
Adèle Riché on artnet
1791 births
1878 deaths
Painters from Paris
French women painters
19th-century French painters
Flower artists
19th-century French women artists
Carlos Gabriel Hernandez is a Guatemalan professional racing cyclist.
Career highlights
2006
3rd National Road Race Championships
2007
3rd Overall Tour of Belize
1st Stage 8
3rd Apertura temporada Guatemala
3rd National Road Race Championships
2008
2nd Krem's New Year Cycling Classic
External links
Living people
Guatemalan male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Guatemalan people
This is the list of the best-selling music downloads in the UK each year.
Most-downloaded singles by year
Most-downloaded albums by year
See also
List of best-selling compilation albums by year in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Singles Download Chart at the Official Charts Company
The Official UK Download Chart at MTV UK
Music downloads by year (UK)
Teshome Toga Chanaka (; born 23 April 1968) is an Ethiopian politician and second Speaker of the House of Peoples' Representatives, the lower chamber of the Ethiopian Parliament, from 2005 to 2010. They were succeeded by Abadula Gemeda.
Background
Early life
Teshome was born in Dimtu, Ethiopia, and completed their primary education in Bilate Tena Primary school. They were born into a farmer family, and used to help their family after school: by herding cattle and plowing. Teshome completed their secondary school in Sodo. After completing their secondary education, they attended Addis Ababa University in 1987.
Political career
Teshome has worked in different levels of power from district to regional level in Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region, before becoming the Speaker of the House of Peoples' Representatives. Most of their governmental positions were being an ambassador of Ethiopia in different counties. Being stationed in Ghana (1992–93), Egypt (1993-1996), Kenya and Tanzania (1996-2001), Belgium (2013-2019), and currently in China (2019-)
References
Living people
Wolayita
20th-century Ethiopian politicians
Speakers of the House of Peoples' Representatives (Ethiopia)
People from Wolayita Zone
1968 births
21st-century Ethiopian politicians
Elections in South Carolina are held to fill various local, state and federal seats. Special elections may be held to fill vacancies at other points in time.
In a 2020 study, South Carolina was ranked as the 7th hardest state for citizens to vote in.
Recent elections
1996 elections
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 1996
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1996
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 1996
1998 elections
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1998
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 1998
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 1998
2000 elections
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2000
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2000
2002 elections
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2002
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2002
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 2002
2004 elections
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2004
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2004
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2004
2006 elections
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2006
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 2006
2006 state elections
2008 elections
2008 South Carolina elections
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2008
2008 Democratic primary
2008 Republican primary
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2008
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2008
2010 elections
2010 South Carolina elections
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2010
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2010
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 2010
2012 elections
2012 South Carolina elections
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2012
2012 Republican primary
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2012
2014 elections
2014 South Carolina elections
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2014
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2014
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 2014
2016 elections
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2016
2016 Democratic primary
2016 Republican primary
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2016
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2016
2017 elections
2017 South Carolina's 5th congressional district special election
2018 elections
2018 South Carolina elections
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 2018
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 2018
2020 elections
2020 South Carolina elections
2020 United States presidential election in South Carolina
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 2020
2020 United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina
See also
Political party strength in South Carolina
South Carolina gubernatorial elections
United States presidential elections in South Carolina
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Elections
Political events in South Carolina
Gustave Maria Blanche (30 April 1849 – 26 July 1916) was a French-Canadian Roman Catholic priest, Bishop, and Vicar Apostolic of Golfe St-Laurent (now Baie-Comeau).
Born in Josselin, Diocese de Vannes, France, the son of L. Blanche and Marie Hayard, Blanche was called to the Bar in France. In 1870, they were a volunteer in the Franco-Prussian War. In 1873, they joined the Eudists. They were ordained a priest in 1878. From 1878 to 1890, they were the director of the Ecole St. Jean in Versailles. From 1890 to 1899, they were director of the College Church Point, Nova Scotia. In 1905, they were appointed Titular Bishop of Sicca Veneria and Vicar Apostolic of Golfe St-Laurent.
References
1849 births
1916 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
French emigrants to Canada
People from Vannes
French Roman Catholic priests
Roman Catholic bishops of Baie-Comeau
Roman Catholic titular bishops
David Steele Bohigian is an American business person and government official who served as the acting president of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the former development finance institution of the United States government. Bohigian previously served as the corporation's executive vice president. They were confirmed by the Senate by voice vote in August 2017 under the Donald Trump administration. They also served as Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Market Access and Compliance under President George W. Bush. Bohigian is also an investor, venture capitalist, and has graduated from law school.
Education
Bohigian graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism from Washington and Lee University in 1992 and a Juris Doctor degree from Washington University School of Law in St. Louis in 1995.
Career
After graduating, Bohigian served as a director and equity partner at venture capital firm Jefferson Partners from October 1995 to June 1999.
In 1999, Bohigian co-founded and served as a managing director at VenCatalyst, a venture capital firm focused on technology companies. In 2000, VenCatalyst was acquired by Internet business incubator Idealab. Bohigian would go on to serve as a managing director at Idealab after the acquisition. As part of Idealab, Bohigian also served in executive roles for their portfolio companies.
After their stint working for the Bush administration's Commerce Department, Bohigian founded private equity firm E2 Capital Partners in 2009, which focused on energy efficiency projects.
In 2010, Bohigian joined Bridgewater Associates' core management team. They served as part of Bridgewater's staff until 2013, when they founded and became managing director of the financial advisory firm and impact investment fund Pluribus Ventures.
Bohigian is also a member of institutions such as the Council on Foreign Relations, the Eagle Scouts of America, and the Missouri Bar Association.
Government career
Bohigian began their career in government by working for Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich in 1995 as an intern and staff assistant.
In 2002, George W. Bush's administration offered Bohigian a position in the Commerce Department. They held several positions in the Department of Commerce, including Director of Policy and Strategic Planning from 2002 to 2005 and Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Market Access and Compliance from 2005 to 2009.
In September 2008, Bohigian led a clean energy and environment trade mission to China and India as a representative of the Bush administration. Bohigian also served as the Commerce Department's representative in the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS).
In late 2016, Bohigian was appointed to the Donald Trump administration's Commerce Department transition team. In February 2017, they served as a special adviser to the United States Department of the Treasury.
In June 2017, President Trump announced their intent to nominate Bohigian as Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC). In August 2017, they were confirmed by the Senate to their position in the OPIC. Bohigian eventually assumed the role of acting president and CEO of the OPIC in March 2019. During their time in the OPIC, Bohigian helped implement the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act (BUILD Act), pitched the Blue Dot Network infrastructure program, approved more than $6 billion in investment worldwide, and helped launch the 2X Africa initiative for women's empowerment alongside Advisor to the President Ivanka Trump. They also helped oversee the OPIC's conversion into the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation. In late 2019, Bohigian left their position as acting president.
In 2019, President Trump nominated Bohigian as a member of the President's Commission on White House Fellowships. They currently serve as a Commissioner of the White House Fellows Foundation.
References
21st-century American businesspeople
Date of birth missing (living people)
George W. Bush administration personnel
Living people
Overseas Private Investment Corporation officials
Place of birth missing (living people)
Trump administration personnel
United States Department of Commerce officials
United States Department of the Treasury officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dustin "Dusty" Rhodes (born in Oklahoma), is an American author.
In their childhood, Rhodes commonly read Western novels. After retirement, they began writing new stories based on those old books from memory. Their first book Man Hunter was named The Best Western E-book of 2002.
Biography
Dusty Rhodes was born in a former Indian Reservation in Eastern Oklahoma, within horseback distance of Fort Smith, Arkansas. Some of the trails they rode were shared by the James-Younger Gang, Dalton Gang and Belle Starr, which eventually influenced their writing.
Rhodes wrote hundreds of poems, songs, and short stories during their career, composing their first novel in 1999.
Works
Man Hunter
Shiloh
Jedidiah Boone
Shooter
Death Rides a Pale Horse
Vengeance Is Mine
Longhorn Book I
Longhorn Book II
Longhorn Book III
Longhorn Book IV
Shawgo-Texas Ranger
Chero
The Town Tamer
References
Man Hunter by Dusty Rhodes - EPPIE 2002 Winner
External links
Dusty Rhodes Books
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male writers
Single Asian Female is an American webcomic depicting Asian supremacist view points. Ethan Lee, an Asian American, created the storyline, and Lanny Liu, a Chinese American freelance illustrator, created the artwork. Some comics of Single Asian Female were printed in Hardboiled, an Asian-American newsmagazine of the University of California, Berkeley.
History
By November 10, 2006, the comic had 25 strips.
Characters
The comic stars Jennie Low, a 21-year-old university junior attending the University of California, Berkeley. Jennie is fourth generation Chinese American; their great grandparents on their father's side arrived to the United States at Angel Island and settled in Chinatown, San Francisco. Jennie grew up in Richmond District, San Francisco. At UC Berkeley they major in Asian American studies. Lee said that their name derives from "Jennie Low's Chinese Cuisine," a restaurant in Mill Valley, California which Lee had patronized.
Other characters include:
Low family:
Jennie's mother, a first generation immigrant from Guangdong, China
Jennie's father
Kyle: Kyle, Jackie's brother, attends Stanford University and majors in engineering
Tina: Tina is Jackie's older sister.
Friends:
Marie: Marie is a classmate and friend of Jennie.
Jackie: A single mother who has a daughter, Jackie is older than Jennie and is one of their friends.
Malcolm: Malcolm is one of Jackie's classmates. They major in political science and African American Studies. Lee says "He's radical, and has been called an extremist. To that they reply, "Well, black people are in an extremely bad situation, so yes, you can call me an extremist.""
Rob: Jackie dates Rob, a White American, for three weeks
Development
Ethan Lee, a resident of the San Francisco Bay Area, formed the concept in 2003, while receiving a bachelor's degree in Asian American studies at the University of California, Berkeley. Lee, an Asian American man, said that they wanted to create Single Asian Female in order to balance negative stereotypes involving Asian American women. Lee explained that they wanted to distill the material they learned in Asian American studies classes into "a form that's easy to read and understand." By the time of the publication of the comic, Lee became a graduate student at San Francisco State University. Lanny Liu, the illustrator, graduated from the Academy of Art University with a degree in traditional illustration.
Lee originally planned to make the protagonist an Asian American male, but Lee believed that the concept was, in the words of Angela Pang of AsianWeek, "difficult and limiting." Lee gave the comic a female protagonist so it could more effectively discuss issues pertinent to Asian American women. As an example they cited a plotline about "white guys with Asian fetishes" asking Asian American women to date them. Jeff Yang of the San Francisco Chronicle said "Also, as some on the Web have suggested, people are a lot more likely to read a strip with an Asian American female protagonist -- just like they're more willing to watch news with an Asian American anchor, or more likely to accept an Asian woman as a romantic lead." Lee argued that Asian American viewpoints are not represented in American newspaper comics, and that they wanted to represent Asian American viewpoints through their webcomic. According to Lee, ideas forming the plotlines originate from their family, friends, the internet, and news sources.
See also
Angry Little Girls
Secret Asian Man
References
External links
Website of Lanny Liu
American webcomics
Chinese-American literature
Asian-American art
University of California, Berkeley
Art in the San Francisco Bay Area
2006 comics debuts
Female characters in comics
Comics about women
Slice of life comics
Remembering the Moment is a live album by David Friesen, Eddie Moore, Jim Pepper, Julian Priester and Mal Waldron recorded in Portland, Oregon in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "An all-star quintet really gets an opportunity to stretch out on this date... Although there are not many explosive moments and few surprises, the playing is at a consistently high level, particularly when one considers that Pepper and Priester had never before played with some of the members of the rhythm section."
Track listing
"Autumn Leaves" (Joseph Kosma, Johnny Mercer, Jacques Prévert) – 22:05
"A Night in Tunisia" (Dizzy Gillespie) – 23:21
"All Blues" (Miles Davis) – 21:34
Personnel
David Friesen – double bass
Eddie Moore – drums
Jim Pepper – tenor saxophone
Julian Priester – trombone
Mal Waldron – piano
References
1987 live albums
Mal Waldron albums
Black Saint/Soul Note albums
David Friesen albums
The Société des Artistes Français (, meaning "Society of French Artists") is the association of French painters and sculptors established in 1881. Its annual exhibition is called the "Salon des artistes français" (not to be confused with the better-known Salon, established in 1667).
When the Société was established, it associated all the French artists. Its president was a painter and its vice-president a sculptor. The main task of the Société is to organize the Salon, since the French government ceased to do it.
Secession
In December 1890 president Bouguereau suggested that the Salon should be an exhibition of young, yet unrecognized, artists. Ernest Meissonier, Puvis de Chavannes, Auguste Rodin and others rejected this proposal and left the organization. They quickly created their own exhibition (Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts in 1899) that was also named the Salon, officially Salon de la Société Nationale des Beaux–Arts, in short Salon du Champs de Mars. The original Salon was sometimes called Salon de Champs-Élysées, or simply Salon des artistes français).
Presidents of the association since 1881
1881: Antoine-Nicolas Bailly, architect
1891: Leon Bonnat, painter
1896: Édouard Detaille, painter
1900: Jean-Paul Laurens, painter
1901: William Bouguereau, painter
1904: Tony Robert-Fleury, painter
1907: Henri-Paul Nénot, architect
1910: Victor Laloux, architect
1913: Antonin Mercie, sculptor
1917: Francois Flameng, painter
1920: Victor Laloux, architect
1922: Jules Coutan, sculptor
1924: Henri-Paul Nénot, architect
1926: Paul Chabas, painter
1936: Alphonse Defrasse, architect
1939: , architect
1941: Henri Bouchard, sculptor
1945: , architect
1947: Jules Formigé, architect
1955: , architect
1959: , painter
1965: Georges Cheyssial, painter
1977: Georges Muguet, sculptor
1979: , painter
1981: , painter
1991: , painter
1994: Jean Campistron, painter
1997: Françoise Zig-Tribouilloy, engraver
2000: Christian Billet, painter
2010: Viviane Guybet, sculptor
2013: Martine Delaleuf, architect
Present day
The Société des Artistes Français still exists and organizes each year the "Salon des Artistes Français". Its current President is Ms. Martine Delaleuf.
See also
Salon
Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts
External links
Société des Artistes Français (official website)
French artist groups and collectives
19th-century art groups
Société des Artistes Français
Modern art
1881 establishments in France
David Liggins is a philosopher at the University of Manchester with research interests in metaphysics and philosophy of mathematics.
Education and career
Liggins received their PhD in 2005 from the University of Sheffield. They then spent a year at University of Cambridge's faculty of philosophy before becoming a lecturer at the University of Manchester in 2006. In 2016, they were appointed joint editor of Analysis with Chris Daly. They served as the sole editor of the journal from 2017–2021 when it was announced that they would be joint editor alongside Stacie Friend and Lee Walters.
References
Further reading
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century British philosophers
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
Academics of the University of Cambridge
People associated with the University of Manchester
Sophie Brundish in athletics is an English artistic gymnast who has competed in British Championship competitions as well as succeeding at junior and senior levels.  They are also three times Bexley Youth Games Champion.
Career
They have also won 30 medals and trophies from various competitions, including competitions abroad (Russia, United States, Malta, Belgium and Switzerland). Sophie Brundish is a member of the Europa Gymnastics Club.
In 2017, at age 23 Brundish beat their personal best at the FINA High Diving World Cup 2017 with 115.75 points.
Sophie is best known for their participation in a television advert for the Panasonic Smart Viera TV model.
See also
References
External links
Panasonic SMART VIERA TV - UK TV advert
Living people
British female artistic gymnasts
Year of birth missing (living people)
In differential geometry, a smooth surface in three dimensions has a parabolic point when the Gaussian curvature is zero. Typically such points lie on a curve called the parabolic line
which separates the surface into regions of positive and negative Gaussian curvature.
Points on the parabolic line give rise to folds on the Gauss map: where a ridge crosses a parabolic line there is a cusp of the Gauss map.
References
Differential geometry of surfaces
Surfaces
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Illinois, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1818, Illinois has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Election of 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all electoral votes (including the three electoral votes from Illinois) except one vote in New Hampshire. The popular vote was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Illinois
Notes
References
William George Rathie (April 1, 1914 – November 26, 1994) was a Canadian accountant and politician. They were the 30th mayor of the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, serving from 1963 through 1966.
Rathie was born in Vancouver and worked as a tax accountant. They were first elected to Vancouver City Council in 1959 as a member of the Non-Partisan Association, a civic political party. In 1962, Rathie wrested the NPA nomination from incumbent mayor Thomas Alsbury, and was elected to succeed them in that office.
Vancouver in the mid-sixties was enjoying spectacular growth in its economy and population, and was well on its way to becoming a major international city. During their tenure, a 20-year programme for Vancouver's redevelopment, encompassing transportation, low-cost housing, and downtown revitalization was outlined. Its scope and orientation would lead to controversy and protest following Rathie's term of office.
1914 births
1994 deaths
Canadian accountants
Mayors of Vancouver
20th-century Canadian politicians
I Promise may refer to:
"I Promise" (Stacie Orrico song), a 2004 song by Stacie Orrico
"I Promise" (Radiohead song), a 2017 song by Radiohead
"I Promise", a song by Royce da 5'9" from their 2004 album Death Is Certain
I Promise (album), a 2006 album by Jin
I Promise (film), a 1994 Austrian drama film
I Promise School, an elementary school in Akron, Ohio
I Promise, a 2020 television series on Quibi
See also
A Promise (disambiguation)
Promise (disambiguation)
The Promise (disambiguation)
1899 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Harvard Crimson
Professional championships
Western Pennsylvania champions – Duquesne Country and Athletic Club
Events
The 1899 Sewanee Tigers football team goes undefeated, 12–0, including five road wins in six days over top teams.
Association football
England
The Football League – Aston Villa 45 points, Liverpool 43, Burnley 39, Everton 38, Notts County 37, Blackburn Rovers 36
FA Cup final – Sheffield United 4–1 Derby County at Crystal Palace, London.
France
Foundation of Olympique de Marseille
Lyon Olympique Universitaire, as predecessor for Olympique Lyonnais, officially founded.
Germany
Foundation of TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, Eintracht Frankfurt and SV Werder Bremen
Hungary
Ferencváros TC was founded in suburb of Budapest on May 3.
Italy
Foundation of A.C. Milan as the Milan Associazione Calcio (Milan Association Football).
Scotland
Scottish Football League – Rangers
Scottish Cup – Celtic 2–0 Rangers
Spain
29 November — FC Barcelona founded by a Swiss, Hans Gamper, who wants to establish football in the city.
Uruguay
Club Nacional of Montevideo was founded in Montevideo.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Lawrence Brignolia won the third running of the Boston Marathon
Australian rules football
VFL Premiership
Fitzroy wins the 3rd VFL Premiership: Fitzroy 3.9 (27) d South Melbourne 3.8 (26) at Junction Oval
Baseball
National championship
National League championship – Brooklyn Superbas. Brooklyn's team features many former Baltimore Orioles players including Ned Hanlon, Willie Keeler, Hughie Jennings and Joe Kelley.
Events
Cleveland Spiders finish last in the twelve-team NL and establish an all-time major league record with 134 losses in a season, 84 games behind the pennant winner and 35 games out of 11th place. The team plays 113 games on the road, losing a record 102. They are dropped during the off-season when the National League contracts from twelve to eight teams.
Basketball
Events
Kansas played their first men's basketball game against the Kansas City YMCA, losing 5–16. The Jayhawks were coached by the inventor of basketball James Naismith. Kansas quickly became one of the most prestigious college basketball programs in the nation.
Boxing
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – Bob Fitzsimmons → James J. Jeffries
World Middleweight Championship – Tommy Ryan
World Welterweight Championship – "Mysterious" Billy Smith
World Lightweight Championship – George "Kid" Lavigne → Frank Erne
World Featherweight Championship – George Dixon
World Bantamweight Championship – Jimmy Barry → Barry retires undefeated → "Terrible" Terry McGovern → title vacant after McGovern moves up a weight
Cricket
Events
Four of the five Test matches in the 1899 Ashes series are drawn. Australia wins the Second Test at Lord's to take the series 1–0, their first series win in England since the original Ashes match in 1882.
W G Grace makes their final appearance for England in Test cricket in the First Test at Trent Bridge. In the same match, Wilfred Rhodes makes their Test debut.
Worcestershire becomes the fifteenth team in the County Championship, debuting with an 11-run loss to Yorkshire despite earning a 78-run lead on first innings. They eventually finished twelfth with two wins in 12 games.
W G Grace plays their last first-class game for Gloucestershire, having fallen out with them over their involvement with London County.
K S Ranjitsinhji becomes the first batsman to score 3000 runs in a season.
England
County Championship – Surrey
Minor Counties Championship – Buckinghamshire and Northamptonshire share the title
Most runs – K S Ranjitsinhji 3159 @ 63.18 (HS 197)
Most wickets – Albert Trott 239 @ 17.09 (BB 8–64)
Wisden Five Cricketers of the Season – Joe Darling, Clem Hill, Arthur Jones, Monty Noble, Robert Poore
Australia
Sheffield Shield – Victoria
Most runs – Victor Trumper 873 @ 62.35 (HS 292*)
Most wickets – Ernie Jones 45 @ 27.53 (BB 6–154)
India
Bombay Presidency – Europeans
South Africa
Currie Cup – not contested
West Indies
Inter-Colonial Tournament – not contested
Cycling
Road racing
Bordeaux–Paris road race won by Constant Huret
Figure skating
World Figure Skating Championships
World Men's Champion – Gustav Hügel (Austria)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Harry Vardon
U.S. Open – Willie Smith
Other tournaments
British Amateur – John Ball
US Amateur – H. M. Harriman
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Manifesto
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Sibola
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Flying Fox
The Derby – Flying Fox
The Oaks – Musa
St. Leger Stakes – Flying Fox
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Merriwee
Canada
Queen's Plate – Butter Scotch
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Princess Hilda
Irish Derby Stakes – Oppressor
USA
Kentucky Derby – Manuel
Preakness Stakes – Half Time
Belmont Stakes – Hindus
Ice hockey
Stanley Cup
15–18 February — Montreal Victorias wins its fifth Stanley Cup, defeating Winnipeg Victorias in a Cup challenge
4 March — Montreal Shamrocks wins the inaugural Canadian Amateur Hockey League (CAHL) championship and takes the Stanley Cup
14 March — Montreal Shamrocks successfully defends the title in a Cup challenge by Queen's College of Kingston, Ontario, winning 6–2.
Motor racing
Tour de France Trail
The Tour de France Trail is held 16–24 July over a distance of 2172.5 km. The winner is René De Knyff driving a Panhard-Levassor in a time of 44:43:39. The race is sometimes referred to in retrospect as the IV Grand Prix de l'A.C.F.
In July, James Gordon Bennett Jr. establishes the Gordon Bennett Cup challenge series. It is run 1900–1905.
Rowing
The Boat Race
25 March — Cambridge wins the 56th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby league
England
Championship – not contested
Challenge Cup final – Oldham 19–9 Hunslet at Fallowfield Stadium, Manchester
Lancashire League Championship – Broughton Rangers
Yorkshire League Championship – Batley
Rugby union
Home Nations Championship
17th Home Nations Championship series is won by Ireland
Speed skating
Speed Skating World Championships
Men's All-round Champion – Peder Østlund (Norway)
Tennis
Events
18 September — Cincinnati Open starts. Today, it is the oldest tennis tournament in the United States still played in its original city, and is now known as the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters & Women's Open. The first singles champions are Nat Emerson and Myrtle McAteer.
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Reginald Doherty (GB) defeats Arthur Gore (GB) 1–6 4–6 6–3 6–3 6–3
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Blanche Bingley Hillyard (GB) defeats Charlotte Cooper Sterry (GB) 6–2 6–3
France
French Men's Singles Championship – Paul Aymé defeats Paul Lebreton: details unknown
French Women's Singles Championship – Françoise Masson wins: details unknown
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Malcolm Whitman defeats J. Parmly Paret 6–1 6–2 3–6 7–5
American Women's Singles Championship – Marion Jones defeats Maud Banks 6–1 6–1 7–5
Yacht racing
America's Cup
The New York Yacht Club retains the America's Cup as Columbia defeats British challenger Shamrock, of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club, 3 races to 0
References
Sports by year
Tordher (Urdu: تورڈھیر, old name Pul/Depo) is a village in Tehsil Takht Bhai, Mardan District of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province Pakistan, located 7 km west of Takht Bhai. Its population is nearly 35,000 and consists mainly of Mohmand tribes (Daweze, Malagori, Mandakhel, Safi, Khanjaryan and other small tribes).
References
Mardan Union councils
Populated places in Mardan District
Hazwan bin Hamzah (born 9 September 1991) is a Bruneian international footballer who plays as a defender for DPMM FC of the Singapore Premier League. They previously played for Rimba Star FC and Indera SC, and was part of the Brunei Under-21 team that won the 2012 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy.
Club career
Hazwan was a former student at Brunei's Sports School. They first started playing league football with Rimba Star FC in the 2011 Brunei Premier League II and was even made captain of the club based in Kampong Rimba.
After their involvement with the national team winded down in 2014, Hazwan linked up with local powerhouse Indera SC of the Brunei Super League and won the championship in their first season. They stayed at Indera until 2017, joining Brunei's sole professional club DPMM FC after a short trial.
Hazwan made their DPMM debut in the 4–0 loss against Albirex Niigata Singapore FC on 16 June 2017 as a second-half substitute. In the game against Home United on 8 September, they were shown a second yellow card but was not immediately sent off until after two minutes elapsed when the referee was duly reminded to do so. After 13 league appearances in total, Hazwan was released after the season concluded.
Hazwan rejoined Indera SC in time for the FA Cup semi-final against Kasuka FC in March 2018. They finally won an FA Cup medal by beating MS PDB in the final by 2 goals to nil. They left the club to join DPMM for a second time in February 2019.
International career
Hazwan played for Brunei under-21s at the 2012 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy, starting in their first-ever final appearance against Indonesia and emerging as 2-0 victors. A year later, they played with roughly the same team at the 2013 SEA Games held in Myanmar where Brunei under-23 failed to gain a single point in four matches.
Hazwan made their full international debut at the 2018 World Cup qualifying First Round for AFC against Chinese Taipei at Kaohsiung, as a second-half substitute for Shahrazen Said. Brunei took home a 1-0 result courtesy of an Adi Said goal in the 36th minute. Hazwan started the second leg in place of Azwan Ali Rahman at home ground Hassanal Bolkiah National Stadium to protect the advantage but a 0-2 reverse meant that Brunei was knocked out of the 2018 World Cup.
Hazwan made two further appearances for the national team in friendlies against Singapore and Cambodia later that year. They were earmarked for the 2016 AFC Solidarity Cup held in neighbouring Malaysia but did not make the final squad.
Hazwan was part of the Brunei squad to face Timor-Leste for the 2018 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification. They started the first leg held in Kuala Lumpur on 1 September in a 3–1 loss. Seven days later in Bandar Seri Begawan, they were a late substitute for Helmi Zambin in the second leg, the match finished 1–0 to the Wasps. Brunei ultimately failed to qualify for the Suzuki Cup, losing 2–3 on aggregate.
Hazwan was selected and started the friendly match away against Laos on 27 March 2022 which resulted in a 3–2 loss for the Wasps.
Honours
Club
Indera SC
Brunei Super League: 2014
Piala Sumbangsih (2): 2015, 2018
Brunei FA Cup: 2017–18
DPMM FC
Singapore Premier League: 2019
Individual
Meritorius Service Medal (PJK) (2012)
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Bruneian footballers
Brunei international footballers
DPMM FC players
Indera SC players
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games competitors for Brunei
The Italian Catholic diocese of Venosa, in southern Italy, existed until 1986. In that year it was united into the Diocese of Melfi-Rapolla-Venosa. From 1976 to 1986, Venosa had been a suffragan of the archdiocese of Potenza e Marsico Nuovo.
History
The earliest events of the Christian history of Venosa are contained in the mythological martyrdoms of the Twelve Brothers (286) and, in 303, of Felix, bishop of Thibiuca in Africa proconsularis, near Carthage. Francesco Lanzoni has shown that there are five different versions of the martyrology, sometimes with different companions, and different destinations to the place of execution. The first recension is assigned to the sixth century. The second recension of the martyrology mentions Venosa, but to do so two emendations of two different nonsensical place names are required. The third recension has the bishop executed at Nola, though their body ends up in Milan, or Nola (through an emendation of the text). Lanzoni agrees with most scholars in placing Bishop Felix's death in Africa near Carthage, under the proconsul Annulinus.
Stephanus (498) is the first Bishop of Venosa whose date is known accurately.
The names of other bishops up to the Norman conquest in the 11th century have not been preserved.
The Benedictine abbey of Santissima Trinità di Venosa was founded in 1043, under the patronage of the Norman Duke Drogo. The abbey became the mausoleum of the family of Duke Robert Guiscard.
It is alleged that a bishop of Venosa in the first half of the 13th century was assassinated by a cleric. Bishop Bono (1223) is usually named as the victim. The only source for the incident is the Holy Roman Emperor, Frederick II, whose remark is preserved in a document in which they respond to a number of questions put to them by four bishops, sent as nuncios by Pope Gregory IX. The bishops complained that clerics were being thrown into imperial prisons and executed. Frederick, in a reproach to the laxity of church authorities, replied: "[The Emperor] is also aware of killings, because the Church of Venosa weeps over the death of their bishop, killed by a monk, because of the lack of punishment of clerics and monks.
A diocesan synod was held in Venosa by Bishop Giovanni Gerolamo Maneri (1585–1591) on 17 September 1589. Andrea Pierbenedetti (1611-1634) held a diocesan synod in Venosa on 2 April 1614. Bishop Pietro Antonio Corsignano held a diocesan synod in Venosa on 4–6 April 1728.
Bishop Lamberto Arbaud (1509) embellished the cathedral, which was demolished a little later to permit the erection of fortifications.
The Napoleonic disruption and restoration
From 1801 to 1818 the see of Venosa remained vacant. From 1806–1808, Naples was occupied by the French, and Joseph Bonaparte was made king, after Napoleon had deposed King Ferdinand IV. Joseph Bonaparte was succeeded by Joachim Murat from 1808 until the fall of Napoleon in 1815. Pope Pius VII was a prisoner of Napoleon in France from 1809 to 1815, and was both unable and unwilling to make new episcopal appointments. The French expelled all monks, nuns, and Jesuits from the kingdom, and closed the monasteries and convents; colleges of canons were also closed.
Following the extinction of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy, the Congress of Vienna authorized the restoration of the Papal States and the Kingdom of Naples. Since the French occupation had seen the abolition of many Church institutions in the Kingdom, as well as the confiscation of most Church property and resources, it was imperative that Pope Pius VII and King Ferdinand IV reach agreement on restoration and restitution. Ferdinand, however, was not prepared to accept the pre-Napoleonic situation, in which Naples was a feudal subject of the papacy. Neither was they prepared to accept the large number of small dioceses in their kingdom; following French intentions, they demanded the suppression of fifty dioceses. Lengthy, detailed, and acrimonious negotiations ensued. On 17 July 1816, King Ferdinand issued a decree, in which they forbade the reception of any papal document, including papal bulls, without prior reception of the royal exequatur. This meant that prelates could not receive bulls of appointment, consecration, or installation without the king's permission.
A concordat was finally signed on 16 February 1818, and ratified by Pius VII on 25 February 1818. Ferdinand issued the concordat as a law on 21 March 1818. The re-erection of the dioceses of the kingdom and the ecclesiastical provinces took more than three years. The right of the king to nominate the candidate for a vacant bishopric was recognized, as in the Concordat of 1741, subject to papal confirmation (preconisation). On 27 June 1818, Pius VII issued the bull De Ulteriore, in which the metropolitanate of Acerenza was restored, with Anglona e Tursi, Potenza, Tricarico, and Venosa as suffragans; the diocese of Lavello was permanently suppressed and united to the Church of Venosa.
In 1818, the diocese of Lavello, suffragan to the archdiocese of Bari, was suppressed and its territory united to the diocese of Venosa. The city of Lavello was founded in 1042, when the Norman count Arniclino fixed their seat at Lavello.
Modern Developments
Following the Second Vatican Council, and in accordance with the norms laid out in the council's decree, Christus Dominus chapter 40, Pope Paul VI ordered a reorganization of the ecclesiastical provinces in southern Italy. The decree "Eo quod spirituales" of 12 September 1976 created a new episcopal conference in the region called "Basilicata", to which were assigned all of the dioceses that belonged to the ecclesiastical province of Potenza; they had formerly belonged to the episcopal conference of "Apulia".
On 30 September 1986, Pope John Paul II ordered the unification of the dioceses of Melfi, Rapolla, and Venosa, into a single bishopric, to be named "Dioecesis Melphiensis-Rapollensis-Venusina", with its headquarters in Melfi. The cathedral of Melfi was designated the diocesan cathedral, and the cathedral of Venosa became a co-cathedral, and its Chapter became the Chapter of a co-cathedral. The diocese of Venosa was suppressed, and its territory united to the territory of Melfi-Rapolla-Venosa. The diocese of Rapolla had been suppressed in 1528, and its territory united to the diocese of Melphi.
The diocese of Melfi is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo.
Bishops of Venosa
to 1200
...
[Philippus] (238)
[Joannes] (443)
[Asterus] (493)
Stephanus (attested c. 492/493–502)
...
[Petrus (1014)]
...
[Andreas (1045)]
[Iaquintus (1053)]
Morandus (attested 1059)
Rogerius (attested 1069)
Constantinus (attested 1071–1074)
...
Berengarius (1093– ? )
...
[Robertus (1105)]
Fulco (attested 1113)
...
Petrus (attested 1177–1183)
...
1200 to 1500
...
Bonus (attested 1223)
...
Jacobus (attested 1256)
...
Philippus de Pistorio, O.P. (1271–1281/1282)
...
Guido (attested 1299–1302)
...
Petrus (1331–1334)
...
Raimundus Agonti de Clareto, O.Carm. (1334–1360?)
Petrus (1360–1363?)
Goffredus (1363)
Thomasius (1363– ? )
Stephanus ( ? ) Avignon Obedience
Salvator Gerardi de Altomonte (1387) Avignon Obedience
Nicholas Franciscus Grassi (1387– )
Laurentius de Aegidio (attested 1383)
Franciscus de Veneraneriis (1386-1395) Roman Obedience
Jannotus (Joannes) (1395–1400) Roman Obedience
Andreas Fusco (1400–1419) Roman Obedience
Dominicus de Monte Leone, O.P. (1419–1431)
Robertus Procopii (1431–1459)
Nicolas Solimele (17 Oct 1459–1492)
Sigismundus Pappacoda (1492–1499)
Antonio de Fabris (Fabrigas) (1499-1501)
1500 to 1600
Berardo Bongiovanni (Bernardo, Bernardino) (1501–1509)
Lamberto Arbaud (1510 - ? )
Tommaso da San Cipriano, O.P. (1519 - )
Guido de' Medici (1527-1528)
Fernando Seroni da Gerona, O.S.A. (23 Mar 1528 - 1542 Resigned)
Alvaro della Quadra (12 May 1542 - 1551 Resigned)
Simone Gattola (13 Mar 1552 - Apr 1566 Died)
Francesco Rusticucci (21 Aug 1566 - 31 Jan 1567 Appointed, Bishop of Fano)
Paolo Oberti, O.P. (17 Feb 1567 - 13 Sep 1567 Died)
Giovanni Antonio Locatelli (12 Dec 1567 - 7 Sep 1571 Died)
Baldassarre Giustiniani (6 Feb 1572 - 1584)
Giovanni Tommaso Sanfelice (1584 - 6 Mar 1585 Died)
Giovanni Gerolamo Mareri (1585–1587)
Pietro Ridolfi da Tosssignano, O.Min.Conv. (4 May 1587 -1591)
Vincenzo Calcio, O.P. (18 Feb 1591 - 3 May 1598 Died)
1600 to 1800
Sigismondo Donati (17 Aug 1598 -1605
Mario Moro (3 Aug 1605 - 1610)
Andrea Pierbenedetti (14 Mar 1611 - 1634)
Bartolomeo Frigerio (1635-1636)
Sede vacante (1635–1638)
Gaspare Conturla (15 Jan 1638 - Apr 1640)
Sallustio Pecolo (Pecoli) (3 Dec 1640 - 13 Mar 1648 Resigned)
Antonio Pavonelli, O.F.M. Conv. (1648-1653)
Giacinto Tarugi, O.P. (1654-1674)
Giovanni Battista Desio (7 May 1674 - Aug 1677)
Francesco Maria Neri (1678-1684)
Giovanni Francesco de Lorenzi (14 May 1685 - Oct 1698)
Placido Scoppa, C.R. (1699 - Dec 1710)
Sede vacante (1710–1718)
Giovanni Michele Teroni, B. (1718-1726)
Felipe Itúrbide (Yturibe), O. Carm. (31 Jul 1726 - 13 Mar 1727 Resigned)
Pietro Antonio Corsignani (17 Mar 1727 -1738)
Francesco Antonio Salomone (Salamone) (1738-1743)
Giuseppe Giusti (20 May 1743 - 1764 Died)
Gaspare Barletta (17 Dec 1764 - 1778 Died)
Pietro Silvio di Gennaro (12 Jul 1779 - 1786 Died)
Salvatore Gonnelli (18 Jun 1792 Confirmed - 23 Sep 1801 Died)
since 1800
Sede vacante (1801–1818)
Nicola Caldora (1818-1825 Resigned)
Luigi Maria Parisio (Canisio) (9 Apr 1827 Confirmed - 1827)
Federico Guarini, O.S.B. (23 Jun 1828 Confirmed - Sep 1837)
Michele de Gattis (2 Oct 1837 Confirmed - 23 Apr 1847)
Antonio Michele Vaglio (22 Dec 1848 Confirmed - 28 Jul 1865)
Sede vacante (1865–1871)
Nicola de Martino (1871–1878 Resigned)
Girolamo Volpe (15 Jul 1878 Succeeded - 1880)
Francesco Maria Imparati, O.F.M. (27 Feb 1880 - 23 Jun 1890 Appointed, Archbishop of Acerenza e Matera)
Lorenzo Antonelli (1891-1905)
Felice del Sordo (12 Aug 1907 -1911)
Giovanni Battista Niola (Oct 1912 - Nov 1912 Resigned)
Angelo Petrelli (20 May 1913 - 11 Sep 1923 Died)
Alberto Costa (30 Apr 1924 - 7 Dec 1928 Appointed, Bishop of Lecce)
Luigi dell'Aversana (Orabona) (14 Jan 1931 - 6 Nov 1934 Died)
Domenico Petroni (1935–1966 Retired)
Giuseppe Vairo (5 Mar 1973 - 25 Oct 1976 Appointed, Bishop of Tricarico)
Armando Franco (25 Oct 1976 - 12 Sep 1981 Appointed, Bishop of Oria)
30 September 1986: Diocese of Venosa suppressed, and its territory united with the Diocese of Melfi e Rapolla to form the Diocese of Melfi-Rapolla-Venosa
See also
Vescovi di Venosa
Notes
Books
Studies
Di Ciesco, T. (1894). Catalogo dei Vescovi della venosina diocesi con brevi notizie intorno a Venosa e le sue chiese , Siena: Tip. Edit. S. Bernardino 1894.
Kamp, Norbert (1975). Kirche und Monarchie im staufischen Königreich Sizilien. I. Prosopographische Grundlegung: 2. Apulien und Kalabrien. München: Wilhelm Fink Verlag.
Kehr, Paul Fridolin (1962). Italia pontificia. Vol. IX: Samnium — Apulia — Lucania. Berlin: Weidmann.
Lanzoni, Francesco (1927). Le diocesi d'Italia dalle origini al principio del secolo VII (an. 604). Faenza: F. Lega, pp. 285-288; 291-299.
Torelli, Felice (1848). La chiave del Concordato dell'anno 1818 e degli atti emanati posteriormente al medesimo. Volume 1, second edition Naples: Stamperia del Fibreno, 1848.
Venosa
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2167, concerning the critical role of regional cooperation in International Peacekeeping and Security was adopted unanimously on 28 July 2014. The resolution originated through a debate initiated by the Permanent Representative of Rwanda by sending a letter dated 3 July addressed to the Secretary-General. The 15 member body emphasised that concrete steps should be taken by United Nations and regional organisations (especially the African Union) to strengthen their relationships and develop more effective partnership. The resolution reaffirms support for African Union and European Union collaboration with peacekeeping operations.
Observations
Acting under Chapter VIII of the UN Charter, the Security Council (SC) reaffirmed its previous resolutions 1809(2008), 2033(2012) and 2086 (2013). It reiterated the need for cooperation between UN and regional organizations due to various reasons, such as-
Pertinent role of such organizations in post-conflict peace-building in a region;
Ability of regional organizations to understand the root causes of armed conflicts owing to their knowledge of the region, which can be a benefit for their efforts to influence the prevention or resolution of such conflicts.
Acts
The Security Council stressed upon the utility of developing effective partnerships with regional/sub-regional organizations. This partnership is important as local entities can respond to disputes and emerging crises much quicker than the UN, thereby preventing or at least mitigating the potentially negative consequences.
The SC also asked regional organizations to accelerate the work on establishment of 'Standby Arrangements System' for conflict prevention and peace keeping. The Council also called upon the Secretary-General to coordinate with and support the African Union Commission in its development of a list of needed capacities and recommendations on ways the African Union can further develop its military, police, technical, logistic and administrative capabilities.
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
2014 United Nations Security Council resolutions
2014 in Africa
July 2014 events
{{Album reviews
|rev1 = "Allmusic|rev1score =
|rev2 = The Guardian|rev2score =
}}Mounqaliba (Arabic: منقلبة; English: In a State of Reversal) is a 2010 album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. Co-produced by Samy Bishai, it was inspired by the poems of Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore. In addition to original works, it also contains covers of Françoise Hardy and Nick Drake songs. The album also features composers Zoe Rahman and Jocelyn Pook.
The album features audio clips from non-commercial film director, and activist Peter Joseph and self-educated industrial engineer and futurist Jacque Fresco through multiple tracks, as well as references to Zeitgeist: Addendum and a resource-based economy.
Derek Beres named Mounqaliba on their list of the Top 12 Records of 2010 and Siddhartha Mitter listed it as one of their top 10 world music CDs of 2010. Contrary to these views, The Guardian music reviewer Robin Denselow gave the album 2.5 stars in their review; citing purposeful limitation of their vocal range, reliance upon "an easygoing swirl of Arabic-tinged strings and jazz-edged piano" and "[being] annoyingly interspersed with spoken 'interludes' [by Joseph and others]" as the reason for the rating.
In February 2011 Atlas and Basha Beats issued a remix of "Makaan" and "Batkallim" called "Egypt: Rise to Freedom" to commemorate the Egyptian Revolution of 2011. A download only album of "River Man" remixes was released by Six Degrees Records in 2010. The album features 4 remixes of "River Man" by 310, Jef Stot and Makyo as well as Atlas' original version that appeared on Mounqaliba. Mounqaliba - Rising: The Remixes, an album of remixes from Mounqaliba'', (including "Egypt: Rise to Freedom") was released by Six Degrees Records on 27 September 2011.
Track listing
All songs composed by Natacha Atlas and Samy Bishai; except where noted.
"Intro" - 0:56
"Makaan" - 4:26
"Matrah Interlude" - (Atlas, Bishai, Louai Alhenawi)
"Bada Al Fajir" - 2:01 (Atlas, Bishai, Alcyona Mick)
"Muwashah Ozkourini" - 3:42 (Traditional)
"River Man" - 5:37 (Nick Drake)
"Batkallim" - 5:57
"Mounqaliba" - 3:36
"Le Cor, Le Vent" - 3:43 (Atlas, Bishai, Khaled Mouzanar)
"Direct Solutions Interlude" - 1:38 (Atlas, Bishai, Andy Hamil)
"Lahazat Nashwa" - 3:03
"La Nuit Est Sur La Ville" - 3:34 (Françoise Hardy)
"Fresco's Interlude" - 2:08
"Ghoroub" - 2:24
"Evening Interlude" - 1:08 (Atlas, Bishai, Eser Ebcin)
"Taalet" - 3:11 (Atlas, Bishai, Tim Whelan)
"Egypt Interlude" - 2:13
"Nafourat El Anwar" - 2:58
References
External links
Official website
NPR review
2010 albums
Natacha Atlas albums
Concept albums
Arabic-language albums
Bang Krang (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Bang Rak Noi, Sai Ma, Bang Si Mueang, Bang Si Thong, Bang Khanun, Bang Khun Kong, Bang Khu Wiang and Bang Len. In 2020 it had a total population of 31,954 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 10 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations.
Bang Krang Town Municipality ()
Bang Si Mueang Town Municipality ()
References
External links
Website of Bang Krang Town Municipality
Website of Bang Si Mueang Town Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Access to Justice Act may refer to
Access to Justice Act 1999, an Act of the Parliament of the UK
Equal Access to Justice Act, US federal judiciary legislation
Servicemember's Access to Justice Act, US federal defense and national security legislation
Godinești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Arjoci, Câlcești, Chiliu, Godinești, Pârâu de Pripor, Pârâu de Vale and Rătez.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Obi is a surname and a given name. People bearing the name include:
Surname:
Anthony Obi, Nigerian army officer and politician
Chike Obi (1921–2008), Nigerian politician and mathematician
Jide Obi (born 1962), Nigerian musician
Joel Obi (born 1991), footballer
Paul Obi, Nigerian military officer and politician
Peter Obi (born 1961), Nigerian politician
Given name:
Obi Ikechukwu Charles (born 1985), Nigerian footballer
Obi Egbuna (1938–2014), Nigerian-born novelist, playwright and political activist in the UK
Obi Ezeh (born 1988), American football player
Obi Melifonwu (born 1994), American football player
Obi Emmanuel Moneke (born 1983), Nigerian footballer
Nickname:
Obi Toppin (born 1998; first name Obadiah), American basketball player
Mikhaylo Khalilov (; born 3 July 1975 in Mykolaiv) is Ukrainian former professional road racing cyclist. They competed in the men's individual road race at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1995
3rd Overall Circuit Franco-Belge
1st Stages 3 & 7
3rd Circuit de Wallonie
1996
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
2000
1st Overall Tour du Faso
1st Points classification
1st Stage 2, 3, 8, 10 & 11
2001
8th Milano–Torino
9th Stausee-Rundfahrt Klingnau
2002
1st Stage 6 Tour of Bulgaria
2nd Tour du Lac Léman
2nd Trofeo dell'Etna
2003
1st Stages 1 & 4 Tour du Sénégal
3rd Stausee-Rundfahrt Klingnau
4th Giro del Lago Maggiore
9th Trofeo dell'Etna
2004
2nd Giro del Lago Maggiore
4th Giro del Friuli
6th Giro delle Colline del Chianti
9th A Travers le Morbihan
2005
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a Asturias
2nd Giro di Toscana
3rd Overall Tour de Picardie
3rd Coppa Placci
6th Paris–Camembert
9th Route Adélie
2006
1st Military World Road Race Championships
1st Hel van het Mergelland
6th Overall Tour of Belgium
8th Gran Premio Bruno Beghelli
2007
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
3rd GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
3rd Monte Paschi Eroica
3rd Coppa Sabatini
4th Gran Premio Bruno Beghelli
5th Milano–Torino
5th GP Industria & Commercio di Prato
9th Giro del Veneto
2008
1st Grand Prix de Rennes
1st Memorial Cimurri
1st Coppa Sabatini
1st GP Industria & Commercio di Prato
2nd Gran Premio Bruno Beghelli
5th Giro di Toscana
5th Overall Volta ao Distrito de Santarém
7th Memorial Viviana Manservisi
10th Overall Circuit de la Sarthe
1st Stage 4
2009
4th Memorial Cimurri
2010
8th Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
9th Overall Tour de Picardie
References
External links
Ukrainian male cyclists
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mykolaiv
Olympic cyclists of Ukraine
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Ribonomics is the study of ribonucleic acids (RNAs) associated with RNA-binding proteins (RBPs). The term was introduced by Robert Cedergren and colleagues who used a bioinformatic search tool to discover novel ribozymes and RNA motifs originally found in HIV.
Ribonomics, like genomics or proteomics, is the large-scale, high-throughput approach to identifying subsets of RNAs by their association with proteins in cells. Since many messenger RNAs (mRNAs) are linked with multiple processes, this technique offers a facile mechanism to study the relationship of various intracellular systems.
Prokaryotes co-regulate genes common to cellular processes via a polycistronic operon. Since eukaryotic transcription produces mRNA encoding proteins in a monocistronic fashion, many gene products must be concomitantly expressed (see gene expression) and translated in a timed fashion. RBPs are thought to be the molecules which physically and biochemically organize these messages to different cellular locales where they may be translated, degraded or stored. The study of transcripts associated with RBPs is therefore thought to be important in eukaryotes as a mechanism for coordinated gene regulation. The likely biochemical processes which account for this regulation are the expedited/delayed degradation of RNA. In addition to the influence on RNA half-life, translation rates are also thought to be altered by RNA-protein interactions.
The Drosophila ELAV family, the Puf family in yeast, and the human La, Ro, and FMR proteins are known examples of RBPs, showing the diverse species and processes with which post-transcriptional gene regulation is associated.
See also
ELAVL1
ELAVL2
ELAVL3
Transcript of unknown function
References
Genomics
Actoxumab is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the prevention of recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection.
This drug, along with bezlotoxumab, was developed through Phase II efficacy trials by a partnership between Medarex Inc and MassBiologics of the University of Massachusetts Medical School. The project was then licensed to Merck & Co., Inc. for further development and commercialization.
A study compared it with bezlotoxumab (that targets CD toxin-B) and found Actoxumab less effective.
References
Monoclonal antibodies
Experimental drugs
The Battle of London is a 15-minute British propaganda film made in 1941. It chronicles the impact on the capital city of the winter bombing campaign from 7 September 1940 to 10 May 1941 which German historians consider to be the second phase of the Battle of Britain and which both contemporary parlance and subsequent British historians have always called the Blitz.
The first scenes are of a quiet, peaceful London, apparently before the Battle, then quickly progresses to the first spate of bombings that the city endured and the spirit of resilience in which Londoners pull together in various ways to keep the city going.
The film ends with the stirring cry "London can take it, and London can give it too!"
External links
Complete film at Movieflix
1941 films
British World War II propaganda shorts
Battle of Britain films
British black-and-white films
Thomas Gisborne (1789 – 20 July 1852) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1830 and 1852.
Life
Gisborne was the son of Thomas Gisborne, Prebendary of Durham. They were educated at Trinity College, Cambridge being awarded B.A. in 1810.
At the 1830 UK general election Gisborne was elected Member of Parliament for Stafford and held the seat until 1832. In the reformed parliament after the 1832 UK general election they were elected MP for North Derbyshire and held the seat until 1837. On 27 Feb. 1839 they were elected MP for Carlow Borough until 1841. They were elected MP for Nottingham in 1843 and held the seat until their defeat in 1847.
Gisborne lived at Horwick House, Derbyshire and at Yoxall Lodge, Staffordshire where they died at the age of 62.
Gisborne married firstly Elizabeth Fysche Palmer, daughter of John Palmer, of Ickwell, Bedfordshire and secondly in 1826, Susan Astley, widow of Francis Duckenfield Astley. They were survived by their eldest son Thomas Guy Gisborne (1812–69). Their second son Henry Fyshe Gisborne (1813–41), a colonial commissioner, predeceased him.
References
External links
1789 births
1852 deaths
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
Whig (British political party) MPs for Irish constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Stafford
UK MPs 1830–1831
UK MPs 1831–1832
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Carlow constituencies (1801–1922)
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Derbyshire
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Bi Shumin 毕淑敏, (born 1952 in Xinjiang) is a Chinese novelist, self-help writer and psychiatrist.
Biography
Born in Yili to a Shandong family, they grew up in Beijing and as a young woman served as nurse and psychiatrist in Tibet. Them first published work was a novella, "Kunlun Shang" ("昆仑殇; Death in Kunlun"), based on their experience as a People's Liberation Army medic.  They are noted for their women-focused narratives, often surrounding women in the Chinese military on the Tibetan plateau in their earlier work and on urban medical professionals in more recent work.  They are also a well-known media presence, based according to one academic analysis on the "charismatic authority claim" that they live a "balanced and happy life."
Them 2003 novel Save the Breast (拯救乳房) "relates an experimentation of talk therapy with a group of patients to deal with the biopolitics of breast cancer as both social stigma and physio-psychic trauma against the tide of medical marketing in today's China." Them 2012 novel Coronavirus (花冠病毒) drew attention during the COVID-19 pandemic. The title and "much of the novel's source material came from Bi Shumin's own observations during the anti-SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) battle of 2003 in China."
Several examples of both fiction and essays have been translated into English, and their work has attracted critical attention especially from those interested in gender in contemporary Chinese literature and the depiction of medicine and illness. Prizes they have won include the Chen Bochui Children's Literature Award.
References
1952 births
Living people
Chinese novelists
21st-century Chinese writers
Chinese psychiatrists
Writers from Beijing
People's Liberation Army personnel
Chinese women novelists
Chen Bochui Children's Literature Award winners
Par () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2002.
Geography
Par is located 24 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Trufanikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Chipola is an unincorporated community in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. The community is located less than northwest of Greensburg and northeast of Coleman Town.
Etymology
It is speculated that the name of the community is derived from the phrase "Chi pa yo ala" which means "The stream that sinks into the earth like the setting moon" in an old dialect of the Creek language.
See also
Coleman Town, Louisiana
References
Unincorporated communities in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana
Unincorporated communities in Louisiana
Scientology was founded in the United States by science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard and is now practiced in many other countries.
History
Hubbard characterized Scientology as a religion, and in 1953 incorporated the first Church of Scientology in New Jersey.
Adherents
In 2007 an official claimed 3.5 million members in the United States but, according to a 2001 survey published by the City University of New York, 55,000 people in the United States would, if asked to identify their religion, have stated Scientology.
Tom Cruise is the most well known Scientologist in the United States as well as other countries. The organization has an emphasis on recruiting celebrities as L. Ron Hubbard themselves said, If an organization has more celebrities, people will follow and offices designed for this use are called "Celebrity Centres".
Legal status
After being recognized as a tax-exempt religious organization in 1957, Scientology's tax-exempt status was lost in a 1967 IRS audit. As part of the effort to regain tax exemption during the late 1970s, Scientologists repeatedly infiltrated the IRS, copying large numbers of documents and at one point placing an electronic bugging device in an IRS conference room. These actions took place within a program code-named "Operation Snow White" (see below). Eleven high-ranking Scientologists, including Hubbard's wife Mary Sue Hubbard, were sentenced to time in prison for acts surrounding this operation. Hubbard themselves was named as an unindicted co-conspirator as investigators could not link them to the crimes.
The Church then embarked on an aggressive, but more legal course, the church's hundreds of affiliated entities filing a steady stream of lawsuits against the IRS in an attempt to have their tax-exempt status approved. In addition, members of the Church started filing thousands of lawsuits against the IRS, claiming that they were entitled to tax deductions for auditing and training expenses.
They were finally rewarded in October 1993, when the IRS formally announced that the Church of Scientology and all its related organizations (whether for-profit or not) had been granted tax exemption again. Since then, the U.S. Department of State has formally criticized several European countries, including Germany and France, for religious discrimination against Scientologists. In March 1997, the New York Times published an article chronicling "Scientology's puzzling journey from tax rebel to tax exempt" in the United States.
Controversies
On January 4, 1963, more than one hundred E-meters were seized by US marshals at the "Founding Church of Scientology" building, now known as the L. Ron Hubbard House, located in Washington, D.C. The church was accused of making false claims that the devices effectively treated some 70 percent of all physical and mental illness. The FDA also charged that the devices did not bear adequate directions for treating the conditions for which they were recommended.
The FBI raid on the Church's headquarters revealed documentation that detailed Scientology actions against various critics of the organization. Among these documents was a plan to frame Gabe Cazares, the mayor of the city of Clearwater, Florida, with a staged hit-and-run accident; plans to discredit the skeptical organization CSICOP by spreading rumors that it was a front for the CIA; and a project called "Operation Freakout," aimed at ruining the life of author Paulette Cooper, author of an early book critical of the movement, The Scandal of Scientology.
The Church of Scientology long considered the Cult Awareness Network (CAN) as one of its most important enemies, and many Scientology publications during the 1980s and 1990s cast CAN (and its spokesperson at the time, Cynthia Kisser) in an unfriendly light, accusing the cult-watchdog organization of various criminal activities. After CAN was forced into bankruptcy and taken over by Scientologists in the late 1990s, Scientology proudly proclaimed this as one of its greatest victories.
Washington Post lawsuit
In a 1995 lawsuit against the Washington Post newspaper et al.. The Religious Technology Center (RTC), the corporation that controls L. Ron Hubbard's copyrighted materials, sued to prevent a Post reporter from describing church teachings at the center of another lawsuit, claiming copyright infringement, trade secret misappropriation, and that the circulation of their "advanced technology" teachings would cause "devastating, cataclysmic spiritual harm" to those not prepared.
Operation Snow White
Operation Snow White was the Church of Scientology's name for a project during the 1970s to purge unfavorable records about Scientology and its founder L. Ron Hubbard. This project included a series of infiltrations and thefts from 136 government agencies, foreign embassies and consulates, and private organizations critical of Scientology, carried out by Church members, in more than 30 countries; the single largest infiltration of the United States government in history with up to 5,000 covert agents. This was also the operation that exposed 'Operation Freakout', because this was the case that brought the government into investigation on the Church.
Under this program, Scientology operatives committed infiltration, wiretapping, and theft of documents in government offices, most notably those of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Eleven highly placed Church executives, including Mary Sue Hubbard (wife of founder L. Ron Hubbard and second-in-command of the organisation), pleaded guilty or were convicted in federal court of obstructing justice, burglary of government offices, and theft of documents and government property. The case was United States vs. Mary Sue Hubbard et al., 493 F. Supp. 209 (D.D.C. 1979).
Lisa McPherson and the "Introspection Rundown"
The most widely publicized death of one of the organization's members involved the 1995 death of 36-year-old Lisa McPherson, while in the care of Scientologists at the Scientology-owned Fort Harrison Hotel, in Clearwater, Florida. Despite McPherson's having experienced symptoms usually associated with mental illness (such as removing all of their clothes at the scene of a minor traffic accident), the Church intervened to prevent McPherson from receiving psychiatric treatment, and to return them to the custody of the Church of Scientology. Records show that they were then placed in isolation as part of a Scientology program known as the Introspection Rundown. Weeks later, they were pronounced dead on arrival at a hospital. Them body was covered in cockroach bites. A later autopsy showed that they had died of a pulmonary embolism.
Noah Lottick
Noah Lottick was an American student of Russian studies who committed suicide on May 11, 1990, by jumping from a 10th-floor hotel window, clutching their only remaining money in their hands. After their death, a controversy arose revolving around their parents' concern over their membership in the Church of Scientology.
References
External links
Scientology official website
"Scientology and Tax Exemption", Harvard Political Review (May 26, 2015)
United States
Religion in the United States by religion
The American Shore and Beach Preservation Association (ASBPA) is a private, nonprofit organization formed in 1926. It was founded to address coastal erosion and the loss of sand on America's beaches. Today, ASBPA is an association of beach and coastal practitioners, including beach towns and managers, coastal engineers, coastal geologists, dredging and ecological restoration companies, coastal academics and students. ASBPA advances coastal science and coastal engineering through its peer-reviewed journal, Shore & Beach, and an annual technical conference. It also hosts an annual coastal summit in Washington, DC to advocate for coastal policies.
History
ASBPA was founded in 1926, and was initially instrumental in persuading the Congress to enact legislation authorizing federal funding of erosion studies and project works for shore protection. In 1930, ASBPA helped form the Beach Erosion Board. ASBPA was politically engaged on coastal erosion and beach nourishment for most of the 20th century and has had the number of prominent coastal advocates and members of the Army Corps of Engineers on its board, including Morrough Parker O'Brien, who served as President from 1972-1983.
After a long partnership, ASBPA merged with the American Coastal Coalition (ACC) in 2003. In 2015, ASBPA formed memorandum of understanding with the Coastal Zone Foundation (CZF) to collaborate on a certification program for coastal practitioners.
Advocacy
ASBPA (and the ACC, which it merged with in 2003) has been the leading advocate for the United States Army Corps of Engineers shore protection program which builds and provides federal funding for beach and dunes systems as coastal flood protection for vulnerable communities. The focus on sand and sediment has led the organization to advocate for the beneficial use of dredged material and natural coastal infrastructure. In February 2017, ASBPA President Anthony P. Pratt was invited to testify before United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works on the value of beaches, dunes, wetlands and other natural coastal infrastructure to the nation. In 2019, ASBPA Executive Director, Derek Brockbank, testified before the United States House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, on issues related to beach and coastal restoration in the Water Resources Development Act
Publications
Shore & Beach is a peer-reviewed journal, published by ASBPA four times per year. It includes scientific articles and general interest features. Typically, one issue per year is a special issue devoted to single subject. Shore & Beach has been published since 1933.
"Coastal Voice" is a member newsletter distributed by ASBPA eleven times per year. It includes coastal policy updates, science and technology updates, information on conferences and workshops, and changes to the board and staff of ASBPA.
Best Restored Beach and Shore
ASBPA presents annual awards for Best Restored Beach to communities that have recently undergone nourishment or full restoration. And starting in 2019, ASBPA presents awards for Best Restored Shore to non-beach shorelines.
Inaugural 2019 Best Restored Shore winners were:
Virginia Point Wetland Protection Project, Texas
Mississippi River Long Distance Sediment Pipeline, Louisiana
Money Point Shoreline Restoration, Virginia
Mispillion Living Shoreline Project, Delaware
Recent Best Restored Beach winners have included:
2019 Winners
Caminada Headland, Louisiana
South Padre Island, Texas
Waypoint Park Beach, Bellingham, WA
Duval County, Florida
2018 Winners
Dare County, North Carolina Beaches, NC
Galveston Seawall Beach, TX
Cardiff Beach, Encinitas, CA
Sagaponack-Bridgehampton Beaches, NY
Thompsons Beach, NJ
2017 Winners
Dauphin Island, AL
Phipps Ocean Park, Palm Beach, FL
Popponesset Spit, MA
Prime Hook Beach, DE
Sandbridge Beach, Virginia Beach, VA
2016 winners:
Babe's Beach, Galveston, TX
Rosewood Beach, Highland Park, IL
Seabrook Island, SC
Topsail Beach, NC
Redondo Beach, CA.
2015 winners:
Galveston Island, TX
Santa Monica, CA
Western Destin Beach, FL
Folly Beach, SC
South Hutchinson Island/St Lucie, FL
Chapters
California Shore & Beach Preservation Association - www.csbpa.org
Central-East Coast chapter of ASBPA
Central Gulf Coast chapter of ASBPA
Hawaii Shore & Beach Preservation Association - www.hawaiishoreandbeach.org
Great Lakes Shore & Beach Preservation Association
Northeast Shore & Beach Preservation Association - www.nsbpa.org
Student Chapter of ASBPA at Stevens Institute of Technology - http://gradlife.stevens.edu/org/stevensasbpa
Texas chapter of ASBPA - www.texasasbpa.org
External links
ASBPA Web Site
References
Environmental organizations based in the United States
Coastal engineering
de Gerlache is a lunar impact crater that is located along the southern limb of the Moon, within a crater diameter of Shackleton at the South Pole. From the Earth this crater is seen from the edge, and it lies in perpetual darkness. Thus little or no detail can be seen of this crater, other than the edge of the rim. However, the crater is clearly visible in Earth-based radar images. The crater is roughly circular, with some slight wear. No craters of note overlie the rim, although some formations may be attached to the southern and western edges.
The crater was identified by Jean-Luc Margot and Donald B. Campbell who jointly proposed the name to the International Astronomical Union. The name, honoring the Belgian explorer Adrien de Gerlache, was adopted by the IAU in 2000.
References
External links
Impact craters on the Moon
Cyrtodactylus orlovi is a species of gecko endemic to Vietnam.
The Gecko was first found in 2021, in Ninh Thuan Province.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Ninh Thuận province
Reptiles of Vietnam
Reptiles described in 2021
R.L. Chartier is a cutting horse trainer and earner of over $2.5 million at the start of the 2022 NCHA point year. In 2013, they were inducted into the Open Division of the NCHA Rider Hall of Fame. R.L. is the son of Randy Chartier, NCHA Rider Hall of Fame in both the Non Pro and Open Divisions.  They are also the grandson of NCHA Hall of Fame rider M.L. Chartier, which makes them the third generation of NCHA Hall of Fame riders. Their mother, Kelle Chartier, is also an NCHA Non Pro Hall of Fame Rider. R.L. is married to Mica Motes, whose stepfather is Winston Hansma, winner of the 1994 NCHA World Championship Futurity riding CD Olena.
References
NCHA Hall of Fame (riders)
Horse trainers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
John Arkwright (3 December 1902 – 20 January 1990), also known by the nickname of "Big Jack", was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s. They played at representative level for Great Britain England and Lancashire, and at club level for St. Helens and Warrington, as a or , i.e. number 8 or 10, or, 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums, they are Warrington's oldest player aged-42.
Playing career
International honours
Jack Arkwright, won caps for England while at St Helens in 1933 against Other Nationalities, while at Warrington in 1936 against France, and Wales, in 1937 against France, in 1938 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1936 against Australia (2 matches), and New Zealand, and in 1937 against Australia (3 matches). During the 1936 tour Arkwright achieved the unusual distinction of being dismissed twice in one game. Playing against Northern Districts they were dismissed for violent play. The opposing captain, J Kingston, appealed to the referee for Arkwright to continue to play. The referee rescinded the sending off but towards the end of the game dismissed Arkwright again for punching an opponent.
County honours
Jack Arkwright played left-, i.e. number 10, in Lancashire's 7-5 victory over Australia in the 1937–38 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France match at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Wednesday 29 September 1937, in front of a crowd of 16,250.
Championship Final appearances
Jack Arkwright played left-, i.e. number 11, in St. Helens' 9-5 victory over Huddersfield in the Championship Final during the 1931–32 season at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Saturday 7 May 1932.
County Cup Final appearances
Jack Arkwright played left-, i.e. number 11, in St. Helens' 9-10 defeat by Warrington in the 1932 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 19 November 1932.
Club career
Jack Arkwright signed for St. Helens for a signing-on fee of £50, they were transferred from St. Helens to Warrington for a world record transfer fee for a forward of £800 on 1 October 1934, (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £146,100 in 2016).
Honoured at St Helens RFC and Warrington RLFC
Jack Arkwright is an inductee in both the St Helens RFC Hall of Fame, and the Warrington RLFC Hall of Fame.
Genealogical information
Jack Arkwright was the father of the rugby league who played in the 1960s for St. Helens; John Arkwright Jr., and the grandfather of the rugby league footballer; Chris Arkwright.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
(archived by web.archive.org) Hall of Fame at Wire2Wolves.com
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1902 births
1990 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
St Helens R.F.C. players
Warrington Wolves players
Ye'af () is a community settlement in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Tel Mond, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1990 as an expansion for the moshavim surrounding it: Kfar Yabetz, Azri'el and Porat. Later it became an independent rural settlement.
References
Community settlements
Populated places established in 1990
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1990 establishments in Israel
District 40 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Clackamas County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Mark Meek of Gladstone.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County, Oregon
Abitha is an Indian film and television actor who appears in Tamil language films and teleserials. They appeared in notable productions including Sethu alongside Vikram.  They are famous for their role as Archana in the teleserial Thirumathi Selvam, which aired from 2007 to 2013 in Sun TV starring opposite Sanjeev. They were the winner of Sun Kudumbam Viruthugal for Best Actress twice by Sun Kudumbam Viruthugal for Thirumathi Selvam in the years 2010 and 2012.
Career
As a teenager, Abitha used to go and see the television serial, Nancy starring Sanghavi, being filmed near their house in Thiruvottiyur. The director of that serial recognised them and spoke to their parents, roping them in to play the hero's sister in their next TV serial Criminal. After doing a couple of serials, they did a low-budget film titled Golmaal as the sister of the lead lady and then B-Grade film titled Devadasi in Malayalam. At that time, director Bala roped them in for a leading role in Sethu alongside Vikram, which they signed after Keerthi Reddy and Rajshri had dropped out. Bala renamed them Abitha from their original name of Jenila for the film, after the character they were portraying. The film opened in December 1999 at a single noon show at a suburban theatre but built up through word-of-mouth publicity and ran for over one hundred days at several cinema halls across Chennai, becoming a critical and commercial success. Sethu won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil and secured wins in the Best Film category at the Filmfare Awards and the Cinema Express Awards, while Abitha won critical acclaim for their role of a timil Brahmin girl. After Sethus success, Abitha was flooded with offers but chose to complete their studies and finish their PG in Sociology from Annamalai University. They revealed that by the time they decided to come back they had lost their contacts in the industry and was thereafter seen in only a couple of insignificant projects.
They appeared alongside veteran actor Ramarajan in Seerivarum Kaalai before starring in Poove Pen Poove alongside newcomer Ishaq Husseini. After the failure of those films they played the role of Arjun's sister in Arasatchi. Other films in the period, such as Pirantha Naal with Prakash Raj, Kashmir with Abhinay and Kandhavel with Murali were not completed and indefinitely shelved. In 2005, they got another breakthrough and signed on to play the lead role in Kannamma scripted by Karunanidhi, but to do so they unceremoniously opted out of another film titled Ullakadathal. Subsequently the producers of that film complained and got them banned by the Producer's Council, leaving them out of both films. Later that year they featured in Unarchigal alongside Abbas and Kunal. Them next film was Suyetchai MLA, which had a delayed release in 2006, and featured them opposite Sathyaraj and they were last seen in Nam Naadu as the wife of Saranraj.
Abitha made their small screen debut as the main lead actor in Thirumathi Selvam in 2007 in which they starred opposite Sanjeev. The show made them establish as one of the most celebrated pair of small screen and made them enjoy immense popularity among Tamil audience for their characters Selvam and Archana in the show. The show was a Superhit ruling the Tamil small screen for 4 and half years from 2008 to 2013. Abitha was selected the best actor of Sun TV in the first two editions of Sun Kudumbam awards held in the years 2010 and 2012 for their performance as Archana in the show. They also starred in the low profile serial Thangamana Purushan. They got married in 2009 and continued to work in serials following their marriage.
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian film actores
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
Indian television actores
Actresses in Malayalam television
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Tamil television
