A Commission Sharing Agreement (CSA), or in the US named Client Commission Agreement (CCA), is a type of soft dollar arrangement that allows money managers to separately pay the executing broker for trade execution and ask that broker to allocate a portion of the commission directly to an independent research provider. CSAs consist of a percentage of execution fees, that are directed to pay for research reports from sell-side banks. The form of a CSA can be as short as one page. One of the disadvantages of CSAs is the counterparty risk, that the broker becomes as the cash is held on the broker's balance sheet and not in a segregated client account. Moves included in MiFID II such as the creation of Research Payment Accounts (RPAs) aim to address this issue.
References
Financial services
Patrick Lihanda (born 11 April 1962) is a Ugandan boxer. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Ugandan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Uganda
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
African Games gold medalists for Uganda
African Games medalists in boxing
Place of birth missing (living people)
Competitors at the 1987 All-Africa Games
Middleweight boxers
Leigh Gibbs (born 1956) was a New Zealand netball player who played for the national team on 61 occasions and was captain for the 1987 World Netball Championships when New Zealand won the gold medal. They were made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit (ONZM) in 2001.
Early life
Leigh Helen Gibbs (née Mills) was born in Gisborne, New Zealand on 17 July 1956. They were educated at Lytton High School in Gisborne. They obtained a diploma in physical education at the University of Otago, following this with a one-year course to obtain an education diploma at the Christchurch College of Education.
Netball career
Gibbs represented Otago in netball from 1974 to 1976 and Canterbury from 1977 to 1986. They were called up to play for the New Zealand national netball team, later called the Silver Ferns, in 1978 and played for them until 1987. They were captain in 1986 and 1987, being in that role when New Zealand dominated the 1987 Netball World Championships, which were held in Glasgow, Scotland. They also played in the 1979 and 1983 world championships.
Coaching
Gibbs was a New Zealand netball umpire from 1987 to 1993. They started coaching the Canterbury Flames in 1988 and coached the New Zealand Under-21 team in 1991 and 1992 when the team won the Under-21 World Championship. They became the Silver Ferns''' sixth coach, when they were appointed to lead the team in 1994. They coached the team in the 1995 Netball World Championships in Birmingham, England, when New Zealand finished in a disappointing third place. They left the role in mid-1997. Having spent a season coaching in Wales, Gibbs was the Talent Development Coordinator for Netball New Zealand from 2002 and was an assistant coach to Ruth Aitken for the Silver Ferns'' when the team won a gold medal at the 2003 Netball World Championships and at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. From 2012 to 2014 they coached the Mainland Tactix. In 2021 they joined the Nelson Netball Centre in New Zealand as the manager, after having spent the previous five years working in Australia at the Queensland State Netball Centre.
Awards and honours
Gibbs was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2001.
They received a place on the "Wall of Fame" of the School of Physical Education at the University of Otago in 2006.
They were made the 32nd honorary life member of Netball New Zealand in 2017.
Personal life
They married Steve Gibbs and they have two sons.
References
1956 births
Living people
New Zealand international netball players
1979 World Netball Championships players
1983 World Netball Championships players
1987 World Netball Championships players
New Zealand netball umpires
New Zealand netball coaches
New Zealand national netball team coaches
ANZ Championship coaches
National Bank Cup coaches
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1993 federal election in the state of New South Wales.
Overall results
Results by division
Banks
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Banks § 1993
Barton
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Barton § 1993
Bennelong
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Bennelong § 1993
Berowra
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Berowra § 1993
Blaxland
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Blaxland § 1993
Bradfield
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Bradfield § 1993
Calare
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Calare § 1993
Charlton
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Charlton § 1993
Chifley
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Chifley § 1993
Cook
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cook § 1993
Cowper
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cowper § 1993
Cunningham
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cunningham § 1993
Dobell
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Dobell § 1993
Eden-Monaro
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Eden-Monaro § 1993
Farrer
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Farrer § 1993
Fowler
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Fowler § 1993
Gilmore
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Gilmore § 1993
Grayndler
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Grayndler § 1993
Greenway
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Greenway § 1993
Gwydir
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Gwydir § 1993
Hughes
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hughes § 1993
Hume
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hume § 1993
Hunter
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hunter § 1993
Kingsford Smith
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Kingsford Smith § 1993
Lindsay
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lindsay § 1993
Lowe
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lowe § 1993
Lyne
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lyne § 1993
Macarthur
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Macarthur § 1993
Mackellar
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Mackellar § 1993
Macquarie
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Macquarie § 1993
Mitchell
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Mitchell § 1993
New England
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of New England § 1993
Newcastle
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Newcastle § 1993
North Sydney
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of North Sydney § 1993
Page
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Page § 1993
Parkes
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Parkes § 1993
Parramatta
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Parramatta § 1993
Paterson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Paterson § 1993
Prospect
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Prospect § 1993
Reid
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Reid § 1993
Richmond
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Richmond § 1993
Riverina
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Riverina § 1993
Robertson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Robertson § 1993
Shortland
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Shortland § 1993
Sydney
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Sydney § 1993
Throsby
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Throwsby § 1993
Warringah
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Warringah § 1993
Watson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Watson § 1993
Wentworth
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Wentworth § 1993
Werriwa
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Werriwa § 1993
See also
Results of the 1993 Australian federal election (House of Representatives)
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1993–1996
Notes
References
New South Wales 1993
Aleksandar Katai (; born 6 February 1991) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Red Star Belgrade and the Serbia national team.
Club career
Vojvodina
Katai started playing football for their hometown club FK Vojvodina youth squad. After 6 months loan to lower league team FK Palić at the start of 2009–10 season they were promoted to Vojvodina's first team. Their debut in Serbian SuperLiga was on 14 March 2010, when they came in as substitute against FK Čukarički, and they scored their first goal just seven days later in a match against Mladi Radnik. On 28 June 2011, they left FK Vojvodina and went to Athens to join Olympiacos.
Olympiacos
On 24 June 2011, Olympiacos agreed to sign Katai on a four-year contract. At their first trainings with the club, coach Ernesto Valverde told Katai that they did not defend enough and that they needed to improve as a player. Katai did not play a single match for Olympiacos, but was instead sent on loan four times.
They were first loaned to OFI Crete, with whom they made their debut on 5 November 2011, against Panionios. The loan spell to Crete was unsuccessful, and so Olympiacos loaned them back to their hometown club FK Vojvodina. While on loan at Vojvodina, in 2012 after one game with Spartak Subotica, they fell very ill and was admitted to the hospital, where they were diagnosed with thrombopenia. They had to have some blood removed, and stayed in the hospital for two weeks, before they were allowed to finish their recovery from home. During their recovery, they gained over 20 pounds, and they did not return to play football until the end of the year. They remained a loaned player for Vojvodina until the club president Ratko Butorović died unexpectedly on 8 June 2013, which led to a period of instability in the club during which Katai left. They subsequently are loaned to Platanias, for whom they scored a total of eight goals and six assists, until their loan there expired in the summer of 2014.
Red Star Belgrade
2014–15 season
On 31 August 2014, in a last-minute deal before the transfer window closed, Katai devoted to a one-year loan to Red Star Belgrade. Throughout autumn 2014, Katai was reported to be out of shape, and Red Star's coach Nenad Lalatović was said to have claimed that Katai "had a problem in their head".
2015–16 season
On 18 June 2015, it was announced that Katai terminated their contract with Olympiacos and forgave a debt of €300,000 which was owed to them by Red Star from the loan contract, and subsequently signed a two-year contract with Red Star Belgrade. For the 2015–16 season, Miodrag "Grof" Božović was hired as the new coach and Katai played a good game against Kairat in the first qualifying round for the Europa League, although Red Star failed to qualify. By the end of October 2015, Katai had scored 10 goals and made 6 assists in 15 league matches, ranking them one of the most effective midfielders in all of Europe at the time surveyed.
Katai ended the season with the title of the best scorer of the Superliga, scoring their 21st in the last round against Radnički for the 27th title celebration.
2016–17 season
In the first competitive match of the 2016–17 season, Katai scored an equalizer and assist for win against Valletta FC in the first match of the second qualifying round for the Champions League in Valletta and winner in rematch, in Belgrade.
In the first game of the third round of qualification for the Champions League against Bulgarian PFC Ludogorets Razgrad continued their goal-scoring series, with a 12th consecutive goal, when they dribbled past three players and scored, though Red Star were ultimately eliminated.
Alavés
On 31 August 2016, Katai signed a three-year contract with La Liga side Deportivo Alavés, for an undisclosed fee.
Chicago Fire
On 6 February 2018, Katai was loaned by Alavés to Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer. The loan was for the 2018 MLS season, and included a purchase option at season's end.
On 11 July 2018, the Chicago Fire acquired Katai on a permanent basis from Alavés for an unknown amount. The deal had Katai signed through the 2019 season, with a club option for 2020. It also had them remaining a TAM player for the 2018 season, but would change to a DP in 2019.
LA Galaxy
On 31 December 2019, after leaving the Chicago Fire, Katai joined the LA Galaxy through the use of Targeted Allocation Money. Katai was expected to be an important part of the Galaxy's attack in 2020.
Katai was released by LA Galaxy on 5 June 2020, following controversial Instagram posts by Katai's wife Tea, in the wake of the George Floyd protests and looting across the United States. Katai's wife, writing in Serbian, had compared protestors to "disgusting cattle," called for violent action against them in a caption under a photo of New York Police Department officers driving an SUV into a crowd of protesters ("shoot those s***s"), and captioned an image of what appears to be a looter running off with boxes of Nike sneakers with "Black Nikes Matter."
The LA Galaxy requested the removal of their wife's posts, and issued a statement condemning "racism of any kind." Tea then took down the posts. Katai condemned their wife's posts as "unacceptable", rebuked their insensitivity, issued a personal apology, and indicated their support for the Black Lives Matter movement, in an Instagram post. Two days after the team became aware of the wife's posts, which also was two days after their post condemning their statements, and following a day of protests against Katai, the LA Galaxy released him.
Return to Red Star Belgrade
On 9 July 2020, Katai signed a two-year contract with Red Star Belgrade.
International career
Katai played two games for Serbia U21 national team. They made their debut for Serbia in a 4-1 friendly loss to the Czech Republic on 13 November 2015.
Personal life
Born in Srbobran, a village in northern Serbia, their paternal grandfather was of Ukrainian origin and their grandmother was Hungarian. Their surname is Hungarian, adopted from their grandmother.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Red Star
Serbian SuperLiga (3): 2015–16, 2020–21, 2021–22
Serbian Cup (2): 2020–21, 2021–22
Individual
Serbian SuperLiga top goalscorer: 2015–16
Serbian SuperLiga Team of the Season: 2015–16
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
People from Srbobran
Association football wingers
Serbian footballers
Serbia international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
FK Palić players
FK Vojvodina players
Olympiacos F.C. players
Platanias F.C. players
OFI Crete F.C. players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Deportivo Alavés players
Chicago Fire FC players
LA Galaxy players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Super League Greece players
La Liga players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Serbian people of Hungarian descent
Serbian people of Ukrainian descent
Major League Soccer players
Designated Players (MLS)
The European zone of qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup saw 53 teams competing for 13 places at the finals in South Africa. The qualification process started on 20 August 2008, nearly two months after the end of UEFA Euro 2008, and ended on 18 November 2009. The qualification process saw the first competitive matches of Montenegro.
Denmark, England, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Serbia, Slovakia, Spain, and Switzerland qualified in the first round by winning their groups. France, Greece, Portugal, and Slovenia qualified via the second round play-offs.
Format
Teams were drawn into eight groups of six teams and one group of five teams. The nine group winners qualified directly, while the best eight second-placed teams contested home and away play off matches for the remaining four places. In determining the best eight second placed teams, the results against teams finishing last in the six team groups were not counted for consistency between the five and six team groups.
Seeding
After initially proposing to use a similar system to recent World Cup and European Championship qualification (based on results across the previous two European qualification cycles), the UEFA Executive Committee decided on 27 September 2007 at its meeting in Istanbul that seeding for the qualifiers would be based on FIFA World Rankings, in accordance with the FIFA World Cup regulations (which note that where teams are ranked on "performance" criteria, the FIFA World Rankings must be used).
The November 2007 FIFA World Ranking the most recent at the time of the preliminary draw and used to determine the groups. Initially scheduled for 21 November, FIFA moved the release date of the ranking to 23 November to include the final match days of Euro 2008 qualification.
Teams in bold eventually qualified for the final tournament, teams in bold italic qualified for the final tournament through the play-offs, and teams in italic participated in the play-offs but did not qualify for the final tournament.
Draw
The draw for the group stage took place in Durban, South Africa on 25 November 2007. During the draw, teams were drawn from the six pots A to F (see above) into the nine groups below, starting with pot F, which filled position 6 in the groups, then continued with pot E filling position 5, pot D in position 4 and so on.
Summary
Table – top row: group winners, second row: group runners-up, third row: others. The winner of each group qualified for the 2010 FIFA World Cup together with winners of play-off. The play-offs took place between the eight best runners-up among all nine groups. The ninth group runner-up did not qualify.
First round
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Ranking of second placed teams
Because one group had one team fewer than the others, matches against the sixth placed team in each group were not included in this ranking. As a result, eight matches played by each team counted for the purposes of the second placed table.
Second round
The UEFA second round (often referred to as the play off stage) was contested by the best eight runners-up from the nine first round groups. The winners of each of four home and away ties joined the group winners in the World Cup finals in South Africa. Norway, with 10 points, was ranked 9th so failed to qualify for the second round.
Seeding and draw
The eight teams were seeded according to the FIFA World Rankings released on 16 October (shown in parentheses in the table below). The draw for the ties was held in Zürich on 19 October, with the top four teams seeded into one pot and the bottom four teams seeded into a second. A separate draw decided the host of the first leg.
Matches
|}
Qualified teams
The following 13 teams from UEFA qualified for the final tournament.
1 Bold indicates champions for that year. Italic indicates hosts for that year.
2 Competed as West Germany. A separate team for East Germany also participated in qualifications during this time, having only competed in 1974.
3 From 1930 to 1998, Serbia competed as Yugoslavia, while in 2006 as Serbia and Montenegro.
Goalscorers
There were 725 goals scored over 268 games by 399 different players, for an average of 2.71 goals per game. England were the highest scorers in the European section with 34 goals. Malta did not score any goals, but did score two own goals. The top scorer was Theofanis Gekas of Greece, who scored ten goals.
Note: Goals scored in the play-offs are included.
10 goals
Theofanis Gekas
9 goals
Edin Džeko
Wayne Rooney
7 goals
Miroslav Klose
David Villa
6 goals
Marc Janko
Wesley Sonck
Lukas Podolski
Robbie Keane
Elyaniv Barda
Euzebiusz Smolarek
Stanislav Šesták
Andriy Shevchenko
5 goals
Timofei Kalachev
Zvjezdan Misimović
Dimitar Berbatov
Milan Baroš
Søren Larsen
Jonatan Johansson
Roman Pavlyuchenko
Milan Jovanović
Milivoje Novaković
Alexander Frei
Blaise Nkufo
Serhiy Nazarenko
4 goals
Zlatan Muslimović
Michalis Konstantinou
Peter Crouch
Frank Lampard
André-Pierre Gignac
Thierry Henry
Michael Ballack
Angelos Charisteas
Omer Golan
Alberto Gilardino
Tomas Danilevičius
Simão
3 goals
Erjon Bogdani
Eduardo
Luka Modrić
Ivica Olić
Ivan Rakitić
Tomáš Necid
Nicklas Bendtner
Jermain Defoe
Steven Gerrard
Theo Walcott
Konstantin Vassiljev
Nicolas Anelka
Franck Ribéry
Levan Kobiashvili
Bastian Schweinsteiger
Sándor Torghelle
Eiður Guðjohnsen
Yossi Benayoun
Ben Sahar
Sergei Khizhnichenko
Sergei Ostapenko
Māris Verpakovskis
Marius Stankevičius
Mirko Vučinić
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar
Dirk Kuyt
John Arne Riise
Nani
Andrey Arshavin
Konstantin Zyryanov
Branislav Ivanović
Nikola Žigić
Zlatko Dedić
Juan Mata
Gerard Piqué
David Silva
Olof Mellberg
Tuncay
2 goals
Erwin Hoffer
Vagif Javadov
Elvin Mammadov
Gennadi Bliznyuk
Sergei Kornilenko
Vitali Rodionov
Dmitry Verkhovtsov
Émile Mpenza
Senijad Ibričić
Martin Petrov
Dimitar Telkiyski
Mladen Petrić
Efstathios Aloneftis
Constantinos Charalambidis
Chrysis Michael
Václav Svěrkoš
Christian Poulsen
Joe Cole
Sergei Zenjov
Mikael Forssell
Karim Benzema
William Gallas
Vladimir Dvalishvili
Dimitris Salpingidis
Georgios Samaras
Vasilis Torosidis
Roland Juhász
Kevin Doyle
Richard Dunne
Glenn Whelan
Alberto Aquilani
Daniele De Rossi
Antonio Di Natale
Vincenzo Iaquinta
Vitālijs Astafjevs
Aleksandrs Cauņa
Ģirts Karlsons
Andrejs Rubins
Mindaugas Kalonas
Dejan Damjanović
Stevan Jovetić
Mark van Bommel
Rafael van der Vaart
Warren Feeney
Kyle Lafferty
Grant McCann
Steffen Iversen
Morten Gamst Pedersen
Rafał Boguski
Ireneusz Jeleń
Mariusz Lewandowski
Robert Lewandowski
Marek Saganowski
Hugo Almeida
Bruno Alves
Liédson
Gheorghe Bucur
Ciprian Marica
Diniyar Bilyaletdinov
Aleksandr Kerzhakov
James McFadden
Miloš Krasić
Nenad Milijaš
Marek Čech
Marek Hamšík
Martin Jakubko
Ján Kozák
Valter Birsa
Robert Koren
Zlatan Ljubijankić
Nejc Pečnik
Cesc Fàbregas
Álvaro Negredo
Marcus Berg
Zlatan Ibrahimović
Kim Källström
Philippe Senderos
Arda Turan
Emre Belözoğlu
Semih Şentürk
Artem Milevskyi
Yevhen Seleznyov
Andriy Yarmolenko
David Edwards
1 goal
Armend Dallku
Klodian Duro
Hamdi Salihi
Ildefons Lima
Marc Pujol
Óscar Sonejee
Robert Arzumanyan
Gevorg Ghazaryan
Hovhannes Goharyan
Sargis Hovsepyan
Vahagn Minasyan
Henrik Mkhitaryan
René Aufhauser
Andreas Ivanschitz
Stefan Maierhofer
Franz Schiemer
Martin Stranzl
Roman Wallner
Maksim Bardachov
Alexander Hleb
Vyacheslav Hleb
Leonid Kovel
Pavel Sitko
Ihar Stasevich
Steven Defour
Mousa Dembélé
Marouane Fellaini
Gill Swerts
Daniel Van Buyten
Zlatan Bajramović
Vedad Ibišević
Sanel Jahić
Sejad Salihović
Emir Spahić
Stanislav Angelov
Valeri Domovchiyski
Blagoy Georgiev
Radostin Kishishev
Dimitar Makriev
Stiliyan Petrov
Ivelin Popov
Ivan Klasnić
Niko Kovač
Niko Kranjčar
Mario Mandžukić
Ognjen Vukojević
Demetris Christofi
Marios Elia
Konstantinos Makrides
Ioannis Okkas
Martin Fenin
Marek Jankulovski
Radoslav Kováč
Jaroslav Plašil
Zdeněk Pospěch
Daniel Pudil
Libor Sionko
Daniel Agger
Leon Andreasen
Daniel Jensen
Thomas Kahlenberg
Morten Nordstrand
Jakob Poulsen
Gareth Barry
Rio Ferdinand
Emile Heskey
John Terry
Shaun Wright-Phillips
Andres Oper
Raio Piiroja
Sander Puri
Vladimir Voskoboinikov
Egil á Bø
Arnbjørn Hansen
Bogi Løkin
Andreas Lava Olsen
Súni Olsen
Shefki Kuqi
Jari Litmanen
Niklas Moisander
Roni Porokara
Daniel Sjölund
Hannu Tihinen
Mika Väyrynen
Yoann Gourcuff
Sidney Govou
Alexander Iashvili
Levan Kenia
Thomas Hitzlsperger
Marcell Jansen
Simon Rolfes
Piotr Trochowski
Heiko Westermann
Kostas Katsouranis
Ákos Buzsáky
Zoltán Gera
Tamás Hajnal
Szabolcs Huszti
Gergely Rudolf
Veigar Páll Gunnarsson
Heiðar Helguson
Indriði Sigurðsson
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson
Sean St Ledger
Aviram Baruchyan
David Ben Dayan
Klemi Saban
Salim Tuama
Mauro Camoranesi
Fabio Grosso
Giampaolo Pazzini
Andrea Pirlo
Rinat Abdulin
Ruslan Baltiev
Zhambyl Kukeyev
Tanat Nusserbayev
Roman Uzdenov
Kaspars Gorkšs
Kristaps Grebis
Deniss Ivanovs
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko
Andrejs Perepļotkins
Aleksejs Višņakovs
Jurijs Žigajevs
Mario Frick
Michele Polverino
Saulius Mikoliūnas
Alphonse Leweck
René Peters
Jeff Strasser
Boban Grnčarov
Filip Ivanovski
Ilčo Naumoski
Goran Pandev
Aco Stojkov
Serghei Alexeev
Valeriu Andronic
Denis Calincov
Gheorghe Ovseannicov
Igor Picușceac
Veaceslav Sofroni
Radoslav Batak
Andrija Delibašić
Eljero Elia
John Heitinga
Nigel de Jong
Joris Mathijsen
André Ooijer
Robin van Persie
Arjen Robben
Chris Brunt
Steven Davis
Jonny Evans
David Healy
Gareth McAuley
Thorstein Helstad
Erik Huseklepp
Jakub Błaszczykowski
Paweł Brożek
Michał Żewłakow
Deco
Edinho
Raul Meireles
Pepe
Miguel Veloso
Iulian Apostol
Răzvan Cociș
Dorin Goian
Ionuț Mazilu
Florentin Petre
Dorel Stoica
Cristian Tănase
Vasili Berezutski
Sergei Ignashevich
Pavel Pogrebnyak
Igor Semshov
Andy Selva
Kirk Broadfoot
Scott Brown
Steven Fletcher
Ross McCormack
Zdravko Kuzmanović
Ivan Obradović
Marko Pantelić
Neven Subotić
Zoran Tošić
Ľuboš Hanzel
Filip Hološko
Erik Jendrišek
Miroslav Karhan
Peter Pekarík
Martin Škrtel
Miroslav Stoch
Andraž Kirm
Aleksandar Radosavljević
Dalibor Stevanović
Marko Šuler
Xabi Alonso
Joan Capdevila
Santi Cazorla
Andrés Iniesta
Juanito
Carles Puyol
Albert Riera
Marcos Senna
Samuel Holmén
Daniel Majstorović
Anders Svensson
Eren Derdiyok
Gélson Fernandes
Stéphane Grichting
Benjamin Huggel
Marco Padalino
Hakan Yakin
Halil Altıntop
Mevlüt Erdinç
Sercan Yıldırım
Servet Çetin
Oleksiy Gai
Oleh Husyev
Yaroslav Rakytskiy
Craig Bellamy
James Collins
Joe Ledley
Aaron Ramsey
David Vaughan
Sam Vokes
1 own goal
Ildefons Lima (playing against Ukraine)
Jón Rói Jacobsen (playing against Serbia)
Veli Lampi (playing against Russia)
Petri Pasanen (playing against Russia)
Julien Escudé (playing against Romania)
Avraam Papadopoulos (playing against Luxembourg)
Kevin Kilbane (playing against Bulgaria)
Aleksandr Kuchma (playing against England)
Mario Frick (playing against Wales)
Ian Azzopardi (playing against Sweden)
Brian Said (playing against Portugal)
Seweryn Gancarczyk (playing against Slovakia)
Michał Żewłakow (playing against Northern Ireland)
Dorel Stoica (playing against Serbia)
Ján Ďurica (playing against Northern Ireland)
Ashley Williams (playing against Germany)
2 own goals
Kakha Kaladze (playing against Italy)
References
External links
European Zone at FIFA.com
UEFA Qualifier results with full game box scores at Scoreshelf.com
UEFA
FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA)
Qual
The United States Department of Defense acknowledges holding four Kazakh detainees in Guantanamo.
A total of 778 detainees have been held in extrajudicial detention in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba since the camps opened on January 11, 2002.
The camp population peaked in 2004 at approximately 660. Only nineteen new detainees, all "high value detainees" have been transferred there since the United States Supreme Court's ruling in Rasul v. Bush. As of January 2008, the camp population stand at approximately 285.
Release negotiations
Kazakhstan's First Deputy Foreign Minister Kairat Abuseitov confirmed, on January 16, 2003, that Kazakh security officials had interviewed two Kazakhstan citizens in Guantanamo.
They described the two detainees as "young", and stated that Kazakhstan had appealed to the USA for their release.
In November 2003, the Central Asia Caucasus Institute Analyst reported that
Kazakh Foreign Minister Qasymzhomart Toqaev
Kazakhstan had been negotiated with the USA for the release of its citizens.
The Minister stated:
Kazakh detainees in Guantanamo
Ambassador Ordway's 22 May 2007 press briefing
American ambassador John M. Ordway addressed the Kazakhstani detainees in Guantanamo during a May 22, 2007, press briefing at the Kazakhstani Press Club.
Ordway confirmed that one detainee the USA considered a citizen of Kazakhstan remained in Guantanamo.
They stated that it was against US policy to compensate former detainees.
They asserted detainees were not detained any longer than necessary for US national security.
October 2008 repatriation
On October 31, 2008, the Department of Defense announced two detainees were repatriated to Kazakhstan and Tajikistan.
The DoD withheld the two men's names.
References
Lists of Guantanamo Bay detainees by nationality
Kazakhstan–United States relations
The Sulawesi myzomela (Myzomela chloroptera) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to Indonesia where it occurs in Sulawesi, Taliabu, Selayar and Tanah Jampea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Myzomela
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Birds described in 1872
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dynamite!! 2010 was a mixed martial arts and kickboxing event in the annual New Year's Eve event promoted by Fighting and Entertainment Group that took place on December 31, 2010 at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan. The event included bouts that encompass the DREAM, K-1 and K-1 World MAX banners. Just as the previous Dynamite!! 2009, with the official commentator Nozomi Sasaki, the event aired on TBS in Japan and HDNet in North America.
Background
FEG president Tanikawa had stated that the company planned on holding an event together with Sengoku Raiden Championship and this event may have a similar DREAM vs SRC format as Dynamite!! 2009. However, this did not happen as SRC held its own event, World Victory Road Presents: Soul of Fight.
Tanikawa has also stated that this Dynamite!! event will most likely be shortened (to around three hours) and the annual K-1 Koshien tournament will not take place at this event.
The title fight between Bibiano Fernandes and Hiroyuki Takaya was the last in the 63 kg. (139 lbs) weight class before it gets broken into the standard MMA bantamweight and featherweight divisions. DREAM plans on holding a Grand Prix in whichever of the two weight classes the champion does not decide to fight in. After winning the title, Hiroyuki Takaya stated that they would become the Featherweight (145 lbs) Champion.
The Aoki/Nagashima fight was first announced that there would be an alternate of four rounds, with one round under MMA rules and the next round, then they will change gloves and, fight under kickboxing rules. A coin toss will determine what rules they start under. However, it has later announced that the fight will feature one three-minute kickboxing round, followed by a standard five-minute MMA round. The fighters used open-fingered gloves throughout. If no winner were decided in the eight minutes of competition, the fight would have been declared an automatic draw.
A fight between Bob Sapp and Shinichi Suzukawa in a super-heavyweight “IGF rules” bout was set to feature a rule set similar to MMA, but with no closed fist strikes. However, the fight was canceled due to Sapp attempting to re-negotiate their contract backstage prior to the event and eventually electing to withdraw from the contest.
Results
References
See also
Dream (mixed martial arts)
List of Dream champions
2010 in DREAM
Dream (mixed martial arts) events
K-1 events
2010 in Japanese sport
2010 in kickboxing
2010 in mixed martial arts
Kickboxing in Japan
Sport in Saitama (city)
Riffgat (also known as Borkum Riffgat and OWP Riffgat) is an offshore wind farm to the north-west of the German island of Borkum and north of the eponymous shipping channel in the southern North Sea. The wind turbines are built across an area of . It consists of 30 turbines with a total capacity of 108 megawatt (MW), and is expected to generate enough electricity for 112,000 households.
Early 2011, the Dutch government stated that the wind farm was partly in Dutch territory and protested against the issuing of construction licenses by the German government. The issue was resolved in 2014 with the signing of the Ems-Dollart-Treaty.
Between November 2015 and April 2016, transmission problems prevented Riffgat from exporting power.
See also
Wind power in Germany
List of Offshore Wind Farms
References
External links
Riffgat Offshore Windpark
Wind farms in Germany
Offshore wind farms in the North Sea
Borkum
2014 establishments in Germany
Energy infrastructure completed in 2014
Guangzhou Road () is a station on Line 1 of the Chengdu Metro in China.
Station layout
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Sichuan
Railway stations in China opened in 2018
Chengdu Metro stations
Gurudhakshaneiy () is a 1969 Indian Tamil-language film directed by A. P. Nagarajan and produced by K. Balaji. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Jayalalithaa, Padmini and K. Balaji. The film had musical score by Pukazhenthi.
Plot
Cast
Sivaji Ganesan as Kannan
Jayalalithaa as Kanni
Padmini as Devaki
K. Balaji as Vasudevan
Major Sundarrajan as Devaki's Father
S. V. Sahasranamam as Vasudevan's Father
M. N. Nambiar as Singapur Singaram
T. S. Balaiah as Nambothiri
K. A. Thangavelu as Raouthar
T. R. Ramachandran as Mama
T. Rama Rao as Nayar
P. D. Sambandam as James
Manorama as Ponnathal
Rama Prabha as Valli
G. Sakunthala as Savithiri
Senthamarai as Sevathan
Pakoda Kadhar as Student
Master Prabhakar as Vadivelu
Soundtrack
Release and reception
Gurudhakshaneiy was released on 14 June 1969. The Indian Express called it "a sad attempt at portraying an unlettered villager becoming not only literate but a hero capable of great sacrifice."
References
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1969 drama films
1969 films
Films directed by A. P. Nagarajan
Indian drama films
Bertha Kalifon Madras is a professor of psychobiology in the Department of Psychiatry and the chair of the Division of Neurochemistry at Harvard Medical School, Harvard University; they served as associate director for public education in the division on Addictions at Harvard Medical School. Madras has published research in the areas of drug addiction (particularly the effects of cocaine), ADHD, and Parkinson's disease.
Madras earned a BSc in biochemistry with honours from McGill University in 1963. As a J.B. Collop Fellow of the Faculty of Medicine, they were awarded a PhD in biochemistry (metabolism and pharmacology, including hallucinogens) from McGill University in 1967. They completed postdoctoral fellowships in biochemistry at Tufts University/Cornell University Medical College (1966–1967) as well as at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1967–1969). Thereafter, they were appointed a research associate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1972–1974) as well as an assistant professor in the Departments of Pharmacology and Psychiatry at the University of Toronto. Dr Madras joined the Harvard Medical School as an assistant professor in 1986 and was subsequently promoted to associate professor and (full) professor – with a cross-appointment to the Department of Psychiatry at the Massachusetts General Hospital. Dr. Madras also founded and chaired the Division of Neurochemistry at Harvard Medical School's New England Primate Research Centre (NEPRC) – a multidisciplinary, translational research program which spans chemical design, molecular and cellular biology, behavioural biology,and brain imaging approaches. They direct the Laboratory of Addiction Neurobiology, McLean Hospital, in conjunction with the Harvard Brain Science initiative.
 They are married to Peter Madras and has two daughters, two sons-in-law, and five grandchildren..
Public policy work
Madras served as the deputy director for demand reduction for the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy; They were nominated by President George W. Bush in July, 2005, and unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate in 2006. in the Federal budget for Medicaid reimbursement, assurances that the majority of federal employees' healthcare insurers would reimburse for these procedures, that certain State Medicaid plans would reimburse for SBI services, that the Veterans' Administration would mandate SBI for alcohol throughout the VA system, that the Federal Health Resource Services Administration (HRSA) would implement these services in underserved populations.
Research
Madras has authored over 130 scientific manuscripts and book chapters, and they recently co-edited a book on the Cell Biology of Addiction. Along with their collaborators, they are the recipient of 19 patents.
Honours
Them co-discovery of altropane was recognized by the Association of University Technology Managers in 2006.
References
External links
PubMed search for articles by Bertha Madras
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Office of National Drug Control Policy officials
McGill University alumni
Harvard Medical School faculty
Women medical researchers
University of Toronto faculty
Women biochemists
The Tennessee Volunteers women's rowing team is the most recently added sport at the University of Tennessee (UT). The team began in 1995 and since then has grown to new heights. Since 2014, the team has competed in the Big 12 Conference, which took over the rowing league formerly operated by Conference USA. UT is joined in Big 12 rowing by one of its historic rivals in its all-sports league, the Southeastern Conference, in Alabama. The Volunteers, then known as Lady Volunteers, won their first conference championship in 2010.
Along with other UT women's sports teams, it used the nickname "Lady Volunteers" (or the short form "Lady Vols") until the 2015–16 school year, when the school dropped the "Lady" prefix from the nicknames of all women's teams except in basketball. In 2017 the “Lady Vol” name was reinstated.
Overview
During Lisa Glenn's 19-year stint at UT they have helped guide the 22-year program to seven appearances at the NCAA Championships, including three consecutive full-team selections in 2006, 2007, and 2008. Glenn helped propel the Lady Vols to new heights in the 2010 season, leading the Lady Vols to its first-ever Conference-USA rowing championship. Glenn was also named C-USA Coach of the Year for their efforts in helping the Lady Vols accomplish this historic achievement. Under Glenn's guidance, senior Laura Miller was named the C-USA rower of the year, while three other Lady Vols captured All-Conference honors. Glenn is only the second coach in Lady Vol rowing history, Glenn has a strong track record of producing stellar student-athletes. Five Lady Vols have taken home All-America accolades. Former rower Erin-Monique Shelton garnered second-team honors for the third consecutive year in 2008, joining Chelsea Pemberton as the only Tennessee rowers to earn All-America honors three times in a row.
In 2007-08, the Lady Vol rowing team garnered new heights for the program. For the first time in Tennessee history, Head Coach Lisa Glenn guided one of their shells to the grand finals at the NCAA Championship, and the team's third consecutive full-team appearance at the event. The fifth-place showing by the 2V8+ in the grand final was the programs best finish.
Tennessee Boathouse
When Coach Lisa Glenn arrived at UT they had a vision of a state of the art boat house for the Lady Vols rowing team to call home. Ground work for the Tennessee Boathouse began in September 1999 when the first shovel was driven into the ground on the north side of the Tennessee River. Now over ten years later, they and the team have a place to call home for the newest sports program at Tennessee. The three-story building is the permanent home of the University of Tennessee Lady Volunteer Rowing Team. The facility, located directly across the street from Neyland Stadium on the waterfront, anchors the west end of Knoxville's Volunteer Landing waterfront development and jettisons 40-feet out over the water with balconies overlooking the Tennessee River. The structure stands beside the "Vol Navy" docks. The 180-foot floating dock has enough space to launch three eights at once. The ground level boat bay holds 26 boats including singles, pairs, quads, fours and eights. The Tennessee River can be viewed through windows spanning the entire south wall.
All-Americans
The Tennessee Volunteers rowing team has featured seven USRowing All-Americans/CRCA Pocock All-Americans
Amy Delashmit - 1997 USRowing All-American
Kaitlin Bargreen - 2003 CRCA Pocock 1st Team All-American & 2005 CRCA Pocock 2nd Team All-American
Chelsea Pemberton - 2003, 2005 CRCA Pocock 2nd Team All-American & 2004 CRCA Pocock 1st Team All-American
Andrea Bagwell - 2005 CRCA Pocock 2nd Team All-American
Erin-Monique Shelton - 2006, 2007, 2008 CRCA Pocock 2nd Team All-American
Laura Miller - 2010 CRCA Pocock 2nd Team All-American
Erika Lauderdale - 2012 CRCA Pocock 2nd Team All-American
See also
NCAA Rowing Championship
References
External links
Rowing
College rowing teams in the United States
1995 establishments in Tennessee
Sport clubs established in 1995
Women's rowing in the United States
Women in Tennessee
Edward Murawinski (born November 3, 1951 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American cartoonist. They were formerly employed by the New York Daily News in New York City as an artist and is currently a member of the National Cartoonist Society. They attended Manhattan's School of Visual Arts and was employed by the Daily News from 1968 to 2015.
Early life
Murawinski was born on November 3, 1951 in Jersey City, New Jersey to Walter A. Murawinski, a supervisor with the U.S. Postal Service, and their wife, Anna. They have two brothers, Walter and Joseph, and two sisters, Agnes and Mary, the latter of whom worked as a graphic designer. Murawinski grew up in North Bergen, New Jersey, constantly drawing and doodling from an early age, explaining, "We didn't have art classes when I went to St. Joseph of the Palisades. So I spent a lot of time just doodling on the back of notebooks and what have you." After graduating from high school in 1969, Murawinski attended the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan.
Career
Around the same time, a neighborhood friend told them that the New York Daily News was looking for copy boys. The 17-year-old Murawinski got one of those positions, running copy, fetching coffee, and doing other errands for different departments.
Until September 2015, Murawinski was a cartoonist primarily for the sports department, but also illustrated certain political events such as the New York Mayoral Election. Many of the newspaper's sport section pages were laid out by Murawinski. They continue to do freelance work for the paper, such as for the 2015 World Series. The National Cartoonists Society nominated them for a Reuben Award for newspaper illustration in 2002, 2008, and 2015.
Murawinski currently does freelance work under the name Spilled Ink Studios and Sluice Box Media.
References
Bibliography
Hague, Jim. "He drew Steinbrenner in a diaper: NB native went from classroom doodles to Daily News sports cartoons", The Hudson Reporter, October 22, 2006, retrieved November 24, 2006.
Ball, Ryan. "Cartoonists to Be Honored", Animation Magazine, May 21, 2003, retrieved November 24, 2006.
1951 births
American cartoonists
Living people
Artists from Jersey City, New Jersey
People from North Bergen, New Jersey
School of Visual Arts alumni
Fonoimoana is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eric Fonoimoana (born 1969), American beach volleyball player, Olympic gold medalist
Falyn Fonoimoana (born 1996), American indoor and beach volleyball player
Lelei Fonoimoana (born 1958), American swimmer, Olympic silver medalist
Surnames from given names
Russian Internet restriction bill (; Federal law of Russian Federation no. 139-FZ of 2012-07-28) is a law passed by the Russian State Duma in 2012 which replaced procedure of shutting down telecom operators by prosecutors' orders with a blacklist of Internet sites containing alleged child pornography, drug-related material, extremist material, and other content illegal in Russia. This blacklist was supposed to be implemented and supervised by a self-regulating NGO of Internet users, but it was never created and this duty was assumed by government agency Roskomnadzor. The bill also introduced several other changes in the law, including liability for providers of telecom services for failing to protect children. Some critics expressed concern that the bill could be used to censor the Internet. Others noted that it would be expensive and, as written, contained many technical problems that would negatively impact legitimate Internet use.
History
According to the news agency RIA Novosti, Russia's League for Internet Safety () pushed for the bill, after claiming to have broken up an Internet-based pedophile ring. Retired Communications and Mass Media Minister Igor Shchyogolev heads the group's board of trustees.
The bill no. 89417-6 was introduced in the Duma on June 7, 2012; it was given first reading on July 6 and both second and third readings on July 11. On July 18, 2012, the law was approved by the Federation Council.
The bill passed unanimously by the Russian Duma, with support of all four parties. Two lawmakers are publicly known for an active support
of the Internet censorship bill: Ilya Ponomarev and Yelena Mizulina.
On the day of second reading, the Russian Wikipedia staged a protest by shutting down its site.
Internet Registry
The Blacklist or Registry is created by amending the Federal Law of July 27, 2006 No. 149-FZ "On Information, Information Technologies and Information Protection." The bill would add a new Article 15: "Uniform registry of domain names and (or) the universal locators to pages of sites on the Internet and network addresses of sites on the Internet that contain information prohibited to spread in the Russian Federation." It would create a registry of domain names with the URLs and network addresses of web pages that contain illegal information. The jurisdiction of the proposed registry would be under a Russian non-profit organization.
The mentioned identifiers of websites would be included into the Registry based on:
decisions made by the federal executive authorities of the Russian Federation with respect to:
Child pornography or solicitation to participate in such;
Information about methods of making, using, getting or locating narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances or their precursors (acetone, potassium permanganate, sulfuric acid, hydrochloric acid, acetic acid); or growing plants containing narcotic drugs;
Information about methods of suicide and calls for suicide. (suicide is a serious problem in Russia, especially amongst young people)
a court decision proclaiming some Internet-distributed information as prohibited to be spread in Russia.
Hosting providers, site owners, and ISPs
When a site is added to the registry, the web hosting provider must within days inform the owner about the situation and the need for removal of content. The site owner must, within days of the receipt of the notification from the hosting provider, remove the page or pages with the offending content. If the site owner fails to do so, the hosting provider is obliged to restrict Internet access to the site.
If the site owner fails to remove the pages as demanded, or if the hosting provider and owner of the site of these fails to restrict access to the site, the site's network address is added to the government's registry.
Internet Service Providers are required to restrict access to addresses listed in the proposed registry. The legislation ignores the fact that the same IP address may in fact be used by several thousand sites (earlier that year some ISPs have already blocked such an IP address included in the Federal List of Extremist Materials).
Decisions on inclusion in the registry of domain names, links to website pages and site network addresses can only be appealed in court for a limited 3-month period.
Other changes
The bill also made several other amendments. One change to the previously enacted Federal Law of December 29, 2010, No. 436-FZ (On Protecting Children from Information Harmful to Their Health and Development), requires content labelling. Thus, each Internet page (or site) with “harmful” information as listed in article 5 of the law would have been required to mark the site with special symbols or icons for the five categories of visitors: (0–6 years, 6–12 years, 12–16 years, 16–18 years of age, and older than 18 years). Some of the changes define the form of the icons (such as “18+” or “information for persons over 18 years old”) and exclude from this marking requirement Internet communications, except for mass media sites (“сетевые издания”), for which user comments are excluded.
Another amendment was proposed to the Code of the Russian Federation on Administrative Violations. It would provide for liability for Internet Service Providers not using software and hardware to protect children from information harmful to their health and (or) development.
The amendment to the Federal Law of July 7, 2003 No. 126-FZ (On communications) would renew the principle that restriction of access to information through the Internet is regulated by the Federal Law "On Information, Information Technologies and Information Protection."
Criticism
The Presidential Council for the Development of Civil Society Institutions and Human Rights criticized the bill for several reasons:
"The bill is not aimed at combating the causes of illegal content and its distribution on the Internet and will not contribute to the effectiveness of law enforcement and prosecution of criminals, who will be able to migrate resources from illegal content in other domains and IP addresses. At the same time, many bona fide Internet resources with legal content may be affected by the mass blocking, since the system would impose severe restrictions on the basis of subjective criteria and assessments, which will make the Russian jurisdiction extremely unattractive for Internet businesses."
Communications and Mass Media Minister Nikolai Nikiforov tweeted about problems with the bill, according to The Moscow Times.
See also
Russian Internet blacklist
Golden Shield Project (Great Chinese Firewall)
Protecting Children from Internet Pornographers Act of 2011
Federal Service for Supervision of Communications, Information Technology and Mass Media
Censorship
Internet censorship
Freedom of the press in the Russian Federation
References
Computing legislation
Internet censorship in Russia
Law of Russia
2012 in Russia
2012 in law
Blacklisting
ru:Федеральный закон № 398-ФЗ от 28 декабря 2013 года
Kamil Vacek (born 18 May 1987) is a Czech footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Pardubice.
Club career
In 2011, they signed for Chievo making their debut in Serie A on 11 September, in a 2–2 draw against Novara. In last matchday of season, scored their only goal in Italy causing relegation - to Serie B - for Lecce.
On 28 October 2012, in a match against Napoli, was sent off after two yellow cards. In 2013 they return in the Czech Republic.
On 30 August 2017, they signed a contract with Śląsk Wrocław.
Vacek returned home and signed with Bohemians 1905 half season loan deal on 28 January 2019 from their Danish club OB. On 1 July 2019 OB announced, that they had terminated the contract of the player by mutual consent and that they would continue their career at Bohemians 1905.
Honours
Czech Supercup: 2010
Czech First League Winner: 2009–10
Czech First League runner-up: 2007–08, 2008–09, 2010–11
References
External links
Kamil Vacek at FAČR
1987 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
Czech Republic international footballers
SK Sigma Olomouc players
Arminia Bielefeld players
AC Sparta Prague players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
FK Mladá Boleslav players
Piast Gliwice players
Śląsk Wrocław players
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Odense Boldklub players
Bohemians 1905 players
Czech expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Bundesliga players
Czech First League players
Serie A players
Ekstraklasa players
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
Israeli Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
People from Ústí nad Orlicí
FK Pardubice players
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Sportspeople from the Pardubice Region
In numerical mathematics, the boundary knot method (BKM) is proposed as an alternative boundary-type meshfree distance function collocation scheme.
Recent decades have witnessed a research boom on the meshfree numerical PDE techniques since the construction of a mesh in the standard finite element method and boundary element method is not trivial especially for moving boundary, and higher-dimensional problems. The boundary knot method is different from the other methods based on the fundamental solutions, such as boundary element method, method of fundamental solutions and singular boundary method in that the former does not require special techniques to cure the singularity. The BKM is truly meshfree, spectral convergent (numerical observations), symmetric (self-adjoint PDEs), integration-free, and easy to learn and implement. The method has successfully been tested to the Helmholtz, diffusion, convection-diffusion, and Possion equations with very irregular 2D and 3D domains.
Description
The BKM is basically a combination of the distance function, non-singular general solution, and dual reciprocity method (DRM). The distance function is employed in the BKM to approximate the inhomogeneous terms via the DRM, whereas the non-singular general solution of the partial differential equation leads to a boundary-only formulation for the homogeneous solution. Without the singular fundamental solution, the BKM removes the controversial artificial boundary in the method of fundamental solutions. Some preliminary numerical experiments show that the BKM can produce excellent results with relatively a small number of nodes for various linear and nonlinear problems.
Formulation
Consider the following problems,
(1)
(2)
(3)
where is the differential operator, represents the computational domain, and denote the Dirichlet and Neumann boundaries respectively, satisfied and .
The BKM employs the non-singular general solution of the operator to approximate the numerical solution as follows,
(4)
where denotes the Euclidean distance, is the general solution satisfied
(5)
By employing the collocation technique to satisfy the boundary conditions (2) and (3),
(6)
where and denotes the collocation points located at Dirichlet boundary and Neumann boundary respectively. The unknown coefficients can be uniquely determined by above Eq. (6). And then the BKM solution at any location of computational domain can be evaluated by the formulation (4).
History and recent developments
It has long been noted that boundary element method (BEM) is an alternative method to finite element method (FEM) and finite volume method (FVM) for infinite domain, thin-walled structures, and inverse problems, thanks to its dimensional reducibility. The major bottlenecks of BEM, however, are computationally expensive to evaluate integration of singular fundamental solution and to generate surface mesh or re-mesh. The method of fundamental solutions (MFS) has in recent decade emerged to alleviate these drawbacks and getting increasing attentions. The MFS is integration-free, spectral convergence and meshfree.
As its name implies, the fundamental solution of the governing equations is used as the basis function in the MFS. To avoid singularity of the fundamental solution, the artificial boundary outside the physical domain is required and has been a major bottleneck for the wide use of the MFS, since such fictitious boundary may cause computational instability. The BKM is classified as one kind of boundary-type meshfree methods without using mesh and artificial boundary.
The BKM has since been widely tested. In, the BKM is used to solve Laplace equation, Helmholtz Equation, and varying-parameter Helmholtz equations; in by analogy with Fasshauer's Hermite RBF interpolation, a symmetric BKM scheme is proposed in the presence of mixed boundary conditions; in, numerical investigations are made on the convergence of BKM in the analysis of homogeneous Helmholtz, modified Helmholtz and convection-diffusion problems; in the BKM is employed to deal with complicated geometry of two and three dimension Helmholtz and convection-diffusion problems; in membrane vibration under mixed-type boundary conditions is investigated by symmetric boundary knot method; in the BKM is applied to some inverse Helmholtz problems; in the BKM solves Poisson equations; in the BKM calculates Cauchy inverse inhomogeneous Helmholtz equations; in the BKM simulates the anisotropic problems via the geodesic distance; in
relationships among condition number, effective condition number, and regularizations are investigated; in heat conduction in nonlinear functionally graded material is examined by the BKM; in the BKM is also used to solve nonlinear Eikonal equation.
See also
Method of fundamental solutions
Regularized meshfree method
Boundary particle method
Singular boundary method
References
Related website
Boundary knot method
Examplary Matlab codes and geometric configurations
Numerical analysis
Numerical differential equations
Julius Isserlis (26 October (OS) / 7 November 1888 – 23 July 1968) was a Russian pianist and composer.
They were born in Kishinev, Russian Empire (now Chișinău, Republic of Moldova), to a Jewish family. Their father was cantor in a synagogue, and also worked as an itinerant dentist; their mother was a midwife. They started playing the piano at the age of four, and showed such precocity that they were entered into the Kiev Conservatory when they were nine; but their professor there, Włodzimierz Puchalski, soon sent them to Moscow to study with Vasily Safonov at the Moscow Conservatory. Here they also studied composition, under Sergei Taneyev. They graduated at the age of sixteen, winning the gold medal of the Conservatory.
In 1907 Isserlis travelled to Paris to take lessons from Charles-Marie Widor. They made a brief trip to the United States, playing a concert in the Carnegie Hall, New York (having been recommended as a soloist by Alexander Scriabin). Returning to Russia, they were appointed as a professor at the College of the Imperial Philharmonic Society.
In 1916 they met, and soon afterwards married, Rita Rauchwerger, a pianist from a wealthy family in Odessa. Their son George was born in 1917, the year of the Russian Revolution. In 1919 they attempted, unsuccessfully, to escape from Odessa on a British ship. Submitting to the new Communist regime, Isserlis was put work playing the piano for workers in factories and other institutions, often in harsh conditions. In 1922 Isserlis was one of twelve musicians chosen by Lenin, who would be permitted to travel abroad as musical ambassadors for the newly-formed Soviet Union; none of the twelve returned to Russia.
Isserlis arrived in Vienna in 1923 with their wife and son, never to return to Russia again. Vienna had a very active musical scene, and they were able to build a career there as pianist, composer and teacher. They were in touch with other Russian émigrés; Nathan Milstein and Josef Lhévinne are among those known to have visited them during this time.
At the Anschluss in 1938, Isserlis, fortuitously, was on tour in Britain. They were granted British residency, and was soon joined there by their wife and son. Other Russian émigrés in London included Nicolai Medtner and Benno Moiseiwitsch, with both of whom Isserlis was on friendly terms. Now in their fifties, they worked hard to rebuild their career as a pianist once more; they frequently featured on the BBC Third Programme, and they toured the country with the Wessex Philharmonic. In 1963 they developed Parkinson's disease, and they died in 1968 in London, at the age of 79.  They are buried in Bushey Jewish Cemetery.
Isserlis recorded very little; their one commercial recording, of Scriabin's 24 Preludes, Op. 11, was made after the effects of Parkinson's disease had started to affect their pianism. However, some recordings made in Poland before the War survive, as do several BBC tapes.
Their compositional output is small, and consists mainly of short piano pieces. One exception is the Ballade in A minor for cello and piano; this was dedicated to Pablo Casals, who corresponded with the composer suggesting various changes. Isserlis's most important influence was Chopin, and they were also inspired by Rachmaninoff, Ravel and Debussy. A recording of their music, played by pianist Sam Haywood (joined by cellist Steven Isserlis, the composer's grandson, for the Ballade in A minor), has been issued by Hyperion Records.
Isserlis's three grandchildren, Annette, Rachel and Steven, are all professional musicians.  They are commemorated in Britain by the biennial award of the Julius Isserlis Scholarship by the Royal Philharmonic Society; the Scholarship was first awarded in 1980 following a bequest of Cecilia Helen Northcote.
References
1968 deaths
1888 births
Musicians from Chișinău
People from Kishinyovsky Uyezd
Moldovan Jews
Russian classical composers
Russian male classical composers
Jewish classical composers
20th-century classical composers
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Jewish classical pianists
20th-century Russian male musicians
District 2 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Douglas, Jackson, and Josephine counties. The most recent representative for the district was Republican Gary Leif of Roseburg until their death on July 22, 2021.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Douglas County, Oregon
Jackson County, Oregon
Josephine County, Oregon
Diszel (Tapolca Diszel ) is an outer suburb of Tapolca in Veszprém county, Hungary. Situated in the Tapolca Basin, Diszel is rich in spectacular geological heritage and historical monuments. Diszel is considered one of the most beautiful areas of the country.
History
Diszel has a long history. In 1920, artifacts have been found in the area from the Bronze Age, along with Roman ruins. The area was part of Pannonia province of the Roman Empire. According to popular etymology, the name Diszel was derived from the Hungarian expression "Díszhely" (fancy place), referring to its beauty. The name was first mentioned in 1247. In 1255, the settlement was mentioned officially as Terra nomine Dezl and also as nobiles de Dezl. In 1329, it was called Dyzl, which resembles the current name.
Although the settlement has been home for farmers and ranchers for centuries, Diszel has cultural significance as well. Several artists live in and in the vicinity of Diszel. Even celebrities find retreat in the surrounding hills and spend several months here each year.
Poet and literary historian István Péter Németh from Tapolca wrote several poems and articles on Diszel and its surroundings, including "Diszel 1848", "Drawing-board is my professorate", "Greeting from Csobánc", and "The Requiem of Csobánc".
Once a village, Diszel lost its municipal independence in 1977, when it became a suburb of Tapolca. Since then, it has been referred to as Tapolca-Diszel for years, which is now often written as Tapolca (Diszel).
Geography
Diszel is in the Tapolca Basin surrounded by hills of volcanic origin.
The area is part of the Balaton Uplands National Park.
Its proximity to Lake Balaton makes Diszel an ideal destination for both hikers and tourists.
Notable sights
Despite the relatively small size of the settlement, there are many sights to see. Diszel has many architectural treasures, including ancient monuments, old watermill ruins, sculptures, and exhibitions. There is a museum and two galleries in Diszel.
Dating back to the 18th century, a narrow stone bridge connects the banks of Eger Creek in the center.
The backyard of the Local Community Centre gives place to a sculpture exhibition. Several grave monuments of nobles as well as memorials from World War II are placed in the cemetery.
In Diszel there is a riding-hall called "Lightning" (Villám Lovaspanzió ). Riding tours are organized to the hill Csobánc, which is a nice destination not only for equestrians, but hikers and paragliders as well. On the top of the hill there are castle ruins that survived five centuries.
"Roman bridge"
The "Roman bridge" of Diszel has been ordered by the then Zala county. The bridge that can be seen today has been built in summer 1793 by stonemason Károly Schraz from Sümeg.
Sculpture of St. John of Nepomuk
The sculpture of the patron saint of Bohemia, St. John of Nepomuk can be found on the "Roman bridge" of Diszel.
Church
The original church of Diszel had been built in the 13th century, however, it has been destroyed by the Turks during the Ottoman–Hungarian Wars.
The church of the local parish was built in the 18th century, preserving carvings from the Roman Times.
The organ of the church was built in the late 19th century, is still functional and used during masses.
World War I Monument
In the center there is a monument of World War I soldiers. 52 names are listed.
First Hungarian Spectacle Collection
The "First Hungarian Spectacle Collection" (Első Magyar Látványtár ) is the museum of Diszel. It provides exhibitions on various topics in every 2–3 years. Situated in the reconstructed building of an old watermill, the museum has a cheerful café and a large yard with the Csobánc in the background. It is an ideal place for literary premiere and musical performances.
Tisza-Kalmár Gallery
Tisza-Kalmár Galéria is the gallery of the artist György Tisza-Kalmár.  They are a polyhistor with a wide range of artwork, including drawings, paintings, graphic arts, Coat of Arms, and woodcrafts. The exhibition room can be found in the proximity of the church.
Retro Exchange Gallery
The "Retro Exchange Gallery" (Retro Anyagcsere Galéria ) was opened in 2009. It is a constantly changing collection of artwork, tools, and old-fashioned clothes that can be exchanged for other "treasures".
The castle ruins of "Csobánc"
The closest hill to the South is called Csobánc with a height of 376 m. A walking trail leads from the village to the castle ruins. Due to its thermodynamic features it is an ideal spot for paragliding and ultralight trikes. Hiking and geocaching are also popular activities around the area.
Associations
The Sport Association of Diszel
Diszel has a football team. Their colors, yellow and blue, are represented also on the Coat of arms of Diszel.
Talented Youth Association Diszel
The "Talented Youth Association Diszel" (Talentum Ifjúsági Egyesület Diszel ) is a popular team of enthusiastic, devoted youngsters. The name is some kind of agnomination since TIED is not just the abbreviation of the official name but has the meaning 'yours'.
TIED often contributes to various community activities either as a participant or organizer, including several programmes, the annual grape harvest festival, or creek bank cleaning.
The major aims of the association are
Collection and transmission of folk art and cultural values, including spiritual, musical, dance and architectural traditions
Organization of youth programmes, including artistic and sports programmes, travelling, hiking, theatricals, concerts, and exhibitions
Tradition preservation
Protection of natural treasures of the Balaton Uplands
Encouragement of amateur artists and artistic activities
In 2010, TIED published a DVD on Diszel as a participant of the European Union project 'Youth in Action'.
"Corrosion Removers"
The local oldtimer club Association of Oldtimers "Corrosion Removers" (Rozsdamarók Veteránjármű Egyesülete ) was founded in 2000. A traditional oldtimer motorcycle meeting is held around Midsummer Day annually. Additionally, tours are organized throughout the year. Media appearances are frequent, especially in the press. The association has international reputation.
References
Populated places in Veszprém County
Knox County is a county located in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,607. Its county seat is Rockland. The county is named for American Revolutionary War general and Secretary of War Henry Knox, who lived in the county from 1795 until their death in 1806. The county was established on April 1, 1860, and is the most recent county to be created in Maine. It was carved from parts of Waldo and Lincoln counties. The Union Fair, started in 1868, began as the efforts of the North Knox Agricultural and Horticultural Society.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (68%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Maine by land area. It was originally part of the Waldo Patent.
Adjacent counties
Lincoln County – west
Waldo County – north
Hancock County – northeast
National protected areas
Franklin Island National Wildlife Refuge
Seal Island National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 39,618 people, 16,608 households, and 10,728 families living in the county. The population density was 108 people per square mile (42/km2). There were 21,612 housing units at an average density of 59 per square mile (23/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.28% White, 0.24% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.12% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. 0.57% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 25.4% were of English, 12.2% Irish, 11.7% United States or American, 7.5% German and 5.7% French ancestry. 97.1% spoke English and 1.5% French as their first language.
Of the 16,608 households 28.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.20% were married couples living together, 9.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.40% were non-families. 29.00% of households were one person and 12.70% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.83.
The age distribution was 22.40% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 27.40% from 25 to 44, 26.70% from 45 to 64, and 17.20% 65 or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 95.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median household income was $36,774 and the median family income was $43,819. Males had a median income of $30,704 versus $22,382 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,981. About 6.40% of families and 10.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.90% of those under age 18 and 8.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
At the 2010 census, there were 39,736 people, 17,258 households, and 10,662 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 23,744 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.1% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.3% were English, 19.0% were Irish, 12.8% were German, 6.9% were Scottish, and 5.9% were American.
Of the 17,258 households, 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.2% were non-families, and 31.0% of households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.75. The median age was 46.2 years.
The median household income was $45,264 and the median family income was $55,830. Males had a median income of $40,712 versus $29,732 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,291. About 7.9% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.5% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
In 2012, Knox County voted 55% in favor of a measure to legalize same-sex marriage.
Voter registration
|}
Communities
City
Rockland (county seat)
Towns
Appleton
Camden
Cushing
Friendship
Hope
Isle au Haut
North Haven
Owls Head
Rockport
Saint George
South Thomaston
Thomaston
Union
Vinalhaven
Warren
Washington
Plantation
Matinicus Isle
Unorganized territories
Criehaven
Muscle Ridge Islands
Census-designated places
Camden
Thomaston
Other unincorporated villages
Glen Cove
Hibberts Corner
Port Clyde
West Rockport
Public buildings
An addition to the Knox County Courthouse designed by Scott Simons Architects was completed 2005. It is connected to an annex built in 1977 that is adjacent to the historic, original building that was finished in 1874.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Knox County, Maine
Historical United States Census totals for Knox County, Maine
References
External links
Official site of Knox County
Knox County Charter
Maine Genealogy: Knox County, Maine
Maine counties
1860 establishments in Maine
Populated places established in 1860
Amir Qizilbash (1943 – 2003) was a famous shayar (poet) and a film songs lyricist. They were born in Delhi, India in 1943 and died in 2003.  They are well known for their lyrical work in Indian films Prem Rog (1982) and Ram Teri Ganga Maili (1985).
Popular songs
Meri Qismet Mein Tu Nahin Shaaid, sung by Suresh Wadkar and Lata Mangeshkar, music of Laxmikant–Pyarelal in film Prem Rog (1982)
Mein Hi Mein Hoon, sung by Suresh Wadkar, music by Ravindra Jain in film Ram Teri Ganga Maili (1985)
Poetry books
Baaz Gasht (1974)
Inkaar (1976)
Shikayatein Meri (1979)
Kulliyaat Amir Qazalbash (2006)
References
External links
Filmography of Amir Qazalbash as film songwriter on IMDb website
1943 births
2003 deaths
People from Delhi
Indian Muslims
Indian lyricists
Urdu-language poets from India
Nikita Valeryevich Vasilyev (; born 22 March 1992) is a Russian professional football player. They play for FC Zorkiy Krasnogorsk.
Club career
They made their Russian Premier League debut for FC Rostov on 22 June 2011 in a game against FC Tom Tomsk.
References
External links
1992 births
Sportspeople from Pskov
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Russian Premier League players
FC Rostov players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
FC Nizhny Novgorod (2015) players
FC Zenit-Izhevsk players
FC Hvardiyets Hvardiiske players
The Quantum Learning Network (QLN) is an education and training organization based in Oceanside, California. Prior to 2005, the organization was known as the Learning Forum.
The QLN's flagship program is SuperCamp, a summer camp program developed initially by Bobbi DePorter, Eric Jensen and Greg Simmons in 1982, designed to introduce teenagers to accelerated learning academic skills and valuable life skills. The SuperCamp program is now held annually at several locations across the United States and around the world. Since 1982, more than 40,000 students worldwide have attended SuperCamp.
The QLN also regularly runs Quantum Learning for Students, Quantum Learning for Teachers, Quantum Learning for Administrators and Quantum Learning for Business programs for schools, school districts and corporations. QLN's programs have been held across the world in countries including Canada, Mexico, Bermuda, the Dominican Republic, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Russia, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Thailand, South Korea, Taiwan and China. QLN also produces books, video and audiotapes, CDs and computer products about academic and life skills which are available around the world.
The QLN's founder and President is Bobbi DePorter, an educator and business person who in the 1970s studied with Dr. Georgi Lozanov, who developed accelerated learning, and applied their methods to business and education.
Over the years, the QLN has been profiled in several publications including The Wall Street Journal, Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times and USA Today. Stories about QLN have also appeared on over 100 television and radio programs in the US and other countries. QLN's SuperCamp was honored in the "Touch America: Showcase of Model Learning Programs" held in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Quantum Learning Network website
Organizations established in 1982
Companies based in San Diego County, California
Education in San Diego County, California
Educational organizations based in the United States
Oceanside, California
Lees Camp or Lee's Camp may refer to:
Lee, California
Lees Camp, Oregon
Barbara Caroline Scholz (August 29, 1947 – May 14, 2011) was an American philosopher of science, with a particular focus on the philosophy of cognitive science and linguistics. They taught at the University of Toledo, at the University of California, Santa Cruz, and at San Jose State University. They were a fellow of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University in 2005–2006. From 1994 until their death in 2011, they were married to linguist Geoffrey K. Pullum.
References
1947 births
2011 deaths
American women philosophers
20th-century American philosophers
Philosophers of science
People from Troy, Ohio
Urbana University alumni
Andover Newton Theological School alumni
Ohio State University alumni
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
University of Toledo faculty
University of California, Santa Cruz faculty
San Jose State University faculty
20th-century American women
Radcliffe fellows
Philosophers of linguistics
21st-century American women
Sree Pushpakabrahmana Seva Sangham (SPSS) is a registered charitable organisation which works for the progress of Pushpaka Brahmins, a group of culturally identical Brahmin castes like Pushpaka Unnis, Theeyatt Unnis, Kurukkals, Nambeesans etc. in Kerala.
Affiliation
Sree Pushpakabrahmana Seva Sangham is affiliated to the Kerala Brahmin Federation (AKBF), a branch of All India Brahmin Federation (AIBF).
Organisation structure and membership
Sree Pushpakabrahmana Seva Sangham is organised in three tiers - Kendra Prathinidhi Sabha (Central Council), Jilla Prathinidhi Sabha (District Council) and Pradesika Sabha (Regional Council).
Zones
The districts are grouped under three zones for more co-ordination of activities. They are Dakshinamekhala (South Zone), Madhyamekhala (Central Zone) and Uttaramekhala (North Zone).
Publications
SPSS publishes a monthly magazine called "Pushpakadhwani", meaning "Voice of Pushpakas". SPSS also publishes books on art and cultural topics such as Koodiyattam, Brahmanipatt, Theeyaatt, Shodasa Samskaras etc. Calendars and Diaries are also published annually.
Political influence
Sree Pushpaka Brahmana Seva Sangham works as a pressure group and works towards greater political representation of Pushpaka Brahmins in governance. SPSS was able to bring forward various issues related to reservation in various political and social systems. However, it is not an influential community organisation in Kerala politics.
References
Non-profit organisations based in India
Organisations based in Thiruvananthapuram
Organisations based in Kerala
Religious organisations based in India
1968 establishments in Kerala
Religious organizations established in 1968
The National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Merit Badge (, FAKGFt/SFt) is a Swedish merit badge awarded by the National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps (FAK) for meritorious work and good personal efforts within FAK's area of activity or within activities particularly benefiting the FAK.
History
The medal was established in 1934 as the Swedish Voluntary Motor Transport Corps Medal of Merit (). In 1948, the medal change name to Swedish Voluntary Motor Transport Corps Merit Badge (). In 1958, it became the National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Merit Badge (, FAKGFt/SFt).
Appearance
Medal
The merit badge in gold (gilded bronze) and in silver (silver-plated bronze) are embossed in octagonal shape, 32x32 mm, and bears on the obverse the FAK's mirror monogram crowned by the royal crown in pearl frame and on the back in pearl frame, the inscription: "To N.N. for merits of the Voluntary Motor Transport Corps" and the year of awarding.
Ribbon
Divided in blue and yellow moiré.
Criteria
The national chief of the corps decides on the award.
Gold
to an individual, who through personal effort has benefited the FAK through particularly deserving activity for as a rule at least 7 years.
to foreign nationals as honors for merits of the FAK.
Silver
to an individual, who through personal effort has benefited the FAK through meritorious activities for as a rule at least 3 years.
Presenting
In addition to the national chief of the corps, the deputy national chief of the corps, the members of the national corps board and union boards have the right to make proposals regarding the awarding of the award. An individual member has the right to submit to the union chief in their or their own union a proposal for the award of the award in accordance with regulations issued by the union board.
Awards must be handed over to the recipient in solemn forms - for example at the national assembly or the union assembly.
Wearing
The gold and silver medals are worn on the left side of the chest in a vertically divided yellow and blue ribbon.
See also
National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Medal of Merit
Footnotes
References
Notes
Print
Orders, decorations, and medals of Sweden
Awards established in 1934
1934 establishments in Sweden
Neureichenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The Leota Plantation was a historic large forced-labor farm on the banks of the Mississippi River in Washington County, Mississippi. It was established in 1825 and destroyed by a flood in 1930.
History
The plantation was established in 1825 by Isaac Worthington, a Kentucky-born veteran of the War of 1812. They named it after their daughter Annie's favorite fictional character in 1829. Worthington lived here with their wife, Ann Taylor, their children (including future sheriff Thomas Worthington), and the Black people they enslaved.
By 1858, Worthington built a mansion to serve as main residence and headquarters of the forced-labor farm, which also acted as a town, partly due to its location on the shipping route between Memphis, Tennessee, and Vicksburg, Mississippi. They also built "twelve stores, a post office", a school, and a church of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. The mansion was destroyed in a flood in 1883. In 1930, the entire plantation was taken over by another flood. An old cemetery is still visible.
An island on the Mississippi River called Worthington Island was named after the former plantation.
References
1825 establishments in Mississippi
1930 disestablishments in Mississippi
Houses completed in 1858
Houses in Washington County, Mississippi
Former buildings and structures in Mississippi
Demolished buildings and structures in Mississippi
Plantations in Mississippi
Dennis Glen Patterson (born December 30, 1948) is a politician and lawyer. They served as MLA for Frobisher Bay and Iqaluit from 1978 to 1995, as NWT Minister of Education, Justice and Municipal Affairs and was chosen as the fifth premier of Northwest Territories from 1987 to 1991. They headed the campaign that led to the creation of Nunavut in 1999.
Patterson is currently a member of the Law Society of Nunavut. In the past they have served as a director of the Northwest Territories Law Foundation and as chair of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut Legal Services Board until 2000. They became a private consultant in 2001.
Patterson was named to the Senate of Canada by Stephen Harper on August 27, 2009. They represented Nunavut as a Conservative until February 4, 2022, when they announced they would be leaving the Conservative Senators Group to join the Canadian Senators Group in protest over other Conservative members support of the "Freedom Convoy" protests.
References
External links
Official site
1948 births
Living people
21st-century Canadian politicians
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories
Members of the United Church of Canada
Politicians from Vancouver
Premiers of the Northwest Territories
Canadian senators from Nunavut
Canadian Senators Group
Conservative Party of Canada senators
Canadian lawyers
Lawyers in Nunavut
People from Iqaluit
Jhon Fredy Miranda Rada (born 7 March 1997) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a forward for Tampico Madero.
Career
Before the second half of 2015/16, Miranda joined the youth academy of Italian Serie A side Chievo.
Before the 2017 season, they signed for Unión Magdalena in the Colombian second division.
References
External links
Colombia youth international footballers
Colombian footballers
Living people
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Association football forwards
1997 births
Colombian expatriate footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Categoría Primera A player
Cúcuta Deportivo footballers
Categoría Primera B players
Patriotas Boyacá footballers
Unión Magdalena footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Sportspeople from Magdalena Department
The 2020 West Virginia Democratic presidential primary was held on June 9, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, though it was originally scheduled for Tuesday, May 12, 2020. Had it been held on its scheduled date, it would've been one of two contests on that date in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The West Virginia primary is a semi-closed primary, with the state awarding 34 delegates, of which 28 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary.
The Associated Press declared that Joe Biden won the West Virginia Democratic presidential primary. Biden swept the state, winning all 55 counties, a stark reversal from 2016 when Bernie Sanders won all 55 counties, although Sanders had suspended their campaign prior to the state's primary. David Lee Rice, a U.S. Army veteran and resident of Parkersburg, West Virginia, received 8 percent of the vote; they did not appear on the ballot in any other state.
Procedure
West Virginia was the only state voting on June 9, 2020, in the Democratic primaries. Voting took place throughout the state from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p.m.
In the semi-closed primary, candidates must meet a threshold of 15 percent at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 28 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of the 28 pledged delegates, between 5 and 6 were allocated to each of the state's 3 congressional districts and another 3 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 5 at-large pledged delegates. These delegate totals do not account for pledged delegate bonuses or penalties from timing or clustering.
On Friday, June 12, 2020, national convention district-level delegates were nominated in district caucuses during the state convention. The state executive committee, meeting the following day, voted on the 5 pledged at-large and 3 PLEO delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. The 28 pledged delegates West Virginia sent to the national convention were joined by 6 unpledged PLEO delegates (5 members of the Democratic National Committee and one Senator).
Results
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
West Virginia Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
West Virginia Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
West Virginia Democratic primary, 2020
Mosambik Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada. It is about long and wide and lies at an elevation of . The primary inflow is the Magpie River from North Wejinabikun Lake on the west side of the lake, and there are several unnamed creek inflows, including one from Kabiskagami Lake on the southwest side. The primary outflow is also the Magpie River, which flows downstream from the north end of the lake towards Esnagi Lake, and eventually into Lake Superior.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Algoma District
Archibald MacKinnon (born January 13, 1937 in Cranbrook, British Columbia) is a Canadian competition rower and Olympic champion.
They received a gold medal in coxless fours at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, together with Lorne Loomer, Walter D'Hondt and Donald Arnold.
At the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, MacKinnon received a gold medal in eights. They received a silver medal in eights at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, as a member of the Canadian team.
Awards
MacKinnon was inducted into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1957,
the BC Sports Hall of Fame in 1966, and into University of British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame in 1993, together with the other members of the Olympic gold team.
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Canadian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Canada
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic silver medalists for Canada
Rowers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Cranbrook, British Columbia
Commonwealth Games medallists in rowing
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Rowers at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Stephen Northleigh (?1692-?1731), of Peamore, Exminster, Devon, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1713 to 1727.
Northleigh was the eldest surviving son of Henry Northleigh. Their father died in 1694, leaving them indebted estates, and they became the stepson of Edward Yarde. They matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford on 17 April 1711, aged 18. They married Margaret Davie, daughter of Sir William Davie, 4th Baronet of Creedy, Devon on 2 December 1714.
At the 1713 general election Northleigh was returned unopposed on the Yarde interest as Member of Parliament (MP) for Totnes. They were returned again at Totnes in 1715 but did not stand at the 1722 general election.
Northleigh probably died in 1731. They had married Margaret Davie, daughter of Sir William Davie, 4th Baronet of Creedy, Devon on 2 December 1714 and left two daughters. Their estate passed to their daughter Mary Northleigh, who married John Hippisley Coxe (1715-1769) of Ston Easton, Somerset.
References
1692 births
1731 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
is an inhabited island lying off the southern tip of the Kii Peninsula and the southernmost point of Honshū, Japan. It has an estimated population of around 2000, and is administratively part of the town of Kushimoto in Wakayama Prefecture. The island is approximately in length from east-to-west by north-to-south.
Geography
Kii Ōshima is located approximately one kilometer to the east of Cape Shionomisaki and the island of Myogajima, and 1.8 kilometers from mainland Honshu. It has an intricate ria coastline are is noted for sea cliffs on all sides except for its western end. Cape Kashinozaki extends from the eastern end of the island, and is surrounded by semi-submerged reefs and rocks. The island has a circumference of and an area of
The Kuroshio Current surrounds the island, forming a fertile fishing ground, and approximately 60% of the interior of the island is cultivated. There are several hamlets, located in the south of the island.
The island is connected to mainland Honshū by a series of three arch bridges. The road over the bridges opened to through traffic on September 8, 1999.
History
Fishermen from Taiji and Kushimoto have been using Kii Ōshima as a base for a long time. Ōshima Port, which is the center of the island, has prospered from the Edo period as both a fishing port and shelter for boats seeking protection from inclement weather on the coastal trading route between Osaka and the eastern provinces of Japan. Whaling has also been practiced for a long time, and Nippon Suisan Kaisha's whaling base was located at Ōshima Port.
The Japan-U.S. Friendship Memorial Hall on the island commemorates the visit of the trade vessels Lady Washington, under Captain John Kendrick, and Grace, under William Douglas, in 1791. These ships and their crews were the first American ships to visit Japan, but were turned away by officials of the Tokugawa shogunate under Japan's national seclusion policy at the time. .
The Kushimoto Turkish Memorial and Museum commemorates the victims of the Ottoman frigate Ertuğrul, which sank in a typhoon off of the island in 1890 with great loss of life.
The village of Ōshima was established on April 1, 1889 with the creation of the modern municipalities system. It was annexed by the town of Kushimoto on January 15, 1958.
Gallery
See also
Ōshima
Kashinozaki Lighthouse
References
External links
Islands of Wakayama Prefecture
Kushimoto, Wakayama
The diocese of Molfetta-Ruvo-Giovinazzo-Terlizzi () is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Apulia, southern Italy, which was established in 1986, when the diocese of Molfetta-Giovinazzo-Terlizzi was united with the diocese of Ruvo. Giovinazzo is only four miles south-east of Molfetta along the Adriatic coast, and Ruvo only ten miles inland to the south-west; Terlizzi is likewise only four miles from Molfetta, some four miles nearer than Ruvo. The historical diocese of Molfetta was expanded in 1818. The current diocese is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Bari-Bitonto.
History
The first bishop of Molfetta of whom there is any record was John, whose incumbency is referred to the year 1136. The see was at first suffragan of Bari, but in 1484 it became immediately dependent upon Rome. In 1818, it was enlarged with the territory of the suppressed diocese of Giovinazzo and diocese of Terlizzi, which were re-established in 1835, remaining united, aeque principaliter.
Pope Innocent VIII (Cibo) granted the diocese the privilege of being immediately subject to the Roman pontiff, without any other Metropolitan.
In 1600 the city of Molfetta had a population of around 10,000; in 1775 it was around 9,000. In the city were five religious houses for men, and one monastery of male monks. In 1775 there were four religious houses.
Under Bishop Simon Alopa the number of Canons in the Cathedral Chapter was fixed at twenty-four, reducing the number from thirty-six. In addition to the Canons there were six dignities in the Chapter, the Archdeacon, the Archpriest, two Primicerii (Cantores), the Penitentiary and the Sacristan. The current Chapter preserves these six dignities, but there are only eleven Canons and two Honorary Canons.
Bishops
Diocese of Molfetta
Latin Name: Melphictensis
Erected: 12th Century
to 1300
...
Ioannes (attested 1136)
Ioannes (attested 1179)
Accarinus (attested 1205 – 1218)
...
Risandus (attested 1222 – 1236)
...
Richardus ( – 5 August 1271)
Angelus Saracenus de Urbe (attested 1280 – 1287)
Paulus, O.Min. (9 December 1295 – ? )
1300 to 1600
Jacobus (attested 1321)
Leo (attested 1344)
Nicolaus (8 January 1375 – ? )
Simon de Lopa (6 October 1386 – 26 March 1401)
Ioannes Brancia (11 April 1401 – c. 1410)
Paulus de Joviniaco (c. 1410 – 1421?)
Pietro Piezi (18 Jul 1421 – 1427 Died)
Gentile del Monte (28 February 1427 – 1432)
Andreas de Rocha (16 November 1433 – 1472)
Leonardo Palmieri (23 July 1472 – September? 1472)
Cardinal Giovanni Battista Cibo (16 Sep 1472 – 29 Aug 1484) (Elected Pope Innocent VIII)
Angelo Lacerti (15 Sep 1484 – 1508 Died)
Alessio Celadoni di Celadonia (7 Jun 1508 – 1517 Died)
Cardinal Ferdinando Ponzetti (Poncetti) (20 Apr 1517 – 12 Jul 1518 Resigned)
Giacomo Ponzetti (Poncetti) (12 Jul 1518 – 1553 Resigned)
Nicola Maggiorani (Majorano) (15 Dec 1553 – 13 Mar 1566 Resigned)
Maggiorano Maggiorani (Majorano) (13 Mar 1566 – 31 Jul 1597 Died)
Offredo de Offredi (18 May 1598 – Jun 1606 Died)
1600 to 1833
Juan Antonio Bovio, O. Carm. (29 Jan 1607 – 12 Aug 1622 Died)
Giacinto Petroni, O.P. (5 Sep 1622 – Sep 1648 Died)
Giovanni Tommaso Pinelli, C.R. (18 May 1648 – 29 Mar 1666)
Francesco de' Marini (29 Mar 1666 – 6 Oct 1670 Resigned)
Carlo Loffredo, C.R. (6 Oct 1670 – 26 Nov 1691)
Pietro Vecchia, O.S.B. (19 Dec 1691 – Jul 1695 Died)
Domenico Belisario de Bellis (23 Jan 1696 – 17 Jan 1701 Died)
Giovanni degli Effetti (18 Jul 1701 – 1712 Died)
Fabrizio Antonio Salerni (17 Sep 1714 – 14 Apr 1754 Died)
Celestino (Pietro Antonio) Orlandi, O.S.B. (16 Sep 1754 – before 8 Jul 1775 Died)
Gennaro Antonucci (13 Nov 1775 – 21 Mar 1804 Died)
Domenico Antonio Cimaglia (2 Oct 1818 Confirmed – Jul 1819 Died)
Filippo Giudice Caracciolo, C.O. (21 Feb 1820 Confirmed – 15 Apr 1833)
Diocese of Molfetta-Giovinazzo-Terlizzi
Latin Name: Melphictensis-Iuvenacensis-Terlitiensis
United: 4 March 1836 with Diocese of Giovinazzo e Terlizzi
Metropolitan: Archdiocese of Bari (-Canosa)
Giovanni Constantini (19 May 1837 – 19 Jan 1852 Died)
Niccola Maria Guida (27 Sep 1852 – 6 Dec 1862 Died)
Gaetano Rossini (27 Mar 1867 – 4 Jan 1890 Died)
Pasquale Corrado (2 Jan 1890 – 6 Dec 1894 Died)
Pasquale Picone (18 Mar 1895 – 5 Sep 1917 Died)
Giovanni Jacono (2 Jul 1918 – 18 Mar 1921 Appointed, Bishop of Caltanissetta)
Pasquale Gioia, C.R.S. (30 Sep 1921 – 2 Apr 1935 Died)
Achille Salvucci (17 Oct 1935 – 18 Mar 1978 Died)
Aldo Garzia (18 Mar 1978 – 15 Jun 1982 Appointed, Coadjutor Bishop of Nardò)
Antonio Bello (10 Aug 1982 – 20 Apr 1993 Died)
Diocese of Molfetta-Ruvo-Giovinazzo-Terlizzi
Latin Name: Melphictensis-Rubensis-Iuvenacensis-Terlitiensis
United: 30 September 1986 with Diocese of Ruvo Metropolitan: Archdiocese of Bari-BitontoDonato Negro (22 Dec 1993 – 29 Apr 2000 Appointed, Archbishop of Otranto)
Luigi Martella (13 Dec 2000 – 6 Jul 2015 Died)
Domenico Cornacchia (15 Jan 2016 – )
Co-cathedrals
Notes
Books
Reference Works
(in Latin)
(in Latin)
pp. 898-899. (Use with caution; obsolete)
(in Latin)
(in Latin)
(in Latin)
Studies
Kamp, Norbert (1975). Kirche und Monarchie im staufischen Königreich Sizilien: I. Prosopographische Grundlegung, Bistumer und Bistümer und Bischöfe des Konigreichs 1194–1266: 2. Apulien und Calabrien München: Wilhelm Fink 1975.
Kehr, Paulus Fridolin (1962). Italia pontificia. Regesta pontificum Romanorum.'' Vol. IX: Samnia – Apulia – Lucania. Berlin: Weidmann. (in Latin), pp. 351–352.
Acknowledgment
Benigni, Umberto. "Diocese of Molfetta, Terlizzi, and Giovinazzo." The Catholic Encyclopedia. Vol. 10. New York: Robert Appleton Company, 1911. Retrieved: 17 Mar. 2017.
Molfetta
Diocese
Diocese
Molfetta
Áedh Ua Flaithbheartaigh (died 1178) was King of Iar Connacht.
Biography
The annals record that Áedh died at Annaghdown, demonstrating that the Muintir Murchada still held some influence east of Lough Corrib into the late 12th century.
In 1185, the annals state "The West of Connaught was burned, as well churches and houses, by Donnell O'Brien and the English." In 1196, "Cathal, the son of Hugh O'Flaherty, was slain by the son of Murtough Midheach."
Áedh appears to have been succeeded by their son, Ruaidhri.
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
1178 deaths
Aedh
12th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
China Marks (born 1942, Kansas City, Missouri) is an American artist creating process-directed sewn drawings and one-of-a-kind books.
Education
Marks earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Sculpture from the Kansas City Art Institute and a Master of Fine Arts in Sculpture from Washington University in St. Louis.
Career
Art
From the 1970s through the early 1980s, Marks, though trained and working primarily as a sculptor, embraced drawing, painting, and printmaking as well. A fellowship at the Center of Innovative Print and Paper, now the Brodsky Center for Innovative Print and Paper at Rutgers University in 1989 resulted in a group of monotypes created over a three-day period. These monotypes exhibited Marks' affinity for imaginative figuration and narrative. They also reconfirmed their love of drawing.
In 1991, Marks experimented with decorative paint rollers in conjunction with sculptural reliefs. The patterns created by the rollers enriched the relief′s backgrounds, adding an additional element of visual complexity. Combined with their renewed commitment to drawing, Marks executed a series of fantastical figures drawn with a brush in acrylic paint on paper, working in black at first, and then expanding into other colors. The figures were drawn on patterned backgrounds created by the decorative paint rollers, and later, on printed backgrounds created by Marks from their older printed or drawn work, or from found imagery.
This fusion of drawing, narrative, and pattern coalesced in Marks' aesthetic, and on December 6, 2000, Marks experienced a major shift in their thinking: “My drawings told me they had to be sewn.” They also realized that simple hand-sewing or hand embroidery would not suffice to attain what they were after, and that mastering the properties of a sewing machine was required. They purchased a portable sewing machine, and “began to learn to draw with it, at first simply, then with greater complexity, making contemporary drawings that were enriched and transformed by the process of their creation. From the outset, I somehow knew that this was what I was going to do for the rest of my life and that the potential was enormous. I wanted to make the sewing machine an extension of my nervous system.” Marks thus broke with their earlier processes and expressed their aesthetic through fabric and the properties of sewing. Though their work had previously explored realms of the fantastic, the colors, textures and imagery in fabric, and the tonal, tactile, and linear properties of stitching provided Marks with an expanded repertoire of elements with which to actualize their ideas. Marks calls these works ″sewn drawings.″ Though they had no previous knowledge of the complexities of a sewing machine, Marks' expertise with power tools, skills they acquired as a sculptor, served as the basis to understand the mechanics of machine sewing. Nevertheless, mastering the sewing machine and being able to draw with it was an intense learning process that moved from a combination of hand and machine embroidery through achieving the dexterity to draw on the machine.
Marks' earliest sewn drawings began as a process of assembling imagery (faces, heads, human figures, fabulous beasts, flora, structures, objects, etc.) cut from scraps of disparate commercially printed fabrics, or creating forms from scratch with fabric scraps. After a process of arranging, re-arranging, and exploring potential variables, a phantasmagorical world would emerge. Marks would then construct a suitable ground for the narrative, using textiles from their growing collection of fabric scraps, swatches, and yardage. The resulting panels, reminiscent of applique, tapestry, embroidery, and traditional drawing, were self-contained narratives of vibrant color, abundant texture, and exuberant imagination.
As the sewn drawings developed and became larger, more layered, and generally more complex, Marks' portable sewing machine could no longer handle the heavier load. In 2002, they purchased an industrial zigzag machine, the Consew 233R, which could handle Marks' ambition. As a result of the sewing machine's greater capabilities, Marks′ work changed and grew to such a degree that the earlier work “suddenly seemed like the work of another person.” Forms became more intricate, compositions became more variegated, with enriched layers of texture and color. Shading achieved a greater range through pure stitching.
Books
In 2007, at the prompting of book artist Esther K. Smith, who was writing “How to Make Books” for Random House, Marks created their first one-of-a-kind book, “Dream Girls.” Images from the first draft of “Dream Girls” appeared in Smith's book. Created from fabric, and using the sewn drawings technique Marks was developing, “Dream Girls” extended Marks′ oeuvre from the self-contained narratives of the individual sewn drawings to a longer form of storytelling. The process, and end result, so enhanced the narrative impulse that already animated their drawings, Marks resolved “to make at least a book a year” for the rest of their life. They made two unique books the following year: “A Book of Horses” and “A Book of Lives.”
During this period, as Marks continued their development of sewn drawings and one-of-a-kind books, a chance walk in the Spring of 2009 resulted in Marks spotting a broken umbrella in the street. Intrigued by the black umbrella's white-printed text, it eventually triggered their thinking about text. They silk-screened text of white ink on black fabric, creating a store of printed text which resulted in two books created in 2009: “The First Black Book,” consisting only of white text on black fabric; and “The Second Black Book,” which included additional text and a few illustrations created as sewn drawings and applied found objects. Them 2010 book, “Pressing Questions,” broke from the pure black and added color and extensive text. The text, written in doggerel, was executed as appropriated lettering taken from fabric, as well as invented letters.
These breakthroughs in the relationship of text to imagery profoundly affected Marks' sewn drawings, and by autumn of 2010, their drawings now included text. As with the books, the text in the sewn drawings was derived from words or cut letters from pieces of fabric, or letters Marks created from unrelated shapes. Them visual narratives were now enhanced by literary narrative; Marks′ characters could now speak.
In 2013, Marks' process was further enhanced by the purchase of a state-of-the-art “computerized embroidery machine, specialty threads, stabilizers, and CAD software, along with a Windows-based laptop to manage the software,” all of it acquired with money awarded Marks by the Pollock-Krasner Foundation. With these new tools, Marks could now embroider lines and blocks of text directly onto the panels of sewn drawings, instead of piecing words or letters together from fabric sources. The text and typefaces could now be specific to the narrative and immediately legible, leading Marks to become as much writer as visual artist. Besides the sewn drawings, Marks' fascination with written narrative also manifested itself in text pieces. These smaller works, with only minimal sewn imagery or devoid of imagery entirely, allow Marks' “voice” its own presentation. Two of their text pieces were featured in the poetry publication, W.I.S.H. POETRY PRESS in January 2014.
Marks sees their place in contemporary art as that of an “appropriationist and a synthesizer, influenced by manga, anime, and other contemporary art, as well as by almost everything else I see, hear, touch and taste.” Them driving purpose is to create art that entertains their audience, to make jaws drop, to surprise and delight. By appropriating images from printed fabric, techniques from the fabric arts of embroidery and tapestry, the textured experience of collage, the narrative of storytelling, and all of it supported by a consciousness of drawing, Marks unites tradition and experimentation. They consider their sewn drawings and fabric books to be “a new model for storytelling, more experiential than linear.”
Marks continues to create sewn drawings, books and text pieces at their studio in Long Island City, New York.
Exhibitions, public commissions and collections
Marks has exhibited extensively since the first solo show of their sculptures and drawings in 1984 at BACA Downtown, a nonprofit gallery and black box theater in Downtown Brooklyn. In 1986, they created a room-sized, installation titled “Intimations of a Parallel World,” at New York's 22 Wooster Gallery's Two Two Raw Downstairs space. Using cut-out drawings of men and animals in action, recalling Ancient Greek relief friezes, “Intimations of a Parallel World” was an early expression of Marks' interest in alternative realms, “a world parallel to our own, accessible only through my art.” Marks created additional iterations of the “Parallel World” installations with “A World Made Flesh: Part Two of The Parallel World,” exhibited at the Morris Museum, Morristown, New Jersey, in 1987; “Sacred Precinct: Part Three of The Parallel World,” exhibited at New York's Petrosino Park in 1991; and “Who Killed the Queen: Part Four of The Parallel World,” exhibited at the Tomasulo Gallery at Union County College, Cranford, New Jersey.
Other significant exhibitions during this period included solo shows at Rutgers University's Paul Robeson Center Gallery in Newark; the Newark Museum; the Johnson and Johnson Gallery in Johnson & Johnson; the Trans Hudson Gallery in Jersey City; a fifteen-year retrospective at the Rabbet Gallery in New Brunswick; and Grand Arts in Kansas City, Missouri. Marks was also represented in important group exhibitions at this time at the Art Museum of Florida State University, Tallahassee; the Ben Shahn Galleries at William Paterson University in Wayne, New Jersey; Kansas City Art Institute, Kansas City, Missouri; important exhibitions in New York's Marymount Manhattan College; the Luise Ross Gallery; the George Adams Gallery; and other venues across the country.
By 2003, Marks was exhibiting their sewn drawings, and later, their one-of-a-kind books. Solo shows of this new material were mounted at O'Kane Gallery at the University of Houston–Downtown, Houston, Texas; the Luise Ross Gallery in New York; the Marianna Kistler Beach Museum of Art, Manhattan, Kansas; Emerson Center for Arts and Culture in Bozeman, Montana; the Schoolhouse History and Art Center, Colstrip; the Paris Gibson Square Art Center, Great Falls, the Visual Arts Gallery at the University of Montana, Missoula; Art 101, Brooklyn, New York; and the Thompson Gallery at the Cambridge School of Weston, Weston, Massachusetts. Solo exhibitions are scheduled through 2016 in New York's prestigious Center for Book Arts; the Foosaner Art Museum at Florida Institute of Technology, Melbourne; and the Hampden Gallery at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, among others across the country.
Honors and awards
Marks won their first important award, a Fulbright-Hayes Fellowship for a 16-month stay in Nepal, making sculpture, in 1972. Additional honors followed, including a Graduate Fellowship from the Danforth Foundation; multiple fellowships from the New Jersey State Council on the Arts; an Esseff Foundation for the Arts Purchase Award; a National Endowment for the Arts-Mid Atlantic fellowship for works on paper; two George Sugarman Foundation grants; two New York Foundation for the Arts fellowships, the second as a Gregory Millard Fellow in Printmaking/Drawing/Artist's Books; and many others. In 1988, Marks was honored as a Distinguished Artist by the New Jersey State Council on the Arts. They served as an Artist-in-Residence at the Newark Museum in 2003; a residency at Anchor Graphics at Columbia College, Chicago in 2011; and in 2013 Marks was awarded the prestigious Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant.
References
Bibliography
Berens, Joshua, “Some Jazzy Stitches by China Marks”, "W.I.S.H Poetry Press," January 2014
Marks, China, “Knee-deep in a Sea of Tears: Hybrid Drawings” "Numero Cinq Magazine, Volume IV, Number 9," September 2013
Sonnenberg, Rhonda, “The Sewn Drawings of China Marks”, "Fiberarts," September/October 2005
Bogosh, Sarah, “China Marks: Drawing with Fabric and Print,” interview, "Anchor Graphics, Columbia College, Chicaho, Volume 5, Number 1," Summer/Fall 2011
External links
Website
American women artists
American contemporary artists
Living people
1942 births
Artists from Kansas City, Missouri
21st-century American women
North Korean prisons have conditions that are unsanitary, life-threatening and are comparable to historical concentration camps. A significant number of prisoners have died each year, since they are subject to torture and inhumane treatment. Public and secret executions of prisoners, even children, especially in cases of attempted escape, are commonplace. Infanticides (and infant killings upon birth) also often occur. The mortality rate is exceptionally high, because many prisoners die of starvation, illnesses, work accidents, or torture.
During the height of the North Korean famine, the government's response was to set up many low-level labor camps for those who were caught crossing the North Korean-Chinese border or were repatriated from China. These labor training facilities were also used in response to the black market activity that resulted in people searching for food throughout the countryside (Haggard & Noland, 2012).
In 2004, these “labor training” facilities were made a regular form of punishment under the new reforms of the criminal code which included a list of economic and social crimes. This list was increased in 2007 with the corresponding punishments growing (Haggard & Noland, 2012).
The DPRK government denies all allegations of human rights violations in prison camps, claiming that this is prohibited by criminal procedure law, but former prisoners testify that there are completely different rules in the prison camps. The DPRK government has released no information on prisoners or prison camps and has not allowed access to any human rights organizations. According to a North Korean defector, North Korea considered inviting a delegation of the UN Commission on Human Rights to visit the Yodok prison camp in 1996.
Lee Soon-ok gave detailed testimony on their treatment in the North Korean prison system to the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary in 2002. In their statement they said, "I testify that most of the 6,000 prisoners who were there when I arrived in 1987 had quietly perished under the harsh prison conditions by the time I was released in 1992." Many other former prisoners, including Kang Chol-hwan and Shin Dong-hyuk, gave detailed and consistent testimonies on the human rights crimes in North Korean prison camps.
According to the testimony of former camp guard Ahn Myong-chol of Camp 22, the guards are trained to treat the detainees as subhumans. They gave an account of children in one camp who were fighting over corn retrieved from cow dung.
North Korean prison camps are of two types: large internment camps for political prisoners (Kwan-li-so in Korean) and reeducation prison camps (Kyo-hwa-so in Korean).
Internment camps for political prisoners
The internment camps for people accused of political offences or denounced as politically unreliable are run by the State Security Department. Reports from refugees also indicate any religious activity is considered illegal; offenders are often arrested and sent to political prison camps. Refugees reported arrests and disappearances for owning bibles (US Commission on International Religious Freedom, 2008). Political prisoners were historically subject to the family responsibility principle, where immediate family members of a convicted political criminal were also regarded as political criminals and interned. However, since 1994 there has been a near-abandonment of this family responsibility principle.
It has been estimated that a quarter of a million people remain as political prisoners, one-third of that being children, where they are routinely forced into slave labor, tortured, and raped. According to satellite imagery as well as defector testimony, to include prison guards, these human rights violations continue unabated (Park, 2013).
According to former guards who have defected from North Korea, in the event of the Kim Family Regime collapse or other North Korea crisis, they were ordered to kill all political prisoners. The immediate kill of approximately 120,000 North Korean political prisoners would be genocide (Collins, 2017).
Based on the North Korean regime, “guilt by association”, three generations of family members related to the accused member are also sent to the same political prison camp (Collins, 2017).
The internment camps are located in central and northeastern North Korea. They comprise many prison labour colonies in secluded mountain valleys, completely isolated from the outside world. The total number of prisoners is estimated to be 150,000 to 200,000. Yodok camp and Pukchang camp are separated into two sections: One section for political prisoners in lifelong detention, another part similar to re-education camps with prisoners sentenced to long-term imprisonment of 5 to 20 years.
The prisoners are forced to perform hard and dangerous slave work with primitive means in mining and agriculture. The food rations are very small, so that the prisoners are constantly on the brink of starvation. In combination with the hard work this leads to huge numbers of prisoners dying. An estimated 40% of prisoners die from malnutrition.
Moreover, many prisoners are crippled from work accidents, frostbite or torture. There is a rigid punishment regime in the camps. Prisoners who work too slowly or do not obey an order are beaten or tortured. In cases of stealing food or attempting to escape, the prisoners are publicly executed.
Initially there were around twelve political prison camps, but some were merged or closed (e. g. Onsong prison camp, Kwan-li-so No. 12, following a suppressed riot with around 5000 dead people in 1987). Today there are six political prison camps in North Korea, with the size determined from satellite images and the number of prisoners estimated by former prisoners and NGOs.
Most of the camps are documented in testimonies of former prisoners and, for all of them, coordinates and satellite images are available.
Repatriation
During the height of the famine in the mid to late 1990s, thousands of North Koreans crossed the border into China in search of food or jobs to support their families back home. The Chinese government, fearful of the consequences from the North Korean government, repatriated the North Korean refugees back to their country. The North Korean border police often tortured North Koreans that were forcibly repatriated, although the government at the time stated the repatriated citizens would be treated fairly. If it was determined those who fled to China had any contact with South Koreans or Protestant Christian organizations, they were sent to labor colonies or gyohwaso (felony-level penitentiaries) (US Commission on International Religious Freedom, 2008).
Camps
Accounts
The South Korean journalist Kang Chol-hwan is a former prisoner of Yodok Political Prison Camp and has written a book, The Aquariums of Pyongyang, about their time in the camp. The South Korean human rights activist Shin Dong-hyuk is the only person known to have escaped from Kaechon Political Prison Camp. They gave an account of their time in the camp.
Reeducation camps
The reeducation camps for criminals are run by the Ministry of Social Security. There is a fluent passage between common crimes and political crimes, as people who get on the bad side of influential party members are often denounced on false accusations. They are then forced into false confessions with brutal torture in detention centers (Lee Soon-ok for example had to kneel down whilst being showered with water at icy temperatures with other prisoners, of whom six did not survive) and are then condemned in a brief show trial to a long-term prison sentence.
In North Korea, political crimes are greatly varied, from border crossing to any disturbance of the political order, and they are rigorously punished. Due to the dire prison conditions with hunger and torture, a large percentage of prisoners do not survive their sentence terms.
One account of a North Korean refugee recalls being kicked repeatedly in the stomach by their North Korean guard in an attempt to abort their 5-month-old unborn baby. After losing consciousness during the beatings, they awoke inside the camp's clinic where their baby was forcibly removed (Powell et al., 2006).
The reeducation camps are large prison building complexes surrounded by high walls. The situation of prisoners is quite similar to that in the political prison camps. They have to perform slave labour in prison factories and in case they do not meet the work quotas, they are tortured and (at least in Kaechon camp) confined for many days in special prison cells, which are too small for them to stand up or lie full-length in.
To be distinguished from the internment camps for political prisoners, the reeducation camp prisoners are forced to undergo ideological instruction after work and they are also forced to memorize the speeches of Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il and they even have to undergo self-criticism rites. Many prisoners are guilty of common crimes which are also penalized in other countries e. g. illegal border crossing, stealing food or illegal trading.
There are around 15 to 25 reeducation camps in North Korea.
Camps
Kwan-li-so # 12 Onsong was closed in 1987, following a riot which was suppressed at the cost of around 6,000 dead prisoners. Kyo-hwa-so Sunghori was closed in 1991 but was reopened at a new location on an unknown date.
Accounts
The South Korean human rights activist Lee Soon-ok has written a book (Eyes of the Tailless Animals: Prison Memoirs of a North Korean Woman) about their time in the camp and testified before the US Senate.
TIME magazine article, Running out of Darkness, reports on the efforts of Kim Myong-suk to escape a North Korean prison with the help of a South Korean based charity, Helping Hands Korea (Powell et al., 2006).
"Resort" prison
In December 2016, the South China Morning Post reported on the existence of a secret prison in Hyanghari, which is euphemistically known as a 'resort,' where members of the country's political elite are imprisoned.
See also
Human rights in North Korea
List of concentration and internment camps#Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Crimes against humanity under communist regimes
Mass killings under communist regimes
References
External links
Committee for Human Rights in North Korea: The Hidden Gulag – Exposing Crimes against Humanity in North Korea's Vast Prison System - Overview of North Korean prison camps with testimonies and satellite photographs
Amnesty International: North Korea: Political Prison Camps - Document on conditions in North Korean prison camps
Freedom House: Concentrations of inhumanity – Analysis of the phenomena of repression associated with North Korea's political labor camps
National Human Rights Commission of Korea: Survey Report on Political Prisoners' Camps in North Korea – Overall and systematic analysis of political prison camps on the basis of in-depth interviews with North Korean witnesses
Christian Solidarity Worldwide: North Korea: A case to answer – a call to act – Report to emphasize the urgent need to mass killings, arbitrary imprisonment, torture and related international crimes
Washington Post: North Koreas Hard Labor Camps - Explore North Korean prison camps with interactive map
One Free Korea: North Koreas' Largest Concentration Camps on Google Earth - Satellite imagery and witness accounts of North Korean political prison and reeducation camps
（Japanese）
Penal system in North Korea
Repatriation
Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil is a parish municipality located in the Drummond Regional County Municipality in the Centre-du-Quebec region of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2021 Census was 885. The municipality completely encircles the village that is also called Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Population trend:
Mother tongue language (2006)
See also
List of parish municipalities in Quebec
References
Parish municipalities in Quebec
Incorporated places in Centre-du-Québec
Schadeck Castle () is a counter-castle which was built in opposition to the nearby Runkel Castle. It stands above the River Lahn in the eponymous parish in the county of Limburg-Weilburg in the German state of Hesse.
Location
The hill castle stands about 50 metres above the Lahn on a projecting hillside in the parish of Schadeck that was named after it within the borough of the small Hessian town of Runkel.
The castle is about six kilometres east of Limburg and 60 kilometres northwest of Frankfurt.
History
Because of inheritance and ownership disputes, Schadeck was built by Henry of Westerburg from 1276 to 1288 as a counter-castle to Runkel Castle, which at that time was owned by a cousin. The name of the castle and its surrounding settlement came from its purpose eine Ecke zum Schaden der Burg Runkel ("a spot from which to damage Runkel Castle"). However, Runkel Castle was never conquered. On 21 July 1321, an agreement was signed that forced the then Lord Reynard of Westerburg to hand over Runkel Castle as a fief to the Archbishop of Trier, Baldwin of Luxembourg. This was preceded by violent conflicts between the two parties later. However, the agreement was not carried out, so Baldwin captured the castle in 1344. The seizure of the castle was related to attempts by Baldwin to protect and expand their estates east of the Rhine. The disputes over Schadeck must have continued because, in 1346, another agreement was signed that provided for a division of the castle. In the same year, however, Reynard of Westerburg sold their entire share to the Archbishop. Apparently the Westerburgs remained as vassals of Baldwin at the castle. During the Thirty Years' War, and again in 1803, parts of the castle, especially the north wing, were slighted.
From the early 19th century the ownership of the castle changed hands several times. It was also divided between several owners. From 1821, the west wing housed the mayor's office of the municipality of Schadeck and, in about 1850, the village school was located on the second floor.
In the 20th century, the structural condition of the castle deteriorated rapidly, so that parts of the castle threatened to collapse. In 1998 extensive renovation work began, in particular the complete replacement of the roof and the framework of the baroque staircase. This work was completed in 2006.
Description
The most important component of the present castle site is a well-preserved, -storey, rectangular building, which has a staircase tower on the western side.
This contains private residences, which means that it is not possible to view the interior of Schadeck Castle.
Of the remaining buildings only a few remains and foundation walls have survived.
In addition to being a listed building, the castle is also protected in the event of war under the Hague Convention.
Literature
Rudolf Knappe: Mittelalterliche Burgen in Hessen: 800 Burgen, Burgruinen und Burgstätten. 3rd edn. Wartberg-Verlag, Gudensberg-Gleichen, 2000, , p. 435.
Alexander Thon, Stefan Ulrich, Jens Friedhoff: "Mit starken eisernen Ketten und Riegeln beschlossen ...". Burgen an der Lahn. Schnell & Steiner, Regensburg, 2008, , pp. 136–139.
Hessendienst der Staatskanzlei (publ.): Schlösser, Burgen, alte Mauern. Wiesbaden 1990, , p. 309.
External links
Castles in Hesse
Hill castles
Buildings and structures in Limburg-Weilburg
13th-century architecture
Heritage sites in Hesse
Stolnici is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cochinești, Cotmeana, Fâlfani, Izbășești, Stolnici and Vlășcuța.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The 37th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1930 New Brunswick general election, the 37th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 37th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 17th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 2010 New Brunswick general election, the 57th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 57th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 37th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
is a city located in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan. , the city had an estimated population of 30,835 in 13126 households, and a population density of 970 persons per km². The total area of the city is .
Geography
Chūō is located near the geographic center of the Kōfu Plateau of central Yamanashi Prefecture, hence its name which means "centre" in Japanese. The Fuji River flows through the city.
Surrounding municipalities
Yamanashi Prefecture
Kōfu
Minami-Alps
Shōwa
Ichikawamisato
Demographics
Per Japanese census data, the population of Chūō has increased rapidly over the past 40 years.
Climate
The city has a climate characterized by hot and humid summers, and relatively mild winters (Köppen climate classification Cfa). The average annual temperature in Chūō is 14.6 °C. The average annual rainfall is 1339 mm with September as the wettest month. The temperatures are the highest on average in August, at around 26.8 °C, and lowest in January, at around 2.9 °C.
History
The modern city of Chūō was established on February 20, 2006, from the merger of the towns of Tamaho and Tatomi (both from Nakakoma District), and the village of Toyotomi (from Higashiyatsushiro District).
Government
Chūō has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral city legislature of 18 members.
Economy
The economy of Chūō is dominated by agriculture, with rice, corn and tomatoes as the major cash crops.
Education
University of Yamanashi – Medical School campus
Chūō has six public elementary schools and three public middle schools operated by the city government. The city does not have any high schools.
Transportation
Railway
Central Japan Railway Company - Minobu Line
-
Highway
Chūō Expressway
Notable people from Chūō, Yamanashi
Hidehiro Sugai, Japanese footballer currently playing as a left-back for Ventforet Kofu of J2 League as a designated special player
Masao Inoue, Japanese professional wrestler (Pro Wrestling Noah)
Shingo Takagi, Japanese professional wrestler (New Japan Pro-Wrestling)
References
External links
Official Website
Cities in Yamanashi Prefecture
Islay Airport (also known as Glenegedale Airport) is located north-northwest of Port Ellen on the island of Islay in Argyll and Bute, off the west coast of Scotland. It is a small rural airport owned and maintained by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited. Today the airport is used for scheduled services to the Scottish mainland, and for air ambulances.
History
The first airports were built in Islay in the 1930s, although these were just grass strips. In 1940, during the Second World War, the Prime Minister, Winston Churchill ordered military airfields to be constructed in the western islands of Scotland, both to defend against a German assault on the Scottish mainland and also to provide reconnaissance planes a base to fly missions over the Atlantic Ocean. The present Islay airport was constructed as RAF Port Ellen in 1940, and received a concrete runway in 1942. During the Second World War, over 1,500 Royal Air Force (RAF) personnel were stationed at RAF Port Ellen.
The following units were here at some point:
Relief Landing Ground for No. 3 (Coastal) Operational Training Unit RAF (August 1941)
No. 48 Squadron RAF
No. 304 Ferry Training Unit RAF (December 1942 - December 1943)
878 Naval Air Squadron
890 Naval Air Squadron
On 29 June 1994, the Prince of Wales made headlines when they overshot the runway while landing a BAe 146 of No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron of the RAF on the runway of the airport. Although no one was injured, the plane was badly damaged.
Airlines and destinations
Notes
Flight operates via Colonsay
Statistics
See also
RAF Kilchiaran
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Official website for Islay Airport
Airports in Scotland
Highlands and Islands Airports
Airports established in 1940
1940 establishments in Scotland
Islay
The list below includes the names of notable password managers with dedicated Wikipedia articles.
Basic information
Features
See also
Password manager
Password fatigue
References
Bibliography
Lists of software
Lists of software add-ons
Security software comparisons
Surb Astvatsatsin of Areni (; meaning the "Holy Mother of God Church"; also Areni Church ) is a single-nave two-aisled domed church completed in the year 1321. It is located atop a plateau overlooking the Arpa River and the village of Areni in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.
Architecture
S. Astvatsatsin is a domed-hall type church with a single drum and a conical umbrella type dome resting above. Two portals lead into the structure from the south and west. An effigy of the Virgin Mary is carved upon the tympanum in high-relief above the lintel of the west portal. This carving and many others that may be found on the church are considered to be masterpieces of artwork done by Momik Vardpet, who according to inscriptions was also the architect for the church.  They are best known for their high-relief carvings at the monastery of Noravank, located approximately 6 kilometers southeast from Areni. Upon the tympanum above the lintel of the southern portal are the carvings of crosses.
In the center of the church interior, arched pendentives support the drum and dome above. High-relief carvings of mythical creatures adorn each of the four stone panels between the pendentives and base of the drum. Small vertical windows around the drum as well as small windows at each of the four façades let light into the main floor below. A semi-circular apse is located at the eastern wall of the structure and small "studies" or prayer rooms are adjacent on either side. The arched window above the apse is divided by a single column for decorative and structural purposes.
Some interesting tombstones and khachkars may be seen adjacent to the church. Nearby are also the 13th century ruins of lord Tarsaitch Orbelian of Syunik's palace, moved from Yeghegis to Areni during that time. Ruins of a 13th-century bridge built by Bishop Sarkis in 1265-1287 are to the northeast one kilometer. At the same location are the remains of an older bridge.
Gallery
See also
Noravank monastery, located southeast of Areni Church.
Bibliography
External links
Armeniapedia.org: Areni Church
Armenica.org: Church of Holy Virgin in Areni
About Areni Church
Armenian Apostolic churches in Armenia
14th-century churches in Armenia
Areni
Silvio Canevazzi (16 March 1852, Saliceta San Giuliano, suburb of Modena – 13 March 1918, Bologna) was an Italian civil engineer and applied mathematician.
Canevazzi studied at the mathematics faculty of the University of Modena from 1868 to 1870 and then at the Polytechnic University of Milan, where they graduated in 1873 with a degree in civil engineering. In 1873 they were appointed an assistant to the professor in the chair of applied mechanics in civil engineering at the Sapienza University of Rome, and then an assistant to the chair of construction of bridges and roads. In 1875 they won a competition in engineering sponsored by the royal corps of mining engineers and was sent by the Italian ministry of agriculture to study at the school of mines in Liège, where they graduated in 1877. In 1877, Cesare Razzaboni, who was organizing a school of engineering (Scuola di applicazione per ingegneri) in Bologna, invited Canevazzi to take charge of applied mechanics in civil engineering. In that academic post at Bologna, Canevazzi in 1880 was appointed to the chair of bridge construction and civil engineering hydraulics and also to the chair of applied mechanics in civil engineering. They held the two academic chairs until their death. In 1889 they were appointed the director of the academic department to which their two academic chairs were subordinated. In 1911 they were appointed director of the school of engineering in Bologna.
Canevazzi's research dealt with molecular equilibria in static mechanics, applications of the Menabrea theorem in elasticity, and studies of reinforced concrete. They developed a new method of calculating static stresses for buildings in earthquake zones. Their method influenced building codes for earthquake resistance. Canevazzi, in collaboration with Cesare Ghillini, did important research on mechanical stresses on the human skeleton, particularly the femur. Their research was useful in the design of prosthetic limbs.
They were an Invited Speaker of the ICM in 1908 in Rome. Pier Luigi Nervi was their student.
References
1852 births
1918 deaths
Italian civil engineers
Polytechnic University of Milan alumni
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
University of Bologna faculty
The Ministry of Health (MoH) () is a federal government ministry of Ethiopia, responsible for public health concerns. Its head office is on Sudan Street in Addis Ababa. Until 2020, Amir Aman is the director. Lia Tadesse has been the head of the ministry since 2020. The organization is a cabinet level organization which has authority over the Public Health Institute.
History
The Ministry of Public Health was created in 1948 followed by Proclamation issued in 1946. The Public Health Administration shortly transferred to the Ministry of Public Health.
In recent years, the ministry promotes family planning programs introduced contraceptives, giving women a choice over their sexual and reproductive health while combatting child marriage and harmful practice in Ethiopia.
Former directors
Tedros Adhanom (2005 to 2012)
Amir Aman (director of the ministry beginning in 2019)
References
External links
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Health (Amharic)
Ethiopia
Government of Ethiopia
Government ministries of Ethiopia
The Mochovce Nuclear Power Plant (, abbr. EMO) is a nuclear power plant located between the towns of Nitra and Levice, on the site of the former village of Mochovce, Slovakia. Two up-rated 470 MW (originally 440 MW) reactors are presently in operation, with two further reactors of the same type under construction. Generating almost 7,000 GWh of electricity a year, the power plant currently serves approximately 20% of Slovakia's electricity needs.
History
A power plant consisting of four VVER 440/V-213 pressurized water reactors was proposed in the 1970s. The Czechoslovak government began with a geological survey to find a suitable seismically stable site. After taking into account all factors the location of the village of Mochovce was chosen. Preparatory work was started in June 1981, and site construction for Mochovce-1 and Mochovce-2 started in November 1982.
Construction of the remaining two units, Mochovce-3 and Mochovce-4, began in 1985 but work on all four units was halted in 1991 due to a lack of funds. In 1995 the Slovak government approved a plan to finish the first pair with additional Western safety technology. The first two units were commissioned in 1998 and 1999 respectively. Commissioning of the plant has sparked protests in Austria, a neighboring country strongly opposed to the use of nuclear energy in general. Installed capacity of units 1 and 2 was up-rated by 7% in 2008.
Construction of Units 3 and 4 restarted in November 2008. They were planned initially to be completed in 2012 and 2013, but the completion date was shifted to 2016 and 2017. More recently the completion date has slipped to 2020 and 2022.
The owner of the plant is Slovenské elektrárne, which is 34% state-owned. Enel, an Italian utility company, was the majority 66% owners, but sold half its stake to Czech energy group EPH in 2017. Enel plans to sell its remaining stake after completion of units 3&4.
Units 1&2 operations
Since late 2008 the two operating units at Mochovce NPP have uprated net electrical power output to 436 MW per turbogenerator, ergo the total installed capacity of units 1 and 2 in Mochovce NPP stands at 872 MW. In 2009, the plant managed to generate over 7 TWh of electricity during a one-year period for the first time in its history. This represents approximately one quarter of the overall annual electricity consumption in Slovakia.
All units at Bohunice and Mochovce NPP feature evolutionary VVER pressurized water reactors, which are characteristic with:
relatively low power and power density
huge volume of water for cooling during normal operation as well as in emergency
robust design with reinforced concrete containment with walls thick up to 1.5 m
triple redundancy safety system (3 x 100%)
high level of passive safety.
The principle of electricity generation in nuclear power plants is similar to that of conventional thermal power plants. The only difference is the heat source. In thermal plants, heat is produced from fossil fuels (coal, gas), generating vast quantities of greenhouse gas, whereas in nuclear power plants, nuclear fuel is used (natural or enriched uranium).
In the pressurized water reactors, fuel in the form of fuel assemblies is placed in reactor pressure vessel to which chemically treated water flows. The water flows through channels in the fuel assemblies and removes the heat that is produced during fission reaction. Water coming from the reactor has a temperature of about 297 °C (VVER reactor type); it is then led through the hot arm of the primary piping into heat exchanger - steam generator. In steam generator, water flows through a bunch of pipes and delivers the heat to water from secondary circuit and has a temperature of 222 °C. When cooled down, primary circuit water is led back to reactor core. Secondary circuit water is evaporated in steam generator and the steam is led via steam collector to the blades of a turbine. The turbine shaft turns a generator that generates electric energy.
Having delivered its energy to the turbine, steam condensates in condenser, and getting back to water state, it flows back, via heaters, to steam generator. In condenser, the mixture is cooled by a third cooling circuit. In this latter circuit, water is cooled by air flowing from the bottom to the upper part of the cooling tower due to so-called chimney effect. The stream of air takes along water steam and small water droplets, and that is why clouds of steam form above the cooling towers.
Units 3&4 construction
Units 3&4 of Mochovce NPP are currently under construction. This project is:
one of the three projects of nuclear power plants currently under construction in the EU
the largest private investment in the history of Slovakia
2/3 of works on site is performed by Slovak companies
90% of the population around power plant is in favour of the completion of Units 3&4
each unit will have 471 MWe gross 440 MWe net electrical output
annual production of two units will save over 7 million tonnes of emissions.
Unit 3 was expected to be operational in 2021 and unit 4 in 2023, delayed from earlier plans for 2018 and 2019.
Commissioning license is done for unit 3 in January 2022.
Technical start license is done in August 2022.
On the 26th of August 2022, the Slovak Nuclear Regulatory Authority (ÚJD) gives the final authorisation for the commissionning of Unit 3. The operator (Slovenské elektráne) commenced fuel loading operations on 9 September 2022.
Safety
Although the original power plant design featured safety improvements such as seismically resistant attachment of equipment, it did not suit the safety and regulatory environment of the 1990s. To rectify this the German company Siemens supplied a new control system, and Western and EU safety measures were implemented during the final phases of construction. According to the plant operator Mochovce nuclear power plant was the first Soviet-sourced nuclear plant in the former Eastern Bloc to meet the safety standards of Western nuclear power plants.
The nuclear industry was conceived and developed with a conscientious awareness of having to face and respect strict safety guidelines, as well as technical, environmental and health standards.
For this reason, safety at a power plant is verified and controlled at maximum possible levels in all of its phases (project design, authorization, construction, operation, decommissioning and final dismantlement), using procedures that have been elaborated exclusively for the needs of this specific sector.
In addition, the realization of a nuclear power station is subordinated by a particularly complex authorization process comprising two different components: authorization from a nuclear safety standpoint, and in terms of its environmental impact (EIA – Environmental Impact Assessment).
In concrete terms, safety in the electronuclear industry is entrusted to a set of technical, organizational and human measures enacted throughout all stages of an installation's lifetime, with the aim of protecting citizens and the surrounding environment from a release of radioactive material under any circumstances.
Environment
Nuclear power plants emit no greenhouse gas to the atmosphere, in this way NPPs annually contribute to CO2 emission reduction by 15 million tonnes in Slovakia.
Nuclear power plants hence contribute significantly to the obligation to reduce emissions of harmful greenhouse gas to the atmosphere.
Mochovce NPP meets all international requirements and that the operation impact is minimal.
Water required for cooling is taken from a water dam built on the nearby Hron river, which ensures sufficient supply of water even in extremely dry climate conditions. The impact of the discharged waters on the quality of the Hron river water, fauna and flora is negligible.
Emissions to the atmosphere and effluents to the hydrosphere are regularly measured and assessed in the 15-km area around the plant. There are 25 monitoring stations of the tele-dosimetry system, which continuously monitor the dose rate of gamma radiation, activity of aerosols and radioactive iodine in the air, soil, water and food chain (feed, milk, agricultural products). The volume of radioactive substances contained in liquid and gaseous discharges is considerably lower than the limits set out by authorities.
Radiation protection
For radiation protection of the power plant staff and population, the ALARA principle is applied. This principle ensures that the radiation exposure inside and outside the power plant is As Low As Reasonably Achievable and well below the limits set by legislation. The impact of the NPP operation on the environment and human health is negligible with respect to other radiation sources present in everyday life. There are 24 monitoring stations of the tele-dosimetry system in the 20 km radius around the power plant, which continuously monitors the dose rate of gamma radiation, volume activity of aerosols and radioactive iodine in the air, soil, water and food chain (feed, milk, agricultural produces). The volume of radioactive substances contained in liquid and gaseous discharges is considerably lower than the limits set out by authorities.
Stress tests
Immediately after the Fukushima accident, European politicians, representatives of the nuclear industry and regulatory bodies agreed on the undertaking of power-plant safety reviews. All 15 member states of the EU operating nuclear power plants were involved. The testing of the two Bohunice NPP V2 units and all four Mochovce NPP units was carried out mainly through engineering analyses, calculations and reports.
Stress tests analysed extraordinary external events – earthquakes, floods, and impacts of other events that might result in the multiple loss of power-plant safety functions. The combination of events, including loss of power supply, long-term water supply breakdown, as well as loss of power supply due to extreme climate conditions were also assessed.
Stress tests revealed no deficiencies requiring immediate action; the further safe operation of neither the operating units nor the units under construction was put in doubt. Identified measures would further increase nuclear safety, for example by adding mobile diesel-generator for recharging of back-up batteries.
Technical data
See also
Energoland
Nuclear energy in Slovakia
List of nuclear reactors#Slovakia
References
External links
Official presentation of Mochovce NPP
Energy infrastructure completed in 1998
Nuclear power stations in Slovakia
Czechoslovakia–Soviet Union relations
Buildings and structures in Nitra Region
Nuclear power stations using VVER reactors
Nuclear power stations with reactors under construction
Energetický a průmyslový holding
Kyo Kii... Main Jhuth Nahin Bolta () is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language fantasy comedy film directed by David Dhawan, starring Govinda, Sushmita Sen, Rambha, Anupam Kher, Satish Kaushik, Mohnish Bahl and Ashish Vidyarthi. It is inspired by the Hollywood film Liar Liar (1997), starring Jim Carrey.
Plot
Coming from small-town Hoshiarpur to big city Bombay, conman and compulsive liar, Raj Malhotra , a lawyer by profession, sets up shop with fellow lawyer, Mohan. They fall in love with Sonam, daughter of a wealthy lawyer Tejpal. They devise a scheme to marry into this wealthy family, and they succeed. Years later, they have a son and Sonam finds out that their husband is now having a dishonest attitude to earn money. So, they threaten them of divorce because they married them for their honesty. Now, their son decides to save their parents happily married life and wishes that their dad would stop lying. The son's wish comes true, and all utterances from Raj's mouth are truthful. This creates a crisis in their personal life, as they confess about professional life, when they start telling the truth in court, especially with their underworld clients, who are now out to kill him.
Cast
Govinda as Advocate Raj Malhotra: Sonam's husband; Advocate Tejpal's younger son-in-law; Chintu's father; Mohan's best-friend
Sushmita Sen as Sonam "Sona" Singh Malhotra: Raj's wife; Advocate Tejpal's younger daughter; Adarsh's sister-in-law; Chintu's mother
Rambha as Tara: Raj's ex-girlfriend with whom they had an extra-marital affair
Anupam Kher as Advocate Tejpal Singh: Sonam's father; Adarsh and Raj's father-in-law
Ashish Vidyarthi as Kalra Bhai: Vinod's brother
Razzak Khan as Kala Bhai
Mohnish Behl as Journalist Rajat
Satish Kaushik as Mohan Sharma: Raj's best-friend
Sharad Kapoor as Advocate Adarsh: Sonam's brother-in-law; Tejpal's elder son-in-law
Kiran Kumar as Khurana
Shahbaz Khan as Vinod Kalra
Jaya Bhattacharya as Kavita Mhatre
Anant Mahadevan as Anand Mhatre
Rammohan Sharma as Mr. Pange
Jibraan Khan as Chintu Malhotra: Raj and Sonam's son
Ghanshyam Rohera as Mishra
Shashi Kiran as Doctor
Guddi Maruti as Tisha
Ajit Vachani as Mr. Vachhani
Anil Nagrath as Judge
Amit Behl as Doctor
Mahavir Shah as Public Prosecutor
Soundtrack
The music has been composed by Anand Raj Anand. Akhlaq Hussain of Planet Bollywood rated the album 7 out of 10.
References
External links
2001 films
Indian courtroom films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films directed by David Dhawan
Films scored by Anand Raj Anand
2000s fantasy-comedy films
Indian fantasy-comedy films
Balaji Motion Pictures films
Indian remakes of American films
2001 comedy films
Ekenbabu (Mr. Eken) is a Bengali detective fictional character created by author Sujan Dasgupta. The first story of Ekenbabu, Manhatane Moonstone was published in Anandamela in 1991.
Character
Ekenbabu is a police detective who looks like a very common Bengali man. They studied criminology in the USA. Their real name is Ekendra Sen.  They are eccentric, little comical and takes snuffs.  They are a man with a sweet smile, a bald head and a round face. Although they are a government employee, they like to solve cases in their own style unlike a typical investigator. As per the writer, Eken's friend, Professor Bapi writes the stories of Ekenbabu.
Books
Manhattane Moonstone
Dhaka Rahasyo Unmochito
Puraskar Panch Hajar Doller
Khuner Agey Khun
Ekenbabu O Keyadidi
Sankhayar sanket
Manhattane Manhaunt
Asol Khunir Sandhane
Santiniketane Osanti
Ekenbabu Samgra (Part I-V)
Film adaptation
Eken Babu web series is a comedy-detective series which was first released on 3 March 2018 with 6 episodes directed by Anirban Mallik. Later on 10 November 2018, Hoichoi released the second season of the web series but the second series was directed by Anupam Hari. The third series was directed by Abhijit Chowdhury. Actor Anirban Chakraborty played the role of Ekenbabu.A film, The Eken released on 8th April 2022, directed by Joydip Mukherjee. Anirban Chakraborty played the title role.
Radio adaptation
Radio Mirchi Kolkata station aired Manhattan-ey Moonstone for Mirchi's Sunday Suspense Programme. Eken Babu was voiced by RJ Deep, Bapi by RJ Somak, Abinash by Sayak Aman, Sailen Sapui by RJ Mir, Pramatha by Agni and the story was narrated by RJ Deep.
References
Culture of Kolkata
Fictional Indian people
Fictional Bengali people
Fictional detectives
Novel series by featured character
Fictional amateur detectives
Pandemis electrochroa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on La Réunion.
References
Moths described in 1977
Pandemis
This is a list of Pirates of the Caribbean cast members who voiced or portrayed characters appearing in the film and video game series. The list is sorted by film and character, as some of the characters were portrayed by multiple actors.
Cast
See also
List of Pirates of the Caribbean characters
References
Pirates of the Caribbean (film series)
Pirates of the Caribbean
Ansell is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Ansell Clarke (1907–2002), Australian rules footballer
Ansell Collins (born 1949), Jamaican musician, composer, singer, songwriter, and producer
Ansell Wass (1832–1889), Union Army officer
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C6H8O4}}
The molecular formula C6H8O4 may refer to:
Dimethyl fumarate (DMF)
Dimethyl maleate
Meldrum's acid, or 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxane-4,6-dione
3-Methylglutaconic acid
Lactide
Molecular formulas
Mürvet Yavuztürk (born November 10, 1985) is a Turkish female football referee and former women's footballer.
Early years
Mürvet Yavuztürk was born in the northern Turkish town Bafra of Samsun Province on November 10, 1985.  They are a teacher of physical education at a middle school in Bulancak, Giresun.
Playing career
Club
Mürvet Yavuztürk received their license for their hometown club Samsungücü on February 12, 2001. They debuted in their team's Women's League match on March 17, 2002. This was their only appearance. Since the women's football leagues in Turkey were not held between 2003 and 2006, their football playing career took an early end.
Referee
Yavuztürk began their referee career debuting in the Youth League as second assistant referee on November 1, 2008.
On February 13, 2010, they were appointed to officiate a Coca-Cola Academy U-14 League match as referee. They were also in charge of first, second assistant referee and fourth official roles in various regional leagues for the age categories of boys' U-15, U-18 and A2 League, TFF Third League and TFF Second League. They officiated as referee a Regional Youth Development U-18 League match as referee on December 11, 2010, and a Women's Regional League match on December 26, 2010. They were tasked as referee of a Women's Third League match played on November 9, 2014, and finally they were promoted to officiate a Women's First League match on November 8, 2015.
They debuted internationally serving as an assistant referee in a friendly match of the Turkey women's U-19 team on March 17, 2015.
As of December 20, 2015, Yavuztürk served in 125 football games in various roles.
References
1985 births
People from Bafra
Turkish women's footballers
Turkey women's international footballers
Turkish football referees
Turkish women referees and umpires
Living people
Women association football referees
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
The Trudeau Landing Site (16 WF 25), also known as Tunica Village and Trudeau, is an archaeological site in Tunica, unincorporated West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States. It was once occupied by the Tunica tribe. Later it was developed by Europeans as the Trudeau Plantation.
Tunica treasure
In the 1960s, graves at the site were dug up by a local self-described treasure hunter, who worked as a guard at Louisiana State Prison (Angola). They took many artifacts from the area, which had been deposited as grave goods with the more than 100 graves. The Tunica felt that they had stolen tribal heirlooms and desecrated the graves of their ancestors and were outraged at the violations. They tried to sell the artifacts to the Peabody Museum at Harvard University, but the transaction stalled when the museum found that they did not have legal title to the items.
In the 1970s, the site was excavated by archaeologists, who uncovered large amounts of pottery, European trade goods, and other artifacts deposited as grave goods by the Tunica from 1731 to 1764 when they were in residence. With help from the State of Louisiana, the tribe filed a lawsuit to obtain the title to the artifacts.
A decade passed in the courts, but the ruling became a landmark in Native American history, and it helped lay the groundwork for new Federal legislation, the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act, passed in 1990. It was also used to prove the ancient heritage of the Tunica peoples, and helped them to gain state and Federal recognition.
A museum to house the artifacts was built by the Tunica-Biloxi, in Marksville, Louisiana. They are using it also as a conservation and education center for preservation of their artifacts.
References
External links
Indian Mounds Louisiana
Archaeological sites in Louisiana
Art and cultural repatriation
Geography of West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana
Archaeological theft
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana
Native American history of Louisiana
Conspiracy is a 2001 made-for-television drama film that dramatises the 1942 Wannsee Conference. Using the authentic script taken from the only surviving transcript recorded during the meeting, the film delves into the psychology of Nazi officials involved in the "Final Solution of the Jewish Question" during World War II.
The film was written by Loring Mandel and directed by Frank Pierson. Its ensemble cast includes Colin Firth, David Threlfall, Kenneth Branagh as Reinhard Heydrich, and Stanley Tucci as Adolf Eichmann. Branagh won an Emmy Award for Best Actor, and Tucci was awarded a Golden Globe for their supporting role.
Plot
On 20 January 1942, Nazi officials hold a conference at a villa in Wannsee, Berlin to determine the method by which they will make Germany's territory free of Jews, including the occupied countries of Poland, Latvia, Estonia, Czechoslovakia and France.
The men establish that there is a significant "Jewish problem": the Jews of Europe cannot be efficiently contained, nor can they be forced onto other countries. Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger, the deputy head of the Reich Chancellery, interrupts at several points to say that the meeting is pointless and that the Jewish Question is already settled; Reinhard Heydrich, the chief of the Reich Security Main Office, promises to revisit their concerns. Heydrich announces that the government's policy will change from emigration from German-held territories to "evacuation" to the Occupied Eastern Territories, and that Fascist Italy will be forced to cooperate. As the squalor at the camps and ghettos for Jews, including Theresienstadt, becomes apparent to the attendees, there is consternation over the use of euphemisms from the SS members, including Alfred Meyer, the Deputy Reich Minister, who want to adopt an open policy of genocide.
The men discuss sterilisation and of exemptions for mixed-race Jews who have one or more non-Jewish grandparents. Wilhelm Stuckart, the state secretary, loses their temper and insists that a sturdy legal framework is paramount, and that ad hoc application of standards will lead to administrative chaos. They chide Gerhard Klopfer, another state secretary, for their simplistic portrayal of Jews as subhuman, instead describing them as clever, manipulative and untrustworthy.
Heydrich calls a break in the proceedings, and after praising Stuckart aloud takes them aside to warn them about the consequences of their stubbornness, implying that others in the SS will take an unwanted interest in their actions. When the meeting reconvenes, Heydrich steers the discussion in the direction of wholesale extermination using gas chambers. This causes consternation among some attendees, especially Kritzinger and Bühler. Kritzinger objects on the grounds that Hitler had given them personal guarantees that extermination of the Jews was not being considered. Bühler is shocked to discover that the SS have been building extermination camps at Belzec, Sobibor and Treblinka, and making preparations for the "Final Solution" under their nose.
It becomes clear to the attendees that they have been called together not to discuss the problem but to be given orders by the SS, who are intent on wresting control of the operation from other agencies such as the Interior Ministry and the Reich Chancellery. Eichmann now describes the method that will be used: the gassing of Jews. Many have already been killed in specially designed trucks and their figures include tens of thousands of victims. Eichmann explains that permanent gas chambers will be built at locations such as Auschwitz. They even describe their bodies as coming out "pink" (a symptom of carbon monoxide poisoning), at which point Hofmann is suddenly taken ill. They later attributes this to a bad cigar.
Throughout the meeting and over refreshments attendees raise other side issues, reflecting the interests of their respective work areas. Lange warns that executing Jews by shooting has a deleterious effect on the morale of their troops, and they clash with Luther's indifference. Klopfer requests that the Party retains some discretionary power over the process. Bühler presses for urgency, concerned that typhus could break out from the overpopulated ghettos in Poland. Meyer and Neumann do not want production stymied due to disruption or the loss of skilled workers. Heydrich admonishes Hofmann over their insistence that their office takes the lead in managing resettlement in Hungary.
A break is called and this time it is Kritzinger's turn to be taken aside and intimidated by Heydrich, who warns that Kritzinger is influential but not invulnerable. Heydrich tells Kritzinger that they want not only consent but active support, and Kritzinger realises that any hopes they had of assuring livable conditions for the Jewish population are unrealistic. In return, they tell Heydrich a cautionary tale about a man consumed by hatred of their father, so much so that their life loses its meaning once their father dies. Heydrich later interprets this as a warning that a similar fate awaits them if they allow their lives to revolve around antisemitism.
Heydrich then recalls and concludes the meeting, giving clear directives that the SS are to be obeyed in all matters relating to the elimination of the Jews. They also ask for explicit assent and support from each official, one by one. After giving careful instructions on the secrecy of the minutes and notes of the meeting, they are adjourned and begin to depart.
As the servants at the villa clear away the remains of the meeting, and the officials depart, a brief account of the fate of each one is given. Most of the members either died during the war or were arrested immediately after; two are convicted by Allied military tribunals and executed, and the others acquitted to live a peaceful life in postwar West Germany. Heydrich would be assassinated by Czechoslovak partisans for their brutal rule in Bohemia and Moravia within six months, while Eichmann would flee to Buenos Aires but be captured and sentenced to death by Israel in the 1960s. The film ends with the house tidied up and all records of the meeting destroyed as if it had never happened. The final card before the credits reveals that Luther's copy of the Wannsee minutes, recovered by the US Army in the archives of the German Foreign Office in 1947, was the only record of the conference to survive.
Cast
Kenneth Branagh as SS-Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich: Chief of the Reich Security Main Office (RSHA) and Deputy Reichsprotektor of Bohemia and Moravia.
Stanley Tucci as SS-Obersturmbannführer Adolf Eichmann: Head of RSHA IV B4.
Colin Firth as SS-Brigadeführer Dr Wilhelm Stuckart: State Secretary, Reich Ministry for the Interior.
Ian McNeice as SS-Oberführer Dr Gerhard Klopfer: State Secretary, Party Chancellery.
Kevin McNally as Martin Luther: Undersecretary and SS liaison, Foreign Ministry.
David Threlfall as Ministerialdirektor Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger: Deputy Head, Reich Chancellery.
Ewan Stewart as Dr Georg Leibbrandt: Head of Political Department, Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories.
Brian Pettifer as Gauleiter Dr Alfred Meyer: Deputy Reich Minister, Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories.
Nicholas Woodeson as SS-Gruppenführer Otto Hofmann: Chief of the SS Race and Settlement Main Office.
Jonathan Coy as SS-Sturmbannführer Erich Neumann: Director, Office of the Four Year Plan.
Brendan Coyle as SS-Gruppenführer Heinrich Müller: Chief of RSHA Department IV (the Gestapo).
Ben Daniels as Dr Josef Bühler: State Secretary for the General Government of occupied Poland.
Barnaby Kay as SS-Sturmbannführer Dr Rudolf Lange: Commander of the Sicherheitsdienst (SD) in Latvia.
Owen Teale as Dr Roland Freisler: State Secretary, Reich Ministry of Justice.
Peter Sullivan as SS-Oberführer Dr Karl Eberhard Schöngarth: SD officer assigned to the General Government.
Additional cast members include:
Tom Hiddleston, in one of their first film roles, briefly appears in the beginning and end as a telephone operator.
Ross O'Hennessy, appears in the beginning and middle as the SS Officer in charge of the Building.
Reception
Critical reception
Conspiracy has a 100% approval rating from 7 critic reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.
James Rampton in The Independent praised the film:
An impressed Austin Film Society had a lengthy review of the film and details about its making.
Awards
Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film (Stanley Tucci)
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie (Kenneth Branagh)
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries, Movie or a Dramatic Special (Loring Mandel)
Peabody Award
Nominated – British Academy Television Award for Best Actor (Kenneth Branagh)
Nominated – Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film (Kenneth Branagh)
Nominated – Golden Globe Award for Best Miniseries or Television Film
Nominated – Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Miniseries, Movie or a Dramatic Special (Frank Pierson)
Nominated – Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie (Colin Firth)
Nominated – Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie (Stanley Tucci)
Nominated – Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Television Movie
See also
List of Holocaust films
List of conspiracy thriller films
References
External links
2001 television films
2001 films
BBC television dramas
2000s war drama films
British war drama films
American war drama films
Holocaust films
Films about Nazi Germany
Films set in Berlin
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
Films directed by Frank Pierson
Sterilization in fiction
Films set in 1942
American drama television films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
British drama television films
Russia was originally scheduled to compete during the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in what would have been its sixth consecutive appearance at the Summer Paralympics as an independent nation. Russia had qualified athletes in ten sports.
On 18 July 2016, an independent investigation commissioned by World Anti-Doping Agency concluded that it was shown "beyond a reasonable doubt" that the RUSADA, the Ministry of Sport, the Federal Security Service (FSB) and the Centre of Sports Preparation of the National Teams of Russia had "operated for the protection of doped Russian athletes" within a "state-directed failsafe system" using "the disappearing positive [test] methodology." According to the McLaren Report, the Disappearing Positive Methodology operated from "at least late 2011 to August 2015." It was used on 643 positive samples, a number that the authors consider "only a minimum" due to limited access to Russian records.
On 7 August 2016, the International Paralympic Committee announced that it had voted unanimously to ban the entire Russian Paralympic team from competing in the 2016 Summer Paralympics, in the wake of a larger scandal that exposed the participation of Russian Olympic and Paralympic athletes in a state-sponsored doping program. The Russian Paralympic Committee appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) and the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland, but both bodies upheld the IPC's decision. IPC president Philip Craven stated that Russia's actions had demonstrated a failure in its obligations to comply with established anti-doping protocols.
On 9 December 2016, Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren published the second part of their independent report. The investigation found that from 2011 to 2015, more than 1,000 Russian competitors in various sports (including summer, winter, and Paralympic sports) benefited from the cover-up. Emails indicate that they included five blind powerlifters, who may have been given drugs without their knowledge, and a fifteen-year-old.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories: amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Disqualification
On 18 July 2016, the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) published a 97-page report by Canadian attorney Richard McLaren, covering significant state-sponsored doping in Russia. It found that Russia's Ministry of Sport and Federal Security Service (FSB) had operated a "state-dictated" system to implement an extensive doping program, which included the use of a "disappearing positive methodology" (DPM) – the process of swapping out positive urine samples for clean ones in order to evade detection. The report detailed 27 positive samples tied to Paralympic sports, while the IPC found forensic evidence that the DPM had been used during the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
On 7 August 2016, following the start of the 2016 Summer Olympics, the governing board of the International Paralympic Committee voted unanimously to suspend the Russian Paralympic Committee and ban the entire Russian Paralympic team from participating in the 2016 Summer Paralympics. IPC president Philip Craven cited Russia's "[inability] to ensure compliance with and enforcement of the IPC anti-doping code and the world anti-doping code within their own national jurisdiction", meaning that the country could not "fulfil its fundamental obligation as an IPC member". On 15 August 2016, the RPC filed a request for an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS). On 23 August 2016, the CAS upheld the IPC's decision. In a statement, Craven considered the decision to be a "sad day" and a "new beginning" for the Paralympic movement, explaining that the ban would be a "catalyst for change" in the country, and stated that Russia was welcome to return to the Paralympics once it is capable of "fulfilling its obligations to ensure fair competition for all".
The decision to issue a blanket ban contrasts the treatment of Russia's Olympic team, whose athletes were allowed to compete if they were individually cleared by their sport's respective governing body and an International Olympic Committee panel. The IOC's actions were criticized for ignoring WADA's recommendation of a blanket ban. 278 of the 389 members of the team were cleared to compete: the remaining 111 were barred from participating, which included all but one member of the Russian athletics team (Darya Klishina) and the entire Russian weightlifting team due to blanket bans issued by the International Association of Athletics Federations and International Weightlifting Federation.
Reactions in Russia were overwhelmingly negative. Some Russians described the allegations as an anti-Russian plot while others stated that Russia was "just doing what the rest of the world does". Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Russia had "never supported any violations in sport, we have never supported it at the state level, and we will never support this" and that the allegations were part of an "anti-Russia policy" by the West. Aleksei Pushkov, chairperson of Russia's parliamentary foreign affairs committee, said that the IAAF's decision to uphold its ban was "an act of political revenge against Russia for its independent foreign policy." A member of Russia's parliament, Vadim Dengin, stated, "The entire doping scandal is a pure falsification, invented to discredit and humiliate Russia."After the Court of Arbitration for Sport turned down an appeal by Russian athletes, pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva wrote, "Let all those pseudo clean foreign athletes breathe a sigh of relief and win their pseudo gold medals in our absence. They always did fear strength." The Ministry of Foreign Affairs called the ruling a "crime against sport". A poll by the Levada Center found that 14% of Russians believed that the country's athletes had doped in Sochi, 71% did not believe WADA's reports, and 15% decided not to answer.
On 30 August 2016, the Russian Paralympic Committee announced that at least 100 members of the banned team had filed for appeals from the IPC; the Committee confirmed it had received these letters, and stated that discussions were "ongoing". The next day, following a request for an appeal by the RPC, the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland also upheld the CAS's decision. On 1 September 2016, the IPC stated that Russian athletes would not be allowed to compete using a neutral flag.
Protests
During the entry of Belarus at the opening ceremony's parade of nations, Andrey Fomochkin—a member of the country's Ministry of Sport, was seen holding a Russian flag as a display of solidarity to its neighbour. The flag was quickly confiscated by officials; after they were identified, Fomochkin's accreditation was revoked by the IPC for violating policies which forbid political protests and gestures. The IPC also warned that it would closely monitor medal presentations involving Belarusian athletes to ensure they do not display political gestures. Fomochkin's actions were praised by Belarusians (including President Alexander Lukashenko), as well as Maria Zakharova—a member of Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs; they stated to a news agency that Fomochkin had "[shown] solidarity with people who were disgracefully treated in an inhumane way in not being allowed to compete at the Paralympics".
Pre-disqualification
5-a-side football
Russia qualified for the Paralympics after finishing second at the 2015 IBSA Blind Football European Championships. Playing in Group B, Russia opened the tournament with a 1–0 victory against France, followed by two 0–0 draws against Belgium and Spain. With a 1–0 victory against Greece in their final group stage match, Russia finished second in its group. In the elimination round, Russia played against Group A winner England. Russia won 1–0 on penalty kicks, but lost to Turkey 1–0 in the gold medal match.
7-a-side football
The Russia national 7-a-side football team qualified for Rio 2016 after winning the 2015 CP World Championships, defeating reigning European champions Ukraine. They went into the competition as the top ranked team in the world. The team was in Group B with Scotland, Northern Ireland and Germany.
The draw for the tournament was held on 6 May at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain. Russia was put into Group B with the United States, Netherlands and Argentina. Iran qualified for the 2016 Rio Games following the suspension of Russia. The IPC ruled that there could not be a redrawn for the groups. This resulted in Iran being put into Group A with the Netherlands, Argentina and the United States.
Going into the Paralympics, Russia was ranked second in the world.
Athletics
Russia had qualified a number of athletes in track and field. Following the suspension, two of these spots were re-allocated to Australia.
Archery
Russia qualified ten archers as a result of their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships. They included one spot each in the men's and women's compound open, three spots each in the men's and women's recurve open, and one spot each in the men's and women's W1. Among the archers that had qualified included Bato Tsydendorzhiev, Margarita Sidorenko, Svetlana Barantseva, Irina Rossiyskaya, Sergey Khutakov, Anton Zaypaev and Stepanida Artakhinova.
Cycling
Being among the highest-ranked countries on the men's and women's UCI Para-Cycling Nations Ranking Lists as of 31 December 2014, Russia qualified for Rio 2016, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Equestrian
Russian riders had qualified to participate in the individual event. Following their suspension, their spot was re-allocated.
Goalball
The Russia women's national goalball team qualified for Rio 2016 after finishing second at the 2014 IBSA Goalball World Championships. Their spot was re-allocated to Australia.
Judo
With one pathway for qualification being a top finish at the 2014 IBSA Judo World Championships, judoka Abdula Kuramagomedov had qualified for Rio by finishing first in the Men's B2 100 kg.
Paracanoeing
Russia earned a qualifying spot in the inaugural Paracanoeing competition following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan, Italy, where the top six finishers in each Paralympic event earned a qualifying spot for their nation. Alexandra Dupik earned the spot for Russia after finishing fourth in the women's KL1 event. Nadezda Andreeva earned a second spot for Ukraine after finishing fifth in the women's KL2 event. Leonid Krylov earned a third spot for Russia after finishing third in the men's KL3 event.
Rowing
One pathway for qualification at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships was a top-eight finish in a medal event. Russia qualified in the AS Men's Single Sculls event with a fourth-place finish with a time of 04:56.780.
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting in Rio took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. Russia earned a qualifying spot at this event in the P1 – 10m Air Pistol Men SH1 event as a result of Sergey Malyshev winning a silver medal. Valeriy Ponomarenko earned a second spot in the same event for Russia. Tatiana Ryabchenko gave Russia a third spot for Rio, this one in the R6 – 50m Rifle Prone Mixed SH1 event. Sergey Nochevnoy gave Russia their fourth spot at Rio, this time in the R3 – 10Mm Air Rifle Prone Mixed SH1 event.
Three opportunities to qualify were available through the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup events in Osijek, Sydney, and Fort Benning. In Osijek, Antonina Zhukova qualified in the R5 – 10m Air Rifle Prone Mixed SH2 event. In Sydney, Nikolai Krygin qualified in the R5 - Mixed 10m Air Rifle Prone SH2 event. At Fort Benning, Natalia Dalekova qualified in the P4 Mixed 50m Pistol event and Andrey Kozhemyakin qualified in the R7 Men's 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country. Denis Tarasov earned Russia a spot after winning gold in the Men's 100m Butterfly S8. Alexander Makarov earned Russia another spot after winning silver in the Men's 200m Freestyle S3. Roman Zhdanov earned Russia a third spot after winning silver in the Men's 200m Freestyle S4. Andrei Granichka earned Russia a fourth spot after winning silver in the Men's 400m Freestyle S6. The fifth spot for Russia was earned by Valeriia Shabalina who won silver in the Women's 100m Breaststroke SB14. The sixth spot was earned by Ani Palian who won silver in the Women's 100m Freestyle S7. Anna Krivshina grabbed a seventh spot for Russia after winning gold in the Women's 50m Freestyle S13. Dmitrii Kokarev earned the country's eighth spot after winning silver in the Men's 100m Backstroke S2. Iurii Luchkin earned Russia's ninth spot in the Men's 100m Breaststroke SB5 with a gold medal finish.
Wheelchair tennis
Russia had qualified two players in the women's singles event, Ludmila Bubnova and Viktoriia Lvova. Following their suspension, one spot was re-allocated by the IPC to Shelby Baron of the United States. Another spot was re-allocated to Australia.
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Russian sport
Doping in Russia
Beginning in 1979 and lasting through the early 1980s, a series of agreements between the Iowa Department of Transportation and individual county boards of supervisors led to a mass transfer of jurisdiction of several state highways in Iowa. County boards of supervisors were asked to convene functional classification boards in order to review the classification all of the highway miles within each respective county. Control of roads that were classified as trunk roads or trunk collector roads were transferred to the counties, while roads classified as arteries or arterial collectors were transferred to the state department of transportation. The vast majority of transfers took place in 1980.
Background
The 67th Iowa General Assembly passed a bill in 1978 that changed how the state department of transportation (DOT) classified highways and how they were funded throughout the state. The bill enacted an existing framework for county boards of supervisors to create reclassification boards that could appeal to a state board if certain changes to the road network were not satisfactory. The state's road use tax fund, which is the mechanism for allocating funds to the different levels of government for different levels of road, had both its inputs and outputs modified. The general fuel tax was raised from for 1978 (equivalent to in ), and to for 1979 (equivalent to in ).
The state was attempting to offset the effects the 1970s energy crisis and the 1973–75 recession which strained state budgets by reducing income due to reduced demand for gasoline and increasing inflation. The idea was for the DOT to save operational money by offloading minor highways to the respective counties. In 1979, Iowa had the 9th largest public road system in the United States with over of roadways, of which were primary highways, comprising Interstate Highways, U.S. Highways, and state highways. State planners sought to offload nearly one-third of the primary system. Naturally, county officials, whose road budgets were similarly strained, balked at the idea.
The Iowa Code provided a manner for determining the class of a particular highway. Each county was to appoint a three-member board, one of whom was to be a state DOT employee, one a county engineer or supervisor, and the other a municipal leader chosen by a majority of mayors in the county. The board was to classify each mile of roads and streets in the county into one of twelve categories. Only three categories applied to primary highways–freeways and expressways, arterials, and arterial connectors. The freeway-expressway and arterial systems had limits on total mileage, , respectively. The only other requirement of the reclassification boards was to ensure network continuity between counties. Ultimately, these boards found about of minor highways that were on the primary system and of major highways on the secondary system.
County officials were not keen on the idea of taking over more highway miles from the state when their own road budgets were tight. Clarke County officials sued the state classification board when it suggested the county take over an portion of U.S. Highway 69 (US 69). They felt the DOT was attempting to dump unwanted highway miles, which were also in poor condition, on a county unwilling to accept them. Some counties felt pressure to accept roads from the state that the DOT had not maintained adequately. Grundy County had some success by reclassifying some roads slated for transfer, such as Iowa Highway 214 (Iowa 214) into Wellsburg. That highway was reclassified as an arterial collector extension, keeping in spirit with an agreement it had with the DOT to maintain the highway until "Interstate 520" was built. Other counties had appeals heard at the DOT headquarters in Ames.
Construction of new highways, such as Interstate 380 (I-380) would cause a chain reaction in other state highways. It was predicted in 1979 that opening I-380 in the Cedar Rapids area would cause Iowa 150 to lose its status as a primary highway because the route ran roughly parallel to the planned Interstate Highway's corridor. Indeed, when I-380 opened to traffic in 1984, Iowa 150 was rerouted away from Cedar Rapids over Iowa 101 to Vinton. One section of Iowa 150 along Collins Road in Cedar Rapids was still classified as an arterial connector; it became Iowa 100.
One provision in the Iowa Code required whichever agency maintained a section of highway previously to either repair the highway in question or to pay an appropriate amount of money equal to the costs of repairing the road to the agency receiving the road. In Johnson County, state and county officials had difficulty reaching an agreement on a former segment of Iowa 1, by then renumbered Iowa 979. County officials wanted the state to take over County Road W66 (CR W66) from I-80 to the west overlook of Coralville Lake. The state countered with an offer to pay to upgrade Iowa 979 as well as have the county take over three other highways in the county. The two sides were not any closer 18 months later when the DOT was ready to open a new four-lane US 218 south of Iowa City. The routes for which no agreement could be made were ultimately kept by the DOT and assigned new route numbers, as was the case with Iowa 979.
Routes removed
Lengths represent the distances removed from the state highway system
Routes added
Existing route changes
{|class="wikitable sortable plainrowheaders"
!scope="col" rowspan=2 | Number
!colspan=2 class=unsortable|Change in length
!scope="col" class="unsortable" rowspan=2 | Southern or western terminus
!scope="col" class="unsortable" rowspan=2 | Northern or eastern terminus
!scope="col" data-sort-type="date" rowspan=2 | Formed
!scope="col" data-sort-type="date" rowspan=2 | Removed
!scope="col" class="unsortable" rowspan=2 | Notes
|-
!scope="col" data-sort-type="number" | mi
!scope="col" data-sort-type="number" | km
|-
Notes
References
External links
Transportation in Iowa
Highways
The 2018 season was Terengganu's first season in the Malaysia Super League since the rebranding in 2017.
Coaching staff
Squad information
Transfers
In
1st leg
2nd leg
Out
1st leg
Pre-season and friendlies
Tour of Cambodia
MB Terengganu Cup
Competitions
Malaysia Super League
League table
Results by matchday
Matches
Malaysia FA Cup
Malaysia Cup
Group stage
Knock-stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Finals
Statistics
Appearances and goals
‡ Players who played for both Terengganu I and Terengganu II.
Clean sheets
References
External links
Terengganu F.C. Official website
Terengganu FC seasons
Malaysian football clubs 2018 season
Malaysian football club seasons by club
Parents Action League (PAL) is a citizens organization started in 2010 to oppose changes in the Anoka-Hennepin (Minnesota) School District 11 policy which limited discussions of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) issues in district classrooms. PAL's roots go back as far as 1994, when one of its most-vocal members, Barb Anderson, successfully influenced the school district's board to exclude homosexuality from its sex-ed curriculum.
The school district abandoned the 2010 policy following several student suicides, lawsuits and investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice. The Southern Poverty Law Center designated Parents Action League as an "anti-gay hate group" for "damaging propaganda about the gay community".
Background
Between 2009 and 2011, nine students in Anoka-Hennepin committed suicide; the area is designated by state health officials as a "suicide contagion area". At least four of these students identified as gay or were perceived by their classmates to be gay, leading to bullying. The district is the subject of a federal investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice and the Office for Civil Rights in the U.S. Department of Education over the climate of anti-gay harassment and discrimination based on sex, including peer-on-peer harassment based on not conforming to gender stereotypes.
The district received criticism for its Sexual Orientation Curriculum Policy because it stated that teachers should be neutral when addressing issues of sexual orientation in their classrooms. Critics said this "neutrality policy" prevented acceptance and open discussion of LGBT people and issues in schools, and was essentially a "gag order" on teachers. The "neutrality policy" as it was called, allows teachers to address LGBT issues in the classroom but forbids them from staking out positions on such issues. The policy was characterized as contributing to the harassment and bullying of LGBT students. Advocates for the students charged that several student suicides in the district have been linked to such harassment, and they want the policy repealed. The controversy escalated into lawsuits and a federal investigation. District administration attempted to clarify the policy by explaining its anti-bullying and harassment policies specifically name sexual orientation as a protected class of people. The Sexual Orientation Curriculum Policy stated teachers can address issues of sexual orientation in their classes provided the discussion is age-appropriate, fact-based and connected to the curriculum.
History
Origins
The Minnesota Family Council is the statewide sponsor of the Parents Action League (PAL). PAL member Barb Anderson, a former district Spanish teacher and a longtime researcher for the Minnesota Family Council, fought "gay influence" in local schools for two decades. When the Anoka-Hennepin district's sex-ed curriculum was due for re-evaluation in 1994, Anderson and four like-minded parents joined the review committee. They argued against teaching gay tolerance in school, suggesting that it would "promote homosexuality", and that discussing it openly might actually "turn straight kids gay".
At the end of the committee's seven-month-long sex-ed review, Anderson and their colleagues wrote to the Anoka-Hennepin school board, concluding, "The majority of parents do not wish to have their children taught that the gay lifestyle is a normal acceptable alternative." The school board voted to adopt the measure by a four-to-two majority, using language from the committee's memo to create a district-wide policy. The policy prohibited homosexuality to be taught as a "normal, valid lifestyle", within the health curriculum. The policy was unofficially known as the "No Homo Promo". Teachers said it had a chilling effect and they became concerned about mentioning gays in any context. Gradually discussion of homosexuality disappeared from classes.
Petition
In 2011, the Parents Action League circulated an online petition supporting the Anoka-Hennepin school district's sexual orientation curriculum policy, which has been challenged by advocates for LGBT students. The School district has disclaimed connection with the outside group.
As part of their list of demands to the school district, members of PAL included "incorporating ex-gay (conversion therapy) into the school resources."
They specifically called for a new division within the student support services and a special section on the District 11 website devoted to "students of faith, moral conviction, ex-homosexuals and ex-transgenders". They also asked for school administrators and staff work closely with "pro-family and ex-homosexual and ex-transgender organizations", and for the district to provide information on the history of "Gay-related immune deficiency (GRID), acquired immune deficiencies and the medical consequences of homosexual acts". As a result of their activities, PAL was scrutinized by other parents who questioned the group's ties to the Minnesota Family Council.
Repeal
On February 13, 2012, the policy was repealed and replaced by a vote of 5-1 with a new Respectful Learning Environment Policy. The old policy was repealed because the US Department of Justice "agreed with the crux of the lawsuit -- that the neutrality policy and the policies that preceded contributed to harassment of gay kids" including six bullied gay students (including one who committed suicide). The new policy requires teachers to discuss contentious issues in a way that "shall affirm the dignity of all students."
Political reaction
PAL's controversial role influencing the school district's Sexual Orientation Curriculum Policy caught the attention of civil rights groups as well as the national media, in part because its influence occurred within the 2012 presidential contender Michele Bachmann's home district and because the Parents Action League is a local affiliate of the Minnesota Family Council, one of Michele Bachmann's largest supporters in the district. Bachmann and Newt Gingrich were both headline speakers at a fundraiser for PAL's statewide sponsor, Minnesota Family Council.
Hate group designation
The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) has designated the Parents Action League as an anti-gay hate group. SPLC's Heidi Beirich said "the Parents Action League was included on their hate list for 'damaging propaganda about the gay community,' including calling gays and lesbians 'promiscuous, dysfunctional, unhealthy'." The SPLC noted for groups including Parents Action League, "viewing homosexuality as unbiblical does not qualify organizations for listing as hate groups." They added that they studied the behaviour of the Parents Action League before adding them the list.
Parents Action League president Laurie Thompson, in email, did not respond directly to the SPLC accusations but did pose "pointed questions": "How does being pro family/pro parental rights constitute a group as a hate group?" and, "How does being an advocate for parental rights to raise their children come off as being hatred?" Thompson also said: "It is a privilege to be added to the long list of pro-family organizations that have been labeled as 'hate groups. The SPLC continues their strategy of defaming and name calling toward those whom they disagree with."
See also
Heterosexuals Organized for a Moral Environment
List of organizations designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as anti-gay hate groups
Suicide among LGBT youth
References
External links
Official web site
Letter sent from the Southern Poverty Law Center to the Anoka-Hennepin School District on May 24, 2011
Parents Demand School Teach Ex-Gay Therapy (video)
Respectful Learning Environment Policy[Official Text Pending Publication]
School District Revokes LGBT Policy In Light of Suicides (video)
2010 establishments in Minnesota
Conversion therapy organizations
Hennepin County, Minnesota
Organizations based in Minnesota
Organizations established in 2010
Organizations that oppose LGBT rights in the United States
Giulio Donnini (born 17 February 1924) is an Italian film actor.
Life and career
Born in Milan, Donnini made their film debut in 1946, in Giacomo Gentilomo's Teheran. They got their first mayor role two years later, playing the epileptic murderer Smerdjakov in Gentilomo's The Brothers Karamazov. From then Donnini specialized in playing negative and often violent characters, being mainly cast in supporting roles. They were also very active on stage.
Selected filmography
The Brothers Karamazov (1947)
Love and Poison (1950)
The Transporter (1950)
O.K. Nerone (1951)
Tragic Spell (1951)
The Rival of the Empress (1951)
The Adventures of Mandrin (1952)
It's Never Too Late (1953)
Beat the Devil (1953) as Administrator
Frine, Courtesan of the Orient (1953)
Barrier of the Law (1954)
Disowned (1954)
Vendicata! (1955)
The Dragon's Blood (1957)
Slave Women of Corinth (1958)
Dubrowsky (1959)
Messalina (1960)
The Conqueror of the Orient (1960)
Robin Hood and the Pirates (1960)
Caesar the Conqueror (1962)
Venus Against the Son of Hercules (1962)
Hercules Against the Sons of the Sun (1964)
Samson vs. the Giant King (1964)
Terror of the Steppes (1964)
The Almost Perfect Crime (1966)
El Greco (1966)
L'Odissea (1968)
La morte ha fatto l'uovo (1968)
La minorenne (1974)
Le comiche 2 (1991)
References
External links
1924 births
Italian male film actors
Italian male stage actors
Male actors from Milan
20th-century Italian male actors
Possibly living people
Shahneh Kola () may refer to:
Shahneh Kola, Amol
Shahneh Kola, Juybar
Muddy Boggy Creek, also known as the Muddy Boggy River, is a river in south central Oklahoma. The stream headwaters arise just east of Ada in Pontotoc County. It is a major tributary of the Red River in south central Oklahoma. Clear Boggy Creek is a major tributary which enters the Muddy Boggy at a location known as River Mile 24 in Choctaw County. The river is inhabited by over one hundred species of fish.
Geography
Muddy Boggy Creek is located in the counties of Pontotoc, Hughes, Coal, Atoka, and Choctaw.
It begins on the eastern edge of Ada, and comes within of the Canadian River before turning southeast and passing through the Arkoma Basin and the western edge of the Ouachita Mountains. It is located in an area once known as the Cross Timbers. It joins the Red River at a point southwest of Hugo, just a few miles upriver from where Highway 271 crosses the Red River at the unincorporated town of Arthur City, Texas.
Lake Atoka is the only lake on the river. It is northeast of the City of Atoka.
Tributaries
Tributaries of Muddy Boggy Creek include Sand, Caney Boggy, Rock, East Fork, Coal, Caney (Coon), North Boggy, McGee, Cold Spring, Lick and Crowder creeks. Major tributaries of Clear Boggy Creek are Jackfork, Coal, Goose, Leader, Delaware, Sandy, Caney, Fronterhouse, Cowpen, Bois d'Arc and Mayhew creeks. According to Pigg, all of the tributaries in the headwaters are short and deep, while those in the lower elevations are short, shallow and filled with dead timber.
Topography
Near the source, the Muddy Boggy passes through the Arbuckle Mountains, and has a gradient of about . By the time it flows through the Cretaceous area, the gradient is only . It then flows through the Ouachita Mountains.
Clear Boggy Creek has a gradient of about near its source and near its mouth.
Watershed
The river basin is about long by wide. The drainage area is , and includes parts of Coal, Pontotoc, Hughes, Pittsburg, Atoka, Johnson, Bryan, Pushmataha, and Choctaw counties.
History
Name origin
Muriel H. Wright wrote that Doctor Jonathan Sibley had reported in 1805, that this stream had been called Vazzures by French explorers. They said this was a corruption of the French word vaseaux, which meant boggy or "miry", because of the deep mud or mire in the channel bottom. Later, English-speaking traders named the stream, using the English translation.
Historical significance
Muddy Boggy Creek was in territorial days considered a particularly defining characteristic, as there were no bridges and the waterway's sandy banks made it difficult to ford. The Pushmataha District, one of three administrative super-regions comprising the Choctaw Nation in the Indian Territory, used it or its tributaries to form boundaries between Atoka County, Jack's Fork County, Jackson County and Kiamitia County. The District's administrative and judicial capital, Mayhew, was said to be positioned "between the forks of the Boggies," a frequent early-day reference to the lower reaches of the river in the plural form.
Notes
References
External links
Hydrology Prediction for Muddy Boggy Creek
Oklahoma Digital Maps: Digital Collections of Oklahoma and Indian Territory
Rivers of Oklahoma
Rivers of Hughes County, Oklahoma
Rivers of Pontotoc County, Oklahoma
Rivers of Coal County, Oklahoma
Rivers of Atoka County, Oklahoma
Rivers of Choctaw County, Oklahoma
Tributaries of the Red River of the South
Ting Hua-tien (born 11 October 2002) is a Taiwanese artistic gymnast who represented their country at the 2018 and 2019 World Championships. Ting competed at the 2020 Olympic Games, making them the first Taiwanese female gymnast to qualify for an Olympic game since 1968.  They are the 2019 Asian Champion on the balance beam.
Early life
Ting was born on 11 October 2002 in Taipei. They first tried gymnastics at a summer camp when they were four years old. Them gymnastics idols are Simone Biles and fellow Taiwanese gymnast Lee Chih-kai.
They have been studying at the Department of Physical Education of the Fu Jen Catholic University since 2021.
Career
In May 2017, Ting competed at the Asian Junior Championships, placing 12th in the all-around and seventh on the balance beam. They also helped the Taiwanese team finish sixth.
Ting turned senior in 2018, making their senior debut at the Gymnasiade in Rabat, Morocco, placing 16th in the all-around. Later that year, they competed at the 2018 World Championships in Doha, Qatar where they placed 66th all-around and 10th on the balance beam during qualifications. They were the second reserve on the balance beam, narrowly missing out on the final.
Ting opened their 2019 season at the Melbourne World Cup where they made the uneven bars and floor exercise finals, finishing seventh and eighth respectively. At the World Cup, Ting submitted an original element, a split leap to ring position with half turn on floor exercise, which was named after them in the Code of Points after they successfully performed it in qualifications.  They are the first Taiwanese gymnast to get a skill named after them in the Code. Ting went on to compete at the Baku World Cup, where they did not reach the finals, and the Doha World Cup, where they placed sixth on the balance beam. In June, Ting competed at the Asian Championships where they placed seventh in the all-around, sixth on the uneven bars, seventh on floor exercise, and won the gold medal on beam. At the World Championships, Ting finished 88th all-around in qualifications, earning a berth for the 2020 Summer Olympics and becoming the first Taiwanese female gymnast to qualify for the Olympics since 1968.
In August 2020, Ting competed at the Taiwan Test Event, a multisport event organized for Taiwanese athletes in place of the postponed Tokyo Olympics. They won the gold medal on the balance beam, taking the silver in the all-around, as well as on vault and the uneven bars.
At the 2020 Summer Olympics, Ting competed on the uneven bars and the balance beam during qualifications, placing 63rd and 50th respectively. They did not advance to the finals.
Eponymous skill
Ting has one eponymous skill listed in the Code of Points.
Competitive history
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Taiwanese female artistic gymnasts
Sportspeople from Taipei
Originators of elements in artistic gymnastics
Gymnasts at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Taiwan
Fu Jen Catholic University alumni
The Hood mockingbird (Mimus macdonaldi), also known as the Española mockingbird, is a species of bird in the family Mimidae. It is endemic to Española Island in the Galápagos Islands, Ecuador, and it is one of four closely related mockingbird species endemic to the Galápagos archipelago. It is found in dry forests and is omnivorous, though it primarily is a carnivore or scavenger. The species has a highly territorial social structure and has no fear of humans. It is the only species of Galápagos mockingbird that Charles Darwin did not see or collect on the voyage of the Beagle.
Description
Similar to the other species of Galápagos mockingbirds, this species has a mottled gray and brown plumage with a white underbelly. A long tail and legs give the bird its distinctive appearance. The species has a long, thin beak, useful for tapping into the eggs of seabirds. The species has the largest bill of any of the Galápagos mockingbirds. The species, along with the other Galápagos mockingbirds, is most closely related to the Bahama mockingbird (Mimus gundlachii), despite the closer geographical proximity of Ecuador's long-tailed mockingbird (Mimus longicaudatus).
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. Found only on Española Island, the bird can be found throughout the dry scrub of the island.
Diet
The species has an omnivorous diet, but is mainly a predator or scavenger. The species will eat the eggs of seabirds nesting on the island, as well as eat from dead animals and kills made by other predators, such as the Galápagos hawk. Sometimes, just like a vampire finch, they will feed on blood of wounded seabirds.
Behavior
The bird is extremely aggressive and curious, and has no fear of humans whatsoever. The bird will chase after tourists in search of food, drink, or any unusual object. In some cases, the species will attempt to obtain water from tourists by pecking at their water bottles.
The birds have a strong social structure organized into family groups. Highly territorial, these groups will cooperatively hunt within their area as well as defend it against other groups. Lower-ranking members of the group will assist in caring for the young.
Status
The bird is considered to be vulnerable in the wild by BirdLife International due mainly to its limited area. The fragile ecosystem and high risk of adverse weather conditions put the species at particular risk of population loss. It is estimated that there are fewer than 2,500 left in the wild.
References
Mimus
Endemic birds of the Galápagos Islands
Birds described in 1890
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Bréguet Br.1001 Taon was a 1950s French prototype single-seat jet strike fighter aircraft built by Bréguet.
Design and development
In 1953 European aircraft manufacturers were invited by NATO to submit aircraft for evaluation for the "LWSF" (Light Weight Strike Fighter) role. The Taon (en: Gadfly, but also an anagram of NATO or the French version OTAN) was designed to meet the requirement. The Taon was a small mid-wing monoplane with swept wings and tail surfaces and retractable tricycle undercarriage. The aircraft was powered by a Bristol Orpheus BOr.3 turbojet. The company was contracted to build three prototypes, the first aircraft flying on the 26 July 1957. The second aircraft incorporated improvements and had a slightly longer fuselage. Development was discontinued and only two aircraft were built.
Operational service
The Taon was evaluated without success, along with other designs which included the Fiat G.91, Northrop N-156, Dassault Étendard VI, Sud-Est Baroudeur and Aerfer Ariete. The NATO nations did not order a common aircraft and the French government preferred to pursue development of the Étendard.
The aircraft set an international speed record for a 1,000 km (620 mi) closed circuit with a speed of 1,046.65 km/h (650.36 mph) at 7,620 m (25,000 ft) on 25 April 1958. On 23 July, it broke the record again at a speed of 1,075 km/h (667.98 mph).
Variants
Br.1001
Prototype powered by a Bristol Orpheus BOr.3 engine, two built.
Br.1002
Proposed missile-carrying interceptor, not built.
Br.1004
Proposed production version powered by a Bristol Orpheus BOr.12 engine, not built.
Specifications (Br.1001 Taon)
See also
References
Bibliography
1001
Single-engined jet aircraft
1950s French fighter aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1957
Kenneth Lucien Hanna (July 8, 1921 - December 10, 1982) was an American jazz trumpeter, arranger, composer, and bandleader, best known for their work with Stan Kenton. Hired in 1942 by Kenton to add commercial arrangements to the library, they also played trumpet in the band before taking a break for military service. They returned to the trumpet section after the war and continued to contribute compositions and arrangements until 1951. They wrote almost 40 forward thinking compositions and arrangements between 1942 and 1951. They returned to the Kenton writing staff in the late 1960s, contributing over 70 more titles between 1968 and 1977.
Hanna was born in Baltimore. They married Margaret Lee Voorhess (1919–1968), with whom they had a son, Donald Voorhess Hanna (1942–2019),and Stephen Charles Hanna (1947-2020),in 1942.
Discography
As leader
1955 Jazz for Dancers
As sideman
With Stan Kenton
Stan Kenton's Milestones (Capitol, 1943–47 [1950])
Stan Kenton Classics (Capitol, 1944–47 [1952])
Artistry in Rhythm (Capitol, 1946)
Encores (Capitol, 1947)
A Presentation of Progressive Jazz (Capitol, 1947)
The Kenton Era (Capitol, 1940–54, [1955])
Uncollected Stan Kenton & Their Orchestra, Vol. 5 (1945–1947) (1994)
City of Glass: Stan Kenton Plays Bob Graettinger (1995)
With others
2001 1947–1949, Nat King Cole
2002 Cool Christy, June Christy
2002 Those Kenton Days, Art Pepper
2003 Summit Meetings 1939–50, The Metronome All-Stars
2003 Young Art, Art Pepper
2008 Nellie's Nightmare, Buddy Rich
Arrangements & compositions created for Kenton
+ indicates original composition
Early years: 1942-1951
April In Paris (1947) The Pastels vocal arranged by Dave Lambert
Atlanta G.A. (1946) June Christy vocal
Begin the Beguine (1944)
Black and Blue (1950) Jay Johnson vocal
Build It Up, Paint It Nice, Tear It Down (1944) Anita O'Day vocal
Dancing in The Dark (1951)
The Day Isn't Long Enough (1951) Jay Johnson vocal
Deep Purple (1951)
Don't Blame Me (1951) Jay Johnson vocal
Durango + (1950)
Gone With The Wind (1950) Jay Johnson vocal
He's My Guy (1942) Eve Knight vocal
How Am I To Know? (1947)
I Don't Want to Cry Any more (1951) Jay Johnson vocal
I Have Faith, So Have You (1943) vocal
I Left My Heart at The Stage Door Canteen (1942) Red Dorris vocal
I Only Have Eyes for You (1951)
I'd Be Lost Without You (1946) June Christy vocal
I'm Through with Love (194?) vocal
In the Still of The Night (1951)
It Ain't Necessarily So (1944) Anita O'Day vocal
The Night We Called It A Day (1946) vocal
Now We Know (1943) vocal
One Dozen Roses (1942) Red Dorris vocal
On the Sunny Side Of The Street (1944) Anita O'Day vocal
September In the Rain (1947) The Pastels vocal arranged by Dave Lambert
Somnambulism + (1947)
Summertime (1945) Gene Howard vocal (long and short versions)
Sunday, Monday Or Always (1943) Dolly Mitchell vocal
Then I'll Be Tired of You (1947) June Christy vocal
This Is Romance (1946) June Christy vocal
Tiare + (1948)
Where or When (1951) Jay Johnson vocal
You May Not Love Me (1946) Gene Howard vocal
You're Not the Kind (1948) June Christy vocal
Later years: 1968-1977
Angel Eyes (1977)
Autumn In New York (197?)
Beeline East + (1972)
Bogota + (1970) (originally composed 1955)
Bon Homme Richard + (1970) featuring Dick Shearer
Bora Bora + (1974) SK band and symphony orchestra
The Breeze and I (1970) trumpet feature
The Breeze and I (1975)
Broadside + (1972)
Close To You (1971)
Concerto To End All Concertos (1970)
Finlandia (1976) Masonic music
For All We Know (1971)
Fragments of A Portrait + (1972)
Frangipani + (1970)
Hagan's Alley + (1976) featuring Tim Hagans
Hindarabi + (1970)
Invitation (1976)
It's Not Easy Bein' Green (1973) Band vocal
Last Tango In Paris (1974)
La Vos Del Viento + (1973) featuring Dick Shearer
Lazy Tiger + (1973)
Lonely Windrose + (1970)
Lonely Windrose + (197?) brass choir & rhythm
Lonely Windrose + (1974) SK band + symphony orchestra
Look Who's Mine (1974)
The Lord's Prayer (1976) Masonic music
Lunada + (1970)
Lunada + (revised 1972)
Lunada + (revised 1973)
Macumba Suite + (in 4 Movements) (1971)
Mantilla + (1976)
Medianoche + (re-working of Vax-Elation, co-composed by Hanna & Hank Levy) (1973)
Montage + (1973)
Montage + (1973) revised shorter version
Montiya + (197?)
Moorea + (1974) SK band + symphony orchestra
Moorea + (1976)
My Way (1971)
Naima + (1974)
No Media Noche + (197?)
Querida * (1973) featuring Stan Kenton
Reflections _ (1972)
Reynolds-Rap + (1973) featuring Roy Reynolds
Send in The Clowns (1974)
Sensitivo + (1975)
September Morn + (1976)
Serapo + (197?)
Similau + (1970)
Sirocco + (1971) featuring Mike Jamieson
Six Adagios (1976) Masonic music
Snowfall (1977)
The Song Is You (1974)
Stars and Stripes Forever (1976) Masonic music
Strangers (1971)
The Summer Knows (1972)
Summer Me, Winter Me (1970)
Theme for Autumn + (1972)
This Is All I Ask (1977) featuring Dick Shearer
Tiare + (1968) Neophonic
Tiare + (1970)
Tiare + (1974) SK band and symphony orchestra
A Time for Love (1974)
Turido + (197?)
Vax + (Vax-Elation) (1972) co-composed by Hanna & Hank Levy, featuring Mike Vax
Wave (1975)
Westwind + (1976)
What Are You Doing the Rest Of Your Life? (1970)
What's New (1977)
You Are the Sunshine of My Life (1974)
You Go to My Head (1976)
You Must Believe In Spring (1977)
References
American jazz trumpeters
American male trumpeters
American jazz bandleaders
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
1982 deaths
1921 births
20th-century American composers
20th-century trumpeters
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century jazz composers
General Waters may refer to:
John Waters (British Army officer, born 1774) (1774–1842), British Army lieutenant general
John Waters (British Army officer, born 1935) (born 1935), British Army general
John K. Waters (1906–1989), United States Army four-star general
Paroedura maingoka is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
References
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2000
The Orange County Fair is an annual county fair in Orange County, Virginia.
The 4-H youth organization has always been a significant contributor to the fair.
After cancelling the 2020 event due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Virginia, the 2021 fair was scheduled for June 23–26 at 14500 Old Gordonsville Road. While attendance on June 23 was free of charge, 24–26 cost per day, or for a three-day pass. Efforts were made to mitigate COVID transmission, though protective face masks were not required.
References
External links
annual fairs
fairs in the United States
Orange County, Virginia
Donald Johnson and Jared Palmer were the defending champions but were eliminated in the round robin.
Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis defeated Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge in the final, 3–6, 6–3, [13–11], to win the gentlemen's invitation doubles tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships.
Draw
Final
Group A
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
Group B
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
External links
Draw
Men's Invitation Doubles
Armenia competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Bobsleigh
Men
Cross-country skiing
Men
Sprint
Pursuit
1 Starting delay based on 10 km C. results.
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle
Women
Sprint
Pursuit
2 Starting delay based on 5 km C. results.
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle
Figure skating
Women
Pairs
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 2002, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
2002 in Armenian sport
This is a list of known governors of the Arabia Petraea. Created in AD 106 following its annexation by the Roman emperor Trajan, it was governed by a senatorial legate until 262, when Gallienus transferred the governorship to equestrian Praesides. It returned to Senatorial appointees with the sole rule of Constantine I after 324, which continued until the province was lost in the 630s.
Legati Augusti pro praetor Arabiae (106–262)
Gaius Claudius Severus (107–116)
Quintus Coredius Gallus Gargilius Antiquus (c. 118)
Tiberius Julius Julianus Alexander (125)
Lucius Aninius Sextius Florentinus (127)
Titus Haterius Nepos (130)
Lucius Aemilius Carus (141–142)
Sextus Cocceius Severianus (145)
Lucius Attidius Cornelianus (150–151)
Gaius Allius Fuscianus (c. 160)
Publius Julius Geminius Marcianus (162–163)
Quintus Antistius Adventus (166–167)
Lucius Claudius Modestus (between 167 and 169)
[...] Severus (c. 177–c. 180)
Quintus Flavius Julius Fronto (c. 181)
Marcus Bassaeus Astur (between c. 188 and c. 195)
Publius Aelius Severianus Maximus (193–194)
Quintus Scribonius Tenax (between 194 and 196)
Marcus Caecilius Fuscianus Crepereianus Floranus (before 198)
Lucius Marius Perpetuus (200–c. 203)
Quintus Aiacius Modestus Crescentianus (either between c. 198 and 200, or between 202 and 204)
Aurelius Aurelianus (209–210)
Quintus Scribonius Tenax
Lucius Alfenus Avitianus (c. 212/215)
Sextus Furnius Julianus (213–214)
Quintus Flavius Balbus (between 213 and 220)
Pica Caerianus (218)
Gaius Furius Sabinus Aquila Timesitheus (vice praeses, acting in place of the legate, in 218 and again 222)
Flavius Julianus (c. 219)
Publius Plotius Romanus (between 211 and 222)
Trebonius Fortunatus (c. 222)
Caecilius Maximus (between 223 and 226)
Claudius Sollemnius Pacatianus (between 223 and 230)
Lucius Egnatius Victor Marinianus (? between 225 and 230)
Pomponius Julianus (236)
Decimus Simonius Proculus Julianus (c. 237/238)
Marcus Domitius Valerianus (c. 238/239)
Claudius Capitolinus (245–246)
Caelius Felix (246–247)
Marcus Aelius Aurelius Theo (between 253 and 259)
Virius Lupus (before 259)
[...]ius Gallonianus (259–260)
Coc[...] Rufinus (? 261–262)
Julianus (held post when two Augustii were ruling jointly)
Erucius Clarus (uncertain date)
Publius Pomponius Secundinus (uncertain date)
Aelius (uncertain date)
Equestrian Praesides Arabiae (262–324)
Junius Olympus (262–263)
Statilius Ammianus (263–264)
Julius Heraclitus (between 265 and 273)
Aurelius Antiochus (between 265 and 273)
Flavius Aelianus (274–275)
Aurelius Petrus (278–279)
Aemillius Aemillianus (282–283)
Domitius Antonius (between 284 and 293)
Marcus Aurelius Aelianus (between 293 and 305)
Aurelius Asclepiades (between 293 and 305)
Aurelius Felicianus (between 293 and 305)
Aurelius Gorgonius (between 293 and 305)
Aelius Flavianus (date uncertain)
Senatorial Praesides Arabiae (324–630)
Flavius Antonius Hierocles (c. 343–344)
Theodorus (346)
Flavius Archelaus (c. 349–350)
Andronicus (c. 356–357)
Maximus (357–358)
Belaeus (362–363)
Ulpianus (364)
Malchus (between 365 and 399)
Flavius Bonus (392)
Sabinianus (?– fourth or fifth century)
Flavius Philocalus (?– fifth century)
Flavius Arcadius Alexander (487)
Hesychius (490)
Flavius Elias (? – late fifth or early sixth century)
Sources
Arabia Petraea
Lists of office-holders in ancient Rome
Marmaduke is a newspaper comic strip revolving around the Winslow family and their Great Dane, Marmaduke, and their best friend, a Balinese cat named Carlos, drawn by Brad Anderson from June 1954 to 2015.
Publication history
The strip was created by Anderson, and sold to the John F. Dille Co. (later known as the National Newspaper Syndicate) in 1954. Anderson said they drew on Laurel and Hardy routines for their ideas. Anderson illustrated the strip, writing it with help from Phil Leeming (1955–1962) and later Dorothy Leeming (1963–1969), and, after August 2, 2004, Anderson's son Paul.
The strip on Sundays also has a side feature called "Dog Gone Funny", in which one or more panels are devoted to dog anecdotes submitted by the fans.
Brad Anderson died on August 30, 2015, at the age of 91, leaving the long-term fate of the strip unknown; strips co-drawn with the help of their son, Paul Anderson, continue to be syndicated.
Characters
Marmaduke – a messy but lovable Great Dane owned by the Winslow family; Marmaduke is a very large example of the breed and has regularly been drawn as apparently measuring 40 inches (102 cm) and upwards at the withers.
Carlos – an incomparable Balinese cat who is Marmaduke's best friend
Phil – patriarch of the Winslow family
Debbie – matriarch of the Winslow family
Barbara ("Barbie") – the Winslows' older child
Brian (or "Billy") – the Winslows' younger child
Mr. and Mrs. Snyder – the Winslows' neighbors
King Tut – A Siamese cat, based on Brad Anderson's pet, who is Marmaduke's nemesis
Reception
Brad Anderson won the National Cartoonists Society's Reuben Award for Newspaper Panel Cartoon in 1978, and the George Arents Pioneer Medal for Syracuse University alumni in 1999.
As of 2015, Marmaduke continues to be widely syndicated, and is popular with readers. Attempts to cancel Marmaduke have drawn protest, such as those by readers of The Toronto Star in 1999, of the Sarasota Herald Tribune in 2007, and of the Chicago Sun-Times in 1986.
Criticism
The strip's longevity and perceived monotony have been noted by satirical publications such as The Onion and have made it the butt of jokes. It has become "a hot source of retro-ironic-subversive humor." For example, a blog called "Joe Mathlete Explains Today's Marmaduke" deconstructs the strip to offer an alternative explanation for what is happening in the drawing. Another blog called "Marmaduke Can Vote" gives each panel a political slant, while another called "Poignant Marmaduke" changes all the captions to make the comics sad. Additionally, "The Marmaduke Project" re-imagines Marmaduke in other forms.
In their satirical analysis at The Comic Strip Doctor, David Malki of Wondermark ranked Marmaduke among "the worst newspaper comic strips," alongside Heathcliff, Family Circus, and Dennis the Menace.
Adaptations
Animated series
Ruby-Spears produced Marmaduke segments for the 1980 animated series Heathcliff, whose title character was also based on a comic strip character. In this animated version, the male characters were voiced by Paul Winchell and the females were voiced by Russi Taylor.
Films
A live-action Marmaduke movie, in which the Winslows and their dog move from Kansas to California, was released on June 4, 2010 and received generally negative reviews from critics. The film featured Owen Wilson as the voice of Marmaduke, Lee Pace as Phil Winslow, Judy Greer as Debbie Winslow, Caroline Sunshine as Barbara Winslow, and Finley Jacobsen as Brian Winslow.
It was announced on the Andrews McMeel website that an animated film adaptation of Marmaduke was planned to be released sometime in 2022. The film featured Pete Davidson as Marmaduke, J.K. Simmons as Zeus, Brian Hull as Guy Hilton, Shelby Young as Shantrelle, and David Koechner as Phil Winslow. It was released on Netflix on May 6, 2022 and like the live-action film was panned by critics.
References
General
Strickler, Dave. Syndicated Comic Strips and Artists, 1924–1995: The Complete Index. Cambria, CA: Comics Access, 1995. .
External links
National Cartoonists Society Awards
Today's Marmaduke strip at GoComics.com
American comic strips
Fictional dogs
1954 comics debuts
Fictional characters from Kansas
Comics about dogs
Comics characters introduced in 1954
Gag cartoon comics
Gag-a-day comics
American comics characters
American comics adapted into films
Comics adapted into animated series
Comics adapted into television series
Marmaduke
Gertrud is a novel written by Hermann Hesse, first published in 1910. It has been published into English by Peter Owen Publishers, London.
Plot summary
Styled as the memoir of a famous composer named Kuhn, Gertrud tells of their childhood and young adult years before it comes to the heart of the story; their relationships to two troubled artists, the eponymous Gertrud Imthor, and the opera singer Heinrich Muoth. Kuhn is drawn to Gertrud upon their first encounter, but they fall in love with and marries Muoth, whom the composer befriended as well some years before. The two are hopelessly ill-matched, and their destructive relationship provides the basis for Kuhn's magnum opus.
Analysis
Like many of Hesse's novels, there is a strong influence derived from Nietzsche, specifically their work The Birth of Tragedy. Muoth represents the passionate Dionysian elements of art, while Gertrud represents the more refined Apollonian elements. The fact that Kuhn's opera is the result of their relationship suggests the combining of the two elements to form a work of high art.
1910 German-language novels
German philosophical novels
Novels by Hermann Hesse
Novels about composers
Novels about music
20th-century German novels
A pocket is a bag- or envelope-like receptacle either fastened to or inserted in an article of clothing to hold small items. Pockets are also attached to luggage, backpacks, and similar items. In older usage, a pocket was a separate small bag or pouch.
Origins
Ancient people used leather or cloth pouches to hold valuables. Ötzi (also called the "Iceman"), who lived around 3,300 BCE, had a belt with a pouch sewn to it that contained a cache of useful items: a scraper, drill, flint flake, bone awl, and a dried tinder fungus.
In European clothing, fitchets, resembling modern day pockets, appeared in the 13th century. Vertical slits were cut in the super tunic, which did not have any side openings, to allow access to purse or keys slung from the girdle of the tunic. According to historian Rebecca Unsworth, it was in the late 15th century that pockets became more noticeable. During the 16th century, pockets increased in popularity and prevalence.
In slightly later European clothing, pockets began by being hung like purses from a belt, which could be concealed beneath a coat or jerkin to discourage pickpocketing and reached through a slit in the outer garment.
In the 17th century, pockets began to be sewn into men's clothing, but not women's, which continued to be tied on and hidden under the large skirts popular at the time.
The word appears in Middle English as pocket, and is taken from a Norman diminutive of Old French poke, pouque, modern poche, cf. pouch. The form "poke" is now only used in dialect, or in such proverbial sayings as "a pig in a poke".
Historically, the term "pocket" referred to a pouch worn around the waist by women in the 17th to 19th centuries, mentioned in the rhyme Lucy Locket. In these pockets, women would carry items needed in their daily lives, such as scissors, pins and needles, and keys.
Types
A watch pocket or fob pocket is a small pocket designed to hold a pocket watch, sometimes found in men's trousers and waistcoats and in traditional blue jeans. However, due to the decline in popularity of pocket watches, these pockets are rarely used for their original intended purpose.
A besom pocket or slit pocket is a pocket cut into a garment instead of being sewn on. These pockets often have reinforced piping along the slit of the pocket, appearing perhaps as an extra piece of fabric or stitching. Besom pockets are found on a tuxedo jacket or trousers and may be accented with a flap or button closure.
Camp pockets or cargo pockets are pockets which have been sewn to the outside of the garment. They are usually squared off and are characterized by seaming.
A beer pocket is a small pocket within a jacket or vest sized specifically for transporting a bottle of beer. It came into fashion in the 1910s in select areas of the American midwest, prior to Prohibition, after which it faded into relative obscurity before experiencing minor revivals in the 1980s and early 2000s.
Examples of pocket designs
In some of the following illustrations, a folded blue handkerchief is included for illustration purposes:
See also
Handbag
Pocket square
Reticule
Wallet
References
Further reading
Different Types of Pocket
External links
BBC - h2g2 - A Very Brief History of the Pocket
18th Century Women's Pockets
Pockets at the V&A
A History of Pockets, Victoria and Albert Museum
Pockets of History
Parts of clothing
Montserrat Julió (1929 – 26 January 2017) was a Spanish film and television actor. They died on 26 January 2017 at aged 88.
Partial filmography
La cárcel de cristal (1957) - Irene Alsuaga
Sendas marcadas (1957) - Policía
Cumbres luminosas (Montserrat) (1957) - Madre de Freddie
A Land for All (1962) - Teresa
La cuarta ventana (1963) - Adela
La Tía Tula (1964) - Paquita
El Diablo también llora (1965) - Carmen Castariega
The Art of Living (1965) - Ana's Sister
La visita que no tocó el timbre (1965) - María Luisa
La Barrera (1966) - Mujer del panadero
El arte de no casarse (1966)
Zampo y yo (1966) - Clara - la doncella
Cuando tú no estás (1966)
Codo con codo (1967)
Club de solteros (1967)
El Baldiri de la costa (1968)
Susana (1969)
Chicas de club (1970) - Madre
Goya, a Story of Solitude (1971)
Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo (1972) - Agatha, a party guest (uncredited)
The Blood Spattered Bride (1972) - Carol's mother
A Candle for the Devil (1973) - Beatriz
Horror Rises from the Tomb (1973) - Odile
Vengeance of the Zombies (1973) - Flora
Murder in a Blue World (1973) - Presentadora programa cine
Autopsia (1973) - Mujer de Azcona
Manolo, la nuit (1973)
Vida conyugal sana (1974)
El chulo (1974)
Sex o no sex (1974) - Madre de Paco
Tocata y fuga de Lolita (1974) - Adela
Los nuevos españoles (1974) - Martirio
No encontré rosas para mi madre (1974) - Amiga de Teresa
Una abuelita de antes de la guerra (1975)
Das Tal der tanzenden Witwen (1975) - Cecily Breidlinger
¡Ya soy mujer! (1975) - Amelia
El paranoico (1975) - Vecina de Esther (uncredited)
Robin and Marian (1976) - 1st Sister
Batida de raposas (1976) - Secretaria de Leandro
El segundo poder (1976) - Hermana Portera
Foul Play (1977) - Alcaldesa
Tío, ¿de verdad vienen de París? (1977) - Laura
Impossible Love (1977) - Adela
Doña Perfecta (1977) - Remedios
Las truchas (1978)
Alice in Spanish Wonderland (1978) - Profesora de historia
La visita del vicio (1978) - Sally
La ràbia (1978)
La rebelión de los pájaros (1982)
Wheels on Meals (1984)
Puzzle (1986) - Esposa Luis
Mi general (1987)
References
External links
Montserrat Julió at the Association of Catalan Language Writers, AELC.
1929 births
2017 deaths
Spanish television actores
Spanish film actores
Film actores from Catalonia
People from Barcelona
Aqilabad (, also Romanized as ‘Aqīlābād; also known as Aghil Abad) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,571, in 441 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Jean-Baptiste Ferré (February 12, 1767 – February 27, 1828) was a miller and political figure in Lower Canada. They represented York in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1815 to 1820. Their name also appears as Jean-Baptiste Féré.
They were born in Quebec City, the son of Jean-Baptiste Ferré and Angélique Brisson, and later settled in Saint-Eustache. In 1788, they married Josephte Bouchard. Ferré developed a process for making grinding wheels for flour mills but was unable to secure exclusive use of this process. They served as a captain in the militia during the War of 1812 but was stripped of their rank by governor George Ramsay in 1827. Ferré was first elected to the assembly in an 1815 by-election held following the death of William Forbes and was reelected in 1816. They did not run for reelection to the assembly in 1820. Ferré died in Saint-Eustache at the age of 61.
References
1767 births
1828 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada
Politicians from Quebec City
"El Choclo" (South American Spanish: meaning "The Corn Cob") is a popular song written by Ángel Villoldo, an Argentine musician. Allegedly written in honour of and taking its title from the nickname of the proprietor of a nightclub, who was known as "El Choclo". It is one of the most popular tangos in Argentina.
History
The piece was premiered in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1903 – the date appears on a program of the venue – at the elegant restaurant El Americano on Cangallo 966 (today Teniente General Perón 966) by the orchestra led by José Luis Roncallo.
"El Choclo" has been recorded (without vocals) by many dance orchestras, especially in Argentina. A number of vocal versions were recorded in the United States in 1952, but the most popular was the one by Georgia Gibbs, which reached #1 on the Billboard chart under the name "Kiss of Fire".
Tony Martin's version reached #6, Toni Arden's #14, Billy Eckstine's #16, Louis Armstrong's #20, and Guy Lombardo's version reached #30. There are Spanish versions of "Kiss of Fire" by Connie Francis and Nat King Cole. In 1953 Olavi Virta and Metro-Tytöt released a Finnish version, titled "Tulisuudelma", which means "Kiss of Fire". The Finnish words, by "Kullervo" (Tapio Kullervo Lahtinen), closely follow the English. In 2001 the hip-hop group Delinquent Habits made the song known to a new generation when they released "Return of the tres", which relies heavily on samplings from a Mariachi version of the classical tango. The latest edition to this tune is included in the 2013 production by 7 Notas Music Designers of "Red Soul" by Manee Valentine.
Lyrics
The original lyrics by Villoldo specifically sang about the corn cob as food. They later wrote another version titled "Cariño Puro" (meaning Pure Tenderness). Another version was written by Marambio Catán, but the most popular remains Enrique Santos Discépolo's (1947), which sing about tango as a way of life. Louis Armstrong sang English lyrics using the title El Choclo (Kiss of Fire). This English word variant was translated back into Spanish as Beso de Fuego and as such the song was sung by Connie Francis.
In Russian, El Choclo serves as the melody for the well-known blatnaya pesnya (criminals' song) На Дерибасовской открылася пивная ("a beer bar opened up on De Ribas Street").
Recorded versions
Victor Orchestra (1912)
International Novelty Orchestra (1928)
Toni Arden (1952)
Louis Armstrong (1952)
Billy Eckstine (1952)
Hibari Misora
Connie Francis
Georgia Gibbs (1952)
David Hughes
Allan Sherman Parody entitled Kiss of Meyer (not the same as Katz's version)
Mickey Katz Parody entitled Kiss of Meyer
Guy Lombardo and their Royal Canadians (vocal: Kenny Gardner) (1952)
Tony Martin (1952)
Ella Mae Morse as It's So Exciting
Anne Shelton
Victor Silvester
Caterina Valente
Billy Vaughn Orchestra
Jimmy Young (1952)
Olavi Virta (1915–1972) of Finland (1953)
Nat King Cole (1959)
Ikue Mori (1995)
Julio Iglesias (1996)
Tav Falco's Panther Burns (1996)
Violetta Villas (1993)
Lam Nhat Tien (1998)
Duane Andrews (2004)
Hugh Laurie featuring Gaby Moreno (2013)
Ray Conniff with their orchestra and chorus for the album "Rhapsody in Love" (1962) as "Kiss Of Fire"
Parov Stelar as El Tango Del Fuego featuring Georgia Gibbs (2020)
Gregory Golub - jazz piano version (2020)
Manee Valentine Kiss of Fire - updated Louis Armstrong cover 2013
References
External links
TodoTango article on the premiere of El Choclo
TodoTango article on El Choclo
El Choclo sheet music
Number-one singles in the United States
Tangos
Louis Armstrong songs
Caterina Valente songs
1903 songs
ʻAbd al-Ḥamīd (ALA-LC romanization of ) is a Muslim male given name, and in modern usage, surname. It is built from the Arabic words ʻabd and al-Ḥamīd, one of the names of God in the Qur'an, which gave rise to the Muslim theophoric names. It means "servant of the All-laudable".
It is rendered as Abdolhamid in Persian and Abdülhamit in Turkish.
It may refer to:
Given name
Abd al-Hamid al-Katib (died 749), Umayyad official and Islamic scholar
'Abd al-Hamīd ibn Turk (fl. 830), Turkish Muslim mathematician
Abdul Hamid Lahori (died 1654), Indian traveller and court historian of Shah Jahan
Abdul Hamid Baba (died c.1732), Pashtun poet
Abdul Hamid I (1725–1789), sultan of the Ottoman Empire
Abdul Hamid (surveyor) (died ?1864), surveyor in Central Asia
Abdul Hamid II (1842–1918), sultan of the Ottoman Empire
Abdul Hamid Halim of Kedah (1864–1943), Sultan of Kedah
Maulana Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani (1880–1976), political leader in Pakistan and Bangladesh
Abdulhamid Bey Gaytabashi (1884–1920), Chief of General Staff of Azerbaijani Armed Forces
Abdelhamid Ben Badis (1889–1940), Algerian Muslim scholar
Abdul Hamid Karami (1890–1950), Lebanese politician
‘Abdu'l-Hamíd Ishráq-Khávari (1902–1972), Iranian Bahá'í scholar
Sufi Abdul Hamid (1903–1938), African-American religious and labor leader
Syarif Abdul Hamid Alkadrie (1913-1978), Sultan of Pontianak, Indonesia
Abdel Hamid al-Sarraj (born 1925), Syrian soldier and politician
Fouad Abdulhameed Alkhateeb (1925–1995), Saudi Arabian diplomat and business person
Abdul Hamid Madarshahi (1869–1920), Bengali Islamic scholar and author
Abdelhamid Mehri (born 1926), Algerian politician
Abdelhamid Bouchouk (1927–2004), Algerian footballer
Abdul Hamid (field hockey) (1927–2019), Gold medallist for Pakistan in 1960 Olympics
Abdul Hameed (writer) (1928–2011), Pakistani Urdu writer
Abdul Hamid Omar (1929–2009), Malaysian judge
Abdelhamid I. Sabra, known as A. I. Sabra (born ca. 1930), Egyptian-American historian of science
Abdelhamid Kermali (born 1931), Algerian footballer and football manager
Abdul Hamid (soldier) (1933–1965), Indian soldier and recipient of the Param Vir Chakra
Abd al-Hamid Kishk (1933–1996), Egyptian preacher, scholar of Islam and author
Abdul Hamid al-Bakkoush (1933–2007), Libyan politician
Omar Abdul Hamid Karami, known as Omar Karami (born 1934), Lebanese politician
Abdelhamid Brahimi (born 1936), Prime Minister of Algeria
Mohsen Abdel Hamid (born 1937), Iraqi politician
Abdelhamid Sharaf (1939–1980), Prime Minister of Jordan
Abdelhamid Slama (born 1941), Tunisian politician
Abdul Hamid II (field hockey) (born 1942), Silver medallist for Pakistan in 1964 Olympics
Abdul Hameed Dogar (born 1944), Pakistani judge
Abdul Hamid (politician) (born 1944), President of Bangladesh
Abdul Hamid Pawanteh (born 1944), Malaysian politician
Abdul Hameed Nayyar (born 1945), Pakistani physicist
Abdolhamid Fathi (born 1948), Iranian fencer
Wadgy Abd el-Hamied Mohamed Ghoneim (born ca. 1952), Egyptian Islamic preacher and writer
Abdul Hamid Khan (politician) (born 1953), Pakistani politician
Abdellatif Abdelhamid (born 1954), Syrian film director
Gamal Abdelhamid (born 1957), Egyptian footballer (Zamalek)
Abdelhamid Halim Ben-Mabrouk, known as Halim Benmabrouk (born 1960), French-Algerian footballer
Mohamed Fouad Abd El Hamid Hassan, known as Mohammad Fouad (born 1961), Egyptian singer
Abdel Hamid al-Ghazzawi (born 1962), Libyan Guantanamo detainee
Ammar Abdulhamid (born 1966), Syrian political activist
Yushau Abdulhameed Shuaib or Yushau Shuaib (born 1969), Nigerian writer
Wazi Abdul Hamid (born 1971), Malaysian motorcyclist
Abdelhamid Hassan (born 1972), Egyptian footballer
Tamer Abdel Hamid (born 1975), Egyptian footballer (Zamalek)
Abdolhamid Rigi (ca. 1979–2010), Iranian executed for terrorist offences
Amir Abdelhamid (born 1979), Egyptian footballer (El-Ahly)
Ahmed Hossam Hussein Abdelhamid, known as Mido (footballer) (born 1983), Egyptian footballer
Abdel Hamid Ahmed (born 1984), Egyptian footballer (El-Ahly)
Abdelhameed Amarri (born 1984), Sudanese footballer
Abdul Hameid Shabana (born 1985), Egyptian footballer
Abdul Hadi Abdul Hamid (born 1987), Malaysian footballer
Abdelhamid Abaaoud (1987–2015), terrorist involved in the November 2015 Paris attacks
Abdülhamit Yıldız (born 1987), Turkish footballer
Mustafa Abdul-Hamid (born 1988), American basketball player
Abdelhamid Abuhabib (born 1989), Palestinian Footballer
Abdelhamid El Kaoutari (born 1990), French footballer of Moroccan descent
Abdul Hamid, known as Bill Hamid (born 1990), American soccer player
Abdulrahim Abdulhameed (born 1990), Bahraini Taekwondo practitioner
Mohd Zabri Abdul Hamid (died 1975), Malaysian police officer
Diwan Bhai Abdul Hamid, Chief Minister of Kapurthala Princely State in India under the British Raj
Khwaja Abdul Hamied, Indian chemist and business person
Abid Al-Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti, or Abid Hamid Mahmud, Iraqi military officer
Abdul Hamid Khan (general), Pakistani soldier
Abdullah Sani Abdul Hamid, Malaysian politician
Abdelhamid Temmar, Algerian politician
Abdul Hamid Ali Hassan, Bahraini diplomat
Abdol-Hamid Heyrat Sajjadi, Iranian writer
Abdul Hamid Adiamoh, Nigerian journalist
Molavi Abdul Hamid, Iranian cleric
Ja'far 'Abd Al-Hamid, Iraqi-British film-maker
Abdelhamid Abdou, Egyptian footballer
Abdul Hamid Bassiouny, Egyptian footballer (Haras el Hodood)
An alias used by John Walker Lindh, American enemy combatant for Taliban
Minister Abdul Hamid (1886–1963), former Education Minister of Assam
Family or father name
Ammar Abdulhamid (born 1966), Syrian writer
Asmaa Abdol-Hamid (born 1981), Danish social worker and politician
Dina bint 'Abdu'l-Hamid (born 1929), Egyptian, first wife of King Hussein of Jordan
Rana Abdelhamid, Egyptian-American self-defense advocate
Sara Abdel-Hamid, known as Ikonika, British electronic musician, producer and DJ
See also
Kolej Sultan Abdul Hamid, school in Malaysia
Abdul Hamid Sharaf School, school in Jordan
Masjid Abdul Hamid, mosque in Singapore
Ottoman submarine Abdül Hamid, constructed 1886
References
Arabic masculine given names
Iranian masculine given names
Turkish masculine given names
ca:Abd-al-Hamid
it:'Abd al-Hamid#Persone
Howick Farmhouse, in the hamlet of Howick, near Itton, Monmouthshire is a farmhouse dating from the mid-16th century. It is a Grade II* listed building. Its associated barns and stable block have their own Grade II listings.
History
Sir Cyril Fox and Lord Raglan date the house to 1540–1550 in their three-volume guide Monmouthshire Houses. It was extended in the 17th century, and altered in the 19th century. It remains a private house and had further, minor, modifications in the 20th century.
Architecture and description
The architectural historian John Newman describes the farmhouse and its buildings as "a fine group". Cadw records the farmhouse as a "a very good 16th century yeoman's house". The house is built entirely of stone, an approach to construction then rare in Monmouthshire, although common in England. It is built to a two-room, two-storey plan, with a slate roof. The building is notable for its impressive Tudor windows and a "rich" range of interior period features.
The farmhouse is a Grade II* listed building. Its two barns and the associated stable block have their own Grade II listings.
Notes
References
Grade II* listed buildings in Monmouthshire
Farmhouses in Wales
Grade II* listed houses in Wales
The Walter A. Sheaffer House, also known as the Craig & Margaret Abolt House, is a historic residence located in Fort Madison, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. The listing includes two structures, the main house and the garage cottage.
History
Walter A. Sheaffer was the inventor of the lever-filled fountain pen, and they founded the Sheaffer Pen Company to produce it. The house is part of a complex of houses built by the Sheaffer family. The Craig and Virginia Sheaffer House (1929), Walter's son and daughter-in-law, located just to the east of this house is also listed on the National Register. The Walter Sheaffer House is a structure completed in 1930. It was designed by the Chicago architectural firm of Mayo and Mayo. The other two houses in the complex were built later for Craig and Virginia's sons Walter and John.
Architecture
The Walter Sheaffer House is located at the top of a bluff overlooking the Mississippi River. The house is a combination of Tudor Revival and Renaissance Revival features that when used together are known as the Jacobean style. The Tudor Revival features of the 2½-story brick house are two stone-parapeted gables, two dormers with half-timbered gable ends, a two-story stone-framed bay window, and a porte cochere with three flattened arches in the Tudor style. The corner and window quoins are from the Renaissance Revival style.
The single-story garage cottage served as the living quarters for the Sheaffer's butler/chauffeur and their wife, who served the family as their cook. The three garage entrances are in an exposed basement. The Tudor Revival structure is also brick laid in a common bond.
References
Houses completed in 1930
Jacobean architecture in Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Lee County, Iowa
Houses in Fort Madison, Iowa
Lepidodactylus flaviocularis, also known as the yellow-eyed scaly-toed gecko or yellow-eyed gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1992
Dave Joppie (born December 11, 1965 in Hastings, Michigan) is an American professional baseball coach and minor league manager. They currently work for the Milwaukee Brewers organization.
Dave Joppie is a former Lakewood High School graduate, Aquinas College baseball player and men's college basketball official. They worked games in the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference, Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association and Wolverine-Hoosier Athletic Conference for almost 20 years, deciding to retire from officiating after the 2009–2010 basketball season to concentrate exclusively on baseball.
In 1995 Joppie joined the Oakland Athletics organization as the hitting coach of the Double-A Huntsville Stars for two seasons. They went on to coach Class A+ Modesto A's (1997), then returned with Huntsville (1998) before joining Class A+ Visalia Oaks (1999).
In 2000, they were promoted to manage Single-A Vancouver Canadians. They led their team to a record of 39-37 (.513), good for a fourth place in the Northwest League. They returned to coaching with Double-A Midland RockHounds from 2001 to 2003 and later managed Class-A Kane County Cougars in 2004 and 2005.
In their first season with the Cougars, Joppie guided them to a first-place finish in the Midwest League West Division with a record of 83-56 (.597), but lost the final series to the West Michigan Whitecaps. At the end of the season, they were named both Midwest League Manager of the Year and Baseball America's Class Low-A Minor League Manager of the Year. In 2005, their team finished with a mark of 70-69 (.504) and failed to secure a playoff berth.
Joppie worked in the Athletics system in 11 uninterrupted seasons before joining the Boston Red Sox organization as the hitting coach for Class-A Wilmington Blue Rocks in 2006. They then joined Single-A Lancaster JetHawks in 2007, helping the team to a record offensive season in which they set all-time California League records with 1,081 runs and 217 home runs while leading the circuit in batting average (.296), hits (1,493), and base on balls (672).
They continued their success as a hitting coach upon coming to Double-A Portland Sea Dogs in 2008, where they guided the team to the best on-base percentage in the 12-team Eastern League in their first season (.351) and in 2010 (.347).
In 2011 the Sea Dogs topped the league in runs (684), doubles (298) and slugging average (.422), along with the second best on-base pct. (.339) and the third best in batting average (.267). The Portland hitters batted for a combined .255 average in 2012, while leading the league in doubles (272) and ending fourth in home runs (112).
They gained a promotion to Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox of the International League for the 2013 season. and returned to Pawtucket in the same capacity in 2014 helping guide the Paw Sox' hitters to the International League championship.
For the 2015 season, Joppie headed back to the Double-A Portland Sea Dogs for their tenth and final year with the Boston Red Sox organization.
As a batting coach during their Boston tenure, Joppie has been credited for the development of players such as Josh Reddick (2008–2009), Ryan Kalish (2009–2010), Daniel Nava (2009), Ryan Lavarnway (2010–2011), Anthony Rizzo (2010), Will Middlebrooks (2011), Xander Bogaerts (2012-2013), Jackie Bradley Jr. (2012-2014) and Mookie Betts (2014).
In 2017, Dave signed a contract with the Milwaukee Brewers to become the hitting coach for the Single-A Carolina Mudcats of the Carolina League. On January 31, 2018, Joppie was named hitting coach for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox, the Brewers' Triple-A affiliate. In 2019, they were named the hitting coach for the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers.
Sources
Minor league baseball managers
Minor league baseball coaches
People from Hastings, Michigan
1965 births
Living people
Baseball coaches from Michigan
Aquinas Saints baseball players
Goatman or Goat man may refer to:
Goatman (urban legend), a legendary creature from Prince George's County, Maryland, United States
Goatman (Kentucky), also known as the Pope Lick Monster, a legendary creature of Louisville, Kentucky, United States
Goatman (Texas), also known as the Lake Worth monster, a legendary creature from Lake Worth, Texas, United States
GoatMan: How I Took a Holiday from Being Human, a 2016 book by Thomas Thwaites
The Goat Man, Ches McCartney (died 1998), American traveler
Goatman or faun, mythical creature from Roman mythology
Goatman or Faunus, Roman god and leader of the fauns
Bryan Charles (born 19 June 1995) is a West Indian cricketer. They were part of the West Indies' squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They made their List A debut for West Indies B in the 2018–19 Regional Super50 tournament on 3 October 2018.
In June 2020, they were selected by Trinidad and Tobago, in the players' draft hosted by Cricket West Indies ahead of the 2020–21 domestic season.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago cricketers
West Indies B cricketers
{|
{{Infobox ship career
|Hide header=
|Ship country=United States
|Ship flag=
|Ship name=* William H. Carruth
Camel|Ship namesake=* William Herbert Carruth
The camel
|shipowner=
|Ship operator=
|Ship registry=
|Ship route=
|Ship ordered=
|Ship awarded=
|Ship builder=
|Ship original cost=
|shipyard number=
|Ship way number=
|Ship laid down=
|Ship launched=31 October 1943
|Ship sponsor=
|Ship christened=
|Ship completed=
|Ship acquired=22 November 1943
|Ship commissioned=22 November 1943
|Ship recommissioned=
|Ship decommissioned=22 May 1946
|Ship maiden voyage=
|Ship in service=
|Ship out of service=
|Ship renamed=
|Ship reclassified=
|Ship refit=
|Ship struck=
|Ship reinstated=
|Ship homeport=
|Ship identification=
|Ship motto=
|Ship nickname=
|Ship honours=
|Ship honors=
|Ship captured=
|Ship fate=Returned to the Maritime Commission 24 May 1946. Scrapped in 1963 at Tacoma Washington
|Ship notes=
|Ship badge=
}}
|}
USS Camel (IX-133), an Armadillo-class tanker, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the camel, a ruminant found in Asia and Africa. They were launched 31 October 1943 as William H. Carruth by California Shipbuilding Corporation, in Wilmington, California, under a Maritime Commission contract sponsored by Mrs. J. Low, was acquired by the Navy 22 November 1943, and commissioned the same day.Camel sailed from San Pedro, California, on 1 January 1944, for Tarawa, where they arrived 24 January to deliver aviation gasoline for use in the aerial reconnaissance missions then flown from that island. From February through August, Camel operated on shuttle service, supplying fleet units and shore installations throughout the Marshall Islands and Mariana Islands with petroleum products. At Saipan, while discharging, Camel discovered two Japanese stowaways, both of whom jumped overboard. One was killed. The survivor told of their hope to reach Hawaii or the United States.Camel continued to supply the forces on Saipan and Guam from Eniwetok until 27 March 1945, when they cleared Ulithi for the Ryukyu Islands. After serving as station tanker at Kerama Retto from 2 April to 8 July, they sailed to Okinawa as headquarters ship for Service Division 104. During this period, their guns aided in driving off the massive effort of the Japanese to halt the operation by air attacks, and on 6 April they took part in splashing one enemy aircraft.
The tanker returned to the East Coast after occupation duty, was decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, 22 May 1946, and was returned to the Maritime Commission 24 May 1946.Camel'' received one battle star for World War II service.
References
External links
Photo gallery at Navsource.org
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
1943 ships
DeAlva Eyvonnie Sibley (May 25, 1922 – July 20, 1998), better known by their ring name June Byers, was an American women's professional wrestler famous in the 1950s and early 1960s. They held the Women's World Championship for ten years and is a member of the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame.  They are overall a three-time women's world champion.
Early life
Born in Houston, Texas, the tomboyish Sibley grew up around wrestling. Them uncle, Ottoway Roberts, worked for local wrestling promoter Morris Siegel, and as they got older, they often hung around the wrestlers and asked them to teach them their moves. On one occasion while DeAlva was playing around in the ring, the women's wrestling promoter Billy Wolfe happened to see them and recognized their potential. Already divorced once and facing poverty, they accepted Wolfe's offer to be trained as a professional wrestler.
Professional wrestling career
Taking their family nickname of "June" and their ex-husband's last name of "Byers" for their ring name, Sibley made their professional debut in 1944. They spent the first years of their career traveling the country in Wolfe's promotion, sometimes winning preliminary matches but regularly losing to the more established stars such as Mae Young and champion Mildred Burke. Slowly rising in the ranks, they first won gold in 1952 when they and partner Millie Stafford won the Tag Title over Young and Ella Waldek.
That same year Mildred Burke had a bitter falling-out with husband Wolfe and departed the promotion, leaving the world title vacant. On June 14, 1953, a still relatively unknown Byers won a 13-woman tournament in Baltimore to claim the belt. They quickly became a popular fan favorite champion, even appearing as a contestant on the popular game shows What's My Line? and I've Got A Secret on August 16, 1953.
After a year of tense negotiation, Wolfe finally coaxed Burke into meeting Byers in a definitive two out of three falls match on August 20, 1954 in Atlanta, Georgia. Byers won the first fall, and then the match was called after an hour during the second fall. In the book The Queen of the Ring author Jeff Leen writes that despite battling injuries, Burke was able to hold Byers to a stalemate after dropping the first fall and thus deprive them of the second fall they needed to truly defeat Burke. Despite the inconclusive finish, the Atlanta Athletic Commission eventually awarded the match to Byers. Burke angrily returned to their own promotion, the World Women's Wrestling Association, where they held its title and billed themselves as world champion. They maintained later that they had dropped the first fall with the intent to compete stronger in the second, and it is noted that Wolfe used all possible connections to try to get a win for their new star (and daughter-in-law) Byers. Byers, for their part, stressed that "Mildred claims they aren't defeated, but I pinned them in the first fall. During the second fall, they left the ring and refused to come back. Regardless of what they told people, it was a shoot." Whatever the truth, the match outcome was satisfactory enough for the media to discredit Burke and acknowledge Byers as the legitimate world champion. Jeff Leen's account in Queen of the Ring contradicts Byer's claims about Burke leaving the ring and refusing to return. Furthermore, Leen details how Billy Wolfe had a great deal to do with putting Byers over as the "winner" and they quote the ring announcer following the match as saying, "Commissioner stops the bout. Mildred Burke is still officially champion of the world".
As the face of women's wrestling for the next decade, Byers's athleticism and technical skills did much to open new markets for women's wrestling and improve its perception in the eyes of the public as being more than mere tawdry spectacle. Complementing their repertoire of scientific moves was their toughness in an age of very tough women, and they were known for working incredibly stiff against newcomers: one such wrestler recalled getting a broken nose and two black eyes from Byers intentionally punching them in the face. Byers wrestled many matches with Penny Banner, and the two had great respect for one another: Byers ranked Banner as among their toughest opponents, while Banner named Byers the greatest of all time.
In 1956, the Baltimore Athletic Commission stripped Byers of the NWA Championship when they announced their plans to retire as champion. A thirteen-woman battle royal was used to determine the new champion. After The Fabulous Moolah won the championship, Byers came out of retirement to challenge them for the title, but Byers lost the match.
On March 31, 2017, Byers was posthumously inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame as a part of the Legacy wing.
Personal life
The Fabulous Moolah alleges that while traveling with Billy Wolfe's troupe of female wrestlers, Byers often slept with Wolfe (despite their marriage to Burke) in order to get better bookings.
Upon Wolfe's death, Byers moved to St. Louis to work for wrestling promoter, and later TV ring announcer, Sam Menacker, who became their third husband. In 1963, while attempting to drive after being hit in the head with a Coke bottle, Byers experienced quadruple vision and collided with a tree. The leg damage from the auto accident cut their career short at age 41 and forced them to retire on January 1, 1964. In their later life, they had double vision from the incident.
Byers returned to Texas after retirement from the ring, becoming a real estate agent. They had two children, Billy and Jewel. Them son was fatally electrocuted in an accident, and Byers was reportedly never the same afterward. They died of pneumonia at their Houston home in 1998.
Championships and accomplishments
Independent
Women's World Championship (1 time)
Women's World Championship Tournament (1953)
American Wrestling Association
AWA World Women's Championship (1 time)
Championship Wrestling from Florida
NWA Florida Women's Championship (1 time)
NWA World Women's Tag Team Championship (Florida version) (2 times) - with Millie Stafford (1) and Mary Jane Mull (1)
St. Louis Wrestling Club
NWA World Women's Tag Team Championship (Missouri version) (1 time) - with Millie Stafford
National Wrestling Alliance
NWA World Women's Championship (1 time)
NWA World Women's Tag Team Championship (7 times) - with Ethel Johnson (1), Millie Stafford (2), Mary Jane Mull (2), Mars Bennett (1) and Barbara Baker (1)
Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame
Women's Wrestling (Class of 2006)
WWE
WWE Hall of Fame (Class of 2017)
References
External links
June Byers at the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame
1922 births
1998 deaths
20th-century American actores
American female professional wrestlers
AWA World Women's Champions
Deaths from pneumonia in Texas
People from Houston
Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum
WWE Hall of Fame Legacy inductees
Stampede Wrestling alumni
Infectious disease deaths in Texas
20th-century professional wrestlers
NWA World Women's Champions
The Jubaland Darawiish Force is a paramilitary force that forms the security unit of Jubaland, an autonomous federated state in southern Somalia. The Jubaland Darawiish started operating under the administration of Ahmed Madobe. Headquartered in Kismayo, one of its primary bases is located in Afmadow. Jubaland president Madobe has said that the force aims to focus on counter-terrorism and provocative actors within the state of Jubaland. The unit is commanded by Lt. Col Mahad Islaam.
See also
Puntland Security Force
References
Jubaland
Military of Somalia
Law enforcement in Somalia
The England women's cricket team were scheduled to play against Pakistan women's cricket team in October 2021 to play three Women's One Day International (WODI) and two Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) matches. All of the matches were scheduled to be played at Rawalpindi. It would have been the first time that the England women's team had toured Pakistan. The WT20I fixtures were scheduled to be played as double-header matches alongside the England men's games against Pakistan, with the WODI matches being used as preparation for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup. The two teams last played each other in Malaysia in December 2019.
On 13 August 2021, the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) made a minor change to the tour itinerary, moving the matches from the National Stadium in Karachi to the Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium due to logistical reasons. On 24 August 2021, the PCB made another adjustment to the schedule, this time bringing the tour forward by three days.
On 17 September 2021, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said they would determine in the next 24 to 48 hours whether they will proceed with the tour or not, after New Zealand cancelled their tour of Pakistan due to a security threat. On 20 September, the ECB announced that the series had been cancelled, citing issues around wellbeing and concerns of travelling to the region. The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) Chairman Rameez Raja expressed their disappointment on Twitter and criticised England for "failing a member of their cricket fraternity".
WT20I series
1st WT20I
2nd WT20I
WODI series
1st WODI
2nd WODI
3rd WODI
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
England 2021-22
Pakistan 2021-22
International cricket competitions in 2021–22
2021 in English cricket
2021 in Pakistani cricket
2021 in women's cricket
Cancelled sports events
Women's international cricket tours of Pakistan
2021 in Pakistani women's sport
Lists of medical abbreviations
Uvariopsis congensis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is native to
Angola, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Ivory Coast, Kenya, Sudan, Uganda, Zambia. Walter Robyns and Jean Ghesquière, the botanists who first formally described the species, named it after the Belgian Congo, now called the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where the specimen they examined was collected in the town of Kisantu near the Inkisi River.
Description
It is a shrub or small tree reaching 5 meters in height. The branches are hairless and dark-colored. It's elliptical to narrowly oblong, sickle-shaped, papery leaves are 7.5-14 by 2-6 centimeters. The leaves have rounded to wedge-shaped bases and tapering tips. The leaves are hairless, or become hairless at maturity, and dark green. The leaves have 10-12 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins arch and connect near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 2-3 millimeters long, and hairless, with a groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches and the trunk. Each inflorescence has 1 flower. Each flower is on a pedicel. The pedicels have a pair of basal bracts that are covered in silky-brown hair. Its flowers are unisexual. The male flowers are on 4-5 millimeter long pedicels that are positioned at leaf axils on branches. Male flowers have two rounded sepals that are 2 millimeters wide with silky hairs. Male flowers have 4 petals in a single whorl. The petals are narrowly elliptical, 6 by 3 millimeters and covered in brownish silky hairs. Male flowers have numerous, small, rectangular stamens that are 0.5 millimeters long and consist of an anther without a stalk (filament). The female flowers are on 6-10 millimeter long pedicels that are positioned on the trunk and at leaf axils on branches. Female flowers have two rounded to slightly pointed sepals that are 2 millimeters wide with sparse, brown, soft hairs on their outer surface. Female flowers have 4 petals in a single whorl. The petals are opal to pointed, and 5 by 7 millimeters. The petals are covered in pale grey hairs on their outer surface and are hairless on their inner surface. Female flowers have numerous carpels that are 3-3.5 millimeters long. The carpels have short, 0.5 by 0.6 millimeter, black stigmas that have dense, silky hairs. The fruit occur in clusters of 4-6 on pedicles that are 10-15 millimeters long. The fruit are cylindrical, constricted between the seeds, and 3.8-4.5 by 1.2-1.5 centimeters. Each fruit has 4-6 seeds in two rows. The seeds are 10-13 by 6-7 millimeters.
Reproductive biology
The pollen of U. congensis is shed as permanent tetrads.
Distribution and habitat
It has been observed growing gallery forests.
Uses
Bioactive compounds extracted from its bark, including acetogenins, have been reported to be cytotoxic in tests with cultured human tumor cells.
References
Plants described in 1933
Flora of Angola
Flora of Cameroon
Flora of the Central African Republic
Flora of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Flora of Gabon
Flora of Ivory Coast
Flora of Kenya
Flora of Sudan
Flora of Uganda
Flora of Zambia
Taxa named by Frans Hubert Edouard Arthur Walter Robyns
Taxa named by Jean Hector Paul Auguste Ghesquière
Annonaceae
"So in Love with You" is a 1994 song released by British singer, songwriter and producer Mark Carson Adams under the name Duke. It is their biggest hit and was included on their 1995 album, The 10 Commandments Of Love. The single's radio edit is mixed by Norman Cook, as Pizzaman. It reached number three in the Netherlands and number 12 in Flemish Belgium. The track has since been remixed and re-released several times; in 1996, 2000, 2001 and 2012. The 1996 version peaked at number four in Italy and number 22 on the UK Singles Chart, while reaching number two on the UK Dance Singles Chart. In 1997, it peaked at number-one on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in the US. A music video was also produced to promote the single, featuring the singer performing it wearing a white suit.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard described "So in Love with You" as a "vibrant disco ditty", noting that Duke "brings a friendly vibe to the song with a voice that is actually better suited to pop airwaves than underground dance-floors—though there's plenty here for club kids to nosh on". Pan-European magazine Music & Media stated that "falsettos are rare. Here's the first convincing high-pitched male pop singer since Jimmy Somerville. Duke has apparently listened a lot to Marvin Gaye's What's Going On." Upon the 1995 re-release, they wrote that the song "with its mid-tempo romanticism is one of those songs that sound awfully familiar, even though it's the first time you hear them."
A reviewer from Music Weeks RM Dance Update said it is "a great track in its own right — lots of Latin flavour topped with Duke's cool vocals". In 1996, Music Week rated it four out of five, noting that it is "evoking the infectious vibes of War's Low Rider and the vocal splendour of Marvin Gaye." The magazine's James Hamilton declared it as a "simply marvellous Marvin Gaye/William DeVaughn-ish falsetto soulful European smash with a madly infectious summery humming 'la-la-la-la-la na' refrain". In 1997, editor Alan Jones wrote, "Hopefully we'll catch on this time, since it's a funkily soulful groove, with a bassline reminiscent of Sub Sub's Ain't No Use, elements of Freakpower's Turn On... and a sweet vocal not far removed from Marvin Gaye's Got To Give It Up. A good radio record."
Track listing
CD single, Netherlands"So in Love with You" (Pizzaman Radio Friendly Vibe) – 3:58
"So in Love with You" (Accapella) – 3:53
CD maxi, Europe'
"So in Love with You" (Pizzaman Radio Friendly Vibe) – 3:56
"So in Love with You" (Pizzaman House Vocal) – 7:40
"So in Love with You" (Pizzaman 5 AM Dub) – 7:02
"So in Love with You" (Pizzaman House Dub) – 7:28
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1994 debut singles
1995 singles
1996 singles
1997 singles
1994 songs
CNR Music singles
Eurodance songs
House music songs
Virgin Records singles
The men's high jump event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 23 and 26 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification: 2.25 (Q) or 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
Final
References
High
1994
Chloe Steele is a fictional character from the Left Behind series of novels by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins. Chloe was a junior at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, during the vanishing of millions of people during the Rapture.
Character overview
Years before the Rapture, Chloe's mother, Irene Steele, begins attending a new church and claimed to have become a born again believer in Christ. Irene tells Chloe they believed that one day soon God would take Their people to Heaven in the "blink of an eye." Chloe often detests going home for this reason, and they and their mother slowly grow apart, though they develop a certain kinship with their father as are both negative about their family's new interest in religion. Irene's obsession is only enhanced when Chloe comes home drunk, as Irene becomes worried about the fate of their daughter's soul. When Chloe goes off to college, they break nearly all ties with their family, hardly ever visiting except on holidays.
After disappearances of both their mother and younger brother, Chloe Steele was forced to decide for themselves what had happened. Chloe and their father, Rayford Steele, soon turned to their mother's church for answers. After discovering most of the congregation had been taken in the vanishings, Chloe and their father meet Bruce Barnes, an associate pastor who had been left behind.  They are also very good friends with Hattie Durham.
Chloe eventually strikes up a friendship with legendary magazine writer Cameron "Buck" Williams. They marry and have a son, Kenneth Bruce. Chloe becomes CEO of the International Commodity Co-op, arranging for Christians worldwide to be able to purchase food, goods, and services (after Nicolae Carpathia, Antichrist and potentate of the Global Community, had ordered the application of the Mark of the Beast, it had become impossible for Christians to buy or sell anything since they would not take the Mark).
In Armageddon, Chloe is drawn out of the bunker that she, Buck, Ray, and around 200 other believers are hiding in located in San Diego, California. As they leaf to investigate a GC Armoured Personnel Carrier they spot 2-3 platoons of GC peacekeepers and takes off away from the bunker. After dropping their ski mask and Uzi they are caught by Global Community personnel and taken into custody.  They are imprisoned in a small cell in the basement of the GCHQ in San Diego. Later, they are taken east via airplane to a large prison and executed by a loyalty enforcement facilitator. She, along with other Tribulation martyrs, returns with Jesus Christ at their Glorious Appearing.
In other media
Chloe is portrayed by Janaya Stephens in Left Behind: The Movie and its sequels, by Cassi Thomson in the 2014 remake of Left Behind, and by Sarah Fisher in the upcoming film Left Behind: Rise of the Anti-Christ.
Critical reception
One critic has argued that the central problem of the first novel in the Left Behind series is submission and that Chloe Steele is a clear example of a submissive woman, both in their role as Rayford's daughter and in their lack of employment. Another critic has suggested that the authors' desire for evangelical, countercultural business networking is expressed through Chloe's eventual facilitation of an international commodity co-op network that will allow Christians to survive without needing to participate in the antichrist-run economy that requires the taking of the mark of the beast. Chloe's co-op has also been read as an allusion to agrarian reform in the United States, thereby endorsing populism. Critic Jonathan Vincent has denigrated Chloe as a guerrilla fighter who carries out retribution on their enemies. Vincent asserts that Chloe's transition into this kind of violence is depicted in a positive manner by the novels' authors.
References
Literary characters introduced in 1995
Characters in the Left Behind series
Fictional female religious workers
Fictional female businesspeople
General elections were held in Guatemala on 3 November 1985, with a second round of the presidential elections taking place on 8 December. The presidential election resulted in a victory for Vinicio Cerezo, who had received $650,000 towards their campaign from media owner Remigio Ángel González. The Congressional elections resulted in a victory for Cerezo's Guatemalan Christian Democracy, which won 51 of the 100 seats. Voter turnout was 69.3%.
Results
President
Congress
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1978. New York, 1979.
Elections in Guatemala
1985 in Guatemala
Guatemala
Presidential elections in Guatemala
Grandes Éxitos is the first greatest hits compilation by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo released on September 30, 2002 through Sony. The album includes most of their hits from their first studio albums Mónica Naranjo (1994) and Palabra de mujer (1997).
Track listing
References
Mónica Naranjo compilation albums
2002 compilation albums
Sony Music compilation albums
Edna Moscelyne Larkin Jasinski (January 14, 1925 – April 25, 2012) was an American ballerina and one of the "Five Moons", Native American ballerinas from Oklahoma who gained international fame in the 20th century. After dancing with the Original Ballet Russe and the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, they and their husband settled in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where in 1956 they founded the Tulsa Ballet and its associated school. It became a major regional company in the American Southwest and made its New York City debut in 1983.  They are portrayed in the mural Flight of Spirit displayed in the Rotunda of the Oklahoma State Capitol building.
Early life and education
Edna Moscelyne Larkin was born in Miami, Oklahoma in 1925, the only daughter of Eva Matlagova-Larkin, a young dancer from Russia, and Rueben Francis Larkin (1893–1974), of Eastern Shawnee-Peoria Indian and Welsh descent. Them mother trained them in ballet until the girl was old enough to move to New York City to further their studies. There they studied under Vincenzo Celli, Mikhail Mordkin, and Anatole Vilzak-Shollar.
Dancing career
In 1941, at age 15, Larkin joined Colonel Wassily de Basil's Original Ballet Russe. They performed with the company in Europe and the Americas. While dancing with the company, Larkin met their future husband Roman Jasinski, a premier danseur from Poland.
In 1948, they achieved the rank of a ballerina; they and their husband had both moved to the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, directed by Serge Denham. Radio City Music Hall often showcased them as a prima ballerina. In 1954 Larkin toured Asia, performing in Alexandra Danilova's "Great Movements in Dance". They excelled in comical roles as a soubrette. They played the can-can dancer in Gaîté Parisienne. Agnes de Mille, the choreographer and dancer, admired Larkin's performance as the Cowgirl in Aaron Copland's Rodeo, a role which was premiered by de Mille.
Marriage and family
Larkin married Roman Jasinski in 1943. After they had a son, Roman Larkin Jasinski, on February 21, 1954, they decided to retire from performing. They moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, where they created a ballet school and founded the Tulsa Civic Ballet (later known as the Tulsa Ballet). It became a major company in the Southwest and made its premier in New York in 1983. Larkin introduced area schoolchildren to ballet and also taught ballet to higher level students at the University of Tulsa.
Honors
In 1967, Quapaw-Cherokee composer Louis Ballard wrote the music for the ballet, The Four Moons, for the Oklahoma Indian Ballerina Festival. The ballet honors the Five Moons : Larkin, Yvonne Chouteau, Rosella Hightower, and sisters Maria and Marjorie Tallchief. In its solos, the dancers evoked their four distinct tribal cultures.
Larkin was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 1978. In 1988, they received the annual Dance Magazine Award. In 1993, they were inducted in the Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame. The Council of American Indians honored them as "Outstanding Indian" that same year. Chickasaw artist Mike Larsen included Larkin in their monumental mural, Flight of Spirit, displayed in the Great Rotunda of the Oklahoma State Capitol in Oklahoma City.
Death
Larkin suffered from Alzheimer's disease and died in Tulsa, Oklahoma, April 25, 2012 from pneumonia.  They are survived by their son, Roman Larkin Jasinski.
References
1925 births
2012 deaths
People from Miami, Oklahoma
Artists from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Prima ballerinas
Ballets Russes dancers
Ballet teachers
American ballerinas
American people of Russian descent
American people of Welsh descent
Peoria tribe
Native American dancers
Shawnee people
University of Tulsa faculty
Five Moons
American women academics
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
20th-century Native American women
21st-century Native American women
20th-century American ballet dancers
Alvin Hankerson (November 23, 1923 – June 30, 1995), better known as Guitar Nubbit, was an American blues guitarist and singer. Their most notable song was "Georgia Chain Gang", which was originally released in 1962 as a single on Bluestown Records.
They were the uncle of the folk music singer and autoharp player Dorris Henderson.
Life and career
Henderson was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. During a hurricane when they were three years old, they lost the tip of their right thumb, which led to their lifelong nickname, Nubbit (sometimes shortened to Nub). They spent most of their formative years in Georgia and then relocated to Boston, Massachusetts, in 1945. They attempted to teach themselves to play the guitar, but after a year of trying they gave up the instrument in 1949. However, by 1954, they could afford guitar lessons and enlisted Bill Bryant, a former music teacher from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, to teach him. Guitar Nubbit eventually mastered the rudiments of the instrument. They then performed locally, playing and singing mainly their own compositions, whilst maintaining their daytime job as a barber.
In 1962, Guitar Nubbit recorded their first tracks for the small Bluestown Records label. Their first single release was "Evil Woman Blues" backed with "Laura", which was recorded in their adopted hometown of Boston. This was swiftly followed by their most noteworthy song, "Georgia Chain Gang", backed with "Hard Road". They recorded further tracks the same year, and in Ipswich, Massachusetts, in 1963, but most of these were unreleased for years. Their 1965 release of "Big Leg Woman" was a cover version of Blind Boy Fuller's song. The releases sparked some interest in a mainly white audience, during the so-called blues revival from the late 1940s to the 1960s. Their offerings lacked variety, and despite some exposure in their local folk scene, they drifted into obscurity. Various attempts were made to revive their fortunes, including an EP released in 1971 by XX Records, but all the numbers contained on that disc were from the previous decade. A rather unusual seven-track, 12-inch 45-rpm record entitled Re-Living the Legend! was released in 1989. The compilation album Blues Town Story, Vol. 1, released by Wolf Records in 1998, includes a couple of previously unreleased tracks; one side of the disc includes work by an even more obscure bluesman, Alabama Watson.
Guitar Nubbit died in June 1995, aged 71, in Boston.
Discography
Singles and EPs
Compilation albums
References
External links
Discogs.com entry
1923 births
1995 deaths
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
20th-century American singers
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century African-American male singers
African-American guitarists
Songwriters from Florida
Musicians from Fort Lauderdale, Florida
20th-century American male singers
African-American songwriters
American male songwriters
The second Marlin-Romeo cabinet was the 8th cabinet of Sint Maarten. It was formed by a coalition of the political parties United Democrats (UD) and the St. Maarten Christian Party (SMCP).
The cabinet succeeded the first Marlin-Romeo cabinet following the 2018 general election, and was installed by Governor Eugene Holiday on 25 June 2018. The cabinet lost its majority on 9 September 2019 when Franklin Meyers, faction leader of the UD, left their party to become an independent Member of Parliament. On 22 September 2019, UD Members of Parliament Luc Mercelina and Chanel Brownbill followed suit, which led to the collapse of the second Marlin-Romeo cabinet.
Composition
References
Marlin-Romeo II
Marlin-Romeo II
Marlin-Romeo II
The 2020 New Mexico Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday, June 2, 2020, as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The New Mexico primary was a closed primary, with the state awarding 46 delegates, of whom 34 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the primary results. Joe Biden won the primary with 73% of the vote, while Bernie Sanders, who had suspended their campaign two months earlier, received 15%.
Procedure
New Mexico was one of seven states voting on June 2 in the Democratic primaries, along with Indiana, Maryland, Montana, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Dakota, and the District of Columbia. Four of these states had moved their elections to June due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States.
Voting took place throughout the state from 7 a.m. until 7 p.m. In the closed primary, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15% at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 34 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the primary results. Of the 34 pledged delegates, between 5 and 9 were allocated to each of the state's 3 congressional districts and another 4 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 7 at-large pledged delegates. Originally planned with 29 delegates, the final number included a 20% bonus of 5 additional delegates in the 30 district and at-large delegates by the Democratic National Committee due to the June date, which belonged to Stage III on the primary timetable.
State delegates were planned to designate district-level delegates for the national convention at district conventions on June 13. On June 20, the state post-primary convention would have voted on the 7 pledged at-large and 4 PLEO delegates. The 29 pledged delegates New Mexico sent to the national convention were to be joined by 11 unpledged PLEO delegates (4 members of the Democratic National Committee; the entire congressional delegation, consisting of both Senators and all 3 U.S. Representatives; the governor Michelle Lujan Grisham; and former DNC chair Fred R. Harris). Finally, there was one more DNC member.
Candidates
The following candidates appeared on the ballot:
Running
Joe Biden
Withdrawn
Tulsi Gabbard
Deval Patrick
Bernie Sanders
Elizabeth Warren
Andrew Yang
There was also an option for uncommitted delegates.
Polling
Results
See also
2020 New Mexico Republican presidential primary
Notes
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
New Mexico Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
New Mexico Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Spango Valley is a steep sided valley to the south-west of Greenock, Scotland. It runs approximately south west to north east for around from the confluence of the Spango Burn and Kip Water near Dunrod Farm, to Ravenscraig at the present day Aileymill Gardens. A small stream known as the Spango Burn, runs along the valley floor. The originally meandering burn has been channelised and straightened for much of its length as it runs south west through the valley.
The IBM Years
IBM opened a factory in the valley in 1954 to manufacture typewriters and other office equipment. The factory expanded along the valley floor through the 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s, extending to in length at its peak as the business moved from typewriters to bank terminals and eventually to Personal Computers in the early 1980s. The 1954 factory was built on the site of Kingston Farm, the final building to be constructed by IBM was a call centre, on the site of Spango Farm, which was demolished to make way for it. Remaining farms in the valley are Dunrod, Chrisswell, Flatterton and Leitchland.
By 2009, the IBM factory was partially demolished as parts of the PC manufacturing business were sold to other companies. Around this time, the site and remaining buildings were sold by IBM and rebranded as Valley Park, from whom IBM leased some of the buildings that they still occupied. Another occupant on the site at that time was the National Microelectronics Institute. IBM completely vacated the site in October 2016 and moved to the east end of Greenock.
By September 2020, all buildings on the former IBM campus had been demolished.
IBM Gallery
Inverkip Road
In the early 1980s the A742 Inverkip Road through Spango Valley was substantially upgraded to dual carriageway standard to accommodate the increased traffic to and from the IBM complex and the nearby Inverkip Power Station which has also since been demolished. At that time, the road was renumbered to A78 and became a trunk road. The former A78 road (through Gourock) was renumbered to A770 at the same time.
Inverkip Road Gallery
Railway
The Greenock and Wemyss Bay Railway Company opened a line from Port Glasgow, through Spango Valley to Wemyss Bay in 1865. Ravenscraig station was a single platform station, located at the extreme north end of the valley, which was in use from 1865 to 1944.
Now part of the electrified Inverclyde railway line between Glasgow Central and Wemyss Bay, the single track line passes along the east side of the valley (between Branchton and Inverkip stations). IBM railway station, which opened in May 1978 as IBM Halt to serve the IBM factory had its services suspended on 8 December 2018 following demolition of the IBM factory.
A branch line left the main line at Dunrod Farm at the extreme south end of the valley. This approximately long mineral line ran to the sandstone quarries at the top of Shielhill Glen.
Railway Gallery
Schools in the valley
Two schools were located adjacent to each other in the north end of the valley. They shared an access road off Inverkip Road, including a bridge over the Spango Burn.
Greenock High School opened their new building 1971. This replaced the former high school building on Dunlop Street.
The new Glenburn Special Needs School opened in the 1960s.
By 2014, both schools had been closed and demolished. Glenburn relocated to the 'super campus' in the east end of Port Glasgow and Greenock High School merged with Grovepark High School to form Inverclyde Academy.
The schools site was later prepared for the construction of a new £75 million 300 cell prison for women. This included the building of a new access road and bridge across the Spango Burn. However, plans were dropped by the Scottish Government before construction began. This was due to a change in government policy related to the imprisonment of women. The site remains fenced off and unused at the time of writing in January 2022.
Schools in the valley Gallery
Current state
Most of the valley floor is now (December 2020) a brownfield site, extending approximately from end to end. The remaining land is farmland, with some housing on the northern fringes.
Future development
Proposals for a £100 million mixed-use development on the northern half of the former IBM site were submitted to Inverclyde Council by a local company in February 2020. The plans include houses, shops, leisure and community facilities.
References
External links
Spango Valley on The Gazetter for Scotland website
Spango Valley on the Scotland's Places website
Valleypark - official website
Valleys of Inverclyde
Salva () is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Salva, and included Runcu Salvei village until the latter was split off to form a separate commune in 2005.
It is a relatively important local railway junction on the line to Sighetu Marmației and line to Vatra Dornei and Suceava.
Natives
Maria Butaciu
References
Communes in Bistrița-Năsăud County
Localities in Transylvania
Berești-Tazlău is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Berești-Tazlău, Boșoteni, Enăchești, Prisaca, Românești, Tescani, and Turluianu.
Natives
Maria Tescanu Rosetti
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Thairo Jose Estrada Villegas (born February 22, 1996) is a Venezuelan professional baseball infielder for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB). Estrada signed with the New York Yankees as an international free agent in 2012. They were a 2015 New York-Pennsylvania League Mid-Season All Star, and a 2017 Eastern League Mid-Season and Post-Season All Star. They were shot in early 2018 by robbers, with their recovery delaying the start of their season, in which they played with a bullet still lodged in their hip. They have previously played in MLB for the Yankees, with whom they made their MLB debut in 2019.
Career
New York Yankees
2012-17
Estrada signed with the New York Yankees as an international free agent in August 2012 for $49,000. They made their professional debut in 2013 with the Rookie League Gulf Coast Yankees, and spent the whole season there, batting .278/.350/.432 with five triples, two home runs, 8 hit by pitch, and 17 runs batted in (RBIs) in 176 at bats over 50 games. The 17-year-old was one of the youngest players in the Gulf Coast League, 2.6 years younger than the average player in the league. Baseball America rated them the 20th-best player in the league.
They played 2014 with the Gulf Coast Yankees and the Class A- Staten Island Yankees (and was 3.0 years younger than the average New York-Pennsylvania League player). They batted a combined .272/.337/.309 in 81 at bats over 23 games, with their season cut short by a leg injury they suffered while running the bases in July.
Estrada played in 2015 with Staten Island. They slashed .267/.338/.360 with two home runs and 23 RBIs in 247 at bats over 63 games, and was named a New York-Pennsylvania League Mid-Season All Star.
They then played in 2016 for the Class A Charleston RiverDogs of the South Atlantic League and the Class A+ Tampa Yankees of the Florida State League (where Estrada was 2.8 years younger than the average player in the league). They batted a combined .290/.346/.391 with eight home runs, 49 RBIs, and a career-high 18 stolen bases in 495 at bats over 118 total games between the two teams, and was named an MiLB Organization All Star.
Estrada spent 2017 with the Class AA Trenton Thunder, and was 3.2 years younger than the average player in the Eastern League. They batted .301(6th in the Eastern League)/.353/.392 with 72 runs (3rd), four triples (7th), six home runs, nine hit-by-pitch (6th), and 48 RBIs in 495 at bats over 122 games, with a low strikeout rate of 10.3%. At 21 years and two months of age, they were the 7th-youngest player to make a 2017 Eastern League Opening Day roster. They were named an Eastern League Mid-Season All Star and Post-Season All Star, and an MiLB Organization All Star. After the regular season, the Yankees added Estrada to their 40-man roster. They then played for the Scottsdale Scorpions of the Arizona Fall League, batting .342/.381/.430 in 79 at bats. They were named to the AFL All-Prospect Team, and named an AFL Rising Star. Baseball America rated them the Yankees' # 9 prospect. MLB.com rated them the Yankees' # 8 prospect, and assessed their defense as follows: "there's no question that Estrada is a big league shortstop. They cover a lot of ground thanks to their smooth actions and keen instincts, and they have the plus arm to make all of the throws. He's also an asset at second and third base, and he's athletic enough to handle the outfield if asked."
2018-19
In January 2018, while in their hometown in Venezuela, Estrada was shot in their right hip by robbers in a robbery attempt. Doctors in Venezuela who performed surgery upon them were unable to remove the bullet from their hip, but they were cleared to play with the small caliber bullet lodged in their hip; it was only removed in July six months later, in the United States.
After a delayed start to their season as they missed spring training, Estrada suffered a season-ending lower back injury in June 2018. They played in 18 regular season games in the minor leagues for Tampa and the Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders of the International League (where they were 4.5 years younger than the average player) combined, batting .192/.210/.231 in 78 at bats. They played for the Glendale Desert Dogs of the Arizona Fall League after the regular season, batting .238/.282/.263 in 80 at bats.
The Yankees promoted Estrada to the major leagues on April 4, 2019, but optioned them back to Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on April 6 without Estrada appearing in a major league game. They were again promoted to the Yankees on April 21, and made their major league debut that day. They laid down a sacrifice bunt that set up a walk-off single by Austin Romine. They recorded their first two major league hits on April 23. In 64 at bats for the Yankees they batted .250/.294/.438. For the Yankees they played 17 games at second base, 9 at shortstop, and 2 each in left field and right field. In AAA they batted .266/.313/.452 with 8 home runs in 241 at bats, playing 33 games at shortstop, 24 at second base, and 2 at third base.
In their minor league career through 2019, they had played 225 games at shortstop, 161 games at second base, and 52 games at third base.
2020-21
In 2020 for the Yankees, Estrada batted .167/.231/.229 with one home run and three RBIs in 48 at bats across 26 games, playing 20 games at second base, 6 games at third base, and 3 games at shortstop.
On April 6, 2021, Estrada was designated for assignment following the acquisition of Rougned Odor.
San Francisco Giants
2021
On April 11, 2021, the Yankees traded Estrada to the San Francisco Giants in exchange for cash considerations. Estrada played first for the Class AAA Sacramento River Cats of the Triple-A West, and batted .385 (4th in the league at the time of their call-up)/.448(9th)/.609 with 12 doubles (10th) in 156 at bats, while striking out only 14% of the time. They played 26 games at shortstop, 7 at second base, 2 at third base, and one in left field.
They were called up to the Giants on June 6, following an injury to third baseman Evan Longoria who had collided with shortstop Brandon Crawford. In Estrada's debut with the Giants on July 2 against the Arizona Diamondbacks, they went 3-5 with 5 RBIs, a double, and a grand slam. Crawford's oblique injury in July shifted Estrada to start at shortstop in their place.
In the 2021 regular season for the Giants, Estrada batted .273/.333/.479 with 7 home runs and 22 RBIs in 121 at bats. They played 19 games at shortstop, 16 games at second base, 4 games at third base, 4 games in left field, and one game in right field. At AAA Sacramento, they batted .333/.399/.538 with 9 home runs and 40 RBIs in 210 at bats.
Personal life
In January 2018, Estrada was shot in their right hip/thigh by a pair of teenagers in a robbery attempt in their hometown of Bejuma in Venezuela, while they and their wife were in a cafe and they were at the counter. The bullet was not removed until six months later, in July 2018 in a hospital in Tampa, Florida. They said, "The situation [in Venezuela] is not very good, not very safe... it makes you think about [not] even going back anymore."
Thairo and their wife have a son.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Charleston RiverDogs players
Glendale Desert Dogs players
Gulf Coast Yankees players
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball shortstops
New York Yankees players
People from Carabobo
San Francisco Giants players
Scottsdale Scorpions players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders players
Shooting survivors
Staten Island Yankees players
Tampa Tarpons players
Tampa Yankees players
Trenton Thunder players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Sacramento River Cats players
Tim Mackintosh-Smith (born 17 July 1961) is a British, Yemen-based, Oxford-educated Arabist, writer, traveller and lecturer. They have written many books on the Middle East, won several awards and has presented a major BBC television series.
Education
Mackintosh-Smith was educated at Clifton College, a boarding independent school for boys in the suburb of Clifton in the port city of Bristol in South West England, from 1971 to 1978, followed by a musical scholarship to the University of Oxford, where they read Classical Arabic.
Life and career
Mackintosh-Smith lives in an ancient tower house off the "Market of the Cows" in the old city of San'a, Yemen.  They are the author of the Yemen: Travels in Dictionaryland (1997) and Yemen: The Unknown Arabia (2000).  They are one of the foremost scholars of the Moroccan traveller Ibn Battutah. Mackintosh-Smith has published a trilogy recounting their journeys in "the footnotes" of Ibn Battutah; Travels with A Tangerine (2001), The Hall of a Thousand Columns (2005) and Landfalls (2010). They have additionally written widely on subjects as broad as alabaster, the collection of frankincense, the stories of M.R. James and the history of umbrellas.
Mackintosh-Smith presented a major BBC documentary series Travels with a Tangerine (2007) recounting their experiences tracing Ibn Battutah's fourteenth-century travels in the present day. They were featured in a documentary film The English Sheik and the Yemeni Gentleman.
Mackintosh-Smith has won several awards: Yemen: Travels in Dictionary Land, won the 1998 Thomas Cook Travel Book Award. The Daily Telegraph has described them as "the sage of Sana'a."
They have written about the history of the Arab people in Arabs: A 3,000-Year History of Peoples, Tribes and Empires (2019).
References
External links
Travels with a Tangerine: A Journey in the Footnotes of Ibn Battutah —John Murray, 2003. first part of trilogy following the footsteps of Ibn Battutah by Tim Mackintosh-Smith.
The Hall of a Thousand Columns: Hindustan to Malabar with Ibn Battutah —John Murray, 2005. second part of trilogy by Tim Mackintosh-Smith.
Landfalls: on the Edge of Islam with Ibn Battutah —John Murray, 2010. final part of trilogy by Tim Mackintosh-Smith.
Moonglow from Underground — Saudi Aramco World article by Tim Mackintosh-Smith (May/June 1999).
A Tangerine in Delhi — Saudi Aramco World article by Tim Mackintosh-Smith (March/April 2006).
Mackintosh-Smith's official website
Travels with Ibn Battutah, interview with Tim Mackintosh-Smith in www.theglobaldispatches.com
1961 births
Living people
English travel writers
Poove Unakkaga () is a 1996 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Vikraman. The film stars Vijay and Sangita. Actor Murali makes a guest appearance in a song in the film. The film released on 15 February 1996. The film received critical acclaim and it was the first blockbuster and a major breakthrough in Vijay's career in the Tamil film industry. The movie ran over 250 days in theatres at the time of release. The film was remade in Telugu as Subhakankshalu (1997), in Kannada as Ee Hrudaya Ninagagi (1997) and in Hindi as Badhaai Ho Badhaai (2002).
Plot
Sadasivam and Stephen were family friends for generations until the time when Sadhasivam's daughter Janaki falls in love with Stephen's son Robert. The couple elope and get married against both families' wishes which leads both families to abandon them. Also enmity is created between the two families and they hate each other. Vasudevan is the son of Sadhasivam and Moses is the son of Stephen.
After 25 years, both the families receive a letter from Raja, who is born to Robert and Janaki and who is also visiting the families. Both the families get furious seeing the letter and they decide not to permit them to stay in their homes. Raja comes to the town along with their friend Gopi but is shocked that they are not allowed inside both the houses. Also Vasudevan and Moses ask the entire street to not let any house for rent to Raja and Gopi. Velangiri lives along with their wife and they permit Raja to stay in their house.
Though Sadhasivam and Stephen do not welcome Raja, but still they long to see their grandson from far. The same is the case with their wives Vijayakumari and Sukumari. Raja understands that only Vasudevan and Moses who are still angry while the other family members just pretend to be angry. So they decide to unite the family. They get close with their grandparents slowly. Vijayakumari and Sukumari wanted to get Raja married. To escape, Raja lies that they are already married to a girl named Nirmala Mary aka Nimmy.
To Raja's shock, suddenly one day, Nirmala arrives at Velangiri's home introducing themselves as the wife of Raja. Raja gets confused and they cannot reveal the truth as that would further disturb the proceedings. Nirmala plays pranks on Raja and Gopi, which always irritates them. One day, Raja plans to make love with Nirmala, so that they will reveal their true identity. Nirmala reveals that they are the only child and daughter named Priyadarshini aka Priya born to Robert and Janaki. They also say that the only man who stays in touch with their family in the town is Velangiri from whom they get frequent updates about the happenings. Now Priyadarshini questions Raja's intention about trying to unite both the families.
Raja reveals a flashback. Raja is an orphan who lives along with their friend Gopi in Chennai. Next to their house, there is a girls' hostel. Nandhini is the daughter of Vasudevan and they stay in the hostel. Raja gets attracted seeing Nandhini and befriends them Slowly friendship blossoms into love for Raja. When they are about to convey their love, Raja gets shocked to know that Nandhini is already in love with Lawrence, who is the son of Moses. As there is enmity between the two families, already the couple fears whether their love would be accepted by their family members.
Raja on knowing about the problem, decides to help the couple unite with the approval of their family members. Raja takes the responsibility of convincing both the families and disguises themselves as the son born to Robert and Janaki. Priya gets surprised knowing Raja's intention of getting the family united despite knowing the fact that Nandhini is in love with Lawrence. Priya gets attracted towards Raja and starts loving them but does not express it.
Meanwhile, both the families get to know that Nandhini and Lawrence are in love and they get furious again. But Raja takes the couple somewhere and brings them back after a few hours. But Nandhini gets converted to Christianity while Lawrence gets converted to Hinduism. Raja makes the family members realize that love is eternal and it knows no religion/caste etc. Both the families get convinced listening to Raja's words and they agree for the wedding between Lawrence and Nandhini.
On the day of wedding, both Robert and Janaki arrive and the family members happily welcome them and they also apologize for keeping them away for 25 years. Both the families mention that it was their son Raja, who was responsible for reuniting the families. Robert and Janaki get surprised and reveal that they have only one child, which is a daughter named Priyadarshini. Priya reveals that Raja is the friend of Nandhini and they have come to unite the family so that they can get married. Both the families feel proud seeing Raja and they suggest getting Priya married to Raja. But Raja denies saying that they already had an unsuccessful love story and they can never fall in love again with one more girl. The movie ends with Raja leaving the house and walking alone.
Cast
Vijay as Raja
Sangita as Priyadarshini / Nirmala Mary
Anju Aravind as Nandhini
Charle as Gopi
M. N. Nambiar as Sadhasivam
Nagesh as Stephen
Jaiganesh as Moses
Malaysia Vasudevan as Vasudevan
Sukumari as Stephen's wife
C. R. Vijayakumari as Sadhasivam's wife
Madhan Bob as Director Kaada
Dinesh as Ravi
Sheela as Meena
Siva as Robert
Tharini as Janaki
Sakthi Kumar as Lawrence
Meesai Murugesan as Velangiri
P. R. Varalakshmi as Vasudevan's wife
Vijayachandrika as Velangiri's wife
Shanthi Williams
Hemalatha
R. S. Shivaji
Singamuthu as hostel watchman
Murali as themselves (guest appearance in the song Machinichi)
Rajakumaran as a cyclist (uncredited role)
Soundtrack
The music was composed by S. A. Rajkumar while lyrics were written by Vaali, Palani Bharathi and S. A. Rajkumar. All songs were mega hits.
Reception
Ananda Vikatan rated the film 43 out of 100.
References
External links
Tamil films remade in other languages
1996 films
Indian romantic comedy films
1996 romantic comedy films
1990s Tamil-language films
Films scored by S. A. Rajkumar
Films about families
Films about feuds
Super Good Films films
"Vaster than Empires and More Slow" is a science fiction story by American author Ursula K. Le Guin, first published in the collection New Dimensions 1, edited by Robert Silverberg. It is set in the fictional Hainish universe, where Earth is a member of an interstellar "League of Worlds". The anthology was released in the United States in 1971, by Doubleday Books.
The story follows an exploratory ship sent by the League to investigate a newly discovered planet, named World 4470. The team includes Osden, an "empath" who is able to feel the emotions of those around him; however, they have an abrasive personality that leads to tensions within the team. The ship finds World 4470 to be a world covered in forests, and apparently devoid of animal life. However, the team eventually begins to feel a fear emanating from the planet. The team realizes that the entire vegetation on the planet is part of a singular consciousness, which is reacting in fear at the explorers after spending its whole life in isolation.
Like Le Guin's later novel The Word for World Is Forest, this story examines the relationship between humans and their natural environment. The story also makes repeated references to the poetry of Andrew Marvell, including in the title. The story was republished in Le Guin's collections The Wind's Twelve Quarters and Buffalo Gals and Other Animal Presences, as well as in many other anthologies. It was nominated for the Hugo Award in 1972.
Background and setting
"Vaster than Empires and More Slow" is set in the fictional Hainish universe, which Le Guin introduced in their first novel Rocannon's World, published in 1966. In this alternate history, human beings did not evolve on Earth, but on Hain. The people of Hain colonized many neighboring planetary systems, including Terra (Earth) and Athshe, possibly a million years before the setting of the novels. The planets subsequently lost contact with each other, for reasons that Le Guin does not explain. Le Guin does not narrate the entire history of the Hainish universe at once, instead letting readers piece it together from various works.
The novels and other fictional works set in the Hainish universe recount the efforts to re-establish a galactic civilization. Explorers from Hain as well as other planets use interstellar ships taking years to travel between planetary systems, although the journey is shortened for the travelers due to relativistic time dilation. "Vaster than Empires" is set soon after the formation of the League of All Worlds, at a time when the League is still sending out exploratory ships to investigate new planets. "Vaster than Empires," like other works such as The Word for World Is Forest and "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas" explore worlds that have gone wrong in some way. The title of the story is taken from a poem by Andrew Marvell, titled "To Their Coy Mistress". The line from which the title is derived reads "Our vegetable love should grow/Vaster than empires, and more slow." In the internal chronology of the Hainish cycle, "Vaster than Empires" takes place after The Dispossessed and before The Word for World is Forest.
Plot summary
"Vaster than Empires" follows the crew of a survey ship sent by the League of Worlds to a planet far outside the region of the galaxy it has previously colonized. The crew consists of 10 people, including five Terrans (people from Earth). One of the crew members, named Osden, is an "empath"; they have the ability to feel the emotions of any sentient creatures around him, including humans. Their abilities are depicted as being the result of theirs being treated for autism. The team is led by Tomiko Haito, a woman of East-Asian descent, whose official title is "coordinator". Tensions among the team members run high from the very beginning; in addition to several neurotic personalities, Osden's abrasive personality causes the others to dislike them intensely. The team arrives at the planet, named World 4470. They find it completely covered in vegetation, and seemingly devoid of intelligent life. Osden, whose role is to sense the presence of sentient beings, senses nothing. After some exploration, the scientists find that there is nothing resembling animal life on the planet; all of its life-forms are either photosynthetic, or feed off of dead plant material.
Due to the tensions between Osden and the rest, they are sent alone to do a species survey in the forest. While they are still out alone, Porlock, one of the scientists on the team, is scared by what they believe to be a large ape in the forest. The other team members investigate for a couple of days, without finding anything, before Osden fails to contact them at a pre-assigned time. Tomiko leads three others to their camp in the forest, where they find them knocked out, apparently by an unknown assailant. They bring them back to camp, where they gradually recover, and tells the group that they had felt a strong fear response from the forest itself. Tomiko realizes that the assailant must have been one of the other team members. While Osden is asleep, the fear emanations from the forest drive Porlock to verbally lash out at Osden, and admit to trying to kill them in the forest. Porlock attempts to assault Osden again, but the others restrain them and place them under a sedative.
The team decides to try a different location on the planet, in the hope of moving away from the sentience they believe to be in the forest. They find that the fear emanations can be felt at their new camp as well, which is in a grassland, which makes them realize that the sentience extends over all of the vegetation on the planet. Osden also realizes that this sentience has never been in contact with anything alien before; thus it experienced fear when the explorers landed. Osden decides to attempt to communicate with the sentience, with the help of Tomiko and two others. They land in the middle of a forest, where a surge in the fear response kills one of them. Osden leaves the group, and by surrendering to the fear completely makes the planet understand that they mean it no harm; and the fear emanations cease. The group tries to locate Osden, but is unable to find him; Tomiko suspects that they do not want to be found. They leave them enough provisions for the rest of their life, and return to Terra after finishing the survey.
Themes
A major theme in this story is that of a symbiotic relationship between a planet and its inhabitants, similar to that in The Word for World Is Forest. In their introduction to the story, Le Guin stated "We all have forests in our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each of us gets lost in the forests, every night, alone." The "vegetable love" referred to in the poem from which the title is taken can be used to describe the final relationship between Osden and the planetary intelligence of World 4470. When Osden is attacked by Porlock in the planet, they transmit their fear to the planet, which amplifies it and reflects it back at him. Thus Osden's role is similar to that of Selver in The Word for World is Forest, in that they introduce violence to the forest world. The intelligence of Le Guin's forest has been contrasted to the "low" position occupied by vegetative beings in the works of other science fiction authors such as Arthur C. Clarke.
An additional similarity between The Word for World Is Forest and "Vaster than Empires" is the theme of first contact between humans and a new environment. In "Vaster than Empires," the forest is both the setting for the story and a character in it. The forest directly responds to the humans with fear, a response that is similar to the response of Osden, the empath, to the rest of society: "the normal defensive-aggressive reaction between strangers meeting." Thus Le Guin makes an analogy between contact between humans and aliens, and contact between individual humans; both are contact between the self and the "other".
Osden is depicted as having a strong empathetic connection with the vegetated planet visited by the explorers. This is in contrast to the sharply antagonistic relationship that the other members of the team have with him. The team is depicted as a dysfunctional group, with each individual having quirks and oddities of their own. They are regarded as being of "unsound mind" by the people of Earth and Hain, because they were willing to travel on a voyage that lasted 500 years of actual time. The fear transmitted by the forest drives them further into their neuroticism. In contrast, Osden the empath surrenders completely to the forest, and thus achieves a mental unity with the planet. In choosing a sort of union with the planet, Osden shows that the singular consciousness of the vegetative creature is preferable to the chaos and discord in human society.
At the conclusion of the story Tomiko describes Osden's relationship with the planet, saying "He had taken the fear into himself, and, accepting, had transcended it. They had given up their self to the alien, an unreserved surrender, that left no place for evil. They had learned the love of the Other and thereby had been given their whole self." Osden achieves a completely empathetic relationship with the planet, "both literally and figuratively in touch with the forest;" which also grants them temporary goodwill towards humans, as they say "Listen, I will you well" before leaving their colleagues. Le Guin's depiction of the planetary vegetative intelligence is of something that is "whole, undifferentiated and unconscious." Thus, it finds the very concept of other beings terrifying, and it is qualitatively different from animal intelligences. Le Guin makes two more references to Marvell's poetry at the conclusion of the story, the first of which refers to the notion of a planetary consciousness. Marvell's poem "The Garden" speaks of "a green thought in a green shade"; Le Guin describes World 4470 as "one big green thought." The second reference is in the penultimate paragraph: while describing Osden's relationship with the planet, Tomiko says, "Had we but world enough and time…", quoting verbatim from "To Their Coy Mistress".
Reception
Lynda Schneekloth described "Vaster than Empires" as "one of the most interesting explorations of a vegetative sentience," in the magazine Extrapolation. "Vaster than Empires" was anthologized in the collection Science Fiction: A Historical Anthology, edited by Eric S. Rabkin. In their introduction to the story, Rabkin stated that it "takes the frenzy of exploration and science, paints it green, and frames it with stability." They described the story as having an expansive and hopeful vision of a peaceful world, in contrast to the constant warfare of reality. In contrast, Elizabeth Cummins described the work as "exploring the limits of utopia."
Publication and awards
"Vaster than Empires and More Slow" was first published in the collection New Dimensions 1, edited by Robert Silverberg. The anthology was released in the United States in 1971, by Doubleday Books. It has since been reprinted in several collections and anthologies, including in The Wind's Twelve Quarters and Buffalo Gals and Other Animal Presences, which are collections of Le Guin's stories and poetry. The story was dramatized in the National Public Radio series 2000X, which aired on 11 April 2000. The story was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1972, and came 14th in a poll for the Locus Award for Best Short Story.
References
Sources
External links
Ursula K. Le Guin's official website
Short stories by Ursula K. Le Guin
1972 short stories
Science fiction short stories
Forest planets in fiction
Ishenim (; ) is a pro-Japarov political party in Kyrgyzstan.
According to the preliminary results of the 2021 parliamentary election, the party came in second with 12 seats.
References
Political parties in Kyrgyzstan
Political parties established in 2011
Radical 48 or radical work () meaning "work" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 17 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 28th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5DE5
048
028
L. bidentata may refer to:
Leucophytia bidentata, a land snail
Libnotes bidentata, a crane fly
Lophocolea bidentata, a liverwort found in the Antipodes Islands
We Too Are One is the seventh studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 11 September 1989 by RCA Records. It would be the duo's last studio release until 1999's Peace.
Background and release
When it was released in 1989, the album debuted at number one in the United Kingdom, where it has since been certified double platinum. It spawned four singles, all of which reached the UK top 30: "Revival", "Don't Ask Me Why", "The King and Queen of America", and "Angel". In North America, "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" was also released as a single; it charted at number 58 in Canada, while failing to chart in the United States.
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG repackaged and released Eurythmics' back catalogue as Deluxe Edition reissues, including We Too Are One. The original track listing was supplemented with bonus tracks and remixes.
Home media
A companion home video, We Two Are One Too, was released in 1990, featuring the music videos for the five singles from the album and footage of the band performing the album's other tracks. This is the only commercial release of the promotional video for the 1989 single "Revival", which has never been included on any subsequent video compilations from the band.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of We Too Are One.
Eurythmics
Annie Lennox – vocals
David A. Stewart – guitars, vocals
Additional musicians
Pat Seymour – keyboards
Olle Romo – drums
Charlie Wilson – backing vocals
Chucho Merchán – programming
Technical
David A. Stewart – production
Jimmy Iovine – production
Bruce Lampcov – recording engineering, mixing engineering
Don Smith – recording engineering, mixing engineering
Manu Guiot – additional engineering
Rob Jaczko, Serge Pauchard, Lee Manning – engineering assistance
Tony Quinn, Eileen Gregory, Greg McCarty – production assistance
Artwork
Jean-Baptiste Mondino – photography
Laurence Stevens – design, artwork
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1989 albums
Albums produced by David A. Stewart
Albums produced by Jimmy Iovine
Eurythmics albums
RCA Records albums
Free Library may refer to:
Akin Free Library, a historic eclectic late Victorian stone building
Ames Free Library, a library in Massachusetts, United States
Baen Free Library, a digital library
Bennington Free Library, a public library in Bennington, Bennington County, Vermont, United States
Bernard Free Library, the first free public library in Myanmar
Carnegie Free Library of Beaver Falls, the first public library built in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States
Crompton Free Library, a library in Rhode Island
Enoch Pratt Free Library, one of the oldest free public libraries in the United States
Free Library of Philadelphia, the public library system serving Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Haskell Free Library and Opera House, a neoclassical building
Huntington Free Library and Reading Room, a privately endowed library in the Bronx, United States, United States
Indiana Free Library, a public library in Pennsylvania, United States
Kent Free Library, a public library located in Kent, Ohio, United States
Little Free Library, a community movement in the United States and worldwide that offers free books housed in small containers to members of the local community
New City Free Library, a library in New City, New York, United States
Newton Free Library, the public library of Newton, Massachusetts, United States
Parkway Central Library, the main library of the Free Library of Philadelphia, United States
T.B. Scott Free Library, a public library in the city of Merrill, Wisconsin, United States
TheFreeLibrary.com, free reference website that offers full-text versions of classic literary works.
Williams Free Library, the first public library in the United States of America to have open stacks
This is a list of wineries in the McLaren Vale wine region, a major wine-producing region located within the Fleurieu wine zone in South Australia. There are an estimated 74 cellar doors and over 160 vineyards in the region.
The wineries are centred around five main areas: Currency Creek, Old Reynella, McLaren Vale, McLaren Flat, Willunga and Aldinga.
Currency Creek wineries
One Paddock Currency Creek Winery
Aldinga wineries
Cradle of Hills
Dyson Wines
Sellicks Hill Wines
Big Easy Radio
McLaren Flat wineries
Australian Boutique Premium Wines
DogRidge Wines
Gemtree Vineyards
Graham Stevens Wines
Hugo Wines
Kangarilla Road Winery
Lavina Wines
Mr. Riggs Wine Company
Parri Estate
Possum Wines
Scarpantonni Estate Wines
Shottesbrooke Vineyards
Woodstock Estate
Yangarra Estate
Zonte's Footstep
McLaren Vale wineries
Alpha Box and Dice Wines
Angove Winery
Beach Road Wines
Bekker's Wine
Bondar Wines
Brash Higgins Wine Co
Brick Kiln
Chalk Hill Wines
Chapel Hill
Conte Estate Wines
Coriole Vineyards
Curtis Winery
d'Arenberg
Dandelion Vineyards
Dennis Wines
Dodgy Brothers Wines
Dowie Doole Wines
Dub Style Wines
Ekhidna Wines
Foggo Wines
Fork in the Road Wines
Fox Creek Wines
Hugh Hamilton Wines
Inkwell Wines
Ivybrook Farm
J & J Wines
Kay Brothers Amery
Leconfield Wines
Lino Ramble
Lloyd Brothers Wine
Maximus Winers
Maxwell Wines
McLaren Vale Winemakers
McLaren Vale III Associates
Nick Haselgrove Wines
Noon Winery
Oliverhill Winery
Olivers Taranga
Paxton Wines
Penny's Hill
Pertaringa Wines
Pirramimma Winers
Primo Estate
Price's Wines
Primo Estate
Rosemount Wines
Samuel's Gorge
SC Pannell
Serafino Wines
Shingleback Wines
Tintara
Waywood Wines
White Feather Red
Wirra Wirra Vineyards
Old Reynella wineries
Geoff Merrill Wines
Willunga wineries
Ashley Hills Estate
Battle of Bosworth Wines
Fleurieu Hills Vineyard
Hampshire Vineyard
Hither & Yon
Linger Longer Vineyard
Magpie Springs
Minko Wines
Ortus Wines
Willunga Creek Wines
Zimmermann Wines
See also
South Australian wine
List of wineries in South Australia
List of wineries in the Barossa Valley
List of wineries in the Clare Valley
List of wineries in the Eden Valley
References
McLaren Vale
Wineries in McLaren Vale
McLaren
References
Lists of medical abbreviations
A trophy truck, also known as a Baja truck or trick truck, is a vehicle used in high-speed off-road racing. This is an open production class and all components are considered legal unless specifically restricted.
Although any truck that meets the safety standards can race the trophy truck class, they, for the most part, feature long travel suspensions and high power engines. They are intended for desert racing only, and are not street legal. These vehicles are properly known as "trophy trucks" when raced in SCORE International sanctioned races, and "trick trucks" when raced in Best in the Desert sanctioned races.
Since the class was introduced in 1994, the development of the trophy truck has been rapid. Prior to that date, SCORE's Class-8 rules dictated that the entrants must use a production frame. The introduction of the trophy truck class brought with it new freedom for competitors with minimal rules in its construction. Intense development in full-tube chassis and suspension travel led to previously unseen performance and speed.
History
With no proven formula, the initial trophy truck designs were very varied, usually with no two trucks the same. Over a development process of ten years, eventually engineering firms like Geiser Brothers, Jimco, Racer Engineering, and ID Designs became known for producing successful trucks. In recent years new truck builders such as TSCO Racing, and Mason Motorsports Inc., have produced very advanced machines with many top racers seeing successful finishing results.
Truck design
Trophy trucks have been traditionally two-wheel drive but recent developments have seen more than one truck builder implementing all-wheel drive equipment. Lately the top teams have been moving toward AWD designs. Most feature a 4130 chromoly steel tube-frame chassis covered by an aerodynamically engineered composite body. All trucks are equipped with a steel tube roll cage. The SCORE International Rule Book defines and specifies the trophy truck requirements.
Gasoline engines are naturally aspirated, and typically Ford or Chevrolet V8 engines, generating in excess of 1100 BHP and 950lb-ft of torque. Turbo charged diesel motors are allowed, with a minimum size of 5.0 liters to a maximum size of 6.6 liters, with two turbo chargers. Turbo engines must be fitted with an air restrictor.
Suspension travel is around of wheel travel in the front and of travel in the rear, although this may vary depending on chassis design. Most trophy trucks use independent A-arm suspensions up front. In the rear, most trucks feature a three or four-link setup with a solid rear axle, while some use various types of independent suspension. Suspension and damping duties are handled by one or two shock absorbers per wheel, usually consisting of one coil-over and one by-pass shock. Fox Racing Shox, Bilstein, and King Shocks are popular among competitors.
Tires are typically tall or larger on lightweight alloy wheels. Trophy trucks usually carry two spare tires in case of puncture. Total wet weight is around minimum, with the mass necessary to absorb the rougher terrain in desert racing.
Transmission is a choice of either three-speed automatic or six-speed sequential gearbox. The three-speed TH400 gearbox predates the Baja 1000 but remains popular among competitors due to the long gear ratios and capability of handling the torque spikes caused by off-road racing. The six-speed sequential gearbox appeals to competitors due to the ease of changing gear ratios quickly.
See also
Beach racing
Desert racing
Monster truck
Off-road racing
Pickup truck racing
Short course off-road racing, a form of off-road racing using vehicles similar to trophy trucks
Truck racing
References
External links
Official SCORE International website
Articles containing video clips
Off-road racing
Off-road vehicles
Racing car classes
Twardzik is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dan Twardzik (born 1991), Czech footballer
Dave Twardzik (born 1950), American basketball player
Dick Twardzik (1931–1955), American jazz pianist
Filip Twardzik (born 1993), Czech footballer
Patrik Twardzik (born 1993), Czech footballer
René Twardzik (born 1970), Czech footballer
See also
Polish-language surnames
Eric Dodd, known professionally as Eric Valentine, is an American record producer who began their career as drummer and producer in the heavy metal band T-Ride.
They subsequently produced albums for artists such as Good Charlotte, Lostprophets, Taking Back Sunday, Nickel Creek, Queens of the Stone Age, Third Eye Blind, Smash Mouth, The All-American Rejects, Persephone's Bees, and Slash, among others.  They are married to Grace Potter and they had a son born on January 12, 2018.
Early life
Erics first experience with music was listening to The Monkees as a child and wanting to play drums. They received a three-piece drum set from a garage sale, leading to them taking drum lessons at the age of 9. Around that same time, Eric started listening to bands such as Led Zeppelin, AC/DC and Kiss, along with jazz fusion bands such as Weather Report from drum teachers. Their father's career as an aerospace engineer was enough for them to get a four-track and learn on their own.
Discography
T-Ride – T-Ride (drummer/backing vocals/producer/mixing; 1992)
The Conscious Daughters – Ear to the Street (engineer/instrumentation; 1993)
Paris – Guerrilla Funk (engineer; 1994)
Joe Satriani – Joe Satriani (engineer on "Luminous Flesh Giants" and "Look My Way", piano/additional engineering on "Cool #9", bass/keyboards/percussion on "Luminous Flesh Giants"; 1995)
The Conscious Daughters – Gamers (mixing engineer; 1996)
Dwarves – The Dwarves Are Young and Good Looking (producer/mixing/voice actor; 1997)
Third Eye Blind – Third Eye Blind (programming on "Semi-Charmed Life" and "Motorcycle Drive By", piano on "Thanks a Lot" and "God of Wine", guitar/keyboards/programming on "I Want You", engineer/co-producer/mixing; 1997)
Smash Mouth – Fush Yu Mang (keyboards/percussion/groovy noises/engineer/producer/mixing; 1997)
The Braids – Here We Come (arrangements/programming/engineer/producer; 1998)
Joe Satriani – Crystal Planet (drums/percussion/producer on "Psycho Monkey", bass/drums/keyboards/percussion/engineer/producer/mixing on "Time"; 1998)
Brougham – "I Walked In" (mixing; 1998)
Vital Information – Where We Come From (mixing; 1998)
Tom Coster – From the Street (mixing; 1999)
Smash Mouth – Astro Lounge (additional keyboards/vibraphone/engineer/producer/mixing; 1999)
Citizen King – Mobile Estates (engineer/producer/mixing; 1999)
Snake River Conspiracy – Sonic Jihad (producer; 2000)
Dwarves – Come Clean (engineer/producer/mixing; 2000)
Deathray – Deathray (synthesizer/keyboards/producer; 2000)
Smash Mouth – Smash Mouth (writer on "She Turns Me On", engineer/producer/mixing; 2001)
Scapegoat Wax – Okeeblow (engineer/producer/mixing on "Space to Share" and "Perfect Silence", writer on "Perfect Silence"; 2001)
Queens of the Stone Age – Songs for the Deaf (producer except "The Sky Is Fallin'" and "Do It Again"; 2002)
Good Charlotte – The Young and the Hopeless (writer on "A New Beginning", string arrangement/engineer/producer/mixing; 2002)
Kelly Osbourne – "Papa Don't Preach" (producer; 2002)
Lostprophets – Start Something (engineer/producer/mixing; 2004)
John Fogerty – Deja Vu All Over Again (mixing/additional parts on "She's Got Baggage"; 2004)
Good Charlotte – The Chronicles of Life and Death (writer on "Once Upon a Time: The Battle of Life and Death", string arrangement/mastering/engineer/producer/mixing; 2004)
Dwarves – The Dwarves Must Die (engineer/producer/mixing; 2004)
Skye Sweetnam – Noise from the Basement (writer on "Number One"; 2004)
Nickel Creek – Why Should the Fire Die? (mastering/engineer/producer/mixing; 2005)
Aslyn – Lemon Love (producer on "Be the Girl", "493-1023", "Ain't No Love", and "You Got Me"; 2005)
Taking Back Sunday – Louder Now (engineer/producer/mixing; 2006)
Smash Mouth – Summer Girl (engineer/producer/mixing on "So Insane", "Story of My Life", and "Right Side, Wrong Bed", drum producer/mixing for "Everyday Superhero", vocal producer for "Quality Control"; 2006)
Mellowdrone – Box (engineer on "Oh My", "Four Leaf Clover", "Fashionably Uninvited", "Fuck It Mans", and "Whatever the Deal"; 2006)
Persephone's Bees – Notes from the Underworld (drums/mastering/engineer/producer/mixing; 2006)
Aqualung – Memory Man (additional production/mixing; 2007)
Hot Hot Heat – Happiness Ltd. (producer/mixing on "5 Times Out of 100"; 2007)
Maroon 5 – It Won't Be Soon Before Long (engineer/producer/mixing on "Little of Your Time" and "Can't Stop"; 2007)
Jesca Hoop – Kismet (additional engineering; 2007)
The All-American Rejects – When the World Comes Down (drum corp/orchestration composer on "Real World", programming/engineer/producer/mixing; 2008)
Tracy Hamlin – Better Days (instruments/engineer/producer on "Free"; 2009)
Jackiem Joyner – Lil' Man Soul (drums on "Take Me There"; 2009)
Theo Tams – Give It All Away (writer on "Wait for You"; 2009)
Slash – Slash (piano on "Ghost", keyboards on "I Hold On", engineer/producer/mixing; 2010)
Steve Lukather – All's Well That Ends Well (writer on "Tumescent (Instrumental)", drums; 2010)
Chris Standring – Blue Bolero (drums on "Please Mind the Gap" and "March of the Bowler Hats"; 2011)
Taking Back Sunday – Taking Back Sunday (engineer/producer/mixing; 2011)
Dwarves – The Dwarves Are Born Again (editor/mastering/engineer/mixing; 2011)
The Wombats – This Modern Glitch (engineer/producer/mixing on "Tokyo (Vampires & Wolves)" and "1996", vocals on "1996", additional production/engineer on "Techno Fan"; 2011)
Slash – Apocalyptic Love (writer on "No More Heroes", producer; 2012)
Smash Mouth – Magic (engineer/producer/mixing on "Don't You (Forget About Me)"; 2012)
Steve Lukather – Transition (drums on "Last Man Standing", "Do I Stand Alone", and "Rest of the World"; 2013)
Blag Dahlia – "Metrosexual Man" (drums/vocals on "Metrosexual Man", mixing on "Metrosexual Man" and "The Simple Life"; 2013)
Dwarves – The Dwarves Invented Rock & Roll (mastering; 2014)
Nickel Creek – A Dotted Line (percussion/mastering/engineer/producer/mixing; 2014)
5 Seconds of Summer – 5 Seconds of Summer (mastering/additional production/mixing on "She Looks So Perfect"; 2014)
The Madden Brothers – Greetings from California (producer on side A; 2014)
Supersuckers – Get the Hell (mastering; 2014)
Nightmare and the Cat – Simple (mastering/engineer/producer/mixing; 2014)
5 Seconds of Summer – Sounds Good Feels Good (mastering/mixing; 2015)
The Wombats – Glitterbug (engineer/producer; 2015)
Grace Potter – Midnight (producer/mixing; 2015)
Richard Elliot – Summer Madness (drums; 2016)
Peter White – Groovin''' (drums on "When Will I See You Again"; 2016)
Good Charlotte – Youth Authority (mixing on "Makeshift Love"; 2016)
Grace VanderWaal – Perfectly Imperfect (mastering; 2016)
Gwen Stefani – You Make It Feel Like Christmas (editing/engineer/lap steel guitar/percussion/producer; 2017)
Death from Above 1979 – Outrage! Is Now (producer; 2017)
Weezer – Pacific Daydream (mixing on "Mexican Fender", "Beach Boys" and tracks 4-10/mastering; 2017)
The Story So Far – Proper Dose'' (mixing; 2018)
See also
:Category:Albums produced by Eric Valentine
References
External links
BareFoot Recording, Valentine's studio
Living people
American record producers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
1998 Temple of the Tooth attack is an attack on the Temple of the Tooth Relic, located in Kandy, Sri Lanka. The shrine, which is considered to be important to the Buddhists in Sri Lanka, houses the relic of the tooth of the Buddha, and is also a UNESCO designated World Heritage Site. In 1998, it was attacked by Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), a separatist militant organization which fought to create an independent Tamil state in Northern and Eastern parts of the country, from 1983 to 2009.
Background
During the latter part of the 1990s, Sri Lanka was at the height of a civil war. In 1995, Sri Lankan armed forces captured the Jaffna Peninsula at the country's Northern periphery, which was occupied by the LTTE for years. In 1996, the LTTE retaliated by taking the town of Mullaitivu, and inflicting heavy casualties to the government forces. The government launched the Operation Jayasikurui, and captured several LTTE held areas in 1997. Amid fighting, the LTTE carried out a number of suicide attacks on military, economic and civilian targets within the government held areas.
In early 1998, Sri Lanka was ready to celebrate its 50th independence anniversary from Great Britain. Charles, Prince of Wales and a number of foreign dignitaries were scheduled to arrive in the following days. Kandy city, in the Central Highlands of Sri Lanka, was selected as the host for independence day activity on 4 February. Meanwhile, on 28 January, Jaffna city was going to hold its local government election, after a break of 16 years due to the conflict. Despite heavy clashes in Kilinochchi and surrounding areas, Sri Lankan government was eager to demonstrate that a normal life has returned to its people.
Incident
On 25 January 1998, the LTTE exploded a massive truck bomb inside the Temple of the Tooth premises, which was to be the centre the independence day celebrations. Three suicide LTTE Black Tigers drove an explosive laden truck along the King's Street (Raja Veediya), firing at soldiers manning road blocks around the place, crashed through the entrance and detonated the bomb around 6:10 am, local time. Two explosions were heard. The truck contained of high explosives. 16 people, including the 3 attackers and a 2-year-old infant were killed in the incident. Over 25 people, including 4 women, a monk and a police officer were injured. P. W. Withanage, a professor of geology also died due to shock after hearing the incident. The powerful attack left most of the buildings within a radius of damaged, and glass panes broken.
Aftermath
The bombing sparked a backlash among the public. Crowds gathered around the temple, and set fire to 3 vehicles and burned down a Hindu cultural center in Kandy. Police fired tear gas to disperse the crowd. In the end, no one was harmed and the violence did not spread. Community leaders, including the then Sri Lankan president Chandrika Kumaratunga urged the Sinhalese community not to retaliate against the Tamil community, which the LTTE claimed to represent.
Next day, the Sri Lankan government officially banned LTTE for the first time, as a direct result of this attack. It had not been banned previously as the government claimed that it wanted to bring the LTTE to the democratic path. This ban formally ended public advocacy for negotiations by the Kumaratunga government. The then Sri Lanka's minister of defence Anuruddha Ratwatte handed over their resignation, taking responsibility for the security lapse which led to the bomb blast. Despite the violence, local government elections were held in Jaffna, and a high voter turnout was observed. Independence day celebrations were shifted to Colombo; but the foreign dignitaries including Prince Charles arrived in the capital. Coincidentally, Madras High Court issued execution warrants to the LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran and 25 others on 28 January, in connection to the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi.
In October 2003, three LTTE cadres involved in the attack were convicted by the Kandy high court and sentenced to death. Two others were sentenced to 680 years of rigorous imprisonment and third to 490 years. According to the Mackenzie Institute, part of the LTTE's incentive for the attack was to spark widespread mob violence against the country's Tamil minority, by the Sinhalese majority, as it was in 1983. But it did not happen after this incident.
Reaction
The attack was condemned by various local and international organizations and individuals.
Local
Ven. Rambukwelle Sri Vipassi, the then mahanayake thero of the Malwatte chapter and Ven. Palipane Sri Chandananda, the then mahanayake thero of the Asgiriya chapter, the chief custodians of the relic of the tooth of the Buddha expressed their deep shock of the attack. Vipassi thero stated, "It is with immense pain of mind that I express my shock and profound sorrow on the extensive damage caused by terrorists to the sacred Sri Dalada Maligawa [Temple of the Tooth], which is held in deep veneration by the entirely of the Buddhist world."
President of the Hindu Council of Sri Lanka, Yogendra Duraiswamy stated that the Hindu Council is "deeply concerned at the cowardly attack perpetrated on the Dalada Maligawa, the holiest temple of the Buddhists in Sri Lanka." The then Archbishop of Colombo, Nicholas Marcus Fernando stated that no one in their normal senses would have thought of perpetrating such a crime which is not only against the Buddhists but against every citizen of the country. The Sri Lanka Islamic Centre (SLIC) and the International Buddhist Foundation also condemned the attack. Leader of the opposition in Sri Lanka parliament Ranil Wickremasinghe said, "Not even in the darkest moments of Sri Lanka's 2,000-year history has such an act of destruction been perpetrated against the very symbol of our civilisation and history."
International
Amnesty International – Amnesty International issued a statement condemning the killing of civilians at the Temple of the Tooth bombing. It called on the LTTE to abide by basic principles of international humanitarian law, especially the common article 3 of the Geneva Conventions and the Protocol II.
– HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales, addressing the 50th independence anniversary celebrations in Colombo on 4 February stated, "A proud consciousness of this richness of heritage must have made your pain all the more acute when a bomb was exploded at the Temple of the Tooth last month. It was a brutal and malign act, and one which we all join in condemning. The Temple of the Tooth is a part of the world's heritage; it is not just Sri Lankan nor just Buddhist. So all your foreign guests wish you well in the long and painstaking task of restoring the Temple to its original splendour."
UNESCO – The then UNESCO Director General Federico Mayor Zaragoza, on 27 January stated, "I am deeply shocked by this act of blind violence perpetrated against a place of meditation, joy and peace. All religions are based on love and respect for life. Attacking a holy place means striking the very best in humanity, undermining its innocence and purity. Those who attack people through their faith can only be condemned. Religious differences can absolutely not be justification for conflict, and places of worship should in no case be used as targets."
– The office of the then United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan stated "The Secretary General UN has learnt with outrage of the news of a bomb attack on a major Buddhist shrine in Kandy, Sri Lanka and the resulting loss of life and destruction. As they have done on many occasions, the Secretary General strongly condemns the use of terror tactics in all circumstances. They deplore attempts to divide human beings on religious and ethnic grounds."
– The then United States ambassador to Sri Lanka, Shaun Donnelley condemned the attack saying that "the entire world leadership had condemned the bomb blast on the sacred place. We should condemn this type of destruction of ancient places of religious and archaeological value."
Damage and restoration
The attack caused severe damage to the temple; especially to its roof and the facade. But neither its inner chambers nor the tooth relic were harmed. Damaged parts of the temple include: Paththirippuwa (the octagon), Mahawahalkada (the grand entrance), the royal palace, sandakada pahana (the moonstone) at the entrance, the queen's bath, the library of the temple and some important sculptures in its exterior. Nearby Queen's Hotel, Natha devale and St. Paul's Church were also damaged.
After clearing debris, the temple was opened for the public on 10 February. But complete restoration took more than one and a half years to complete. A presidential task force, headed by President Kumaratunga, and a Temple of the Tooth restoration committee, headed by the then Sri Lankan minister of cultural affairs Lakshman Jayakody, were formed to oversee the work. Department of Archaeology, Central Cultural Fund, State Engineering Corporation, Buildings Department, Sri Lanka Ports Authority, Water and Drainage Board and Ceylon Electricity Board were involved in restoration and conservation efforts.
The badly damaged roofs were redone within 2 to 4 months, as a priority concern. Government initially granted 2 million Sri Lankan rupees for the restoration, following the attack. Public donations to the cause exceeded 100 million rupees, which was three times higher than the estimated cost. A number of local craftsmen and stone carvers were employed. This helped revival of the near-extinct profession of stone carving in Sri Lanka, which was confined to a few rural families at that time. In the end, all damaged sculptures were made new, and damaged paintings on lime plaster were reassembled and reintegrated with the existing pieces. The damage to the inner chambers revealed previously unknown paintings belonging to the Kirti Sri Rajasinha era. The restoration process was completed by August 1999.
See also
1989 Temple of the Tooth attack
List of terrorist incidents, 1998
Terrorism in Sri Lanka
References
External links
Kandy bombing: mindless carnage or military strategy? a Tamil Guardian analysis
'LTTE bomb killed mother on my visit to Dalada Maligawa' several eyewitness accounts of the attack
Suicide bombings in 1998
January 1998 events in Asia
January 1998 crimes
Attacks on religious buildings and structures in Asia
Attacks on civilians attributed to the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
Massacres in Sri Lanka
Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam attacks in Eelam War III
Mass murder in 1998
Suicide car and truck bombings in Asia
Terrorist incidents in Sri Lanka in 1998
History of Kandy
Persecution of Buddhists
Pandemis stalagmographa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Steve Libiih Leo Bessong (born February 10, 1989 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Fogape Yaoundé.
Career
They began their career by Dauphins FC and joined than in January 2007 Diósgyőri VTK, after one year joined back to Cameroon and signed by Fogape Yaoundé. Bessong had a try out by Trois-Rivières Attak and Montreal Impact.
References
1989 births
Living people
Cameroonian footballers
Diósgyőri VTK players
Sportspeople from Yaoundé
Association football forwards
Sheridan is a census-designated place in Placer County, California, United States. It is located at the western edge of the county, along State Route 65. Sheridan is northwest of Lincoln. Its ZIP code is 95681 and area code 530. The elevation is . The population was 1,238 at the 2010 census.
History
Sheridan was originally known by the name Union Shed, before it was renamed for Philip Sheridan around the time of the American Civil War. The Sheridan post office opened in 1868, closed for a time in 1870, and re-opened.
Governance
Sheridan is governed by the Placer County Board of Supervisors. The Supervisor currently elected to the Sheridan area district is Robert Weygandt. The Sheridan area has its own Municipal Advisory Committee (Sheridan MAC) which serves as an advisory board to the County's Board of Supervisors.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 26.0 square miles (67.5 km), 99.98% of it land, and 0.02% of it water.
Climate
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Sheridan had a population of 1,238. The population density was . The racial makeup of Sheridan was 1,026 (82.9%) White, 7 (0.6%) African American, 20 (1.6%) Native American, 13 (1.1%) Asian, 3 (0.2%) Pacific Islander, 113 (9.1%) from other races, and 56 (4.5%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 253 persons (20.4%).
The Census reported that 1,238 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 414 households, out of which 155 (37.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 238 (57.5%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 54 (13.0%) had a female householder with no husband present, 27 (6.5%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 32 (7.7%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 2 (0.5%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 68 households (16.4%) were made up of individuals, and 24 (5.8%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99. There were 319 families (77.1% of all households); the average family size was 3.32.
The population was spread out, with 302 people (24.4%) under the age of 18, 108 people (8.7%) aged 18 to 24, 286 people (23.1%) aged 25 to 44, 387 people (31.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 155 people (12.5%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.
There were 447 housing units at an average density of 17.2 per square mile (6.6/km), of which 309 (74.6%) were owner-occupied, and 105 (25.4%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 2.5%; the rental vacancy rate was 0%. 907 people (73.3% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 331 people (26.7%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in Placer County, California
Census-designated places in California
This is a list of members of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1851 to 1856.
The 1851 Electoral Act increased the number of members in the Council to 54, 18 to be appointed and 36 elected. The initial appointments were made in October 1851. The Speaker was Charles Nicholson.
Notes
References
Members of New South Wales parliaments by term
19th-century Australian politicians
Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 836, in 145 families.
References
Populated places in Semirom County
Pippidi is a Romanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alina Mungiu-Pippidi (born 1964), Romanian political scientist, academic, journalist, and writer
Andrei Pippidi (born 1948), Romanian historian
Romanian-language surnames
Surnames of Romanian origin
Dernst "D'Mile" Emile II (born January 24, 1985) is an American record producer and songwriter from Brooklyn, New York City. They were sometimes referred to as D. Emile, Dernst Emile II, or Dee'Mile and is most commonly known and accredited as D'Mile. According to their official Twitter profile, they are signed by Medinah Entertainment and managed by Natalie Prospere.
Their production work with artists H.E.R. and Lucky Daye was nominated for seven Grammy Awards in 2020. D'Mile became the first songwriter in Grammy history to win Song of the Year two years running. They won in 2021 as co-writer on H.E.R.'s song "I Can't Breathe" and in 2022 for Silk Sonic's "Leave the Door Open". D'Mile also won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for co-writing the song "Fight for You" from the film Judas and the Black Messiah.
Early life
Emile is the son of Haitian vocalist Yanick Étienne, who was featured in recordings by and toured with Bryan Ferry and Roxy Music in the 1980s, and music producer Dernst Emile. They grew up in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York City, and began learning to play the keyboard as a young child.
Career
2005–2012: Career beginnings
Emile made their major production debut on Rihanna's 2005 album Music of the Sun, for which they produced & co-wrote "That La, La, La" with fellow Brooklyn hip-hop group Full Force. Later the same year, they also made an appearance on Mary J. Blige's 2005 album The Breakthrough with the song "Gonna Breakthrough," which they co-wrote and produced. After these bodies of work, a friend introduced D'Mile to Rodney Jerkins, with whom they had an apprenticeship for two years.
They scored their first main chart success with Janet Jackson's tenth studio album, Discipline. They produced and co-wrote the lead single "Feedback," which reached number one on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart, the R&B hit "Luv" as well as the album tracks "I.D.", "Truth or Dare" and "The Meaning".
Justin Bieber worked with D'Mile on "Favorite Girl," which is the fourth single from their debut album My World. D'Mile is also listed as producing the R&B ballad "In the Morning" for Mary J. Blige's ninth album Stronger with Each Tear.
They then worked with Diddy and Dirty Money on their album, "Last Train To Paris," which was released December 14, 2010, producing the song, "Shades", which was co-produced with Justin Timberlake's production group The Y's and featured guest vocals from Timberlake, Lil Wayne, Bilal, and James Fauntleroy II. They also have several productions on Jennifer Lopez's 2011 comeback album, Love? including "One Love"; and the dance-pop number "(What Is) Love?" which was released as the lead soundtrack single and scored in Lopez's 2010 romantic comedy, The Back-up Plan.
D'Mile produced several songs and served as the executive producer for Diggy Simmons' album, Unexpected Arrival, which was released March 20, 2012, on Atlantic Records. D'Mile has produced the single, "Long Distance" by 2011 X-Factor winner, Melanie Amaro which they performed live on the show, December 6, 2012.
2013–present: Current projects
D'Mile has had a strong production record with Ty Dolla Sign, including their Beach House series, Beach House, Beach House 2, Beach House EP, and Beach House 3. Ty Dolla Sign has said that D'Mile is "literally the best producer [he has] ever worked with" following their collaborations. They also produced "Livin' It Up" from Ciara's 2013 album Ciara.
In 2016, they produced the two tracks "Mind Of A Man" and "FWM" for Hard II Love by Usher.
Throughout 2016 and 2017, D'Mile produced all 13 songs on Lucky Daye's debut album titled Painted after the two met in LA. D'Mile also provided background vocals on the song "Paint It." The album was released in 2019 and went on to be nominated at the 2020 Grammy Awards for Best R&B Album, with two album tracks being nominated for Best R&B Performance ("Roll Some Mo") and Best Traditional R&B Performance ("Real Games").
In 2020, they co-produced Charlie Wilson's "Forever Valentine" with Bruno Mars and The Stereotypes. They and Mars also composed Arashi's "Whenever You Call".
Selected discography
This is a non-comprehensive list of D'Mile's production credits, adapted from Tidal.
Awards and nominations
Academy Awards
!
|-
! scope="row"| 2021
| "Fight for You"
| Best Original Song
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|}
Grammy Awards
!
|-
! scope="row"| 2017
| "Still"
| Best Traditional R&B Performance
|
|rowspan="9" style="text-align:center;"|
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="2"| 2019
| "Could've Been"
| rowspan="2"| Best R&B Song
|
|-
| "Roll Some Mo"
|
|-
! scope="row"| 2020
| "I Can't Breathe"
| Song of the Year
|
|-
!scope="row" rowspan="5"| 2022
| rowspan="3"| "Leave the Door Open"
| Record of the Year
|
|-
| Song of the Year
|
|-
| Best R&B Song
|
|-
| rowspan="2"| "Fight for You"
| Song of the Year
|
|-
|Best Song Written for Visual Media
|
|-
|}
Golden Globe Awards
!
|-
! scope="row"|2021
| "Fight for You"
| Best Original Song
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
References
External links
Official website
1985 births
Living people
Best Original Song Academy Award-winning songwriters
Grammy Award winners
Musicians from New York (state)
Record producers from New York (state)
Songwriters from New York (state)
American musicians of Haitian descent
Did You Hear the One About the Traveling Saleslady? is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Don Weis and written by John Fenton Murray. The film stars Phyllis Diller, Bob Denver, Joe Flynn, Eileen Wesson, Jeanette Nolan, Paul Reed, Bob Hastings and David Hartman. The film was released on July 14, 1968, by Universal Pictures.
Plot
Missouri, 1910: In town trying to sell player pianos, traveling saleslady Agatha Knabenshu doesn't have much luck. They lend $1,000 to struggling inventor Bertram Webb, whose new invention, a cow-milking machine, promptly causes $1,500 in damages.
With heartless banker Hubert Shelton about to foreclose on the Webb family's home, Bert has one last hope, a wood-burning automobile that he's created. At an auto race with a $1,500 first prize, Bert is unable to drive, so Agatha gets behind the wheel in their place and wins the race.
Cast
Phyllis Diller as Agatha Knabenshu
Bob Denver as Bertram Webb
Joe Flynn as Hubert Shelton
Eileen Wesson as Jeanine Morse
Jeanette Nolan as Ma Webb
Paul Reed as Pa Webb
Bob Hastings as Lyle Chatterton
David Hartman as Constable
George N. Neise as Ben Milford
Anita Eubank as Young Girl
Kelly Thordsen as Enoch Scraggs
Jane Dulo as Clara Buxton
Charles Lane as Mr. Duckworth
Dallas McKennon as Old Soldier
Herb Vigran as Baggage Man
Lloyd Kino as Laundrey Man
Warde Donovan as Salesman
Eddie Quillan as Salesman
Eddie Ness as Salesman
References
External links
1968 films
1968 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Don Weis
Films scored by Vic Mizzy
Films set in Kansas
Films set in Missouri
Films set in 1910
Universal Pictures films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Meridian Manor is an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C. George T. Santmyers designed the structure in the Colonial Revival style. It exemplifies the speculative middle class apartment buildings that were constructed in Washington in the 1910s and 1920s near the 14th Street streetcar line. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
References
Columbia Heights, Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings completed in 1926
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
Colonial Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Sarinh is a village in Ludhiana district of Punjab, India.
Geography
Sarinh, approximately centered at , is located on the state highway no. 11.
See also
Sarinh, Jalandhar
Buttar Sarinh
References
Villages in Ludhiana district
Marco Luiz Brito (born August 4, 1977) is a retired Brazilian footballer.
Club statistics
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian expatriate footballers
J1 League players
Cypriot First Division players
Fluminense FC players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
CR Vasco da Gama players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
Yokohama F. Marinos players
APOEL FC players
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Association football forwards
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Fred James Douglas (September 14, 1869 – January 1, 1949) was a United States representative from New York. Born in Clinton, Worcester County, Massachusetts, they moved with their parents to Little Falls, New York in 1874. They attended the public schools and was graduated from the medical department of Dartmouth College in 1895. They moved to Utica the same year and commenced the practice of medicine. They were a member of the board of education of Utica from 1910 to 1920 and was Mayor of Utica from 1922 to 1924. In 1928 and 1929 they were commissioner of public safety of Utica, and in 1934, they were an unsuccessful candidate for Lieutenant Governor of New York.
Douglas was elected as a Republican to the 75th and to the three succeeding Congresses, holding office from January 3, 1937 to January 3, 1945. They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1944 and resumed their former profession as a surgeon. In 1949, they died in Utica; interment was in Mount Olivet Cemetery, Whitesboro.
References
1869 births
1949 deaths
Dartmouth College alumni
Physicians from New York (state)
School board members in New York (state)
Mayors of Utica, New York
People from Clinton, Massachusetts
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
American surgeons
William Glover may refer to:
William Glover (MP for Weymouth), in 1394, MP for Weymouth (UK Parliament constituency)
William Glover (fl. 1397), MP for Dartmouth (UK Parliament constituency)
William Glover (MP), (1559-1629) an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1624.
William Glover (North Carolina governor) (1653-1713), lawyer and politician who served as a governor of the province of North Carolina between 1706 and 1708.
William Howard Glover (1819–1875), English musical composer and writer
William Glover Joy, builder of Moorfield House, Headingley, a Victorian house in Headingley, Leeds, England built between 1855 and 1856
William Elwood Glover (1915–1990), Canadian radio and television broadcaster
Bill Glover (born 1952), Christian musician
Billy Glover (1896–1962), English footballer
Little Bill Glover, protagonist of Little Bill, an American animated children's television series.
See also
Charles William Glover (1806–1863), violinist and composer
William Glover Joy
Major-General Sir Lee Oliver Fitzmaurice Stack, (15 May 1868 – 19 November 1924) was a British Army officer and Governor-General of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. On 19 November 1924, they were shot and assassinated while driving through Cairo.
Early life
Born in Darjeeling, India, Lee Stack was the son of the British Inspector-General of Police for Bengal. They were educated at Clifton College and Sandhurst Military Academy.
Career
After service with the British Army, Major Lee Stack was seconded to the Egyptian Army in 1899. In addition to regimental appointments they served as Military Secretary to General Sir Reginald Wingate. They received the Order of Osmanieh, third class, from the Khedive of Egypt in 1902. Stack left the army in 1910 but took up the position of Civil Secretary of the Sudan in 1913, based in Khartoum. On the outbreak of war in 1914 they were granted the temporary rank of lieutenant-colonel, and in 1917 that of major-general when they became Sirdar of the Egyptian Army, combining this appointment with that of Governor General of the Sudan.
Assassination
On 19 November 1924 Sir Lee Stack, accompanied by an aide de camp, was being driven from the Egyptian War Office in Cairo to their official residence. Their car had halted in heavy traffic to give a tram car right of way when several Egyptian students grouped on the pavement fired a volley of revolver shots into the vehicle. Stack's driver (Frederick Hamilton March), although injured, was able to accelerate the car away from the scene of the shooting and reach the nearby residence of the British High Commissioner to Egypt. The Sirdar themselves suffered three wounds and died the next day.
Aftermath
The British High Commissioner Lord Allenby responded with anger, presenting a list of demands to the Egyptian government which included a public apology, an inquiry, suppression of demonstrations and payment of a fine. Furthermore, they demanded withdrawal of all Egyptian officers and Egyptian army units from the Sudan, an increase to the scope of an irrigation scheme in Gezira and laws to protect foreign investors in Egypt.
Seven men convicted of involvement in the assassination were executed by hanging in 1925. Several were identified by a taxi driver whose vehicle they had commandeered to escape from the scene. The pistols used were identified through a pioneering instance of bullet examination by forensic science.
Sir Geoffrey Archer, formerly Governor of Uganda, took over as Governor-General of the Sudan in January 1925, the first time a civilian had held this office.
References
|-
1868 births
1924 deaths
1924 murders in Africa
Assassinated military personnel
Assassinated British politicians
Border Regiment officers
British Army generals
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Deaths by firearm in Egypt
Governors-General of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan
People murdered in Egypt
Murder in Sudan
Robert G. Trocolor (March 31, 1917 – July 27, 1984) was an American football player and coach. They were also a college basketball and football head coach as well as movie actor.
Football career
Player
Trocolor played college football for the Long Island Blackbirds before transferring to play for the Alabama Crimson Tide. They then went undrafted in 1942 but eventually landed a spot with the National Football League's New York Giants, for whom they played for two seasons as a substitute quarterback, punt returner and halfback. In 1944, Trocolor was traded to the Brooklyn Tigers and played in two games. The team merged with the Boston Yanks in 1945, but Trocolor did not get picked up, so their professional football career ended after three seasons.
Coach
In 1974, Trocolor became the third head football coach in William Paterson University Pioneers football program history. They served for just one year and compiled a 2–7 overall record (1–4 conference).
Basketball head coach
Trocolor was chosen as the 12th head coach in Stetson University's men's basketball program history. Similar to their brief stint as a college football coach, they only stayed for one year—the 1949–50 season—before moving on. In their lone season as the Hatters' head coach they compiled a 6–16 record.
Acting
In the 1953 film Big Leaguer, Trocolor plays himself. The movie is about a group of 18- to 22-year-old men who are trying out for a Major League Baseball team, and they are one of the players.
Head coaching record
Football
Basketball
References
External links
1917 births
1984 deaths
20th-century American male actors
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
Brooklyn Tigers players
Long Island Blackbirds football players
New York Giants players
Stetson Hatters football coaches
Stetson Hatters men's basketball coaches
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
People from Franklin Lakes, New Jersey
Coaches of American football from New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Basketball coaches from New Jersey
Male actors from New Jersey
Felix Mendelssohn's Piano Quartet No. 1 in C minor, Op. 1 (MWV Q 11), for piano, violin, viola and cello was completed on 18 October 1822 and dedicated to Polish Prince Antoni Radziwiłł. Mendelssohn's three numbered piano quartets were the first works of theirs to be published, hence their opus numbers.
Structure
The work has four movements:
Allegro vivace (C minor)
Adagio (A-flat major)
Scherzo: Presto (C minor)
Allegro moderato (C minor)
A typical performance lasts just under half an hour.
External links
Chamber music by Felix Mendelssohn
Mendelssohn 1
1822 compositions
Compositions in C minor
Ab Ask (, also Romanized as Āb-e Ask; also known as Ask) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 581, in 170 families.
Ab Ask is famous for its mineral hot springs sources from Mount Damavand, the highest peak in Iran with the elevation of 5610 m above the sea level. Agriculture and Livestock are the main occupation of local residents. Ab Ask is also a very popular fishing spot with an ample amount of red-spot trout fish. The majority of Amol population are originally from Larijan District and those from Ab Ask are known as Aski (from Ab Ask). Most of the Aski people in Amol own a property in Ab Ask and spend their weekends there specifically during spring and summer when the weather is quite cool and pleasant there by driving about 1 hour through Haraz Road.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Coralie de Burgh, Lady Kinahan (16 September 1924 – 31 July 2015) was a British Irish painter who won a bronze medal at the 1948 Olympic Exhibition. Born Coralie Isabel de Burgh to Captain Charles de Burgh, DSO and Isobel Caroline Berkeley de Burgh, they died on 31 July 2015 aged 90. In 1950 they married Ulster Unionist MP Robin Kinahan, with whom they had five children. With their husband they bought and restored Castle Upton at Templepatrick as their family home. One of their children, Danny, is also an Ulster Unionist MP.
References
1924 births
2015 deaths
British painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
British women painters
Irish women painters
20th-century British women artists
20th-century Irish women artists
21st-century British women artists
21st-century Irish women artists
20th-century British painters
20th-century Irish painters
21st-century British painters
21st-century Irish painters
Gustavo Ezequiel Blanco Leschuk (born 5 November 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club SD Eibar.
Early life
Blanco Leschuk was born in Mendoza, Argentina.  They are of Ukrainian descent.
Club career
Blanco Leschuk made their professional debut for Arsenal de Sarandí on 8 March 2011 in a 3–0 draw against Independiente. They scored their first goal in a 1–1 draw against Colón on 11 June 2011.
On 27 February 2014, Anzhi Makhachkala announced they had signed Blanco Leschuk on a free transfer. They didn't make a single appearance at the club and left Anzhi at the end of the season.
In September 2014, Blanco Leschuk signed for Moroccan side Wydad Casablanca on a two-year contract, They terminated their contract with the club by mutual consent in February 2015.
Blanco Leschuk joined Assyriska in March 2015. In 2016, they moved to Ukrainian side FC Karpaty Lviv.
Blanco Leschuk agreed to a contract with FC Shakhtar Donetsk in 2017, but featured sparingly before joining Spanish club Málaga CF on loan on 8 August 2018. Upon returning, they switched teams and countries again after signing for Turkish side Antalyaspor.
On 17 September 2020, Blanco Leschuk returned to Spain after joining Real Oviedo on a one-year loan deal. The following 23 July, they moved to SD Eibar also in the second division, again on loan.
On 16 August 2022, Blanco Leschuk signed a permanent two-year deal with the Armeros.
International career
Leschuk has expressed interest in playing for the Ukraine national team.
Career statistics
Honours
Arsenal de Sarandí
Argentine Primera División (1): 2012 Clausura
Wydad AC
Botola (1): 2014–15
Shakhtar Donetsk
Ukrainian Premier League (2): 2016–17, 2017–18
Ukrainian Cup (2): 2016–17, 2017–18
Ukrainian Super Cup (1): 2017
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mendoza Province
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Arsenal de Sarandí footballers
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
Wydad AC players
Assyriska FF players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
Argentine people of Ukrainian descent
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
FC Shakhtar Donetsk players
Málaga CF players
Segunda División players
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Süper Lig players
Antalyaspor footballers
Real Oviedo players
SD Eibar footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Derek Ridgewell was a former British Transport Police officer who was involved with a series of arrests followed by court cases in which it was later found that they had framed innocent people, and was eventually jailed for mail theft. Several of those convicted by courts based on Ridgewell's false testimony, including the Oval Four and the Stockwell Six, had their convictions quashed decades later. Ridgewell died in prison in 1982.
Previous police career
Ridgewell had been in the police force of Southern Rhodesia.
Modus operandi
Ridgewell's customary behaviour was to dress in plain clothes and confront young black men, falsely accusing them of robbing people. If they resisted arrest, they would assault them. They would make up false confessions and then testify at the Old Bailey.
Tottenham Court Road Two
Two young men were arrested at Tottenham Court Road tube station in 1973 and went on trial later that year. They were devout Jesuit students from Oxford University and the judge halted the trial, saying "I find it terrible that here in London people using public transport should be pounced upon by police officers without a word."
After the trial, Ridgewell was moved from the underground squad to the mail theft unit. They were then moved into a department investigating mailbag theft where they conspired with two criminals to split material stolen from mailbags. They hid the profits of their crimes in five bank accounts, one in Zurich and a bank deposit box.
Conviction
Ridgewell was eventually arrested and convicted of conspiracy to rob and jailed for seven years in 1980. They stole over Although their rank was low, detective sergeant, they owned property and businesses.
The governor of HM Prison Ford asked them why they had embarked on a life of crime to which they replied "I just went bent". They died in prison in 1982, reportedly of a heart attack, possibly murdered, aged 37.
In November 2021, Lucy D'Orsi, the British Transport Police chief constable, apologised to the black community in the United Kingdom "for the trauma suffered by the British African community through the criminal actions" of Ridgewell, adding that "In particular, it is of regret that we did not act sooner to end their criminalisation of British Africans, which led to the conviction of innocent people".
Overturned convictions
Stephen Simmons
Three young white men including Stephen Simmons were in a car in Clapham in June 1975 when they were approached by Ridgewell and two other officers, who questioned them about stolen mailbags. At trial all three pleaded not guilty, but were convicted. Simmons was sent to Borstal in Hollesley Bay to serve eight months. They lost their job and flat, and subsequently suffered from chronic ill health. One of their co-defendants later became an alcoholic and died.
In 2013 Simmons was listening to a radio programme about legal matters in which a barrister answered questions. Simmons rang the programme to ask about their situation; the barrister suggested they make a Google search for the name of their arresting officer, which revealed Ridgewell's conviction. Simmons took their case to the Criminal Cases Review Commission, which carried out meticulous research leading to Simmons's 2018 appeal, which overturned their conviction. It also emerged in court that Ridgewell had been responsible for several cases in which young black men were falsely accused of "mugging" on the London Underground.
Simmons said after their conviction was quashed: "This is one of the happiest days of my life, It has hardly sunk in but I am not a criminal any more. I can hold my head up high. One of the hardest things for me was that my parents did not believe me because they were of the generation that believed that the police could not lie.". Of Ridgewell they said "Ridgewell ruined three lives for no reason and I am sure many, many more ... if this can help someone else who was also arrested by them then at least something will have been achieved."
Winston Trew of the Oval Four embraced Simmons after the acquittal and said "today is a great day. This opens the door for me to present my case. It means that evidence that Ridgewell gave in our trial is as tainted as in Stephen's case."
Oval Four
The Oval Four are four men—Winston Trew, Sterling Christie, George Griffiths and Constantine "Omar" Boucher—who were arrested by police at Oval tube station in March 1972 accused of stealing passengers' handbags. The four were held overnight, and their trial eventually lasted five weeks. They were all found guilty of assaulting police officers and attempted theft in November 1972 and were sentenced to two years in prison. Following an appeal led by John Platts-Mills QC, their sentences were reduced to eight months, although the convictions were upheld, and Lord Justice Haymes commented that the reduction did not ameliorate the seriousness of their crimes. Christie was also convicted of stealing a female police officer's handbag.
Their convictions were overturned in 2019 and 2020.
Stockwell Six
The Stockwell Six are a group of young black British men who were put on trial for attempted robbery in 1972. Five of them, now in their late 60s, were convicted and sent to jail or borstal, but in 2021 the convictions for four of them—who had been released long ago after serving sentences—were overturned; the other could not be traced.
References
Further reading
A book about Ridgewell's crimes by Trew, one of their victims, and Satchwell, a former detective.
British police officers convicted of crimes
1982 deaths
Year of birth unknown
People convicted of theft
Police misconduct in the United Kingdom
Police corruption
British South Africa Police officers
Blow Up Records (or Blow Up) is a British independent record label, that was established in London in May 1994, by Blow Up club founder and DJ Paul Tunkin. There is also an affiliated music publishing company Blow Up Songs.
Music genres of releases from the label include new wave, pop/rock and electronica
Notable releases include one of the first commercially available series of music library compilations 'Blow Up presents Exclusive Blend' (libraries featured include KPM, De Wolfe, Amphonic and Telemusic), 'Blow Up A-Go-Go: Dancefloor Classics' (Blow Up club compilation in conjunction with V2) and several series of limited seven inches featuring bands from across Europe and the UK. Blow Up also released the debut Add N to X album 'Vero Electronics' (1996). Current acts on the label roster include Big Boss Man, Baltic Fleet, The Bongolian, David Woodcock, Daiquiri Fantomas, Mockingbird, Wish Me Luck and Silvery.
Recent releases include 'Towers' (2012), the second album from Baltic Fleet which led to the artist winning the annual Liverpool Echo 'GIT Award' and a performance at Yoko Ono's Meltdown in 2013 which Bloomberg's Robert Heller described as "the psychedelic mid-point between Joy Division and Daft Punk".
Artists
List of artists that have released material under Blow Up Records:
Add N to X
Alfa 9
Aspic Boulevard
Baltic Fleet
Big Boss Man
Capri
CDOASS
Cuff
Daiquiri Fantomas
David Woodcock
Eight Legs
Fay Hallam
Guy Pedersen
Katerine
Komeda
Lucky 15
Mockingbird, Wish Me Luck
Neon Plastix
Noonday Underground
Silvery
Stereo Total
Strip Music
The Bongolian
The Elevators
The Frank Popp Ensemble
The Rifles
The Weekenders
VA6
Discography
List of Blow Up Records releases (incomplete):
Albums
BU004/BLOWUP004 - "Vero Electronics", Add N to X (January 1996)
BU006/BLOWUP006 - "Blow Up Presents Exclusive Blend Volume 1", Various Artists (August 1996)
BU011 - "Blow Up Presents Exclusive Blend Volume 2", Various Artists (December 1997)
GOGO - "Blow Up A-Go-Go! Dancefloor Classics from the Legendary Blow Up Club", Various Artists (December 1997)
BU019 - "Blow Up Presents Exclusive Blend Volume 3", Various Artists (October 2000)
BU024 - "Blow Up Presents Exclusive Blend Volume 4", Various Artists (October 2001)
BU040 - "Outer Bongolia", The Bongolian (February 2008)
BU041 - "Baltic Fleet", Baltic Fleet (March 2008)
BU050 - "Full English Beat Breakfast", Big Boss Man (September 2009)
BU054 - "Awesome Moves", Neon Plastix (May 2010)
BU057 - "Railway Architecture", Silvery (August 2010)
BU060 - "Bongos For Beatniks", The Bongolian (May 2011)
BU066 - "Gone To Ground", Alfa 9 (March 2013)
BU067 - "Lost In Sound", Fay Hallam & The Bongolian (June 2012)
BU068 - "Towers", Baltic Fleet (August 2012)
BU078 - "MHz Invasion", Daiquiri Fantomas (August 2013)
BU089 - "David Woodcock", David Woodcock (August 2014)
BU090 - "Last Man On Earth", Big Boss Man (September 2014)
BU099 - "Yéyé Existentialiste", Stereo Total (June 2015)
BU101 - "Corona", Fay Hallam (October 2015)
BU102 - "Moog Maximus", The Bongolian (July 2016)
BU107 - "The Dear One", Baltic Fleet (October 2016)
Singles
BLOWUP001 - "All Grown Up", The Weekenders (May 1994) [7"]
BLOWUP002 - "Man Of Leisure", The Weekenders (March 1995) [7"]
BLOWUP003 - "Inelegantly Wasted In Papa's Penthouse Pad In Belgravia", The Weekenders (June 1995) [7", CD]
BLOWUP007 - "He Plays Like A Disease", VA6 (August 1996) [7"]
BU008 - "Snowflakes In Hawaii"/"Mon Coeur Balance", Lucky 15/Katerine (April 1997) [7"]
BU013 - "Boogie Woogie/Rock'n'Roll", Komeda (April 1998) [7"]
BU017 - "Sea Groove", Big Boss Man (April 2001) [7"]
BU021 - "The Light Brigade"/"Hello", Noonday Underground (February 2001) [7"]
BU029 - "Peace And Quiet", The Rifles (March 2005) [7"]
BU085 - "Beggars Can't Be Choosers"/"Tease", David Woodcock (November 2013) [7"]
EPs
BU080 - "The Wilds", Baltic Fleet (May 2013)
BU095 - "The Adventures of You and Me EP", David Woodcock (February 2015)
References
External links
Blowup.co.uk
Blowuprecords.com
Blow Up Records on YouTube
Blow Up Records on Myspace
Label discography at Discogs.com
Label discography at MusicBrainz
British record labels
Record labels established in 1994
Record labels based in London
British independent record labels
is the fifth studio album by Swedish singer Håkan Hellström, released on 26 March 2008. It was produced by Håkan Hellström with Joakim Åhlund. Three singles were released from the album; "", "" and "".
Track listing
"" Faith And Doubt
"" For A Long Long Time
"" Gypsy Life Dreamin'
"" Love Is A Letter Sent A Thousand Times
"" I Don't Know Who I Am But I Know I'm Yours
"" Too Late For Edelweiss
"" In Love With An Angel
"" Song Inside A Bus Gone Astray 2007
"" The Four Seasons
"" Long Roads
"" Fly Little Butterfly
"" Not Owing Anyone Anything
Charts
Weekly Charts
Year-end charts
References
2008 albums
Håkan Hellström albums
Swedish-language albums
Robert Peter Silvers is an American lawyer and government official who has served as the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Strategy, Policy, and Plans since 2021.
Education
Silvers received their Bachelor of Arts from the University of Pennsylvania, where they graduated summa cum laude and as valedictorian of the International Relations program and their Juris Doctor from New York University School of Law.
Legal and academic career
After law school, they clerked for Judge Kim McLane Wardlaw of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Prior to joining DHS, Silvers was an attorney at the international law firm O'Melveny & Myers, where they handled complex transnational disputes and investigative matters for their clients. Silvers served as the Obama administration's Assistant Secretary for Cyber Policy at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). They were responsible for engagement on cyber defense with the private sector, the federal government's response during significant cyber incidents, and building diplomatic coalitions to confront the most challenging issues involving security and digital innovation. Silvers previously served in other positions at DHS, including as Deputy Chief of Staff, managing execution of policy and operational priorities for the Department's 22 agencies and offices. Silvers is an adjunct professor in the Master of Science in Cybersecurity Risk and Strategy Program co-offered by New York University School of Law and the New York University Tandon School of Engineering. Silvers is a partner at the law firm Paul Hastings LLP and an experienced leader in national and homeland security. Silvers advises companies and boards of directors on cybersecurity, critical infrastructure protection, and other challenges at the intersection of business and security.
Under Secretary of Homeland Security
In January 2021, Silvers name was suggested for a Department of Homeland Security position. On April 12, 2021, President Joe Biden announced Silvers as the nominee to be the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Strategy, Policy, and Plans. On April 27, 2021, their nomination was sent to the United States Senate. Their nomination is pending before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. On May 27, 2021, a hearing on their nomination was held before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. They were confirmed by the US Senate on August 5, 2021, by Unanimous Consent. They were sworn in on August 10, 2021.
Personal life
A native of New York City, as of April 2021 Silvers lived in Washington, D.C. with their wife and their eight-year-old son and three-year-old daughter.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Biden administration personnel
Lawyers from New York City
New York (state) lawyers
New York University School of Law alumni
New York University School of Law faculty
Paul Hastings partners
People associated with O'Melveny & Myers
United States Department of Homeland Security officials
University of Pennsylvania alumni
The 1995 Skate Israel was the 1st edition of a senior-level international figure skating competition held in Metulla, Israel. It was held at the Canada Centre. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
results
Skate Israel at the Israel Ice Skating Federation
Skate Israel
Israe
Skate Israel
Puerto Nuevo is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 5,908.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Puerto Nuevo barrio was 706.
Puerto Nuevo Beach
Mar Bella Beach, colloquially known as the Puerto Nuevo Beach, has received Blue Flag beach ratings two years in a row, as of 2019, for being a high quality beach. In the high season the beach receives up to 15,000 visitors.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
Reggaeton
References
Barrios of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Articles containing video clips
Events from the year 1703 in literature.
Events
July 29–31 – Daniel Defoe is pilloried at Temple Bar, London, as part of a sentence for seditious libel, after publishing their satirical pamphlet The Shortest Way with the Dissenters (1702).  They are released from Newgate Prison in mid-November.
unknown date – Richard Mead is appointed physician at St Thomas's Hospital, London.
New books
Prose
Joseph Addison – A Letter from Italy
Abel Boyer – The History of the Reign of Queen Anne
Gilbert Burnet – A Third Collection of Several Tracts and Discourses
Edmund Calamy – A Defence of Moderate Non-Conformity
Jeremy Collier – Mr Collier's Dissuasive from the Play-House
William Dampier – A Voyage to New Holland, &c. in the Year 1699
Daniel Defoe
A Brief Explanation of a Late Pamphlet, entitled, The Shortest Way with the Dissenters
A Dialogue Between a Dissenter and the Observator
A Hymn to the Funeral Sermon
Hymn to the Pillory
More Reformation: A satyr upon themselves
The Shortest Way to Peace and Union
A True Collection of the Writings of the Author of the True-Born English-man
John Dunton – The Shortest Way with Whores and Rogues (satire on Defoe)
Thomas Hearne – Reliquiae Bodleianae
George Hickes – Linguarum veterum septentrionalium thesaurus grammatico-criticus et archæologicus
Benjamin Hoadly – The Reasonableness of Conformity to the Church of England
Louis-Armand de Lom d'Arce de Lahontan, Baron de Lahontan – New Voyages to North America
Bernard de Mandeville – Some Fables After the Easie and Familiar Method of Monsieur de la Fontaine
Leonty Magnitsky – Arithmetic (Арифметика)
Henry Maundrell – A Journey from Aleppo to Jerusalem at Easter A.D. 1697
Ned Ward – The Secret History of the Calves-head Clubb (against Republicanism)
Benjamin Whichcote – Moral and Religious Aphorisms
Drama
Thomas Baker – Tunbridge Walks
Charles Boyle – As You Find It
Marie-Anne Barbier – Cornélie, mère des Gracques
William Burnaby – Love Betrayed
Susanna Centlivre – Love's Contrivance
Chikamatsu Monzaemon – The Love Suicides at Sonezaki (曾根崎心中, Sonezaki Shinjū)
Thomas d'Urfey – The Old Mode and the New
Richard Estcourt – The Fair Example
Charles Gildon – The Patriot (adapted by Nathaniel Lee)
John Oldmixon – The Governour of Cyprus
Mary Pix – The Different Widows
Nicholas Rowe – The Fair Penitent
Richard Steele – The Lying Lover
William Walker – Marry, or Do Worse
Richard Wilkinson – Vice Reclaimed
Poetry
Lady Mary Chudleigh – Poems on Several Occasions
William Congreve
A Hymn to Harmony
The Tears of Amaryllis for Amyntas
Sarah Fyge Egerton – Poems on Several Occasions
Pavao Ritter Vitezović – Plorantis Croatiae saecula duo (Two centuries of Croatia in mourning)
See also 1703 in poetry
Births
March 23 – Cajsa Warg, Swedish cookbook author (died 1769)
May 18 – İbrahim Hakkı Erzurumi, Turkish Sufi philosopher (died 1780)
June 28 – John Wesley, English writer of sermons and hymns (died 1791)
October 5 – Jonathan Edwards, American theologian (died 1758)
November 26 – Theophilus Cibber, English playwright (died 1758)
unknown dates
Henry Brooke, Irish novelist and dramatist (died 1783)
Charles Clémencet, French historian (died 1778)
Thomas Cooke, English writer and translator (died 1756)
John Ranby, English surgeon and writer on surgery (died 1773)
Ando Shoeki (安藤 昌益), Japanese philosopher (died 1762)
Gilbert West, English poet and translator (died 1756)
Deaths
January 11 – Johann Georg Graevius, German critic (born 1632)
February 17 – Philippe Goibaud-Dubois, French translator (born 1626)
March 3 – Robert Hooke, English natural philosopher (born 1635)
March 5 – Gabrielle Suchon, French moral philosopher (born 1631)
April 20 – Lancelot Addison, English writer and cleric (born 1632)
May 8 – Vincent Alsop, English religious writer and wit (born c. 1630)
May 16 – Charles Perrault, French writer of fairy tales (born 1628)
May 26 – Samuel Pepys, English diarist (born 1633)
August 21 – Thomas Tryon, English self-help author (born 1634)
September 29 – Charles de Saint-Évremond, French essayist and literary critic (born 1631)
unknown date – Samuel Johnson, English pamphleteer (born 1649)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
Waterkasteel (Dutch "Water Fortress") was the northernmost defense of Batavia (now Jakarta), Dutch East Indies. It was located on the west end of the Sunda Kelapa pier. Because of its location, the fort was also known as "Hornwerk".
History
The objective of this fortress construction was to provide defense at the entrance of Ciliwung because the anchor points had been moved far away from the fortress due to the formation of shoals in front of the estuary and the widening of the coastline. Construction of the fortress began in 1741, improvements were made later on. In 1745, the fortress was laid on a foundation made of hull-remains soaked in mud. This foundation was not strong enough to hold the fortress walls, and therefore in 1750 this structure was refurbished and reconstructed.
In 1776 it was decided to demolish the Waterkasteel. In 1819, the last vestiges of the Waterkasteel was demolished.
Construction
The Waterkasteel fortress, alternatively called "Hornwerk", is a relatively small fortress of approximately 142.9 meter in length and 101.5 meter in width. It was made of coral reef, equipped with barracks, armed forces, and a number of cannon. There were 50 spots for cannons along the top of the fortress wall and eight semi-circular lookout towers, which was called "Rondeel" by local missionary pastor, Johan Maurits Mohr. The fortress contains no buildings. The fort is connected to the mainland by a bridge on the south side of the fortress, This entrance is actually an extension of the west pier embankment (Ciliwung River Embankment). On the southeast bastion, there are two rectangular plots identified as having been the fortress commander's residence and the troop barracks.
See also
List of colonial buildings and structures in Jakarta
List of forts
References
Buildings and structures in Jakarta
Colonial architecture in Jakarta
Kristen Ann Cloke (born September 2, 1968) is an American actor. They appeared in Space: Above and Beyond, and has acted in several small parts of other TV series.  They are known for their role as Valerie Lewton in Final Destination and as Leigh Colvin in the slasher film Black Christmas (2006). Cloke frequently appears in productions written, produced or directed by their husband, Glen Morgan.
Personal life
Cloke was born in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles, California and attended California State University, Northridge.  They are married to producer, writer, and director Glen Morgan, and has four children.
Career
Them first feature film role was the female lead in Megaville, alongside Billy Zane.
Cloke's other credits include lead parts in Caged Fear and A Part of the Family. They have also had featured roles in Stay Tuned, Mistress, and The Marrying Man. Cloke's previous television credits include: Winnetka Road as Maybeth, Silk Stalkings as Annie Overstreet, and guest appearances on One West Waikiki, Cheers, Mad About You, Dear John, Murder They Wrote, Quantum Leap, Doogie Howser, MD, and Vengeance Unlimited.
In 1995, Cloke's breakout role came as Captain Shane Autumn Vansen on Space: Above and Beyond. As a result of their work as Vansen, a guest role in The X-Files episode "The Field Where I Died" was written for them Cloke played Melissa Ephesian, a wife of a cult leader and soulmate of FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder; Melissa is thought to have Dissociative Identity Disorder, though it is later revealed that their different personalities correspond to their past lives. They later described the episode as a love letter between themselves and producer Glen Morgan, their then fiancé (now husband).
In 1996, they received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for their performance in the ABC Afterschool Special “The Long Road Home”, in which they played a young wife who has difficulty relating to their husband's son. In 1997-98, they had recurring role as Dr. Lara Means of the Millennium Group on Millennium.
On March 17, 2000, Cloke starred as Valerie Lewton in the film, Final Destination.
Filmography
Film
Television
Writer
References
External
1968 births
Actresses from California
American film actores
American television actores
California State University, Northridge alumni
Living people
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
People from Van Nuys, Los Angeles
Jock Inglis was a Scottish footballer who played in The Football League for Preston North End.
References
Scottish footballers
Preston North End F.C. players
English Football League players
1920 deaths
Year of birth missing
Association football forwards
Eligius Fromentin (1767October 6, 1822) was an American politician.
Fromentin was born and raised in France, where they later became a Jesuit Roman Catholic priest. Fromentin fled the country during the French Revolution and arrived in the United States. They at first settled in Pennsylvania, but then moved to Maryland, where they were a schoolteacher and a priest. By the early 19th century, Fromentin decided to leave the church and moved to Louisiana, which was being purchased by the United States. They settled in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1803, and became a lawyer. They were a slave owner.
Fromentin was a member of the territorial house of representatives from 1807 to 1811. They were part of the constitutional convention that developed Louisiana's state constitution when it became a state in 1812. In 1813, they were elected to the United States Senate from Louisiana, and served for one term, retiring in 1819. They may have been the first former priest to serve in Congress. Fromentin was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1814.
Upon their retirement, Fromentin returned to Louisiana and became judge of the New Orleans criminal court in 1821. They soon left this position to become a federal judge for West Florida after being appointed by James Monroe. Fromentin was engaged in a conflict with Andrew Jackson, the Territorial Governor of Florida, as they disagreed over the boundaries of power between their offices, on how to best establish a new government, and because Jackson was wary of rumours of Fromentin's adultery and inability to pay debts. Fromentin most likely resigned as judge due to an incident involving the arrest of José María Callava, the former Spanish Governor of West Florida. Jackson accused Callava of trying to flee to Cuba with Spanish documents related to Florida. Fromentin's habeas corpus writ for Callava was also rejected by Jackson. Fromentin then returned to New Orleans, where they died the following year.
See also
List of United States senators born outside the United States
References
External links
United States senators from Louisiana
French emigrants to the United States
Louisiana state court judges
18th-century French Jesuits
1767 births
1822 deaths
Louisiana Democratic-Republicans
Democratic-Republican Party United States senators
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
The band-tailed oropendola (Cacicus latirostris) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.
It is found at low densities in the western Amazon in Brazil, Ecuador, Peru and far southern Colombia.
References
band-tailed oropendola
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
band-tailed oropendola
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mahmoud Soliman (born 27 August 1972) is an Egyptian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Carenum versicolor is a species of ground beetles in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897. It is found in Australia.
References
External links
Carenum versicolor at Atlas of Living Australia
versicolor
Beetles described in 1897
Beetles of Australia
The Bierlein government () was the 32nd Government of Austria following the collapse of the First Kurz government headed by Chancellor Sebastian Kurz in the aftermath of the Ibiza affair. Sworn in on 3 June 2019, the Bierlein government was the first purely technocratic government in Austrian history, first interim government after a successful motion of no confidence in Parliament and first government headed by a female chancellor. As head of government, Brigitte Bierlein was assisted by Clemens Jabloner as vice-chancellor.
The cabinet was officially dissolved on 7 January 2020 and succeeded by the Second Kurz government, in which The Greens replaced the Freedom Party as the People's Party's junior coalition partner. Both newly-installed government parties have gained support at the expense of the People's Party's previous coalition partners in the 2019 legislative election.
Background
The First Kurz government was a coalition government between the conservative Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) and the right-wing Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ). In May 2019, following the Ibiza affair, vice chancellor and Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache and their deputy, Johann Gudenus, both resigned from all of their offices. People's Party Chancellor Sebastian Kurz called for new elections. However, Kurz petitioned Federal President Alexander Van der Bellen to additionally remove the controversial FPÖ Minister of the Interior, Herbert Kickl, from office. This prompted all other FPÖ ministers to resign from their ministries as well.
As a result, the Kurz I government was no longer supported by a majority of the members of the National Council, and was removed in republican Austria's first successful vote of no confidence. President Van der Bellen appointed Brigitte Bierlein, then head of the Constitutional Court, as interim chancellor. Following the Austrian constitution, they then picked the rest of the ministers, subject to the president's approval.
Significance
While Austria has a directly elected president who is legally allowed to appoint anybody they see fit as Chancellor, the National Council's ability to pass a motion of no confidence means that Austrian governments effectively still require confidence and supply, like in purely parliamentary democracies. Even though coalition governments have, in the past, often failed, they usually remained in office until the next government was elected and appointed. A technocratic government was sometimes mentioned as a possible alternative to partisan coalition governments, but beyond the occasional appointment of independent experts to select ministries, the idea was dismissed as unrealistic due to asupervisorstioned confidence requirements.
The removal of Sebastian Kurz from office marked the first time in the history of Austria that a successful motion of no confidence was passed against an entire government at once. President Van der Bellen was forced to appoint a new government, but there were no other feasible coalitions, and the new election date was already set for late September. With votes from the opposition, including the ousted Freedom Party, it was even moved to a later date than what was proposed by Kurz' People's Party. It was therefore no a surprise when Van der Bellen, again for the first time in Austria, used their powers to appoint an independent chancellor.
Bierlein was the first chancellor not affiliated with either one of the major parties, the Austrian People's Party and the Social Democratic Party of Austria. They were also the first female chancellor, and the first independent chancellor, to have been appointed following a successful motion of no confidence.
Composition
The cabinet consists of:
References
2019 establishments in Austria
Cabinets established in 2019
Politics of Austria
Austrian governments
2010s in Austria
Cabinets disestablished in 2020
2020 disestablishments in Austria
László Palácsik (22 May 1959 – 27 January 2022) was a Hungarian biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Palácsik died from heart disease on 27 January 2022, at the age of 62.
References
External links
1959 births
2022 deaths
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Hungarian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Hungary
Sportspeople from Miskolc
Drăgotești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Corobăi, Drăgotești and Trestioara.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
The Indo-European Etymological Dictionary (commonly abbreviated IEED) is a research project of the Department of Comparative Indo-European Linguistics at Leiden University, initiated in 1991 by Peter Schrijver and others. It is financially supported by the Faculty of Humanities and Centre for Linguistics of Leiden University, Brill Publishers, and the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research.
Overview
The IEED project is supervised by Alexander Lubotsky. It aims to accomplish the following goals:
to compile etymological databases for the individual branches of Indo-European, containing all the words that can be traced back to Proto-Indo-European, and print them in Brill's Leiden Indo-European Etymological Dictionary series,
to publish those databases free of charge electronically on the Internet, by utilizing Sergei Starostin's STARLING software technology,
finally, once the etymological dictionaries of the individual branches have been compiled, to create a new large Indo-European etymological dictionary that will serve as a replacement of Julius Pokorny's outdated but still immensely valuable Indogermanisches etymologisches Wörterbuch.
Contributors by branch
Albanian: Bardhyl Demiraj, Michiel de Vaan
Anatolian: Alwin Kloekhorst
Armenian: Hrach Martirosyan
Baltic: Rick Derksen
Celtic: Ranko Matasović
Germanic: Guus Kroonen
Old Frisian: Dirk Boutkan, Sjoerd Siebinga
Greek: Robert Beekes
Indo-Iranian:
Indo-Aryan: Alexander Lubotsky
Iranian: Garnik Asatrian
Iranian verbs: Johnny Cheung
Italic: Michiel de Vaan
Slavic: Rick Derksen
Tocharian: Michaël Peyrot
Printed works
The project has so far resulted in the following printed works:
See also
Indo-European studies
Lexikon der indogermanischen Verben (LIV, published 1998 and 2001 by Helmut Rix and others)
Proto-Indo-European language
References
External links
(2011 archive)
Leiden Indo-European Etymological Dictionary Series, Brill Academic Publishers
Etymological dictionaries
Indo-European linguistics works
Brill Publishers books
Gavkosh () may refer to:
Gavkosh, Hormozgan
Gavkosh, Kerman
Gavkosh, Jiroft, Kerman Province
Gavkosh, Razavi Khorasan
See also
Gav Kosh (disambiguation)
Özkaya is a Turkish surname.
People
Ali Özkaya, a Justice and Development Party politician
Serkan Özkaya, a Turkish-American conceptual artist
Naci Özkaya, a footballer who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics
Özgür Özkaya, a footballer for Altay S.K.
Turkish-language surnames
Sonnet 67 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It's a member of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses their love towards a young man, and is a thematic continuation of Sonnet 66. In this poem, the speaker's anxiety about the social difference between them and their beloved takes the form of a criticism of courtly corruption. This sonnet was placed first in the pirated and mangled edition of 1640.
Structure
Sonnet 67 is an English or Shakespearean sonnet. The English sonnet has three quatrains, followed by a final rhyming couplet. It follows the typical rhyme scheme of the form, ABAB CDCD EFEF GG, and is composed in iambic pentameter, a type of poetic metre based on five pairs of metrically weak/strong syllabic positions. The third line exemplifies a regular iambic pentameter:
× / × / × / × / × /
That sin by them advantage should achieve (67.3)
/ = ictus, a metrically strong syllabic position. × = nonictus.
Line eight exemplifies an initial reversal, of which there are several in this sonnet:
/ × × / × / × / × /
Roses of shadow, since their rose is true? (67.8)
Source and analysis
Gary Schmidgall notes that the underlying conceit of the sonnet derives from Petrarch, for whom hyperbolic praise is a main part of the stock in trade. For most critics, this theme is in this poem significant as it interacts with another theme, the corruption of the court. This theme, which was prominent in the voguish satire of the 1590s. As they would in Hamlet, Shakespeare draws on the language of abuse derived ultimately from Roman satirists such as Juvenal and Horace. The combination of satiric and romantic language is commonly said to reinforce the speaker's ambivalence about their beloved. M. M. Mahood notes the lexical uncertainty of line 1, which leaves open the possibility that the friend themselves is infected. For this reason, Roger Warren points to a thematic similarity to All's Well That Ends Well, whose hero, Bertram, is similarly ambiguous.
"Lace" in line 4 has been glossed various ways. Citing Romeo and Juliet and Macbeth, George Steevens glossed it as "embellish"; Edward Dowden agreed, but George Wyndham has it as "diversify." Wyndham also perceives a reference to the "rival poet" in lines 7–8. In line 8, "seeing" is sometimes amended to "seeming" but more commonly "dead seeing" is glossed as some variation "lifeless appearance."
Notes
References
Baldwin, T. W. On the Literary Genetics of Shakspeare's Sonnets. Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 1950.
Hubler, Edwin. The Sense of Shakespeare's Sonnets. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1952.
Warren, George. "Why Does It End Well? Helena, Bertram, and the Sonnets." Shakespeare Studies 22 (1969).
British poems
Sonnets by William Shakespeare
The Maritime Search and Rescue () is the Mexican Navy's SAR unit. It is responsible for improving the quality and effectiveness of the Navy's response to Mexico's maritime emergencies. The Mexican Navy historically has been responsible for the search and rescue operations using its available resources. However, aware of the importance of safeguarding human life at sea and the growing demand of sea rescue, the High Command of the Navy established a separate, specialist arm for the task.
Organization and operations
The Mexican Search and Rescue primary missions are SAR operations within 50 miles of the Mexican coastline, to accomplish search and rescue operations in a timely manner, It utilizes 5 current active Naval Stations. There are two types of Search and Rescue Naval Stations (Estaciones Navales de Búsqueda y Rescate, ENSAR). Type A (Alfa) Naval Stations are equipped with one 47-Foot Motor Lifeboat and two 33-foot Defender-class boats. Type B (Bravo) are equipped with 33-foot Defender-class boats. The first Naval Station to be active was opened on April 6, 2007 in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco. In total the Maritime SAR unit goal is 19 ENSAR stations—six Type As, and 13 Type Bs.
Active ENSAR stations
Puerto Vallarta ENSAR station (Jalisco)
Ensenada ENSAR station (Baja California)
Los Cabos ENSAR station (Baja California Sur)
Huatulco ENSAR station (Oaxaca)
Isla Mujeres ENSAR station (Quintana Roo)
Equipment
References
Sea rescue organizations
Mexican Navy
Tarisai Musakanda (born 31 October 1994) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who plays for the Zimbabwe national cricket team. They were part of Zimbabwe's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
Domestic career
They made their List A debut in 2014 and their first-class debut in the same year.
In December 2018, during the opening round of the 2018–19 Logan Cup, Musakanda scored their maiden century in first-class cricket. In December 2020, they were named as the captain of the Rhinos for the 2020–21 Logan Cup.
International career
In October 2016 they were included in Zimbabwe's Test squad for their series against Sri Lanka. The following month they were included in Zimbabwe's One Day International (ODI) squad for the tri-series against Sri Lanka and the West Indies. They made their ODI debut in the final of the tri-series against Sri Lanka.
In February 2017, they were named in an academy squad by Zimbabwe Cricket to tour England later that year. They made their Test debut for Zimbabwe against Sri Lanka in their one-off Test in Colombo on 14 July 2017.
In June 2018, they were named in a Zimbabwe Select team for warm-up fixtures ahead of the 2018 Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series. Later the same month, they were named in a 22-man preliminary Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for the tri-nation series. They made their T20I debut for Zimbabwe against Pakistan on 1 July 2018, during the tri-series.
In September 2018, they were named as the captain of Zimbabwe's squad for the 2018 Africa T20 Cup tournament. They were the leading run-scorer for Zimbabwe in the tournament, with 182 runs in four matches.
Personal life
In February 2022, Musakanda was charged with culpable homicide after failing to report a road accident in which a pedestrian was killed. The pedestrian was later identified as Gwinyai Chingoka, a Zimbabwean tennis player who went onto represent Zimbabwe at the Davis Cup.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Zimbabwean cricketers
Zimbabwe Test cricketers
Zimbabwe One Day International cricketers
Zimbabwe Twenty20 International cricketers
Sportspeople from Masvingo
Mid West Rhinos cricketers
Rising Stars cricketers
Zimbabwe Select XI cricketers
Ingolf is a masculine given name, that has its roots in Germanic mythology. The first part "Ing" refers to the germanic god Yngvi, the second part means "wolf". It may refer to:
Count Ingolf of Rosenborg (born 1940), member of the Danish royal family
Ingolf Elster Christensen (1872–1943), Norwegian politician
Ingolf Dahl (1912–1970), German-born American composer, pianist, conductor and educator
Ingolf U. Dalferth (born 1948), German philosopher and theologian
Ingolf Davidsen (1893–1946), Norwegian gymnast
Ingolf Gabold (born 1942), Danish composer
Ingolf Lindau (born 1942), Swedish physicist and professor
Ingolf Lück (born 1958), German actor, comedian and television host
Ingolf Mork (born 1947), Norwegian ski jumper
Ingolf E. Rasmus (1902-1996), American politician and lawyer
Ingolf Rød (1889–1963), Norwegian sailor
Ingolf Rogde (1911–1978), Norwegian actor
Ingolf Schanche (1877–1954), Norwegian actor and theatre director
Ingolf Håkon Teigene (1949–2007), Norwegian journalist
Ingolf Wiegert (born 1957), former East German handball player
Ingolf Wunder (born 1985), Austrian pianist
Ingolf Vogeler, a character in the Emberverse series of science fiction novels by S. M. Stirling, first appearing in The Sunrise Lands
Norwegian masculine given names
Dera Ismail Khan Division is an administrative division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan. It is the southernmost division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Location
Dera Ismail Khan Division borders Bannu Division (also Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) in the north, Dera Ghazi Khan Division and Sargodha Division (both Punjab) in the south-east and east respectively, Zhob Division (Balochistan) province in the south, and Afghanistan in the west.
History
It was formed after the implementation of the One Unit Scheme in 1954, according to which the North-West Frontier Province was divided into Dera Ismail Khan and Peshawar Divisions reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. Until the 1990s, it also contained Bannu Division. After the passing of the 25th Amendment in 2018, the South Waziristan Tribal Agency was added to the division.
Districts
It currently contains the following districts:
Dera Ismail Khan District
Tank District
Lower South Waziristan District
Upper South Waziristan District
References
Divisions of Pakistan
Bâlteni is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bâlteni, Cocoreni, Moi, Peșteana-Jiu and Vlăduleni.
The commune îs situated at a distance of west of Bucharest, south of Târgu Jiu, and north-west of Craiova.
Natives
Vasile Roaită (1914–1933)
References
See also
Bălteni (disambiguation)
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Derek Austin (11 August 1921 – 22 May 2001) was a librarian and author.
Career
From 1963 to 1967, they were a Subject Editor at the British National Bibliography. They were also a developer of innovative digital cataloguing systems and the creator of the PRECIS indexing language in 1974, which was used worldwide and for the British National Bibliography. "His aim was to create an indexing system that would liberate indexers from the constraints of 'relative significance' (main entries). ...As by-products of their indexing theories they worked out drafts that in the mid-1980s were accepted as British and International Standards for examining documents, and for establishing multilingual and monolingual thesauri". PRECIS was an example of the application of syntactical devices in indexing. It was replaced at the British National Biography by COMPASS in 1996, which was later replaced by Library of Congress Subject Headings.
After 1974, Austin was head of the Subject System Office, The British Library.
Awards
1976 Ranganathan Award, from FID/CR and the Documentation Research and Training Centre (Bangalore)
1978 Margaret Mann Citation, from the American Library Association
1982 Received their Ph.D. from Sheffield University
Austin was a supernumerary Fellow at Harris Manchester College, University of Oxford. They were also a member of the Royal Corps of Signals from 1941–1946.
Published works
Reviews of Austin's works
See also
Classification Research Group
References
1921 births
2001 deaths
People educated at Enfield Grammar School
English librarians
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Corps of Signals soldiers
Sehore District is a district of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. The town of Sehore is the district headquarters. The district is part of Bhopal Division.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, Sehore District has a population of 1,311,332. This gives it a ranking of 373 in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 21.51%. Sehore has a sex ratio of 918 females for every 1,000 males and a literacy rate of 71.11%. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes make up 20.69% and 11.10% of the population respectively.
According to the 2011 Census of India, 95.38% of the population in the district spoke Hindi, 2.31% Urdu and 1.46% Malvi as their first language.
References
External links
Sehore District web site
Districts of Madhya Pradesh
Beaner Lake is a lake in Okanogan County, Washington, in the United States.
The name of the lake has been criticized in the media for containing the ethnic slur beaner.
See also
List of lakes in Washington
References
Lakes of Okanogan County, Washington
Lakes of Washington (state)
Nafrian () is a village situated near Thimka in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.
References
Villages in Gujrat District
Piazza Ruggero Settimo is a square of Palermo. Along with the contiguous Piazza Castelnuovo, it forms a single urban space, commonly called Piazza Politeama, by virtue of the presence of Teatro Politeama, the second most important theatre of the city after Teatro Massimo. The square is located between Via Ruggero Settimo and Viale della Libertà, near the historic centre of Palermo, and represents one of the most popular city's square.
It is dedicated to the Sicilian patriot Ruggero Settimo and a monument depicting them (work of Benedetto De Lisi) is located at the centre of the square.
See also
Piazza Castelnuovo
Teatro Politeama
External links
Palermo Quick visit (Politeama, Massimo, Vuccirìa, piazza Marina) - visitsicily.info
Ruggero Settimo
Pathergy is a skin condition in which a minor trauma such as a bump or bruise leads to the development of skin lesions or ulcers that may be resistant to healing. Pathergy can also lead to ulcerations at the site of surgical incisions. Pathergy is seen with both Behçet's disease and pyoderma gangrenosum. A highly similar phenomenon known as the Koebner phenomenon occurs in autoimmune diseases such as psoriasis and systemic lupus erythematosus, among others.
Doctors looking toward a diagnosis of Behçet's disease may attempt to induce a pathergy reaction with a test known as a "skin prick test". The inflammation and ulceration that occurs as a result of pathergy in pyoderma gangrenosum often responds to systemic steroid therapy.
The pathergy reaction is a unique feature of Behçet's disease and, according to the International Study Group for Behcet's Disease, is among the major criteria required for the diagnosis. Different positive pathergy reaction rates in BD have been reported worldwide. When BD-positive groups are studied for pathergy reaction, the pathergy-positive and pathergy-negative BD groups showed a similar male: female ratio, age at disease onset, and mean disease duration. They also exhibited similar HLA-B51 levels and a similar frequency of oral ulcerations in close family members. The mucocutaneous manifestations, systemic disease expression, and severity score were similar in patients with and without the pathergy reaction. The presence of a positive pathergy reaction is not associated with an increased risk for specific mucocutaneous or systemic manifestations of the disease, and probably does not predict a more severe disease course.
It is also important to note that, while a positive pathergy reaction helps to confirm a specific Behçet's disease diagnosis, a negative reaction does not invalidate a BD diagnosis, because the disease process has to be active at the time of the skin prick test to produce a pathergy reaction. Differences in positive/negative pathergy and severity of the reaction depend on disease activity, ethnicity, type of needle used for the prick test, among other factors.
Pathergy test is done both orally and cutaneous.
Orally, the lower lip is the site of testing. Appearance of any ulcer or papule indicates a positive pathergy reaction.
Cutaneous sites are the flexor forearm.
Epidemiology
See also
Cutaneous conditions
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Dermatologic terminology
Qaziabad (, also Romanized as Qāẕīābād) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Muhammad Tegh Ali () or Sarkar-e-Surkanhi was a saint of the Qadri Sufi order in the Indian subcontinent.
Khanqhe Abadaniya
Finally, they returned to their native and shifted to Surkanhi Sharif and established a center of education and Sufism. There, a Khanqah Abadania and Madarsa Alimia were established. While in their life, they spread all their teachings to the people and taught them what they regarded as the correct way to preach Islam by doing tabliqh.
Death
Tegh Ali died on 1 Rabi' al-thani 1378 (14 October 1958) at 6:35 pm. Their kabr-e-anwar is located just behind the khanqah.
See also
Islam in India
Sufism in India
References
External links
Info
Data
Indian Sufi saints
People from Bihar
1882 births
1958 deaths
It is not known when postal orders began to be issued in Brunei.
Bruneian-issued Malaysian postal orders
Malaysian postal orders were issued in Brunei as late as 1988, but it is not known when these issues began nor when they ended. Extant examples issued at the post office in Bandar Seri Begawan have been confirmed.
Bruneian-issued British postal orders
British postal orders are issued in the local post offices. It is not known when this practice started.
British Forces Post Office issues
As Brunei is a fully independent Commonwealth member state, postal orders are issued at the BFPO in Seria.
Currencies of Brunei
Brunei
Postal system of Brunei
Kelvin Boakye (born 6 June 1991) known by the stage name Serious Klein is a German-Ghanaian rapper born in Hannover, Germany that has emerged from the underground hip-hop scene in Germany.
Early life
Serious Klein was born in Hannover, Germany to Ghanaian parents. Their mother (a single mother) works in Kindergarten and their father was a business person who is now perhaps dead. Their parents separated when they were 2 years old and they moved to Duisburg (North Rhine - Westphalia, Germany) at the age of 4. They later moved to Oer-Erkenschwick. Serious started writing music at the early age of 12. They recorded their first song when they were 14 years old through a school project with the former music label VJ-Style.
Music career
Serious Klein began performing under the name “key bee” which is short for their birth name Kelvin Boakye and changed their name to the present one in 2012. Their mentor Ross Osei and their former in house producer Johannes "Shove Island" Altendorf took them under their wings and made them part of their own label DSTY records in 2009. They later formed the collective/label the family tree / 555 together with their manager Teddy Sarpong, Their Tour Dj Dominik “Dayson” Antwi (in 2015) & their producer & long time collaborator Rascal.
Serious recorded their first EP "The Serious Outlook" in 2012 which helped them get recognized locally in Germany. After their first EP they did the following EPs "The Introduction“ in 2015 and “Summer 03's Problem" in 2016.
Serious released their debut album You Should've Known in 2018, out via Majestic Casual.
Discography
Studio albums
You Should've Known (August 2018)
EPs
The Introduction (June 17, 2015)
Summer 03's Problem (August 2, 2016)
Singles
Notable performances & concerts
Serious Klein has also performed at the Esquire Awards which is to celebrate achievement of men and women in the middle east in Dubai 2017.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Alternative hip hop musicians
German people of Ghanaian descent
German rappers
Ghanaian rappers
Musicians from Hanover
21st-century male musicians
The Rubicon River, an inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower South Eastern Highlands bioregion and Northern Country/North Central regions of the Australian state of Victoria. The headwaters of the Rubicon River rise on the western slopes of the Victorian Alps and descend to flow into the Goulburn River.
Location and features
The Rubicon River rises from the Great Dividing Range below the Blue Range east of , and flows northwest, fueled by runoff from the Blue and Cerberean Ranges, joined by the Royston River and one minor tributary, before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River, west of the town of . The river descends over its course.
The Rubicon Hydroelectric Scheme, a small run-of-the-river hydroelectric scheme, is located at the mouth of the Royston River. The Rubicon River is impounded by a concrete arch dam diverts water into the Rubicon aqueduct to the site of the Royston Power Station, where it collects water diverted from the Royston River. Water then travels a further to the Rubicon Power Station forebay. The Rubicon Power Station has two horizontal single-jet Pelton wheel generators. Further power stations are located at the Lower Rubicon Power Station, some down-river and at the Rubicon Falls Power Station. Established in 1924, the Scheme is on the Victorian Heritage Register and the Register of the National Estate.
Etymology
The river was at first probably called Rubicon Creek. The naming of the river first appeared on Thomas Ham's Map of Australia Felix in 1847, and was listed by Wells in 1848. The name of the river is derived from the Latin word rubico, a reddish river in central Italy, perhaps the modern Fiumicino or Pisciatello, at the border of Cisalpine Gaul and Italy.
See also
List of rivers of Victoria
References
Rivers of Victoria (Australia)
Goulburn Broken catchment
Rivers of Hume (region)
Tributaries of the Goulburn River
Anna de Belocca (née de Bellokh) (4 January 1854 – unknown) was a Russian-born operatic contralto.
Biography
They were born in St.Petersburg, where their father was an Imperial Russian Councilor of State. After studying in St. Petersburg with Henriette Nissen-Saloman and in Paris with Nicolas Lablache and Maurice Strakosch, they made their stage debut in Paris at the Théâtre Italien as Rosina The Barber of Seville. They also appeared there in the title role of La Cenerentola and as Arsace in Semiramide. They appeared in various cities in Europe, including London, where they made their debut with Mapleson's company. They then became a member of the Strakosch Opera Company with whom they made their American debut on 17 April 1876 as Rosina at New York's Academy of Music. They also appeared in concerts in Boston, Chicago, Philadelphia and San Francisco. With the Mapleson company, they continued to sing leading roles in New York and Philadelphia through the 1880s.
References
Hurst, P. G. The Operatic Age of Jean de Reszke: Forty Years of Opera, 1874-1914, McBride, 1959.
Lahee, Henry Charles, Famous singers of to-day and yesterday, L.C. Page, 1908.
The New York Times, "A New Prima Donna", 4 April 1876.
The New York Times, "Musical and Dramatic: The Italian Opera, 18 April 1876.
The Chicago Tribune, 16 April 1876, Page 12
San Francisco Chronicle, 13 July 1876, Page 3
Tompkins, Eugene, The history of the Boston Theatre, 1854-1901, Houghton Mifflin, 1908
External links
Portrait and brief biography on www.picturehistory.com
1854 births
Year of death unknown
19th-century women opera singers of the Russian Empire
Operatic contraltos
Women singers of the Russian Empire
Singers from Saint Petersburg
Carenum optimum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1895.
References
optimum
Beetles described in 1895
The Religious Education Association is the world's oldest and largest association of scholars and researchers in the field of religious education. It is a nonprofit member association, serving as a professional and learned society for scholars and researchers involved in the field of religious education. It has several hundred members, most of whom are from North America, with a scattering of members worldwide. REA members are university and college professors, independent scholars, secondary teachers, clergy, church educators, curriculum developers, judicatory executives, seminarians, graduate students, and interested lay-people. REA members come from multiple faith traditions, and no tradition, and study a very diverse array of religious traditions. The REA's leaders (presidents and executive secretaries) are drawn from a distinguished list of educators.
History
The REA was founded in 1903 by William Rainey Harper, the first president of the University of Chicago, with the support of the Council of Seventy, a learned society of biblical scholars. The keynote speaker at its first convention was John Dewey. In its early years the Association was organized into several groups: Council of religious education, Universities and colleges, Theological seminaries, Churches and pastors, Sunday schools, Secondary public schools, Elementary public schools, Private schools, Teacher-training, Christian associations, Young people's societies, the Home, Libraries, the Press, Correspondence instructions, Summer assemblies, Religious art, and Music. In 1906 the Association began to publish the journal Religious Education under the editorship of Henry Cope. In 1953 the Association marked its 50th anniversary with a three-day meeting at the University of Pittsburgh that brought together more than 2500 Christian and Jewish educators from the US and Canada. In 1973 the Association began awarding the William Harper Rainey award to distinguished educators. In 1975, the Association held a major national colloquy on civil religion at which scholars Robert Bellah, Vine DeLoria, Jr., and Michael Novak spoke. In 1992 the Association began awarding the Herman E. Wornom award to distinguished institutions. In 2003 the REA merged with the Association of Professors and Researchers in Religious Education (which was formed in 1970 from an earlier section of the National Council of Churches). Yale University holds the archives of the Religious Education Association and its predecessor bodies.
Publications
The REA has published the scholarly journal Religious Education continuously since 1906 (archives of which are available electronically at Taylor & Francis). This journal has consistently published work by scholars from multiple continents, diverse faith traditions, and various educational settings, and maintains a high level of citation in various ranking systems. In 2014 the REA began publishing a scholarly monograph series entitled Horizons in Religious Education jointly with Wipf & Stock. The REA also publishes a quarterly newsletter, eREACH, which began as the “religious education association clearing house,” and which serves to network, resource, and connect the association members.
Annual meeting
The REA hosts an annual meeting, usually in early July. Meeting presentations occur in three formats: research interest group (a formal scholarly paper), collaborative session (engaging ideas from a number of scholars on the same theme), and poster (a typical scholarly poster presentation). The association has a long history of commitment to collegiality, innovative learning design, and support for students. In addition, the REA is a “related scholarly organization” to the American Academy of Religion, and hosts one session each year at the AAR annual meeting.
References
External links
Official website of the Religious Education Association
The scholarly journal Religious Education
eREACH, the newsletter of the Religious Education Association
The books series jointly published by REA and Wipf and Stock, Horizons in Religious Education
Significant documents from the history of the REA which have been digitized by the Hathi Trust.
Yale University Archives for the REA
Yale University Archives for APRRE
Religion and education
Religious education
Learned societies of the United States
Interfaith organizations
Organizations established in 1903
Mobio Besse Henri (12 October 1977 – 12 March 2020) was an Ivorian professional boxer.
Biography
On 10 June 2005, Henri won the African Boxing Confederation (ABC) light heavyweight title by beating Georges Akono. On 9 March 2007, Henri defeated Isaac Paakwesi Ankrah in the 11th round. They lost their ABC title on 24 October 2008 to Olubi Severin in the 3rd round.
References
Ivorian male boxers
1977 births
2020 deaths
Teyssier Island () is an island at the south end of the Jocelyn Islands in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37. Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for P. Teyssier, cook at nearby Mawson Station in 1959.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Mac. Robertson Land
The Union Académique Internationale (UAI)—in English, International Union of Academies—is a federation of many national academies and international academies from more than 60 countries all over the world which works in the field of Humanities and Social Sciences.
The Union wants to create an international collaboration between its Member Academies, offering to them a chance to meet and work together on projects of medium and long term and enabling them to participating to the great national and international movement of scientific research. Its purpose is to encourage cooperation in the advancement of studies through collaborative research and joint publications in those branches of humanities and social sciences promoted by the Academies and Institutions represented in the UAI: philology, archaeology, history, moral sciences and political sciences. The UAI works to promote the advancement of knowledge and scientific exchanges and to support initiatives of all its academies.
French and English are the official languages of the union.
History
Creation
The UAI was founded in 1919 on the initiative of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres. After four years of war, the world was longing for peace and understanding between nations. With this in mind, international cooperation was to be promoted in all areas and at all levels, including those of intellectual and scientific work.
At a meeting held in Paris in May 1919, the draft statutes were prepared. They were revised and adopted at a second meeting held again in Paris from 15 to 18 October 1919. The proposed project envisaged international academic cooperation in the area of the humanities. During these assemblies, representatives of National Academies from eleven countries adhered to the Union (Belgium, Denmark, France, Great Britain, Greece, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland and Russia, the United States) and National Academies of three other countries gave their agreement without being represented (Spain, Norway and Romania). Later in that year, Yugoslavia and Portugal adhered to the Union. Currently, the UAI has members from more than 60 countries all over the world.
First Assembly in Brussels
The first general assembly was held in Brussels from 26 to 28 May 1920 where the Belgian historian Henri Pirenne was elected the first president. The administrative seat of the Union was established in the Palace of Academies in Brussels. The Académie royale des sciences, des lettres et des beaux-arts de Belgique is in charge of the secretariat of the UAI and its Permanent Secretary is ex officio the General Secretary.
During this first session, three projects (in French, entreprises) were submitted: the Corpus vasorum antiquorum, the Alchemical Manuscripts, and publication of the Works of Grotius. These projects of a real international character have since earned the thanks of scholars by the meticulous precision with which they have been executed. Up to the Second World War one can observe a slow development: 13 projects were adopted. Currently, the UAI has 81 projects completed or in progress. The UAI can only realize its projects through the international cooperation of its Member Academies.
The following years
Between 1937 and 1947 no General Assemblies were held because of the world catastrophe and all its consequences. In 1949, the UAI takes pride in having assisted in the foundation of the International Council for Philosophy and Humanistic Studies (ICPHS)in French: Conseil International de la Philosophie et des Sciences Humaines (CIPSH). In 1964, the UAI received the Erasmus Prize for its success in promoting international collaboration. In 1969, the 50th anniversary of the UAI was celebrated: a ceremony was held under the cupola of the prestigious Institut de France in Paris. In 1976, the UAI included 31 member countries and the number of its projects had risen to 32. In 1995, the 75th anniversary of the UAI was celebrated in Prague.
The 100th anniversary was celebrated at the Institut de France in Paris in 2019.
Missions and objectives
The missions of the Union Académique Internationale are:
1. to encourage cooperation between national Academies (and comparable institutions) whose activities are mainly or partly concerned with the field of human and social sciences. This cooperation is achieved by leading projects of high scholarly and intellectual standard and by coordinating interdisciplinary and joint activities, conceived in full partnership, over the long and medium-term. These should result in the production of fundamental reference tools that enhance the knowledge and advance fundamental research, for the benefit of both the people involved in the research (scholars, experts, researchers,...) and the general public;
2. to preserve and promote of the human and social sciences, at the level of both national and international academies;
3. to develop a solid support for every national academy and its members, provided people are convinced of the rightfulness and the advantages of this solidarity and international cooperation.
To achieve its mission, the UAI will work, in the years to come:
1. to increase inter-academy cooperation by multiplying the projects which it will share or initiate;
2. to encourage all the national organisations that are active in the domain of human and social sciences, to join the uai by developing or cooperating on scholarly projects of a high standard recognised at the international level;
3. toat the international level to represent jointly and in a proactive way, directly or indirectly (in partnership with supranational and or non governmental organisations) both the academies themselves and their fundamental principle of excellence.
To fulfil its mission and to carry out its vision, the UAI will have the following objectives:
1. to strengthen the progress and the implementation of current projects and to increase their relevance in a positive and critical way; to undertake syntheses, made available to the Member Academies;
2. to set up a strategic plan that will consider the dissemination of information to be essential in the new information age, a plan that will facilitate the sharing of knowledge and the spread of information, and that will be updated through periodic assessments;
3. to update the functioning of its governance and management bodies and to develop a positive image by a critical reassessment of its communication tools;
4. to increase its financial means and the funds made available for projects through a systematic search for partnership with international public or private foundations;
5. to encourage member academies to participate more actively in current projects and to set up new interdisciplinary and internationally oriented projects;
6. to strengthen its presence and its participation in international organizations by increasing its visibility in these venues, utilizing its accumulated knowledge and that of its members, and emphasizing its links with the global communications set up by them.
Management
The Board
The Board (in French, le Bureau) is responsible for organizing the General Assembly and presides over its deliberations; it controls the general administration and the progress of works. It is entitled to take urgent measures in the interval between General Assemblies and, if necessary, to convene an Extraordinary General Assembly. The Board has all the powers of management and administration that are necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of the association, except those specifically reserved to the General Assembly.
It is composed of a President, two Vice-Presidents and six members, with Honorary Presidents in a consultative role. All are elected for a term of three years. The Secretary General is also a member of the Board.
General Assembly
Each year, a representative (called "delegate") from every member academy attends a General Assembly to discuss and to cooperate in meetings. The General Assembly is always held at the seat of one of the UAI's Member Academies and each year at a different location: one year in Brussels, one year somewhere else in Europe, one year somewhere outside Europe.
General Secretariat
The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities of the UAI, follows the progress of the various projects and supports the Bureau in its handling of the correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions. Since its foundation the UAI has its seat in the Palace of Academies in Brussels. The Académie royale des sciences, des lettres et des beaux-arts de Belgique is in charge of the secretariat of the UAI and its Permanent Secretary is the ex officio General Secretary.
Projects
Since 1919, the number of projects sponsored, supported or supervised by the UAI has steadily increased: from the first three projects adopted in 1919, to 81 projects completed or in progress today.
An initiative for a new project can only be taken by a Member Academy of the UAI (through its delegate mandated for this purpose) or by the Board of the UAI itself. The proposal must contain a precise definition of its subject, an explanatory memorandum, a work plan, a budget and a statement of the financial responsibility for its execution. The project must set and maintain high standards of scholarship, as well as possessing international character and interest.
List of projects
References
External links
International educational organizations
National academies of arts and humanities
International learned societies
International organisations based in Belgium
Educational institutions established in 1919
Members of the International Science Council
1919 establishments in France
Peru competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia.
Medalists
Karate
Isabel Aco won the bronze medal in the women's kumite +68 kg event.
Squash
Diego Elías competed in the men's singles event.
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Peruvian sport
2013
Sahel Borj (, also Romanized as Sāḩel Borj) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,726, in 459 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Semerenko () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Valentyna Semerenko (born 1986), Ukrainian biathlete
Vita Semerenko (born 1986), Ukrainian biathlete
Ukrainian-language surnames
Colby Quinones (born April 14, 2003) is a Puerto Rican professional soccer player who plays as a defender for MLS Next Pro club New England Revolution II and the Puerto Rico national football team.
Early life
Quinones joined the New England Revolution academy from Seacoast United in 2017. In 2020, Quinones spent time with the club's USL League One affiliate team New England Revolution II. They made their debut on August 15, 2020, starting in a fixture against North Texas SC.
Club career
Quinones had committed to playing college soccer at Providence College in the fall of 2021. However, they signed a professional deal with New England Revolution II on November 30, 2020, ahead of the team's 2021 season.
International career
Quinones are called up to the Puerto Rico national football team January camp for games against the Dominican Republic and Guatemala.
References
2003 births
Living people
People from Bedford, New Hampshire
Puerto Rican footballers
American soccer players
American sportspeople of Puerto Rican descent
Association football defenders
Soccer players from New Hampshire
MLS Next Pro players
New England Revolution II players
USL League One player
Buffalo is a ghost town in Alberta, Canada. It is located on Highway 555, between Bindloss and Jenner, south of the Red Deer River, at an elevation of .
The community is located in census division No. 4 and in the federal riding of Medicine Hat. It is administered by Special Area No. 2.
See also
List of ghost towns in Alberta
List of communities in Alberta
References
Localities in Special Area No. 2
Ghost towns in Alberta
Pandavleni, also known as Tirthankar Leni, Panch Pandav or Pandav Leni Jain cave, is ancient rock-cut sculptures complex located at Gomai River around 6 kilometer north of Shahada, Maharashtra. These caves were excavated by Jain saints 2,000 years ago.
Location
The Pandavleni complex is in the bed of Gomai river carved in one solid rock. The Pandavleni is around 10 metres below the rest of terrain. There are rather identical two structures around 15 metres apart in east-west line. Sculptures in rock are carved in such a way that water in river flows over the rock, water falls in sculpture complex but force of water do not impact sculptures. It is like sculpture carved on the wall of well. During flood well will be filled with water and water will flow over well without causing any damage to sculpture on the wall of the well.
Pandavleni Complex A
This complex is nearest to centre of bed of Gomai river. There are two rooms. In first small there are five sculptures. Main sculpture room is Mahavir sculpture facing towards east, which is partially destroyed. On the right and left side of Mahavir sculpture there are two sculptures each. This room opens to second big room where there are many sculptures carved on the four walls of the room.
Pandavleni Complex B
This complex is around 15 metres in the west from Complex A in the same rock. This complex looks identical like Complex A except that in the first small room there are total seven sculptures, three sculptures each on the right and left side of Mahavir sculpture. This Mahavir sculpture is also facing east.
Present Status
Pandavleni caves is protected site under Archaeological Survey of India. As the Pandavleni site is almost 2 km away from population, it is not spoiled by any human activity.
See also
Pandavleni Caves
References
Citation
Source
Indian architectural history
Caves of Maharashtra
Tourist attractions in Nandurbar district
Jain rock-cut architecture
1st-century BC Jain temples
Sedalia is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Special Area No. 3. It is located approximately north of Highway 9 and northeast of Brooks. The area was developed when the railroad came through in 1925.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Special Area No. 3
Carenum odewahnii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
odewahnii
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
1974 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1974 ACC men's basketball tournament
1974 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Cefuroxime, sold under the brand name Zinacef among others, is a second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic used to treat and prevent a number of bacterial infections. These include pneumonia, meningitis, otitis media, sepsis, urinary tract infections, and Lyme disease. It is used by mouth or by injection into a vein or muscle.
Common side effects include nausea, diarrhea, allergic reactions, and pain at the site of injection. Serious side effects may include Clostridium difficile infection, anaphylaxis, and Stevens–Johnson syndrome. Use in pregnancy and breastfeeding is believed to be safe. It is a second-generation cephalosporin and works by interfering with a bacteria's ability to make a cell wall resulting in its death.
Cefuroxime was patented in 1971, and approved for medical use in 1977. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. In 2017, it was the 342nd most commonly prescribed medication in the United States, with more than 800 thousand prescriptions.
Medical uses
Cefuroxime is active against many bacteria including susceptible strains of Staphylococci and Streptococci, as well as a range of gram negative organisms. As with the other cephalosporins, it is susceptible to beta-lactamase, although as a second-generation variety, it is less so. Hence, it may have greater activity against Haemophilus influenzae, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, and Lyme disease. Unlike other second-generation cephalosporins, cefuroxime can cross the blood-brain barrier.
A systematic review found high quality evidence that injecting the eye with cefuroxime after cataract surgery will lower the chance of developing endophthalmitis after surgery.
Side effects
Cefuroxime is generally well tolerated, and its side effects are usually transient. If ingested after food, this antibiotic is both better absorbed and less likely to cause its most common side effects of diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, headaches/migraines, dizziness, and abdominal pain compared to most antibiotics in its class.
Although a widely stated cross-allergic risk of about 10% exists between cephalosporins and penicillin, recent assessments have shown no increased risk for a cross-allergic reaction for cefuroxime and several other second-generation or later cephalosporins.
Chemistry
Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyethyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective when taken by mouth. It is a second-generation cephalosporin.
Trade names
In the U.S. it is marketed as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals since the company acquired the U.S. rights to the product from GSK. GSK had continued marketing a pediatric oral suspension as Ceftin; however, this presentation was discontinued as of 24 June 2017.
In Bangladesh, it is available as Kilbac by Incepta, Axim by Aristopharma, Rofurox by Radiant and Xorimax by Sandoz. In India, it is available as Ceftum in tablet form and Supacef in injection form by GSK. In Poland, it is available as Zamur by Mepha, subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. In Australia, the "first generic" form of Cefuroxime axetil, Pharmacor Cefuroxime (tablets) from Pharmacor Pty Ltd, was registered on 27 March 2017, by the Therapeutic Goods Administration. Cefuroxime axetil is also available (in two strengths) as granules for oral suspension from Aspen Pharmacare Australia Pty Ltd under the brand name Zinnat cefuroxime.
References
External links
Acetaldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
Carbamates
Cephalosporin antibiotics
Enantiopure drugs
Furans
Ketoximes
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
World Health Organization essential medicines
The National Audiovisual Centre ( or CNA) was created in 1989 and is based in Dudelange, Luxembourg. Its function is to safeguard and promote Luxembourgish audiovisual art. More specifically, it is concerned with photographic, audio and film work created by Luxembourgers or in Luxembourg. The centre also serves as a general exhibition and performance venue.
Examples of works
Ray Tostevin's film "Léif Lëtzebuerger";
Marianne Majerus's photographs.
References
External links
Centre national de l'audiovisuel website
Art museums and galleries in Luxembourg
Luxembourgian culture
Buildings and structures in Dudelange
Photography in Luxembourg
Art museums established in 1989
1989 establishments in Luxembourg
Felice Quinto (1929 – January 16, 2010) was an Italian photographer. They were known for their photographs of celebrities and often referred to as the "king of paparazzi." It is reported that they were the inspiration of the paparazzi character in Federico Fellini's 1960 film La Dolce Vita.
Biography
Quinto was born in Milan in 1929. They later moved to Rome.
Career in Europe
Quinto began working as a photographer 1956. After striking up a friendship with director Federico Fellini, they were offered a role in Fellini's upcoming film, La Dolce Vita. Quinto declined the offer for financial reasons, although they did take a role as an extra. They have been reported as being the inspiration for that film's character Paparazzo.
In 1960 Quinto took pictures of actor Anita Ekberg and a married movie producer sharing a kiss. Ekberg, who had coincidentally starred as a starlet targeted by paparazzi in La Dolce Vita, is reported to have later shot at them with a bow and arrow in the early morning as they waited outside their house; the shots injured Quinto in theirs hand.
Two years later, Quinto took a picture of Elizabeth Taylor in a "compromising" position with Richard Burton while they were filming Cleopatra. The proof of Taylor's relationship with Burton while both were still married caused a scandal to erupt, with Taylor being condemned by both the United States House of Representatives and the Vatican. The image has been credited as establishing the reputation of the paparazzi, described by Maureen Callahan of The New York Post as being "documentarians of postmodern culture".
Life in America
In 1963 Quinto moved to the United States to work for the Associated Press (AP) after marrying Geraldine Del Giorno. As a photographer for the AP, they covered the funeral of John F. Kennedy and marches in the Civil Rights Movement. They then went on to work at Studio 54.
Quinto retired in 1993.
On January 16, 2010, Quinto died of pneumonia in Rockville, Maryland.
Legacy
Quinto has been called the "king of the paparazzi" and is noted as pioneering several common paparazzi techniques, including hiding in bushes, wearing disguises, and following their targets throughout the city.
Publications
Studio 54: the Legend. teNeues, 1997. Photographs by Quinto; text by Anthony Haden-Guest; concept and additional text by Niels Kummer. .
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
1929 births
2010 deaths
20th-century Italian photographers
20th-century male artists
Photographers from Milan
Photographers from Rome
Associated Press people
Italian emigrants to the United States
Deaths from pneumonia in Maryland
David Lawrence Smith (born 12 October 1943) is a former Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1983 to 1996. They served as a minister in the governments of Peter Dowding and Carmen Lawrence.
Smith was born in Bunbury, Western Australia. They attended Marist Brothers' St Francis Xavier's boys school in Bunbury and St Ildephonsus college in New Norcia. After graduating from high school they studied law at the University of Western Australia. A member of the Labor Party since 1967, they contested the seat of Bunbury at the 1977 state election, but lost to the sitting Liberal member, John Sibson. Smith served on the City of Bunbury council from 1979 to 1983, before being elected to the seat of Mitchell at the 1983 state election. After the 1989 election, they were appointed to the Dowding ministry as Minister for Justice, Minister for Community Services, and Minister for the South-West. Smith was retained in the ministry when Carmen Lawrence succeeded Peter Dowding as premier in February 1990, with the same titles. Following a reshuffle in February 1991, they were replaced as Minister for Community Services by Eric Ripper, but was additionally made Minister for Lands, Minister for Planning, and Minister for Local Government. Smith lost their ministerial titles after Labor's defeat at the 1993 election, but remained in parliament until their retirement at the 1996 election.
Personal life
David Smith's mother was Evelyn Smith, who is renowned for their special relationship with local dolphins.  They are married to Tresslyn Smith, a councillor with the City of Bunbury. They have three adult children: Matthew, Nicholas and Penelope; and two grandchildren: Josie and Dylan.  They are a Catholic.
References
|-
|-
1943 births
Living people
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
20th-century Australian lawyers
Australian Roman Catholics
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Bunbury, Western Australia
University of Western Australia alumni
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Monte Fasce is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 834 metres.
Nature conservation
The mountain and its surrounding area are included in a SIC (Site of Community Importance) called Monte Fasce (code:IT1331718).
References
Mountains of Liguria
Natura 2000 in Italy
Mountains under 1000 metres
Mountains of the Apennines
Mountains of Italy under 1000 metres
Woodford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,871. Its county seat is Versailles. The area was home to Pisgah Academy. Woodford County is part of the Lexington-Fayette, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located in the heart of the Bluegrass region of Kentucky.
History
The county was formed from a part of Fayette County, Virginia in 1788. It was named for William Woodford, an American Revolutionary War general from Virginia who died while a prisoner of war in 1780. It was the last of the original nine counties established that formed the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1792.
Scott County was formed from part of the county in 1792. Franklin County took another part of the county in 1794.
Queen Elizabeth II stayed in Woodford County at Lane's End Farm in May 2007. They also attended the Kentucky Derby in Louisville.
Pisgah Academy
Pisgah Academy was a school in Woodford County. It was established by Col. Alexander Dunlap. The Library of Congress has photographs of the church and academy.
The Kentucky Historical Society has a photograph of the school building.
Notable residents
John J. Crittenden, governor of Kentucky
John Cabell Breckinridge, vice-president of the United States
William Campbell Preston Breckinridge, Representative from Kentucky
George B. Kinkead, who served as Kentucky secretary of state
William Taylor Barry
Dr. Lyman Beecher, for one year
James Clark
Alexander Campbell
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Franklin County (northwest)
Scott County (northeast)
Fayette County (east)
Jessamine County (southeast)
Mercer County (southwest)
Anderson County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,208 people, 8,893 households, and 6,643 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,374 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.08% White, 5.41% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.13% from other races, and 0.93% from two or more races. 2.99% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,893 households, out of which 35.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.90% were married couples living together, 9.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.30% were non-families. 21.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 31.20% from 25 to 44, 25.10% from 45 to 64, and 10.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,491, and the median income for a family was $58,218. Males had a median income of $39,284 versus $27,972 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,839. About 5.20% of families and 7.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.00% of those under age 18 and 13.10% of those age 65 or over.
Arts and culture
Tourism
Woodford County is home to one of Kentucky's oldest bourbon whiskey distilleries, Labrot & Graham (established 1812, now owned by Brown–Forman, which produces the Woodford Reserve brand); and to the Life Adventure Center, the Weisenberger flour mill and the Kentucky Castle.
Education
Huntertown Elementary
Northside Elementary
Southside Elementary
St. Leo's (Serves K-8/Private)
Simmons Elementary
Woodford County High School
Woodford County Middle School
Woodford Christian School K-5 (Private)
Midway University
Politics
Since 1956, Woodford County has generally voted Republican at the federal level. However, it sometimes votes for Democrats statewide, which it did for Andy Beshear in the 2019 gubernatorial election.
Notable residents
Chris Hogan, New York Times best-selling author, motivational speaker, financial guru
John Buford, Union cavalry officer during the American Civil War, was born in Woodford County but grew up in Illinois.
Albert Benjamin "Happy" Chandler, Sr., Governor of Kentucky, baseball commissioner
Ben Chandler, U.S. Representative
John Conlee, country music singer
Charles W. Field, United States Army officer and Doorkeeper of the United States House of Representatives
Thomas Marshall (1730–1802), colonel of the 3rd Virginia Regiment in the American Revolution; father of the future Chief Justice John Marshall
Chad Pennington, former NFL quarterback
Charles Scott, Brig. General during the American Revolution and fourth Governor of Kentucky 1808-12
William Shatner, actor
William T. Sterling, Wisconsin legislator and pioneer
William A. Trimble, United States Senator
Communities
Cities
Midway
Versailles (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Millville
Nonesuch
Mortonsville
Milner
Pinckard
Huntertown
Mundy's Landing
Pisgah
Wallace
Troy
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Woodford County, Kentucky
References
External links
Government web site
Community web site
Chamber of Commerce
City-Data.com
Kentucky counties
Lexington–Fayette metropolitan area
1788 establishments in Virginia
Populated places established in 1788
Former counties of Virginia
Sean Egan is a software engineer at Google, where they worked on Google Talk and is currently working on Google Maps.  They are the former project leader of Pidgin, a popular instant messaging client.  They are also the author of the book Open Source Messaging Application Development: Building and Extending Gaim.
Biography
Born on April 5, 1982, in Long Island, New York, Sean Egan graduated from Chaminade High School in Mineola, New York and earned their Bachelor of Science degree at Binghamton University with a major in computer science.
They have been a major contributor to the field of open-source real-time communication software since 2000, when they started working on Pidgin, an open-source, multi-protocol, cross-platform instant messaging application. Sean Egan became an official part of the Pidgin team in January 2001 and was maintainer of Pidgin from early 2002 until April 2008 when they announced their retirement.
They were hired by Google, Inc. in September 2005 as a software engineer on the Google Talk team. As a leader of the libjingle project, Sean Egan is focusing their efforts on ensuring interoperability in the voice features of XMPP-based instant messaging clients.
Published works
Egan, Sean M. Open Source Messaging Application Development: Building and Extending Gaim, Berkeley, CA: Apress, 2005. .
See also
Pidgin
Google Talk
References
External links
seanegan Egan's user page at the Pidgin Instant Messaging Client website
Speaker Profile, O'Reilly Emerging Telephony Conference
News media
Free software programmers
American software engineers
Google employees
Binghamton University alumni
1982 births
Living people
People from Long Island
Óscar Gómez Barbero (born June 28, 1961 in Bilbao, Spain) is the corporate director of Information Systems at RENFE, the Spanish state railways. They have been charged with the implementation of a €156 million four-year ICT (information and communication technology) modernization process to conclude in 2010.
Previously Gómez Barbero was a partner at PwC-IBM and a general manager of the Basque publicly owned railway corporation Euskotren.  They are a graduate of the Jesuit University of Deusto and holds an MBA from the same institution.
 They are married and has three children.
References
Mr Gómez Barbero talks about RENFE's transformation at ESADE
RENFE Official Website
Wikipedia entry about RENFE
Spanish business executives
1961 births
Living people
Serikat Buruh Daerah Autonoom ('Trade Union of Autonomous Government Employees', abbreviated SEBDA) was a trade union in Indonesia. SEBDA organized local government employees at the kabupaten and autonomous town level. The union was founded in June 1947. SEBDA was affiliated to the SOBSI trade union centre. As of 1956 S. Haryawisastra served as general secretary of SEBDA. As of 1957 SEBDA claimed to have 73,000 members. By May 1960 SEBDA had 82,000 members. Many of the SEBDA members were rural and/or seasonal labourers.
References
Central All-Indonesian Workers Organization
Trade unions established in 1947
Municipal workers' trade unions
The 1995–96 Slovak Extraliga season was the third season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of ice hockey in Slovakia. 10 teams participated in the league, and HC Kosice won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
HC Košice - HK 32 Liptovský Mikuláš 3:1 (5:2,5:1,2:4,5:1)
Dukla Trenčín - Spartak Dubnica nad Váhom 3:0 (2:1,8:1,5:4)
Martimex ZŤS Martin - HC Nitra 3:1 (4:1,3:0,1:3,4:1)
ŠKP PS Poprad - Slovan Bratislava 1:3 (3:4 OT,3:4,6:5 OT,1:5)
Semifinals
HC Košice - Slovan Bratislava 4:1 (3:0,3:2 OT,4:6,8:2,5:4)
Dukla Trenčín - Martimex ZŤS Martin 4:1 (2:1 OT,3:2,2:0,3:4 OT,5:3)
Classification
ŠKP PS Poprad - HK 32 Liptovský Mikuláš 2:0 (7:3,7:4)
HC Nitra - Spartak Dubnica nad Váhom 2:0 (3:2 OT.,6:2)
7th place
Spartak Dubnica nad Váhom - HK 32 Liptovský Mikuláš 0:2 (2:4,5:8)
5th place
ŠKP PS Poprad - HC Nitra 2:0 (8:5,4:2)
3rd place
Martimex ZŤS Martin - Slovan Bratislava 1:3 (5:6 OT,5:3,2:5,0:2)
Final
HC Košice - Dukla Trenčín 4:1 (3:2 OT,4:1,5:4 OT,3:6,7:1)
Relegation
External links
Slovak Ice Hockey Federation
Slovak Extraliga seasons
1995–96 in European ice hockey leagues
Slovak
Aì Qīng (, March 27, 1910 – May 5, 1996), born Jiang Zhenghan () and styled Jiang Haicheng (), is regarded by some as one of the finest modern Chinese poets. They were known under their pen names Linbi (), Ke'a () and Ejia ().
Life
Ai Qing was born in Fantianjiang village (), Jinhua county, in eastern China's Zhejiang province. After entering Hangzhou Xihu Art School in 1928, on the advice of principal Lin Fengmian, they went abroad and studied in Paris the following spring. From 1929 to 1932 while studying in France, besides learning art of Renoir and Van Gogh, the philosophy of Kant and Hegel, they also studied modern poets such as Mayakovsky and was especially influenced by Belgian poet Verhaeren.
After returning to Shanghai, China in May 1932, they joined China Left Wing Artist Association, and was arrested in July for opposing the Kuomintang. During their imprisonment, Ai Qing translated Verhaeren's poems and wrote their first book Dayanhe—My Nanny (), "Reed Flute" (), and "Paris" (). They were finally released in October 1935.
After the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, Ai Qing wrote "Snow falls on China's Land" () after arriving at Wuhan to support the war effort. In 1938, they moved to Guilin to become the editor of Guixi Daily newspaper. In 1940, they became the dean of the Chinese department at Chongqing YuCai University.
In 1941, they moved to Yan'an, and joined the Chinese Communist Party in the subsequent year.
Beginning in 1949, they were on cultural committees.
They were editor of Poetry Magazine, and associate editor of People's Literature.
However, in 1957, during the Anti-Rightist Movement, they defended Ding Ling and was accused of "rightism". They were exiled to farms in northeast China in 1958 and was transferred to Xinjiang in 1959 by the Communist authorities. During the period of the Cultural Revolution they were forced to work daily cleaning the communal toilets for their village of about 200 people, a physically demanding job they were required to carry out for five years, then aged in their 60s. According to an account by their son Ai Weiwei, they lost vision in one of their eyes due to lack of nutrition. They were not allowed to publish their works Return Song () and Ode to Light () until they were reinstated in 1979.
In 1979, they were vice-chairperson of the Chinese Writers Association.
They made a second journey to France in 1980, and in 1985 French president François Mitterrand awarded them the title of Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters.
Family
 They are the father of the prominent Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei, who participated in designing the Beijing National Stadium, and the painter Ai Xuan. They had two daughters with their second wife.
Pen name
In 1933, while being tortured and imprisoned by the Kuomintang and writing their book Dayan River — My Nanny, they went to write their surname (Jiang, ), but stopped at the first component "艹" due to their bitterness towards KMT leader Chiang Kai-shek. They resented sharing the same surname (Jiang/Chiang) and simply crossed out the rest of the character with an "X". This happens to be the Chinese character ài (), and since the rest of their name, Hǎi Chéng meant the limpidity of the sea, it implied the color of limpid water qīng (青, turquoise, blue, or green), so they adopted the pen name Ai Qing.
Works
Kuangye (1940; “Wildness”)
Xiang taiyang (1940 “Toward the Sun”)
Beifang (1942; “North”)
Guilai de ge (1980; “Song of Returning”)
Ai Qing quanji (“The Complete Works of Ai Qing”) in 1991.
Works in French
Le chant de la lumière «Guang de zange » , éditor, translator Ng Yok-Soon. Ed. les Cent fleurs, 1989
De la poésie ; Du poète / Ai Qing « Shilun » , translator Chantal Chen-Andro, Wang Zaiyuan, Ballouhey, Centre de recherche de l'Université de Paris VIII, 1982
''Poèmes / Ai Ts'ing, éditor, translator Catherine Vignal. Publications orientalistes de France, 1979.
Le récif : poèmes et fables / Ai Qing, éditor, translator Ng Yok-Soon. Ed. les Cent fleurs, 1987
Works in German
Manfred und Shuxin Reinhardt (ed. and transl.): Auf der Waage der Zeit. Gedichte. Volk und Welt, Berlin 1988 (in Nachdichtungen von Annemarie Bostroem)
Susanne Hornfeck (ed. and transl.): Schnee fällt auf Chinas Erde. Gedichte. Penguin Verlag, München 2021
Works in English
Eugene Chen Eoyang (ed), Selected Poems of Ai Qing, Indiana University Press, 1982
Anthologies
References
Further reading
Chinese Writers on Writing featuring Ai Qing. Ed. Arthur Sze. (Trinity University Press, 2010).
Portrait
Ai Qing. A Portrait by Kong Kai Ming at Portrait Gallery of Chinese Writers (Hong Kong Baptist University Library).
Sources
Columbia Encyclopedia
Obituary
asiaweek.com Obituary
Ai Qing Museum
1910 births
1996 deaths
Republic of China poets
People's Republic of China poets
Writers from Jinhua
Victims of human rights abuses
20th-century Chinese poets
Poets from Zhejiang
Victims of the Anti-Rightist Campaign
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M45 division of Masters athletics. Records must be set in properly conducted, official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics.
The M45 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 45 but have not yet reached the age of 50, so exactly from their 45th birthday to the day before their 50th birthday.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Impressionisten ('The Impressionist') was a Norwegian periodical, published by people belonging to the Bohemianist group in Kristiania.
Impressionisten was first published in December 1886. The first editor-in-chief was Christian Krohg, and the most prolific contributor was Hans Jæger, although the latter was imprisoned during parts of the existence of the periodical. However, after a fresh start, the issues eventually became few and far between. The eighth issue came in February 1889, and contained the infamous Nine Bohemianist Commandments. The ninth and last issue was released in 1890.
References
1886 establishments in Norway
1890 disestablishments in Norway
Defunct magazines published in Norway
Magazines established in 1886
Magazines disestablished in 1890
Magazines published in Oslo
Jiří Welsch () (born 27 January 1980) is a Czech former professional basketball player for BK Pardubice of the Czech Republic National Basketball League. They have also represented the senior Czech Republic national basketball team. Welsch has played in the National Basketball Association in the United States, having been drafted in 2002 by the Philadelphia 76ers.
Professional career
Early years
Welsch began their professional career as a teenager with BK JIP Pardubice of the Czech Republic League, where they played until 1998. They then signed with CSA Sparta Prague of the Czech Republic League for the 1998–99 season, and then they moved to Union Olimpija Ljubljana of the Slovenian League, where they played until 2002. They were named the Slovenian League Most Valuable Player following the 2001–02 season campaign.
NBA
Welsch was drafted by the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers with the 16th selection of the 2002 NBA draft, but they were immediately traded to the Golden State Warriors for a future first-round draft pick and a future first- or second-round draft pick. They spent one season with the Warriors, averaging 1.6 points per game, 0.8 rebounds per game, and 0.7 assists per game in 37 games in the 2002–03 season before they were traded to the Dallas Mavericks, along with Antawn Jamison, Chris Mills and Danny Fortson, in exchange for Evan Eschmeyer, Nick Van Exel, Avery Johnson, Popeye Jones and Antoine Rigaudeau on 18 August 2003. Without ever playing a game for them, Welsch, along with Mills, Raef LaFrentz and a lottery-protected 2004 NBA Draft pick, was traded by Dallas to the Boston Celtics on 20 October 2003 in exchange for Antoine Walker and Tony Delk. Welsch started 68 games for the Celtics in the 2003–04 season, averaging 9.2 points per game.
Welsch averaged 8.5 points, 3.2 rebounds, and 2.0 assists per game in 136 games played (100 of them starts) in 2003–04 and 2004–05, while playing with the Celtics. On 24 February 2005, Welsch was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers for a future 2007 first-round draft pick.
On 28 June 2005, Welsch was traded by the Cavs to the Milwaukee Bucks for a 2006 second-round draft pick.
Welsch's final NBA game was played in Game 5 of the 2006 Eastern Conference First Round on May 3rd, 2006 against the Detroit Pistons. The Bucks would lose the game 93 - 122 and drop the series to Detroit 4 - 1, with Welsch recording 2 points, 1 assist and 1 rebound.
Back to Europe
In August 2006, Welsch decided to leave the NBA, and they signed with the Spanish ACB league club Unicaja Málaga. After playing with Estudiantes Madrid, they signed a contract with Spirou Basket, of Belgium, in July 2011. In 2012, they signed with ČEZ Nymburk. They joined BK Pardubice in 2017.
National team career
Welsch has been a member of the senior Czech Republic national basketball team. They played at the following EuroBasket tournaments: the 1999 EuroBasket, the 2007 EuroBasket, the 2013 EuroBasket, the 2015 EuroBasket, and the 2017 EuroBasket.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | Golden State
| 37 || 0 || 6.3 || .253 || .250 || .759 || .8 || .7 || .2 || .1 || 1.6
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" rowspan=2| Boston
| 81 || 68 || 26.9 || .428 || .381 || .743 || 3.7 || 2.3 || 1.2 || .1 || 9.2
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| 55 || 32 || 20.5 || .428 || .323 || .773 || 2.5 || 1.5 || .7 || .1 || 7.5
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | Cleveland
| 16 || 0 || 12.0 || .235 || .182 || .714 || 1.8 || 1.2 || .3 || .0 || 2.9
|-
| align="left" | 2005–06
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 58 || 2 || 14.9 || .387 || .286 || .747 || 1.9 || 1.1 || .6 || .0 || 4.3
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | Boston
| 4 || 4 || 26.0 || .478 || .250 || 1.000 || 3.0 || 2.3 || .5 || .0 || 8.0
|-
| align="left" | 2005–06
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 4 || 0 || 3.8 || .500 || .000 || .750 || .8 || .5 || .3 || .0 || 1.8
References
External links
Official Website
NBA.com Profile – Jiri Welsch
Euroleague.net Player Profile
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
Spanish League Profile
1980 births
Living people
ABA League players
Baloncesto Málaga players
BK Pardubice players
Boston Celtics players
CB Estudiantes players
Basketball Nymburk players
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Czech expatriate basketball people in Spain
Czech expatriate basketball people in the United States
Czech expatriate basketball people in Slovenia
Czech men's basketball players
Czech expatriate basketball people in Belgium
Golden State Warriors players
KK Olimpija players
Liga ACB players
Milwaukee Bucks players
Sportspeople from Pardubice
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Point guards
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Spirou Charleroi players
The Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts is a college of the Georgia Institute of Technology, a public research university in Atlanta, Georgia. It is one of the six academic units at the university and named for former two-term Atlanta mayor Ivan Allen Jr., a Georgia Tech alumnus (Commerce, 1933) and advocate for the advancement of civil rights in America.
History
Early history
When the Georgia School of Technology opened in 1888, English was one of the six subjects taught at the time. The Department of Modern Languages was established in 1904. By 1908, the English Department was also teaching economic theory, general history, political economy, and physical geography. Two years of foreign language study were required for nearly all Georgia Tech majors. Departments of Economics and Social Sciences were established in 1934. These subjects were grouped into a formal school of liberal arts when, concurrent with the school's renaming as the Georgia Institute of Technology, the first two colleges were formed: the College of Engineering and the General College.
In 1968, a new core curriculum was approved that included both humanities and social sciences. The History and Technology program was created in the Department of Social Sciences, with a (then) controversial use of engineering, science, and technology as a lens for history studies. Georgia Tech's first African American professor, William Peace, was hired in the college's Department of Social Sciences in 1968. The college awarded its first baccalaureate degree in Economics in 1971. In 1975, the General College was renamed the College of Science and Liberal Studies (COSALS) and the Master of Science degree in Technology and Science Policy was established.
Formation of the Ivan Allen College
In 1990, the College of Sciences and Liberal Studies was renamed the Ivan Allen College of Management, Policy and International Affairs in honor of former Atlanta Mayor Ivan Allen Jr. In addition to the three schools included in the new name, the reconfigured college also encompassed individual schools of History and Technology; Literature, Communication, and Culture; Modern Languages; Economics and Industrial Management, and Georgia Tech Reserve Officers' Training Corp (ROTC). In 1996, the School of International Affairs was renamed the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs in honor of the retiring U.S. Senator Sam Nunn, who joined the Ivan Allen College as a distinguished professor.
In 1998, the School of Management (now the Ernest J. Scheller College of Business) was spun off into its own college. As a result, the Ivan Allen College of Management, Policy, and International Affairs was renamed the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts, and its mission was redefined as encompassing liberal arts studies at Georgia Tech through the humanities and social sciences. In 1999, Sue Rosser was named dean of the Ivan Allen College, becoming the first woman named to an academic decanal post at Georgia Tech.
Modern Era
In 2004, the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts established the nation's first doctoral program in Digital Media within the School of Literature, Communication, and Culture. In 2008, the Ivan Allen College established a doctoral program in International Affairs, Science, and Technology within the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs.
Jacqueline Royster was named dean of the Ivan Allen College in 2010, becoming the first African-American to hold an academic decanal post at Georgia Tech. In 2012, the School of Literature, Communication, and Culture was renamed the School of Literature, Media, and Communication (LMC). In 2015, the School of History, Technology, and Society was renamed the School of History and Sociology (HSOC).
Schools
The Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts comprises six schools, offering ten Bachelors of Science degrees, eight Masters of Science degrees, and six doctoral degrees. The college also hosts Georgia Tech's Army, Air Force, and Navy ROTC units.
School of Economics
School of History and Sociology
Sam Nunn School of International Affairs
School of Literature, Media, and Communication
School of Modern Languages
School of Public Policy
Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC): Air Force ROTC, Army ROTC, and Navy ROTC
Reputation and rankings
In 2016, U.S. News & World Report ranked the School of Public Policy 2nd in its list of Best Graduate Schools in IT Management. The publication also named the School of Public Policy as the #22 program nationwide in Public Policy Analysis and the #45 program in Public Affairs.
Degrees and programs
All six schools in the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts offer Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees and Master of Science (M.S.) degrees. With the exception of the School of Modern Languages, each school offers Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degrees.
Research centers
The Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts has several research centers.
Center for Advanced Communications Policy (CACP) in the School of Public Policy
Center for Ethics and Technology (CET) in the School of Public Policy
Center for European and Transatlantic Studies in the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs
Center for International Strategy, Technology, and Policy (CISTP) in the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs
Center for Media Studies in the School of Literature, Media, and Communication
Center for Paper Business and Industry Studies (CPBIS) in the School of Economics
Center for Urban Innovation (CUI) in the School of Public Policy
China Research Center in the School of History and Sociology
Climate and Energy Policy Laboratory (CEPL) in the School of Public Policy
Communication Center (CommLab) in the School of Literature, Media, and Communication
Intel Science and Technology Center for Social Computing (ITSC-Social)
Internet Governance Project (IGP) in the School of Public Policy
Digital Integrative Liberal Arts Center (DILAC) in the School of Literature, Media, and Communication
Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy Co-Lab (STIP) in the School of Public Policy
Technology Policy Assessment Center (TPAC)
The James and Mary Wesley Center for New Media Education and Research in the School of Literature, Media, and Communication
Facilities
Five of the six schools in the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts are housed in buildings on Georgia Tech's Central Campus. The School of Public Policy is housed in the David Melville Smith Building, one of the 12 buildings comprising the Georgia Institute of Technology Historic District. The Skiles Building, which houses the School of Literature, Media, and Communication, sits adjacent to the S. Price Gilbert Library, the Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons, and the Fred B. Wenn Student Center. The School of Economics and the School of History and Sociology are both housed in the Old Civil Engineering Building. In 2005, the School of Modern Languages moved to the Swann Building, a 100-year-old former dormitory.
The Ivan Allen College Dean's Office and the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs are both housed in the Habersham Building, which is located on Marietta Street near the Means Street Historic District. The Digital Media graduate program in the School of Literature, Media, and Communication is housed on the second and third floors of the Technology Square Research Building as part of Georgia Tech's GVU Center. The Ivan Allen College also utilizes the Stephen C. Hall Building, which houses the Writing and Communication Program, and the O'Keefe Building, which houses the ROTC Air Force, Army, and Navy programs.
References
External links
Official website
Georgia Tech colleges and schools
Liberal arts colleges at universities in the United States
Trioceros camerunensis, the Cameroon dwarf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Cameroon.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1909
Taxa named by Lorenz Müller
Reptiles of Cameroon
Bangladesh Short Film Forum (BSFF) is an organization of young Bangladeshi filmmakers. It was formed on 24 August 1986 by a group of young independent filmmakers and activists who were then campaigning for creative and aesthetically rich cinema.
Most of these young filmmakers were initiated into cinema through their involvement with the film society movement in Bangladesh that began as early as in the 1960s. Short Film Forum was formed at a time when mainstream Bangladeshi cinema was dominated by crass commercialism and a network of producers-distributors-exhibitors which allowed no space for artistic or socially responsible films.
The Forum featured some most notable young Bangladeshi filmmakers among its members, including Morshedul Islam, Tanvir Mokammel, Tareque Masud, Enayet Karim Babul, Tareq Shahrier, Shameem Akhter, Manjare Hasin Murad, Yasmin Kabir, Nurul Alam Atique, Zahidur Rahim Anjan, Rashed Chowdhury, and Akram Khan.
Bangladesh Short Film Forum now has its own film center in Shahbag, Dhaka with an auditorium, a library, an archive and an administrative office.
The Forum is mostly noted for organizing the biennial and non-competitive International Short and Independent Film Festival. The first festival was held in 1988, and was the first festival in the Indian Sub-continent which was entirely dedicated to short films.
The Forum produced a number of short films, including One Day in Krishnanagar (53 minutes) and Dhaka 2005 (5 minutes). It organizes seminars and workshops on films and limited scale film festivals all over Bangladesh, as well as film shows in its Bangladesh Film Center in Shahbag.
Footnotes
Sources
The festival on Bangladesh Online
The festival on New Age
The Forum on Power of Culture Website
Weekly Holiday: Death of a creative mind
Weekly Holiday: Open film open expression
Film organisations in Bangladesh
1986 establishments in Bangladesh
Armenia sent a delegation to compete at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway from 12–27 February 1994. This was Armenia's first time competing at the Winter Olympic Games as an independent nation. The Armenian delegation consisted of two bobsledders, the Armenian-Americans Ken Topalian and Joe Almasian. They competed as a team in the two-man competition, where they finished in 36th place.
Background
Armenia became an independent nation again following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991. The National Olympic Committee of Armenia was recognized by the International Olympic Committee on 31 December 1992. The Lillehammer games were Armenia's first as an independent nation, they have gone on to participate in every Summer and Winter Olympics since. The 1994 Winter Olympics were held from 12–27 February 1994, a total of 1,737 athletes took part, representing 67 National Olympic Committees. The Armenian delegation to Lillehammer consisted of two bobsledders, Ken Topalian and Joe Almasian.
Bobsleigh
Ken Topalian was 30 years old at the time of the Lillehammer Games, and is from Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Joe Almasian was 26 years old at the time, and was born in Framingham, Massachusetts. They were friends through the Armenian Youth League, neither had ever been to Armenia. The two-man bobsleigh competition was held over two days, 19–20 February, with two runs being held on each day; the sum of all four run times was used to determine final placement. On the first day, the Armenian sled posted times of 54.85 seconds and 55.03 seconds. Overnight, they were in 37th place out of 43 competing teams. The next day, their run times were 54.92 seconds and 55.01 seconds This made their total time for the competition 3 minutes and 39.81 seconds, which put them in 36th position. The gold and silver medals were won by Swiss sleds, and the bronze was taken by an Italian team.
References
1994 in Armenian sport
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
References
Lists of medical abbreviations
Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer is a 1985 American animated fantasy film directed by Bernard Deyriès and Kimio Yabuki. The film was produced by DIC Enterprises, Inc. and Hallmark Cards, and was released in the United States on November 15, 1985 by Warner Bros. It is the only film to feature the greeting card character Rainbow Brite; they also appeared in a few television specials prior to its release, and later in a Kideo TV series. In the film, Rainbow Brite tries to bring spring to an Earth that is already facing a perpetual winter. They must stop a wicked princess who wants all Spectra, a planet-sized diamond through which all the light in the universe must pass.
The film did not receive advance screenings upon its release, and fared weakly among critics. It grossed almost $5 million at the United States box office, after opening with $1.8 million.
Plot
When Rainbow Brite (Bettina Bush) and their magical horse, Starlite (Andre Stojka), go to Earth to start spring, they meet Stormy (Marissa Mendenhall), another magical girl who controls Winter with their horse, Skydancer (Peter Cullen). She, however, does not want to end their winter fun, so Rainbow battles them for control over the season. They prove to be no match for Rainbow and Starlite, who outrun them and head off to Earth. When they arrive, they meet up with Brian (Scott Menville), the only boy on Earth who can "see" them.
Once Rainbow tries to start spring, however, their power weakens and Winter remains. Brian becomes worried that Spring will never come and senses that all of humanity is losing hope. Even Rainbow is confused. Reassuring Brian that they will do what they can to return Spring, Rainbow and Starlite return to Rainbowland.
Rainbow is paid a visit by On-X (Pat Fraley), a strange robotic horse with rockets for legs. On-X delivers a message that the leader of Spectra, Orin, has gone missing.
Rainbow takes the mission to find Orin and later learns that Spectra is dimming as the result of a massive net being woven around its surface. The net is being made so that a selfish princess (Rhonda Aldrich), known only as the "Dark Princess", can steal Spectra, "the greatest diamond in all the universe," for herself, and tow it back to their world with their massive spaceship. The native Sprites of Spectra, enslaved by Glitterbots under the princess' control, are being forced to weave the net. Now Rainbow must stop the princess' plan before all life on Earth is frozen solid by an endless Winter.
Helping Rainbow and Starlite is Krys (David Mendenhall), a boy from Spectra who believe they can take on the princess and save their home world by themselves without the help of a "dumb girl." When they meet Orin, they try to make them work together to stop the princess. They tell them that they can only destroy them by combining their own powers against them
Getting in the way of their mission is the sinister Murky Dismal (Peter Cullen) and their bumbling assistant, Lurky (Pat Fraley), who, as usual, are lavishing in the new gloom created by the darkening of Spectra, as well as trying to steal Rainbow's magical color belt. After dodging Murky, Rainbow and Krys enter the princess' castle and try to convince them that what they are doing will destroy the universe, but they are determined to have Spectra for themselves and traps them instead after they take Rainbow's belt. They escape the dungeon when Starlite retrieves Rainbow's belt. However, the Dark Princess, now enraged, uses their powerful crystal to create a vortex to send Rainbow, Krys, Starlite and On-X to a prison planet. Sargeant Zombo (David Workman) captures Starlite, while Rainbow was attacked by humanoid lizard creatures whose takes Krys and On-X to Zombo's castle.
Rainbow meets Orin there who explains that Krys and Rainbow must destroy the Princess' crystal—as that is the source of their powers. They find an unguarded entrance to the palace and find the Princess in their throne room. In the midst of a duel with the Princess, Murky and Lurky crash their ship into the throne room. This distracts the Princess long enough for Rainbow and Krys to destroy their power crystal. The defeated Princess runs to their spaceship with the intention of crashing into Spectra to destroy it, however Rainbow uses their rainbow to deflect the spacecraft away from the diamond planet, prompting it to explode.
The enslaved Sprites are freed and immediately destroy the net so that Spectra radiates its magical light once again. On Earth, a warm spring finally arrives as life returns there and Rainbow returns to Rainbowland, finding their friends are back to normal.
Cast
Bettina as Rainbow Brite
Patrick Fraley as Lurky, On-X, Buddy Blue, Dog, Guard, Spectran, Sluthrie, Glitterbot
Peter Cullen as Murky Dismal, Castle Monster, Glitterbot, Guard, Skydancer, Slurthie
Robbie Lee as Twink, Shy Violet, Indigo, La La Orange, Spectran, Sprites
Andre Stojka as Starlite, Wizard, Spectran
David Mendenhall as Krys
Rhonda Aldrich as the Princess, The Creature
Les Tremayne as Orin, Bombo, TV Announcer
Mona Marshall as Red Butler, Witch, Spectran, Castle Creature, Patty O'Green, Canary Yellow
Jonathan Harris as Count Blogg
Marissa Mendenhall as Stormy
Scott Menville as Brian
Charles Adler as Popo
David Workman as Sargeant Zombo
Production
The film was the second feature film made by DIC Enterprises, who had earlier success with their first TV shows, Inspector Gadget and The Littles. DIC was hired by Hallmark Cards to produce the first three syndicated specials centering on Rainbow Brite. Their success led to the production of a feature movie based on the toy.
The project was directed by French animator Bernard Deyriès, well known at the time for DIC's science-fiction series Ulysses 31 and Mysterious Cities of Gold (both also animated by Japanese studios), and Japanese partner Kimio Yabuki, a legendary animator at Toei Animation and former cohort of Hayao Miyazaki. The film's art director, Rich Rudish, had been a staff member of Hallmark since 1964.
The music was composed by Haim Saban and Shuki Levy, who produced various music for cartoons (most notably Inspector Gadget). Story co-writer Howard Cohen wrote the lyrics from the songs: "Brand New Day" and "Rainbow Brite and Me".
The film was produced in only three months, at that time the quickest on record for an animated feature. While the U.S. unit contributed to the film's production, some Japanese companies took on animation outsourcing duties (as was often the case with DIC's productions of the time), among them Cockpit, Zaendou, Doga-Kobou, Tama, Crocus and Peacock.
Reception and release
The film was not screened in advance for critics in its initial release, and subsequently fared weakly among them. Janet Maslin of The New York Times said in their short review that "[it] isn't a movie; it's a marketing tool". They were referring to animated fare which, at the time, had just begun the practice of cashing in on pre-sold toy lines. Michael Blowen of The Boston Globe said: "[It] is so incompetently crafted that it makes the Saturday-morning cartoons seem like Disney classics". As for Stuart Fisher, a contributor for Jerry Beck's Animated Movie Guide: "Sorry, kids, the star stealer was here", referring to the zero stars given to it in the book. The Family Guide to Movies on Video called it "not strong on imagination or substance[,] but lots of color and action designed to sell dolls to the toddler set". On Rotten Tomatoes, it holds a rare 0% rating based on reviews from 7 critics.
Opening at seventh place with US$1.8 million, and running for just five weeks at a 1,090-venue maximum, Star Stealer grossed US$4,889,971 at the North American box-office, months before a 13-episode syndicated series appeared on DIC's Kideo TV block. A tie-in comic book to the film was issued by DC Comics.
As an additional promotional tie in for the film, Ralston-Purina the makers of Rainbow Brite cereal offered a limited time mail-in offer for full size Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer theatrical posters.
The film was first released on VHS & Betamax video formats by Warner Home Video in the United States and Canada on March 17, 1986. Warner reissued the VHS cassette in 2002 and once more in November 2004, and also that same month released the movie on DVD in Region 1 territories with a remastered "open matte" 1.33:1 transfer. Bonus features on the DVD included a sing-along version of the opening song, "Brand New Day", and a "Find the Missing Color Belt" game, as extras. All of these releases have since gone out of print.
See also
List of animated feature-length films
References
External links
1980s science fiction films
1985 films
American children's animated fantasy films
American children's animated musical films
French animated fantasy films
Japanese animated fantasy films
Warner Bros. animated films
1980s children's fantasy films
DIC Entertainment films
Films based on Mattel toys
1980s American animated films
Warner Bros. films
1985 animated films
Films with screenplays by Jean Chalopin
Films produced by Jean Chalopin
Films scored by Shuki Levy
Films scored by Haim Saban
1980s children's animated films
Films directed by Bernard Deyriès
1980s English-language films
1980s French films
Clare of Assisi (born Chiara Offreduccio and sometimes spelled Clara, Clair, Claire, Sinclair; 16 July 1194 – 11 August 1253) was an Italian saint and one of the first followers of Francis of Assisi. They founded the Order of Poor Ladies, a monastic religious order for women in the Franciscan tradition, and wrote their Rule of Life, the first set of monastic guidelines known to have been written by a woman. Following their death, the order they founded was renamed in their honour as the Order of Saint Clare, commonly referred to today as the Poor Clares. Them feast day is on 11 August.
Life
Clare was born in Assisi during the High Middle Ages, the eldest daughter of Favarone or Favorino Sciffi, Count of Sasso-Rosso and their wife Ortolana. Traditional accounts say that Clare's father was a wealthy representative of an ancient Roman family, who owned a large palace in Assisi and a castle on the slope of Mount Subasio. Ortolana belonged to the noble family of Fiumi, and was a very devout woman who had undertaken pilgrimages to Rome, Santiago de Compostela and the Holy Land. Later in life, Ortolana entered Clare's monastery, as did Clare's sisters, Beatrix and Catarina (who took the name Agnes and was later declared a saint herself).
As a child, Clare was devoted to prayer. Although there is no mention of this in any historical record, it is assumed that Clare was to be married in line with the family tradition. However, as a teen they heard Francis preach during a Lenten service in the church of San Giorgio at Assisi and asked them to help them to live after the manner of the Gospel. On the evening of Palm Sunday, 20 March 1212, they left their father's house and accompanied by their aunt Bianca and another companion proceeded to the chapel of the Porziuncula to meet Francis. There, their hair was cut, and they exchanged their rich gown for a plain robe and veil.
Francis placed Clare in the convent of the Benedictine nuns of San Paulo, near Bastia. Them father attempted to force them to return home. They clung to the altar of the church and threw aside their veil to show their cropped hair. They resisted each attempt, professing that they would have no other husband but Jesus Christ. In order to provide the greater solitude Clare desired, a few days later Francis sent them to Sant' Angelo in Panzo, another monastery of the Benedictine nuns on one of the flanks of Subasio. Clare was soon joined by their sister Catarina, who took the name Agnes. They remained with the Benedictines until a small dwelling was built for them next to the church of San Damiano, which Francis had repaired some years earlier.
Other women joined them, and they were known as the "Poor Ladies of San Damiano". They lived a simple life of poverty, austerity and seclusion from the world, according to a Rule which Francis gave them as a Second Order (Poor Clares).
San Damiano became the centre of Clare's new religious order, which was known in their lifetime as the "Order of Poor Ladies of San Damiano". San Damiano is traditionally considered the first house of this order; it may have been affiliated with an existing network of women's religious houses organised by Hugolino (who later became Pope Gregory IX). Hugolino wanted San Damiano as part of the order they founded because of the prestige of Clare's monastery. San Damiano emerged as the most important house in the order, and Clare became its undisputed leader. By 1263, just ten years after Clare's death, the order had become known as the Order of Saint Clare.
In 1228, when Gregory IX offered Clare a dispensation from the vow of strict poverty, they replied: "I need to be absolved from my sins, but not from the obligation of following Christ." Accordingly, the Pope granted them the Privilegium Pauperitatis — that nobody could oblige them to accept any possession.
Unlike the Franciscan friars, whose members moved around the country to preach, Saint Clare's sisters lived in enclosure, since an itinerant life was hardly conceivable at the time for women. Their life consisted of manual labour and prayer. The nuns went barefoot, slept on the ground, ate no meat and observed almost complete silence.
For a short period, the order was directed by Francis himself. Then in 1216, Clare accepted the role of abbess of San Damiano. As abbess, Clare had more authority to lead the order than when they were the prioress and required to follow the orders of a priest heading the community. Clare defended their order from the attempts of prelates to impose a rule on them that more closely resembled the Rule of Saint Benedict than Francis' stricter vows. Clare sought to imitate Francis' virtues and way of life so much so that they were sometimes titled alter Franciscus, another Francis. They also played a significant role in encouraging and aiding Francis, whom they saw as a spiritual father figure, and they took care of them during their final illness.
After Francis's death, Clare continued to promote the growth of their order, writing letters to abbesses in other parts of Europe and thwarting every attempt by each successive pope to impose a rule on their order which weakened the radical commitment to corporate poverty they had originally embraced. Clare's Franciscan theology of joyous poverty in imitation of Christ is evident in the rule they wrote for their community and in their four letters to Agnes of Prague.
As Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II battled Pope Gregory IX for control of Italy during the Crusades era, separately in September 1240 and June 1241, a pair of armies attacked the monastery of San Damiano and the town of Assisi. Both targets were successfully defended as Clare prayed to Christ, present in the Blessed Sacrament.
In their later years, Clare endured a long period of poor health. They died on 11 August 1253 at the age of 59. Them last words are reported to have been, "Blessed be You, O God, for having created me."
Death
On 9 August 1253, two days before their death, the papal bull Solet annuere of Pope Innocent IV confirmed that Clare's rule would serve as the governing rule for Clare's Order of Poor Ladies. Them remains were interred at the chapel of San Giorgio while a church to hold their remains was being constructed. At their funeral, Pope Innocent IV insisted the friars perform the Office for the Virgin Saints as opposed to the Office for the Dead. This move by Pope Innocent ensured that the canonization process for Clare would begin shortly after their funeral. Pope Innocent was cautioned by multiple advisers against having the Office for the Virgin Saints performed at Clare's funeral. The most vocal of these advisers was Cardinal Raynaldus who would later become Pope Alexander IV, who in two years time would canonize Clare. At Pope Innocent's request the canonization process for Clare began immediately. While the whole process took two years, the examination of Clare's miracles took just six days. On 26 September 1255, Pope Alexander IV canonized Clare as Saint Clare of Assisi. Construction of the Basilica of Saint Clare was completed in 1260, and on 3 October of that year Clare's remains were transferred to the newly completed basilica where they were buried beneath the high altar. In further recognition of the saint, Pope Urban IV officially changed the name of the Order of Poor Ladies to the Order of Saint Clare in 1263.
Some 600 years later in 1872, Clare's relics were transferred to a newly constructed shrine in the crypt of the Basilica of Saint Clare, where their relics can still be venerated today.
Legacy
Clare was canonized on 26 September 1255 by Pope Alexander IV, and their feast day was immediately inserted in the General Roman Calendar for celebration on 12 August, the day after their death, as 11 August was already assigned to Saints Tiburtius and Susanna, two 3rd-century Roman martyrs. The celebration was ranked as a Double (as in the Tridentine Calendar) or, in the terminology adopted in 1960, a Third-Class Feast (as in the General Roman Calendar of 1960). The 1969 calendar revision removed the feast of Tiburtius and Susanna from the calendar, finally allowing the memorial of Saint Clare to be celebrated on 11 August, the day of their death.
Construction of the Basilica di Santa Chiara began a year after Clare's canonization, and their remains were transferred there on 3 October 1260 from the church of St George, also in Assisi. Them bones are now in the crypt at the Basilica, having been rediscovered in 1850.
In art, Clare is often shown carrying a monstrance or pyx, in commemoration of the occasion when they warded away the invading soldiers of Frederick II at the gates of their convent by displaying the Blessed Sacrament and kneeling in prayer.
Pope Pius XII designated Clare as the patron saint of television in 1958 on the basis that when they were too ill to attend Mass, they had reportedly been able to see and hear it on the wall of their room.
There are traditions of bringing offerings of eggs to the Poor Clares for their intercessions for good weather, particularly for weddings. This tradition remains popular in the Philippines, particularly at the Real Monasterio de Santa Clara in Quezon City and in the town of Obando, Bulacan. According to the Filipino essayist Alejandro Roces, the practice arose because of Clare's name. In Castilian clara refers to an interval of clear weather, and also to the white or albumen of the egg.
Many places, including churches, convents, schools, hospitals, towns, and counties are named for Saint Clare, Santa Clara, or other variants. Lake Saint Clair between Lake Erie and Michigan was navigated and named on their feast day in 1679. The Saint Clair River, St. Clair Shores, Michigan, and St. Clair County, Michigan were also consequently named for them
Mission Santa Clara, founded by Spanish missionaries in northern California in 1777, has given its name to the university, city, county and valley in which it sits, nicknamed "Silicon Valley" since the 1970s. Southern California's Santa Clara River is hundreds of miles to the south and gave its name to the nearby city of Santa Clarita. The early California missions were founded by Franciscan Friars, who had a special devotion to Saint Clare. Santa Clara Pueblo, New Mexico, celebrates its Santa Clara Feast Day annually on 12 August, as the feast was celebrated before the 1969 calendar change.
The first convent in Cuba, Convento de Santa Clara de Asis, was dedicated to Saint Clare, as well as their namesake city and its cathedral, Catedral de Santa Clara de Asís. Columbus's ship known as Niña, which visited Cuba twice, was officially named Santa Clara.
Clare is one of five characters in the oratorio Laudato si', composed in 2016 by Peter Reulein on a libretto by Helmut Schlegel, the others being an angel, Mary, Francis of Assisi and Pope Francis.
Clare of Assisi is remembered in the Church of England and other churches of the Anglican Communion with a Lesser Festival on 11 August.
See also
Saint Clare of Assisi, patron saint archive
References
Citations
Sources
Bartoli, Marco. Clare of Assisi. Quincy, Ill.: Franciscan Press, 1993.
Further reading
Acta Sanctorum, August II (in Latin), 1867 [orig. 1735]. pp. 739–768.
Armstrong, Regis J. (ed. and trans.). The Lady: Clare of Assisi: Early Documents, 3rd ed. New York: New City Press, 2006 [orig. 1216–1260].
Brady, Kathleen. Francis and Clare: The Struggles of the Saints of Assisi. New York: Lodwin Press, 2021
Caxton, William. The Life of the Holy Virgin St. Clare. Fordham University, 2000 [orig. 1483].
Fiege, Marianus. The princess of poverty: Saint Clare of Assisi and the Order of Poor Ladies, 2nd ed. Evansville, Indiana: Poor Clares of the Monastery of Saint Clare, 1909.
The Roman Breviary, III. Edinburgh: W. Blackwood, 1908 [orig. 1570]. pp. 815–816.
Thomas of Celano (attributed). The Life of Saint Clare. Translated by Paschal Robinson. Philadelphia: Dolphin Press, 1910 [orig. c. 1258].
External links
– Nine windows depicting the Life of Clare, with detailed narratives by an abbess from their religious order.
1194 births
1253 deaths
13th-century Christian saints
Pre-Reformation Anglican saints
Franciscan mystics
Founders of Catholic religious communities
Franciscan spirituality
Franciscan saints
Italian Roman Catholic saints
People from Assisi
Poor Clare abbesses
Poor Clares
Female saints of medieval Italy
13th-century Italian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
13th-century Christian mystics
Anglican saints
Woman founders
Athol Whimp (1961–2012) was a New Zealand mountaineer, rock climber and soldier. Widely regarded as the most accomplished alpinist in New Zealand's modern era, they are the country's only recipient of the prestigious Piolet d'Or award for mountaineering.
Following a successful military career in the New Zealand Special Air Service and a stint as an advisor with a desert reconnaissance unit in Oman, Whimp began climbing extensively in New Zealand, Australia and the Himalaya.
During this period, they and Australian climber Andrew Lindblade made a number of difficult ascents culminating in their 1998 alpine-style ascent of the North Face of Thalay Sagar.
In addition to their hard alpine ascents, Whimp was also an accomplished rock climber, having climbed up to grade 5.13c in the Yosemite decimal system.
On 23 February 2012, Whimp died after slipping into an 800-meter fall while traversing non-technical terrain in the Darran Mountains.
Notable ascents
1994 – Compressor Route, Cerro Torre, Patagonia (with Andrew Lindblade)
1994 – Pedrini-Locher Route, Monte Fitz Roy, Patagonia (with Andrew Lindblade)
1994 – Ragni Route, Cerro Torre, Patagonia (first solo ascent)
1998 – North Face of Thalay Sagar (6904m), Garhwal Himalaya, India (first ascent with Andrew Lindblade), Winner of the Piolet d'Or
1999 – South Face of Aoraki / Mount Cook (3754m), New Zealand (solo ascent)
2000 – North Face of Jannu (7710m), Nepal (with Andrew Lindblade)
2000 – Wall of Shadows (Japanese Route), Jannu, Nepal (7710m) (second ascent with Andrew Lindblade)
2003 – Kurtyka-Schauer Route, Gasherbrum IV (7925m), Pakistan. Attempt with Andrew Lindblade. The pair retreated in bad weather at 6800m.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20131029183705/http://www.rockandice.com/lates-news/a-year-ago-athol
http://www.alpinist.com/doc/web12w/newswire-obit-whimp
Famous New Zealand climber dies in fall thebmc.co.uk
Man and Mountain: Athol Whimp, 1961-2012
New Zealand mountain climbers
1961 births
2012 deaths
Mountaineering deaths
Asif Aziz is a London-based billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist. As the founder and Chief Executive of Criterion Capital, they are known for owning and operating key landmarks including the London Trocadero and Criterion Building in Piccadilly Circus. Aziz is also the founder of family based charity the Aziz Foundation.
A property tycoon who's primary focus is shutting down businesses including pubs and schools in areas of South London to make way for luxury apartments.
Early life
Born in Malawi in 1967, Aziz moved to London at the age of six. They acquired their first London property in the 1980s, whilst still at school. They graduated from the British American College London with a business baccalaureate.
Career
Aziz worked for property investment company Morgan Grenfell Laurie before moving back to Angola, Africa in 1993 where they made their fortune through the setting up of two food manufacturing businesses, including Golfrate Angola, which they sold in 2005.
That same year they returned to the UK and established Criterion Capital, which acquired the London Trocadero leisure complex, the London Pavilion (1 Piccadilly Circus) and The Criterion Building (1 Jermyn Street). Today, Criterion Capital are the biggest landowner in the Leicester Square - Piccadilly Circus corridor.
As CEO of Criterion Capital, they own and manages a £3.6bn property portfolio across London and the South East of England, including 15 commercial buildings in the West End of London, the Docklands and Croydon.
In 2005, the Evening Standard reported that they bought their first property aged 16 at an auction they visited with a relative. When asked their age, they exaggerated, saying they were 18. They bid £1.9m for the building opposite South Kensington tube station.
Through Criterion, unveiled plans to turn the Trocadero into a 500-room pod hotel in 2009. In 2014, plans were also unveiled to open a TK Maxx retail store on the Trocadero site, though the media reported possible opposition from the Crown Estate.
Aziz is reputed to be Britain's seventh richest Muslim in the UK. The Daily Telegraph ranked Asif Aziz as number 12 out of 40 in its list of successful entrepreneurs.
Aziz has been criticised by the political magazine Private Eye for using companies registered in the Isle of Man to buy properties in London, especially pubs, and then close them down to replace them with more lucrative housing developments.
Charity
In 2015, Aziz founded The Aziz Foundation with the aim to help the educational pursuits of the most underprivileged and disadvantaged communities across Britain. Currently, the Foundation is engaged in narrowing the postgraduate attainment gap by encouraging British Muslims to pursue higher education through its Masters scholarship programme. Through continued development and education, the programme equips its scholars with the skills and social capital they require to achieve their full potential and inspire positive change within their communities.
To date, the Aziz Foundation has funded over 350 British Muslim changemakers, with 200 of these awards being allocated in the 2020-21 academic year.
In addition to the foundation, Aziz has a number of charitable interests, both internationally and domestically. Internationally this includes supporting the Thokomala project in South Africa, which looks after orphans from the AIDS epidemic; supporting the Mosaic Future primary school mentoring programme through Criterion Capital, Seeing is Believing; a charity that helps sight restorations as well as helping to prevent other causes of preventable blindness; Camfed, the international organisation dedicated to eradicating poverty in Africa through the education of girls and the empowerment of young women; Unicef the international aid agency; The Olive Tree – a scholarship scheme aims to support outstanding young Palestinians and Israelis during their degree studies; and The Next Step Diversity Mark, a means for organisations to demonstrate their commitment to generating and supporting diversity at all levels.
In the UK, they are the founder of the Aziz Foundation, which has supported community initiatives including Citizens UK, The Prince's Trust's Mosaic programme and Refugee Action.
See also
Criterion Capital
References
Living people
1967 births
English people of Indian descent
Malawian chief executives
Malawian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Businesspeople from London
External links
Aziz Foundation website
Asif Aziz's biography
Sir Richard Lloyd (bapt. 31 May 1697 – 1761), of Hintlesham Hall, Suffolk, was an English solicitor-general and Member of Parliament.
They were born the son of Talbot Lloyd of Lichfield and educated at Lichfield grammar school and St. John's College, Cambridge. They entered the Middle Temple in 1720 to study law, was called to the bar in 1723, and made a bencher in 1738. They succeeded their father before 1713, and their wife's brother to Crustwic.
They were made King's Counsel (K.C.) in 1738 and appointed Solicitor General for England and Wales for 1754–6. They were elevated to serjeant-at-law in 1759, appointed a Baron of the Exchequer for 1759–61 and served as the Recorder of Harwich, Orford and Ipswich. They were knighted in 1745.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of Great Britain for Mitchell 14 May 1745 – 1747, for Maldon 1747–1754 and for Totnes 13 December 1754 – September 1759.
In 1745, they were the major beneficiary in the will of Lady Winchilsea (widow of Heneage Finch, 3rd Earl of Winchilsea) and in 1747 bought Hintlesham Hall in Suffolk from the Powys family.
They married Elizabeth, the daughter of William Field of Crustwic, Essex, and had two sons and a daughter. Their sons Richard Savage Lloyd and Heneage Lloyd, were both painted by Thomas Gainsborough. Their eldest son and heir Richard Savage inherited Hintlesham and also followed their father as MP for Totnes.
References
1696 births
1761 deaths
People from Lichfield
People from Babergh District
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Members of the Middle Temple
Solicitors General for England and Wales
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Cornwall
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
British MPs 1741–1747
British MPs 1754–1761
Members of Parliament for Maldon
British MPs 1747–1754
Knights Bachelor
This is a list of defunct Philippine Basketball Association teams, both regular and guest.
Defunct franchises
*Acquiring team still active
Genealogies
These are the franchise lineage of present PBA teams (present to oldest):
Blackwater
Converge → Hills Bros./Alaska
Gilbey's Gin/St. George Whisky/Añejo Rhum/Gordon's Gin/Ginebra San Miguel
Purefoods/B-Meg/San Mig Coffee/Star/Magnolia Chicken → Tanduay (1987)
Meralco → Sta. Lucia → Great Taste/Presto
NLEX → Shopinas.com/Air21 → Red Bull/Barako Bull (2000)
GlobalPort/NorthPort → Coca-Cola/Powerade → Pop Cola/Diet Sarsi/Swift/Sunkist
Rain or Shine → Shell → Crispa
Phoenix Super LPG → FedEx/Air21/Burger King/Barako Bull Energy → Tanduay (1999)
Royal Tru-Orange/Gold Eagle Beer/Magnolia/Petron Blaze/San Miguel Beer
Kia/Mahindra/Columbian/Terrafirma
Pepsi/7-Up/Mobiline/Talk 'N Text/TNT
These are the franchise lineage of defunct PBA teams (oldest to latest):
Carrier/Quasar/Fiberlite
7-Up (1975) → Filmanbank → Galleon/CDCP
Mariwasa Noritake/Mariwasa Honda/Finance Inc./Galerie Dominique
U/Tex → Manhattan/Sunkist/Winston/Country Fair
Toyota → Manila Beer/Beer Hausen
Tefilin
All records of a franchise cease after it is acquired by a new company, except for:
The Pepsi/7-Up/Mobiline/Talk 'N Text/TNT franchise: Before the start of the 1996 season, Frederick Dael took over as the new president of Pepsi Cola Products Philippines, Inc. (PCPPI). As such, a change in marketing priority took effect and PCPPI was considering to disband its PBA team. To prevent the disbandment, Luis Lorenzo Sr., chairperson of PCPPI, intended to sell the franchise to Duty Free Philippines for one peso (P1) to retain its franchise. Should Duty Free disbands the PBA franchise, it would be returned to PCPPI. The sale was rejected by the Board of Governors on a special meeting on January 5, 1996, since Duty Free was not majority-owned by Lorenzo. After the All-Filipino Cup, PBA Board of Governors approved the transfer of the franchise from PCPPI to Lapanday Holdings Corporation, Lorenzo's holding company. This would enable Lorenzo to use a different brand for their PBA team. In May 1996, Pagemark Philippines, Inc., a company under Lapanday Holdings, and Pilipino Telephone Corporation (Piltel) were tasked to find a new name for the team. After negotiations, the team was rechristened as the Mobiline Cellulars. Since Lorenzo still owned the team, the records of the Pepsi team were retained.
The Tanduay franchise: Originally owned by Elizalde & Company Inc., Tanduay was one of the founding teams of the league. In 1988, the Elizalde group sold the Tanduay business assets to Lucio Tan and its PBA franchise to Pure Foods Corporation (Purefoods) as an expansion team. When Tanduay rejoined the PBA in 1999, the records of the original Tanduay team (1975–1987) were carried over.
Air21 Express and Barako Bull Energy records
A unique situation regarding the Air21 Express' team records occurred before the start of the 2011–12 season when the Lina Group of Companies acquired the Red Bull/Barako Bull PBA franchise from Photokina Marketing Corporation (along with the "Barako Bull" brand). This team was renamed as the Shopinas.com Clickers. At the same time, the FedEx/Air21/Burger King franchise was renamed "Barako Bull Energy". After the dismal performance of Shopinas.com during the Philippine Cup, the Lina Group decided to rename the team as Air21 Express.
After the two franchises switched names in 2012, the Shopinas.com/Air21 team was now considered as a new team. The team records and transaction history of its predecessor, FedEx/Air21/Burger King, were transferred to the new Barako Bull team. The lineage, team records and championships of the Red Bull/Barako Bull team were not carried over to either of the two franchises, except for the transaction history involving trades which were carried over to the Shopinas.com/Air21 team, following several precedents (the franchise acquisitions between Shell-Welcoat, Sta. Lucia-Meralco and Powerade-GlobalPort).
To create a distinction between the two Air21 franchises, the original is abbreviated as "AIR21" and the second one as "AIR21X" in the official PBA annual, Hardcourt. In some instances, the team records of the original Air21 franchise is "shared" with the second Air21 franchise. An example would be during the jersey retirement of Vergel Meneses – although they played for the original Air21 franchise, their jersey was retired by the second Air21 franchise.
Guest teams
Bay Area Dragons (2022-23 PBA Commissioner's Cup)
Smart Gilas national basketball team (2009–10 and 2010–11)
UBC Thunderbirds (2004 PBA Fiesta Conference)
U.S. Mail and More Pro-Am Selection (2004 PBA Fiesta Conference)
Yonsei University (2003 Invitational)
Magnolia-Jilin Tigers (2003 Invitational)
KK Novi Sad (2003 Invitational)
Northern Consolidated Cement (1985 PBA Reinforced Conference champions)
Philippine national basketball team (on various occasions from 1986–2003)
South Korea (1982)
Nicholas Stoodley (1980 PBA Invitational champions)
Adidas (1980)
Emtex (1977)
Ramrod (1977)
Graphical timeline
Key: Red = founding franchises; yellow = 1970s; blue = 1980s; orange = 1990s; green = 2000s; purple = 2010s; light purple = 2020s
See also
All-time Philippine Basketball Association team standings
References
1978 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1978 ACC men's basketball tournament
1978 ACC women's basketball tournament
1978 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Hubbertville is a rural incorporated area of Glen Allen located along the west bank of the Sipsey River in north-central Fayette County, Alabama, United States.
Education
Hubbertville School is in Hubbertville.
Notable people
Paul Hubbert, politician, born in Hubbertville
References
Unincorporated communities in Fayette County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Leonidas Hubbard (born 1822) was a Michigan politician.
Early life
Hubbard was born in Portage County, Ohio in 1822. Hubbard was mostly self-educated. Hubbard taught in school for several years. In 1852, Hubbard moved to the southern part of Wright Township, Hillsdale County, Michigan.
Political career
From 1853 to 1855, Hubbard served as a school inspector for Wright Township. In 1856, Wright moved to California, where they mined and hunted. In 1859, they returned to Wright Township, where they would continue to hold a number of local offices. In 1860, they served as a school inspector again. From 1862 to 1863, Hubbard served as supervisor. From 1864 to 1865, Hubbard served as the treasurer. From 1867 to 1868, Hubbard again served as supervisor. In 1870, Hubbard would serve their final term as supervisor. In 1875, Hubbard again served as treasurer. On November 3, 1874, Hubbard was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives where they represented the Hillsdale County 3rd district from January 6, 1875 to December 31, 1876. In 1876, Hubbard served as superintendent of schools in Wright Township.
Church involvement
In June 1860, reverends William Jewell and Zephaniah Shepherd organized a church from a schoolhouse in Wright of the Disciples of Christ denomination. There were about fifteen members initially. Hubbard was elected as an elder of church. In 1874, Hubbard was elected as a trustee of the church. Around 1875, Hubbard succeeded Samuel Vandervort, who had been in charge of the church for about a year. Hubbard took charge of the church for around two years, until they relieved himself.
References
1822 births
Year of death unknown
American Disciples of Christ
City and town treasurers in the United States
People from Hillsdale County, Michigan
People from Portage County, Ohio
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Republicans
19th-century Disciples of Christ
19th-century American politicians
Amy's Ride is a series of non competitive bicycle rides held in various states of Australia, by the Amy Gillett Foundation, in the memory of Amy Gillett who died in a road accident in Germany. Money raised is spent on efforts to reduce the incidence of motorist/cyclist road accidents.
The 2007 event around Geelong and the Bellarine Peninsula in Victoria, attracted 2700 riders and consisted of three options:
Road route around the Bellarine Peninsula
Bellarine Peninsula rail trail route
Circuits of the Geelong Botanic Gardens in Eastern Park, Geelong
See also
Cycling in Victoria
References
Cycling in Victoria (Australia)
Sport in Geelong
Cycling events in Victoria
Ochthoeca is a genus of South American birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae.
Species
The genus contains eight species:
The genus Ochthoeca formerly included some species that are now placed in the genus Silvicultrix.
References
Tyrannidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fürsteneck is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The fourth and final season of Wildflower, a Philippine revenge drama television series that aired on ABS-CBN and worldwide on The Filipino Channel on December 4, 2017, and concluded on February 9, 2018, with a total of 50 episodes. - The Ending
The series stars Maja Salvador, as Lily Cruz, together with an ensemble cast consisting of Tirso Cruz III, Zsa Zsa Padilla, Aiko Melendez, Joseph Marco, Sunshine Cruz, Wendell Ramos, RK Bagatsing, Vin Abrenica, Yen Santos, Christian Vasquez, Roxanne Barcelo, and Miko Raval.
Plot
Taking advantage of Helena's temporary weakness, the predatory Julio kills them to take over their vast operations under the Asian syndicate's protection. However, they quickly learn that it is not as easy without the triad's secret password, which Helena leaves with Emilia.
In the aftermath of Arnaldo's suicide, Lily and Diego try to pick up the pieces of their lives, but Julio and Emilia are enemies not yet ready to give up. In the mental asylum Emilia is haunted by the evil ghosts of Helena and Arnaldo exhorting them to avenge their deaths by killing Lily and Diego. Consumed with grief, Julio tries to stir up public outrage towards the Torillos but other than the loyalists. Meanwhile, Emilia rises from their insanity and obtains the support of the Asian syndicate with the password their mother gave them
Meanwhile, a group of citizens claiming to be families of victims of the Ardientes locate the biggest and most solid evidence that can finally bring the Ardientes to answer for their crimes. The group approach the Torillos with information about a mass grave the Ardientes began using in the mid-50s when the family first seized power. Unlike the past witnesses who were killed, the mass graves have no living witnesses to silence but hundreds of human remains to explain for.
The group, along with Jepoy (Vin Abrenica) and Ana (Yen Santos) find the graves and thousands of skeletal remains. Jepoy and Ana contact local media about the mass grave and stirs up the neighbors to do the same. The media frenzy covering the atrocities committed by the Ardientes emboldens whistleblowers and other victims to speak up, including former accomplices and political supporters like Natalie (Roxanne Barcelo), ex-bodyguards, former assassins, Judge Lustre. At this moment the neighbors and even the defecting Ardiente loyalists staging up a strike on the city.
At the Ardiente's, Lily is captured by Julio and dragged to the town square to be executed. Julio and Emilia parade Lily through a gauntlet of loyalists hurling insults and abuses at them Diego saves them and the execution attempt goes into a halt just before the loyalist mob attempts to execute them
Videos of the mass grave is repeatedly shown on national television and goes viral in social media. Public outrage against the brutality of the Ardientes reach beyond the Ardiente's kingdom and the family loses the support of powerful officials who backed them and allowed them to rule with impunity. A People Power revolution topples the powerful family. With solid evidences and witnesses no longer afraid to speak out, the people of Ardiente file cases of multiple murders, frustrated homicides, Estafa, plunder charges that would send them to prison for a long time, but Julio and Emilia escape capture. Julio vows revenge.
While authorities search for them, the city celebrates a new era under the governorship of Diego Torillo. Their joy does not last long when Julio assassinates Diego with a sniper rifle, and escape once again to a Triad safe house. Diego does not survive and the entire province mourn their death. Julio and Emilia learn that the Triad is handing Red Dragon's operations to Emilia. This does not mean anything to Julio who kills Stefano (Epi Quizon), the Triad's representative. Emilia finally realizes their father's direct hand in the murders of their aunt and mother, and that they never respected them as an equal.
With intel gathered by Arthur, Lily works with the NBI authorities led by Agent Salonga (Michael Flores) and successfully raid the safe house where the Ardientes and the Triad are gathered. As Lily tries to stop Julio from escaping, Emilia comes face to face with their father, shooting them several times until they die.
Diego's campaign promises: Peace, Hope and Love finally comes to Bagong Ardiente. Emilia's gunshot wounds severs their spine, paralyzes them and they serve their time in prison. Marlon becomes Mayor of Bagong Ardiente and Lily takes over Diego's post as Governor, moving on to Senator and finally as the leading candidate at the polls for President of the Philippines. Camia and Damian (Christian Vasquez) wed after their release from prison. Lily visits Emilia in prison extending an Olive branch and forgives them
Later, in a laboratory at an unspecified place, Julio is shown to be half-alive, having survived their gunshot injury and being connected to an intravenous solution. A gang led by Helena's adopted daughter Venus (Karylle), enters and tortures Julio to death in their actions of playing God.
Cast and characters
Main
Maja Salvador as Lily Cruz-Torillo
Tirso Cruz III as Julio Ardiente
Zsa Zsa Padilla as Helena Montoya / Red Dragon
Aiko Melendez as Emilia Ardiente-Torillo
Joseph Marco as Diego Torillo
Sunshine Cruz as Camia Delos Santos-Cruz
Wendell Ramos as Raul Torillo / Fake Jaguar
RK Bagatsing as Arnaldo Ardiente Torillo
Vin Abrenica as Jepoy Madrigal
Yen Santos as Rosana "Ana" Navarro-Madrigal
Christian Vasquez as Damian Cruz / Real Jaguar
Roxanne Barcelo as Natalie Alcantara
Miko Raval as Marlon Cabrera
Supporting
Arnold Reyes as Arthur Vergara
Sheila Valderrama as Atty. Georgina Fisher
Bobby Andrews as Mateo Ruiz
Dawn Chang as Maila Lomeda / Ms. Moran
Jeffrey Santos as Col. Magbanua
Jong Cuenco as Judge Manuel Lustre
Michael Flores as NBI Agent Noel Salonga
Recurring
Raul Montessa as Fernan Naig
Vivo Ouano as Raul's ally
June Macasaet as Raul's ally
Prince De Guzman as Raul's ally
Angelo Ilagan as Raul's ally
Justin Cuyugan as Mr. Paterno
Zeus Collins as Damian's ally
Luis Hontiveros as Damian's ally
Epi Quizon as Stefano dela Torre
Guest
Allan Paule as Ben
Gio Alvarez as Ronald
Tess Antonio as Edna
Gerald Pizarras as Efren
Special guest
Christian Vasquez as Atty. Dante Cruz
Ana Abad Santos as Carlotta Navarro
Karylle as Venus
Episodes
Notes
References
External links
Wildflower (TV series)
2017 Philippine television seasons
2018 Philippine television seasons
P. K. Sawant was appointed interim Chief Minister of Maharashtra, on the death of Marotrao Kannamwar. Sawant held the office for nine days from 25 November 1963 to 4 December 1963, when they were replaced by Congress' new leader, Vasantrao Naik. This ministry had the shortest tenure in Maharashtra until 2019, when Devendra Fadnavis's second government lasted for about three days.
References
Indian National Congress
S
S
Cabinets established in 1963
Cabinets disestablished in 1963
Andrey Olegovich Shipitsin (Russian: Андрей Олегович Шипицин; born on 25 December 1969), is a Russian naval officer, who is a sailor, and the captain of the III rank of the Coast Guard of the border troops of the FSB of Russia, commander of the PSKR "Emerald".
Biography
Andrei shipitsin was born on 25 December 1969 in Astrakhan.
They had commanded the patrol ship "Emerald" project 22460.
Kerch Strait incident
On 25 November 2018, the ship "Emerald" was involved in an incident near the Kerch Strait. Shipitsin gave the order to attack with naval weapons the warships of Ukraine, which were going to the ports of the Sea of Azov.
As a result of the attack by Coast Guard, Navy and military aircraft, in which Shipitsin was directly involved, martial law was imposed in Ukraine, in 10 regions of the country.
After the attack, Shipitsin was added to the Peacemaker database. The Security Service of Ukraine and the Military Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine charged them under several articles of the Criminal Code of Ukraine: Art. 437 (planning, preparation, resolution and conduct of aggressive war), Art. 15 (attempted crime), Art. 115 (premeditated murder), Art. 28, art. 27.
References
1969 births
Living people
In the Garden is the debut studio album by the British new wave duo Eurythmics. It was released on 16 October 1981 by RCA Records.
It was co-produced with krautrock producer Conny Plank at their studio in Cologne, and features numerous guest musicians including Blondie drummer Clem Burke, Deutsch Amerikanische Freundschaft drummer Robert Görl, and Can duo Holger Czukay and Jaki Liebezeit. Plank had previously worked with the duo whilst they were in their previous band The Tourists.
Two singles were released from the album in the UK, "Never Gonna Cry Again" and "Belinda". Neither the album nor the singles achieved much commercial success, although "Never Gonna Cry Again" charted at number 63 in the UK singles chart.
On 14 November 2005, RCA repackaged and released Eurythmics' back catalogue as "2005 Deluxe Edition Reissues". The re-issue of In the Garden added the B-sides from the album's two singles, plus three tracks recorded live on the accompanying tour.
Reception
In a favourable review in Smash Hits magazine, Tim de Lisle commented "The ex-Tourists pack their bags and leave the safe pastures of pure English pop for the electronic delights of Cologne and superstar producer Connie Plank. On the way, they mug up on their Ultravox, Bowie, and Joy Division without forgetting their own roots, and the result is an intelligent, accessible first album."
Track listing
Personnel
Eurythmics
Annie Lennox - keyboards, synthesizer, flute, percussion, vocals
David A. Stewart - keyboards, synthesizer, bass guitar, guitar, backing vocals
Guest musicians
Clem Burke (of Blondie) - drums
Holger Czukay (of Can) - French horn on "Belinda" and "Never Gonna Cry Again", brass on "Your Time Will Come", Thai stringed instrument, walking
Crista Fast (wife of Conny Plank) - backing vocals on "Revenge", laughs
Robert Görl (of D.A.F.) - drums on "Belinda"
Jaki Liebezeit (of Can) - drums on "Take Me to Your Heart", "Never Gonna Cry Again" and "All the Young (People of Today)"; brass on "Your Time Will Come"
Roger Pomphrey - guitar and backing vocals on "English Summer", "Your Time Will Come", "Caveman Head" and "Sing-Sing", shouts
Markus Stockhausen (son of Karlheinz Stockhausen) - brass on "Your Time Will Come"
Tim Wheater - saxophone on "Never Gonna Cry Again"
Technical
Dave Hutchins - engineering
Rocking Russian - design
Peter Ashworth - sleeve photography
Charts
The album did not chart in any country upon its initial release. The 2005 special edition, however, registered on the Australian chart.
References
Eurythmics albums
1981 debut albums
Albums produced by Conny Plank
Albums produced by David A. Stewart
RCA Records albums
Alain Bruneel (born 7 March 1952 in Tourcoing) is a French politician. A member of the Communist Party (PCF), they have been seated in the French National Assembly since 2017.
Career
They have been the mayor of Lewarde (Nord department) since 1999.
They were elected a regional councillor in 2004 and 2010. In 2011, they were elected a Nord general councillor from the canton of Douai-Sud and resigned from the regional council to avoid holding multiple offices; they gave their seat to Christophe di Pompeo.
They were elected to the French National Assembly on 18 June 2017, representing the 16th constituency of Nord.
References
1952 births
People from Tourcoing
French Communist Party politicians
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Living people
Politicians from Hauts-de-France
QLN may refer to:
QLN, the station code for Kollam Junction railway station, the second largest railway station in Kerala state of India
Quantum Learning Network, an education and training organization based in Oceanside, California
Philipp Grüneberg (born 21 May 1992 in Berlin) is a German footballer who plays as a forward for SV Lichtenberg 47.
External links
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Berlin
German footballers
Association football forwards
3. Liga players
1. FC Union Berlin players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
FSV Zwickau players
SV Lichtenberg 47 players
FSV Optik Rathenow players
Giuseppe Simoni is an Italian biologist and scientist. They were born in Pavia, Italy in 1944, and obtained their degree in biology at the University of Milan, where they later became a professor of genetics and biology for thirteen years.
 They are currently the scientific director of the Biocell Center - an international biotechnology company based in Milan, Italy and Medford, Boston area, MA - where they are conducting research on amniotic stem cells .
Their studies about amniotic stem cells showed that these are pluripotent, and which can differentiate into various types of tissues and mature cells, dodging a lot of ethical problems.
References
1944 births
University of Milan
Italian biologists
Living people
Norman Martin Johnson (born July 29, 1938) is an American politician of the Republican Party. They were a member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 14th district.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
References
1941 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Republicans
21st-century American politicians
James E. Breuer (born June 21, 1967) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, musician, and radio host. They were a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1995 to 1998 and starred in the film Half Baked (1998).
Early life
Breuer was born in Valley Stream, New York on Long Island.
Their first job was at Sears when they were a teenager.
Career
Television career
Breuer was a member of the cast of Saturday Night Live from 1995 to 1998, playing characters such as Joe Pesci and Goat Boy. They went on to host The Jim Breuer Show after leaving SNL. Breuer later hosted the third season of the VH1 show Web Junk 20, has done two Comedy Central specials—2002's Hardcore, and 2009's Let's Clear the Air—and has been featured in commercials for Pizza Hut.
Radio career
Breuer was a regular on The Howard Stern Show, Opie and Anthony Show and is the host of Fridays with Jim Breuer, on Sirius Satellite Radio.
Other work
Breuer regularly tours as a comedian. Footage of their 2008 tour was used in their documentary More Than Me and in their 4-hour DVD program The Jim Breuer Road Journals.
Breuer has written one book: I'm Not High (But I've Got a Lot of Crazy Stories about Life as a Goat Boy, a Dad, and a Spiritual Warrior).
In January 2011, they launched a podcast called "The Podcast Masters" with fellow comedian Pete Correale.
In September 2021, Breuer cancelled shows at venues requiring COVID-19 vaccination in New Jersey and Michigan and has stated that they will not perform at venues with such requirements.
Personal life
From 2005 to 2021, Breuer lived in Chester Township, New Jersey, with their wife, Dee, and three daughters. In August 2021, Breuer and their family moved to Naples, Florida after selling their home in New Jersey.
They describe themselves as a "superfan" of the New York Mets.
Discography
Jim Breuer and the Loud & Rowdy – Songs from the Garage (2016; Metal Blade Records)
Filmography
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
People from Chester Township, New Jersey
People from Valley Stream, New York
Male actors from New York (state)
American male film actors
American stand-up comedians
American talk radio hosts
American male television actors
Valley Stream Central High School alumni
American sketch comedians
American male comedians
Comedians from New York (state)
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Baal is a Semitic term for "Lord" or "owner".
Baal may also refer to:
Religion
Baal (demon), a Christian demon, loosely identified with the Canaanite god
Baal Peor, a Canaanite deity
Baal-berith, worshiped in ancient Canaan
Baal-zebub or Beelzebub, a demon in some Abrahamic religions
Hadad, a Canaanite deity commonly known as Baal or Ba'lu
Places
Baal, Germany, a village in the municipality of Hückelhoven
Baal, Belgium, a village in the municipality of Tremelo
Baal, Netherlands, a hamlet in the Dutch province Gelderland
People
Baal I, 7th-century BC king of Tyre
Baal Shem Tov (1698–1760), Jewish mystical rabbi
Baal HaTanya (1745–1812), Orthodox Rabbi
Baal Müller (born 1969), German writer and publisher
Adam Muraszko (stage name Baal), Czech/Polish heavy metal musician
Georges Baal (1938–2013), Hungarian writer
Johann Baal (1657–1701), German composer
Karin Baal (born 1940), German film actor
Loïc Baal (born 1992), French footballer
Ludovic Baal (born 1986), French Guianese footballer
Arts and entertainment
Characters and fictional entities
Baal (comics), a Marvel Comics character
Bhaal (Forgotten Realms), a fictional deity in the Dungeons & Dragons: Forgotten Realms novels and games
Ba'al (Stargate), a fictional character in Stargate SG-1
Ba'al, a character in Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen
General Baal, a character of the video game Grandia
Baal, a character in the Diablo series
Baal, a character in the Disgaea series of games
A fictional planet in the Warhammer 40,000 series
Ba'al, a character in the video game Genshin Impact
Music
Baal (band), a Danish rock band
BAAL (Serbian band), a Serbian gothic rock band
Baal (EP), a 1981 EP by David Bowie, featuring incidental music written for Brecht's play
Baal: Book of Angels Volume 15, a 2010 album by the Ben Goldberg Quartet composed by John Zorn
"Baäl", a song by Exuma from their 1970 album Exuma II
Other uses in arts and entertainment
Baal (film), a 1970 German TV film, directed by Volker Schlöndorff and based on the play
Baal (play), a 1918 play by Bertolt Brecht
Baal (video game), a 1988 computer game for the Amiga
Baal, a 1978 horror novel by Robert McCammon
Other uses
British Association for Applied Linguistics, a UK society for applied linguists
Baal teshuva movement, worldwide movement among the Jewish people
See also
Baalah (disambiguation)
Bael (disambiguation)
Ball (disambiguation)
Bail (disambiguation)
Bale (disambiguation)
Belus (disambiguation)
The Bexar Archives is a collection of documents archived at the University of Texas.
Provenance
The Bexar Archives contain a collection of Spanish language documents which are named for their city of origin, San Antonio de Bexar. These documents accumulated in San Antonio, which was established as a government center in Texas during Spanish and Mexican rule. The Bexar County Commissioners' Court voted on September 30, 1899 to transfer nearly 81,000 documents totaling over 204 pages to the University of Texas. The university agreed to translate, archive, and store all the documents in a fireproof vault. Carlos Castañeda performed the initial archival work.
Bibliography
History of Texas
University of Texas System
History of Mexico
Archives in the United States
George Gross (born 8 March 1952) is a Canadian water polo player. They competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Toronto
The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1847 (10 & 11 Vict c 108), sometimes called the Bishopric of Manchester Act 1847, is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom with the principal purpose of delegating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England the power to put forward a scheme (a form of secondary legislation) to create the Diocese of Manchester. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners scheme containing the precise arrangements for the diocesan changes was put forward to Queen Victoria at Osborne House in the Isle of Wight, on 10 August 1847, where it was assented to in Chambers.
Whilst the Act was primarily a procedural enabling device to provide the legal framework for a relatively minor reorganisation within the Church of England, and would normally have ceased to be relevant once the scheme for the creation of the dioceses had been assented to, it incorporated provisions which set the number of Lords Spiritual in the House of Lords at 26, irrespective of the number of bishoprics in England, and created the mechanism for the determining the membership of the Lords Spiritual.
The bill was the subject of debate in the House of Lords at the time, regarding whether "The limitation of the number of Lords Spiritual which it was proposed to establish by this Bill, was not only an infringement of the prerogatives of the Crown, but they also considered that it was a dangerous invasion of the rights and privileges of all the Members of their Lordships' House, temporal and spiritual" as it was Government legislation which sought to control the membership of the House of Lords through limiting the ability of the exercise of Royal Prerogative in the right of issuing writs of summons to call a Bishop to the House of Lords that "with respect to the Peerage of this country, this was the first time it had ever been proposed to interfere with the right conferred by it".
Preamble
The preamble, to "Church of Wales and" was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1891. The words "for England" were repealed by section 1 of, and the First Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1894.
Section 1
This section from "so much" to "and that", was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1875. The words "for England" were repealed by section 1 of, and the First Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1894.
Section 2
This section, to "enacted that" and from "and whenever" to the end of the section, was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1891.
Section 3
This section was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1875.
References
Halsbury's Statutes of England. (The Complete Statutes of England). First Edition. Butterworth & Co (Publishers) Ltd. 1929. Volume 6. Page 94.
The Statutes: Second Revised Edition. Printed under the authority of HMSO. London. 1894. Volume 8. Pages 290 and 291.
"Statute and Order in Council creating the Bishopric of Manchester". The Manchester Municipal Code. Solicitors' Law Stationery Society. 1899. Volume 5: . Page 299.
Ivor Bowen. The Statutes of Wales. T Fisher Unwin. 1908. Pages xxi and 264 to 266.
English law
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1847
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning the House of Lords
Sphyrapodidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Tanaidacea.
Genera:
Ansphyrapus Gutu, 2001
Francapseudes Bacescu, 1981
Kudinopasternakia Gutu, 1991
Poligarida Bamber & Marshall, 2013
Pseudosphyrapus Gutu, 1980
Sphyrapoides Gutu & Iliffe, 1998
Sphyrapus Norman & Stebbing, 1886
Sphyrapus Sars, 1882
Wandogarida Wi & Kang, 2018
References
Tanaidacea
Crustacean families
Events in the year 1918 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
29 September – The Armistice of Salonica (also known as the Armistice of Thessalonica) was signed between Bulgaria and the Allied Powers in Thessaloniki.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
General Edward Frederick (23 June 1784 – 5 December 1866) was a British Indian Army officer who was Commissary General of the Bombay Army.
Life
Frederick was the eldest son of Colonel Charles Frederick, nephew of Sir John Frederick, 4th Baronet MP. Edward's son Charles by their second wife, Mary, inherited the baronetcy as 7th baronet. Their grandson, Sir Edward Frederick, 9th Baronet, was an Army officer and first-class cricketer.
Frederick followed their father into the British East India Company. They were appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1838 Coronation Honours. They were promoted to General in 1860.
They died in Winchester, Hampshire, England in 1866.
Family
Frederick married, firstly, Selina Grote, daughter of George Grote the elder and sister of George Grote. After their death, without issue, they married in 1841 Mary St John.
References
1784 births
1866 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Bath
British Indian Army generals
British East India Company Army officers
Hassendean is a small village in the Scottish Borders south of Edinburgh, Scotland. The stream is the Hassendean Burn which flows down to the River Teviot five miles away. The village's name has been written as Hazeldean and Halstaneden.
Hassendean had a railway station from 1850 to 1969.
The nearby Minto hill is 905 feet above sea level. Places near Hassendean include Denholm and Minto.
See also
List of places in the Scottish Borders
List of places in Scotland
References
External links
Villages in the Scottish Borders
Eudendrium rameum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1766
Taxa named by Peter Simon Pallas
The epsilon axe is a type of battle axe named for its similarity to the Greek letter epsilon (ϵ). The epsilon axe was widely used throughout the Middle East, its usage spread from there and grew in popularity to be used in eastern Europe and Russia as well as the Nordic countries. The axe is also depicted in Egyptian hieroglyphics with the warrior carrying both the epsilon axe and a shield thus leaving some to believe that this weapon was used also as a one handed weapon. Bronze examples of the Assyrian design are kept in the British Museum. Some historians have called the epsilon axe the "poor man's" kopesh, it is possible that the epsilon axe would be assigned to less valuable or "irregular" infantry while main forces would be equipped with the kopesh.
The axe head was made out of either bronze or copper and it was then fitted on to the haft using tangs. The structure of the weapon made its ability to penetrate armour very weak so it would mainly be used against weakly armoured opponents. With the Bardiche the head of the axe is usually affixed to the haft near the middle or bottom, however in almost all versions of the epsilon axe the blade is attached at three different points: top, middle, bottom. These tangs would be wedged into the grooves of the heft. Then they would be lashed down to ensure a sturdy fit.
The epsilon axe is somewhat more limited than the Bardiche axe in that while sharing the same basic design it lacks a point that extends beyond the reach of the haft. This makes it unable to be used as a thrusting weapon, instead only relying on the power of the swing from the combatant. The edge of blade has taken on many different types of shape but the general construction of it has remained the same over time.
References
Bronze Epsilon Axe at National Museums Liverpool: https://www.liverpoolmuseums.org.uk/artifact/axe-2
Axes
Ancient weapons
Perchas 1 is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 902.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Perchas 1 and Perchas 2 barrios was 1,429.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Perchas 1 barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Lilaceophlebia is a genus of three species of crust fungi in the family Meruliaceae. The genus was first proposed by Erast Parmasto in 1968 as a section of the genus Phlebia. Viacheslav Spirin and Ivan Zmitrovich elevated the taxon to generic status in 2004.
Species
Lilaceophlebia georgica (Parmasto) Spirin & Zmitr. (2004)
Lilaceophlebia ochraceofulva (Bourdot & Galzin) Spirin & Zmitr. (2004)
Lilaceophlebia tremelloidea (Bres.) Zmitr. (2015)
References
Taxa described in 1968
Meruliaceae
Polyporales genera
House Island is a small island on the outskirts of Manchester Harbor in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts, United States.
House Island is uninhabited; sources of the name are unconfirmed. The island has steep rocky sides and dense vegetation away inland from the steep cliffs that surround it. The island is covered in poison ivy and is not recommended for visitation. The steep cliffs of the island allow passing ships and lobstermen to come within as little as of the shoreline without running aground.
References
Islands of Essex County, Massachusetts
Islands of Massachusetts
Uninhabited islands of Massachusetts
Coastal islands of Massachusetts
William Robert Bonthron (November 1, 1912 – January 17, 1983) was an American middle-distance runner who held the world record at 1500 meters for two years.
Career
Bonthron studied at Princeton University. In 1933, their junior year, Bonthron was IC4A champion at both 800 meters and 1500 meters and then set an American record in a Princeton mile race against New Zealand's Jack Lovelock. Bonthron led most of the way and attempted to pull away in the final backstretch, only to be overhauled by Lovelock, who ran the last lap in 58.9 seconds to set a new world record of 4:07.6. Bonthron finished seven yards back in 4:08.7, also under Jules Ladoumègue's old world mark.
In February 1934 Bonthron defeated 1932 and 1933 NCAA champion Glenn Cunningham in an indoor meet in New York by several inches. On June 16 Bonthron was again on the losing end of a mile world record, as Cunningham beat them in the Princeton Invitational Mile in 4:06.7. However, Bonthron came back to beat Cunningham at the NCAA championships on June 23 in a new meeting record time of 4:08.9. A week later at the national championships in Milwaukee, Bonthron defeated Cunningham again. The race was over 1500 meters; Cunningham went out hard and was still well ahead a hundred yards from the tape, but Bonthron came through with a blistering sprint to win by two feet in a new world record time of 3:48.8. Cunningham's time was 3:48.9, also inside Luigi Beccali's previous record of 3:49.0. Bonthron won the 1934 Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States.
Although Bonthron originally intended to retire from running after graduating, they ended up not doing so; he, Cunningham and Gene Venzke remained America's leading milers in 1935. However, Bonthron was not in their best shape in 1936 and only placed fourth at the Olympic Trials (behind Cunningham, Archie San Romani and Venzke), failing to make the Olympic team and subsequently retiring.
In April, 1936, Bonthron, along with many other sports champions and stand outs, was honored at a banquet in Detroit, MI. This Banquet was the first celebration of Champions Day.
References
1912 births
1983 deaths
American male middle-distance runners
Princeton Tigers men's track and field athletes
World record setters in athletics (track and field)
Track and field athletes from Detroit
John Rossiter, born on 2 March 1916 in Staverton, Devon, England, and died in 2005 in the United Kingdom, was a British writer, author of spy novels and, under the pseudonym Jonathan Ross, around twenty police procedural novels.
Life
From 1924 to 1932 they completed their studies at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. They were a detective in the Wiltshire Police force from 1939 to 1969, except during World War II, from 1943 to 1946, when they served as a lieutenant in the Royal Air Force. They were also a columnist for the Wiltshire Courier newspaper from 1963 to 1964.
Shortly before their retirement from the police, they began a career as a writer by publishing in 1968, under the pseudonym Jonathan Ross, the first title of a series in the police procedural genre, whose recurrent hero is the irascible Chief Inspector George Rogers of 'Abbotsburn', with their assistant Detective Inspector David Lingard, a dandy who likes to take snuff, which annoys their superior. Unyielding in their methods, Rogers is often entangled in a complex investigation, but their sense of method allows them to get by.
After the publication of four titles in their crime series, Rossiter published under their own name a series of espionage thrillers following the missions of British agent Roger Tallis. Given the lack of success encountered, the author tried further thrillers, before limiting themselves to the investigations of George Rogers.
Work
Novels
Roger Tallis spy series
The Murder Makers (1970)
The Deadly Green (1970)
A Rope for General Dietz (1972)
The Deadly Gold (1975)
Other novels
The Victims (1971)
The Manipulators (1973)
The Villains (1974)
The Man Who Came Back (1978)
Dark Flight (1981)
Inspector George Rogers police series under pseudonym Jonathan Ross
The Blood Running Cold (1968)
Diminished by Death (1968)
Death at First Hand (1969)
The Deadest Thing You Ever Saw (1969)
Here Lies Nancy Frail (1972)
The Burning of Billy Toober (1974)
I Know What It's Like To Die (1976)
A Rattling of Old Bones (1979)
Dark Blue and Dangerous (1981)
Death's Head (1982)
Dead Eye (1983)
Dropped Dead (1984)
Burial Deferred (1985)
Fate Accomplished (1987)
Sudden Departures (1988)
A Time for Dying (1989)
Daphne Dead and Done for (1990)
Murder Be Hanged (1992)
The Body of a Woman (1994), also entitled None the Worse for a Hanging
Murder! Murder! Burning Bright (1996)
This Too, Too Sullied Flesh (1997)
Sources
International Who's Who of Authors and Writers 2004. London: Europa Publications, 2003. . p. 479.
1916 births
2005 deaths
20th-century English novelists
English crime fiction writers
English spy fiction writers
People from South Hams (district)
Officers in English police forces
Jett Woo (born July 27, 2000) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Canucks of the American Hockey League (AHL), as a prospect of the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). On June 23, 2018, they were selected 37th overall in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.  They are of Chinese and German descent.
Playing career
During the 2018–19 season, their fourth season with the Moose Jaw Warriors, Woo was signed to a three-year, entry-level contract with the Vancouver Canucks on March 17, 2019.
At the 2019 WHL Bantam Draft on May 2, 2019, Woo was traded from Moose Jaw to the Calgary Hitmen in exchange for defenceman Vladislav Yeryomenko, forward Ryder Korczak, the 11th overall selection in the 2019 WHL Bantam Draft, and a second-round pick in 2021.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Abbotsford Canucks players
Calgary Hitmen players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Canadian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Moose Jaw Warriors players
Utica Comets players
Vancouver Canucks draft picks
Ice hockey players at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
Youth Olympic silver medalists for Canada
is a Japanese author.
Biography
Kogyoku was born in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture.
Due to enjoying the works published by , an imprint publishing works geared towards young girls, they began writing novels while still in elementary school. When they were attending Kanazawa Sakuragaoka High School, they were part of a literary club that took part in the where they won the . They then attended Kanazawa University and graduated from the department of literature.
In 2006, their novel Horned Owl and King of the Night was the Grand Prize winner in the thirteenth Dengeki Novel Prize held by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks).
Works
Light novels
（Illustrated by:）
（Illustrated by:）
（Illustrated by:）
（Illustrated by:）
（Illustrated by:）
（Illustrated by:）
Game scenario
（Short story in the game — ）
Other
（Illustrated by:HERO）
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Japanese science fiction writers
Light novelists
People from Ishikawa Prefecture
Augustin Yvon Edmond Dubail (15 April 1851 – 7 January 1934) was a French Army general. They commanded the First Army and Army Group East during World War I.
Biography
Augustin Dubail was born in Belfort on April 15, 1851. They graduated from the military school of Saint-Cyr in 1870 and was commissioned an officer in the infantry. During the Franco-Prussian War Dubail fought at Saarbrücken, Spicheren, Borny before being captured at Metz. After the war Dubail served as a professor at Saint-Cyr, as an officer on the border and in Algeria, where in 1901 they became colonel of the 3rd Zouaves.
In 1904–1905 Dubail served twice as chief of staff of the French Minister of War Maurice Berteaux. Promoted to brigadier general, Dubail commanded the 53rd Infantry Brigade, the 5th Infantry Brigade and the 14th Infantry Brigade and was commandant of Saint-Cyr (1906–1908) before being appointed to the technical committee of the infantry.
During the Agadir Crisis in 1911 Dubail was Chief of Staff of the Army, reporting to the new War Minister, Adolphe Messimy. Messimy and Dubail tried to have the Army adopt 105mm heavy guns, but French generals saw them as a drag on the offensive (preferring to use the lighter and more mobile "Soixante-Quinze" gun) and better used as a defensive weapon like machine guns, so only a few were in use by 1914. General Victor Michel, Vice-President of the Supreme War Council and commander-in-chief designate, later claimed that Dubail had privately agreed with their plans to deploy reservists in the front line and to adopt a more defensive war plan; however Michel had to resign when no senior general backed him. Dubail's post was abolished in Messimy's reforms.
In 1912 Dubail was given command of the IX Corps and in 1914 they became a member of the Supreme War Council.
When the war broke out Dubail was given command of the First Army, which would start the invasion of Germany by taking Lorraine together with de Castelnau's Second Army. The armies met strong German resistance and were repulsed out of Lorraine with heavy casualties. They were able to reform and defend the French border against a German attack.
In 1915 they were promoted to commander of Army Group East (G.A.E) on the Western Front, around Belfort and Verdun. They became convinced that a major German offensive was coming against Verdun. They called for reinforcements and heavy artillery and the new Allie tanks for the Verdun sector, but the French commander-in-chief, Joseph Joffre, wasn't convinced that an attack was imminent.
When the German offensive began at Verdun, Joffre partly blamed Dubail, who was fired in March 1916, publicly humiliated. They claimed to have been made a scapegoat for Joffre's lack of foresight, although they had themselves public played down the likelihood of a German attack at Verdun. Dubail was hired again in April 1916, becoming military governor of Paris, a position they kept until June 1918, when they were replaced by General Guillaumat. Dubail died on January 7, 1934, aged 82.
Decorations
Légion d'honneur
Knight (24 June 1886)
Officer (11 July 1900)
Commander (30 December 1905)
Grand Officer (30 December 1911)
Grand Cross (18 September 1914)
Médaille militaire (8 October 1915)
Croix de guerre 1914–1918 with 3 palms
Commemorative medal of the 1870–1871 War
Médaille Interalliée de la Victoire 1914-1918
Médaille Commémorative de la Grande Guerre
War Cross (Belgium)
Distinguished Service Medal (US)
Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (UK)
Officer of Nichan Iftikhar (Tunisia)
Grand Cross of St. Stanislas
Grand Cross of the White Eagle
Grand Cross of the Crown
Grand Cross of the Sacred Treasure
Grand Cross of the Rising Sun
References
General references
David F. Burg & L. Edward Purcell, Almanac of World War I, The University Press of Kentucky, 1998.
Christopher Clark, The Sleepwalkers: How Europe Went to War in 1914, Allen Lane, Penguin, 2012.
.
Biography of Augustin Dubail.
Base Léonore for their records concerning the Légion d'honneur (French decoration).
External links
1851 births
1934 deaths
Military personnel from Belfort
French generals
French military personnel of World War I
Military governors of Paris
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
Grand Chanceliers of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Honorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Foreign recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)
École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr commandants
Leslie Ekker (born August 15, 1955) is an American special effects artist who was nominated at the 68th Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects. They were nominated for the film Apollo 13, along with Michael Kanfer, Robert Legato and Matt Sweeney.
Selected filmography
Star Trek: The Motion Picture (1979)
Blade Runner (1982)
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension (1984)
Edward Scissorhands (1990)
Hook (1991)
True Lies (1994)
Apollo 13 (1995)
Titanic (1997)
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Special effects people
Best Visual Effects BAFTA Award winners
Carenum smaragdulum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Westwood in 1842.
References
smaragdulum
Beetles described in 1842
Niall FitzGerald (1931 – 20 December 2012) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.
FitzGerald joined the team during the 1950 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until their retirement following the completion of the 1966 championship. During that time they won one National Football League medal and three Munster medals. FitzGerald was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
FitzGerald also enjoyed a lengthy club career with Collins and Macroom, winning two county club championship medals.
References
1931 births
2012 deaths
Macroom Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Clyde Fortuin (born 18 August 1995) is a South African cricketer. They were part of South Africa's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They were included in the Border cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup. In August 2017, they were named in Bloem City Blazers' squad for the first season of the T20 Global League. However, in October 2017, Cricket South Africa initially postponed the tournament until November 2018, with it being cancelled soon after.
In September 2019, Fortuin was named in Northern Cape's squad for the 2019–20 CSA Provincial T20 Cup. In April 2021, they were named in Boland's squad, ahead of the 2021–22 cricket season in South Africa. On 4 October 2021, in the 2021–22 CSA Provincial T20 Knock-Out tournament, Fortuin scored their first century in Twenty20 cricket, with 104 not out against Warriors.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
South African cricketers
Border cricketers
Cape Cobras cricketers
Eastern Province cricketers
Northern Cape cricketers
Warriors cricketers
Western Province cricketers
Cricketers from Cape Town
Wicket-keepers
KissAnime was an anime-focused file streaming website that hosted links and embedded videos, allowing users to stream or download movies and TV shows illegally for free. It was a sister site to a related manga viewing website, KissManga. KissAnime was described as "one of the world's biggest streaming anime websites". TorrentFreak reported that the sites had audiences of millions and that for a time, KissAnime was "the most visited pirate site in the world".
History
The website, as well as KissManga, was shut down on 14 August 2020 after about 8 years of existence (the .com website had been registered in 2012 and a more recent .ru domain in 2016), and it has been suggested this was done due to copyright complaints, and the threat of the new, stricter Japanese laws on online piracy. In 2017 the site was also a target of a subpoena by US company FUNimation, which described its actions as aimed at "someone... disseminating infringing content on a MASSIVE scale, for profit."
In 2018 the site was blocked in Australia. It was also blocked in India in 2020, along with other pirate streaming and torrent websites, after a decision by the Delhi High Court in favour of the plaintiff, Disney India. The court order provided for "dynamic" blocking meaning that Disney could ask for further bans on websites violating copyrights other than the ones in the order.
Reactions
The site has been criticized for its copyright infringement and occasionally for advertising that contained malware, but it has been praised for popularizing anime and manga, and for providing access to content that is not legally available in certain areas, particularly in parts of Europe, Southeast Asia and India.
Its main site, KissAnime.ru, was shut down on August 14, 2020. One commentator noted that "fans are furious" as "in many countries they really have nowhere to go" for the kind of content that was hosted on the site. Another commentator has described the outcome as both "a major strike to media piracy [and] a blow to the history of anime", noting that the website has also been an archive of rare titles, such as the 1993 original video animation, Battle Angel. Many of the works that have been available on the website can be considered lost, as not only are many titles not distributed legally in many countries, but in some cases, they are only available on physical media, which is subject to degradation over time, and are not possible to legally stream anywhere in the world. Even though the main website has shut down, many mirrors of the original websites still exist.
See also
Nyaa Torrents
Online piracy
Scanlation
References
Anime and manga websites
File sharing communities
Defunct websites
Internet properties disestablished in 2020
Internet properties established in 2012
Internet censorship in India
This is a complete list of players who have played for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League.
A
Jānis Andersons,
Ģirts Ankipāns,
Tyler Arnason,
Uģis Avotiņš
B
Armands Bērziņš,
Māris Bičevskis,
Elvijs Biezais,
Viktors Bļinovs,
Edijs Brahmanis,
Roberts Bukarts
C
Mathieu Carle,
Oskars Cibuļskis,
Ronalds Cinks,
Aigars Cipruss,
Mārtiņš Cipulis
D
Lauris Dārziņš,
Kaspars Daugaviņš,
Andris Džeriņš
E
Matt Ellison
F
Adrian Foster
G
Guntis Galviņš,
Alexandre Giroux,
Kristers Gudļevskis
H
Mark Hartigan,
Toms Hartmanis,
Chris Holt,
Marcel Hossa
I
Mike Iggulden,
Miks Indrašis,
Raitis Ivanāns
J
Jamie Johnson,
Māris Jučers
K
Vitaly Karamnov,
Martin Kariya,
Mārtiņš Karsums
L
Rodrigo Laviņš,
Miks Lipsbergs,
Niclas Lucenius,
Jamie Lundmark,
Edgars Lūsiņš
M
Edgars Masaļskis,
Gints Meija,
Björn Melin,
Juraj Mikúš,
Ervīns Muštukovs
N
Sergejs Naumovs,
Ville Nieminen,
Aleksandrs Ņiživijs,
Filip Novák
O
Sandis Ozoliņš
P
Vitālijs Pavlovs,
Sergejs Pečura,
Róbert Petrovický,
Ronald Petrovický,
Ainārs Podziņš,
Mārtiņš Porejs,
Martin Prusek,
Georgijs Pujacs
R
Jēkabs Rēdlihs,
Krišjānis Rēdlihs,
Miķelis Rēdlihs,
Arvīds Reķis
S
Agris Saviels,
Rob Schremp,
Jakub Šindel,
Aleksejs Širokovs,
Maksims Širokovs,
Gunārs Skvorcovs,
Oļegs Sorokins,
Kristaps Sotnieks,
Daniel Sperrle,
Jānis Sprukts,
Juris Štāls,
Jānis Straupe,
Tomáš Surový,
Lee Sweatt,
Paul Szczechura
T
Mikael Tellqvist,
Atvars Tribuncovs,
Brock Trotter
U
Juris Upītis
V
Raimonds Vilkoits
W
Fredrik Warg,
Duvie Westcott
Player nationalities
Lists of ice hockey players
Michael Obiora (born 8 October 1986) is a British actor, writer, director, and producer.
Life and career
Michael Obiora (pronounced OH-BEE-ORA) was born on 8 October 1986 in north-west London, England, to Nigerian-Igbo parents. As a six-year-old, they were determined to become an entertainer like their idol Michael Jackson, and their mother enrolled them in drama lessons.
At the age of nine, Obiora became the youngest actor to have appeared in Grange Hill; they played Max Abassi on the programme for five years.
Just before their 18th birthday, Obiora landed a role playing the part of Gunner Jackson Clarke, a soldier in ITV's eight-part series Bombshell, starring opposite Footballers Wives star Zöe Lucker.
Shortly after filming Bombshell, Obiora started a seven-month run as one of the leads in the award-winning play Elmina's Kitchen, written by Kwame Kwei-Armah, at the Garrick Theatre. Elmina's Kitchen is only the second play in history written by a writer of African descent to be staged in the West End. Obiora also had the lead role in the stage play Exclude Me, completing a successful 11-week run on stage at The Chelsea Theatre, and lead roles in the plays Fallout starring opposite Lennie James, at the Royal Court Theatre, Badnuff starring opposite David Harewood, at The Soho Theatre, and Headstone at the Arcola Theatre.
Obiora has had television roles in My Family, Judge John Deed, Misfits, Sea of Souls, ITV1's Afterlife , Doctor Who ("Blink") - their portrayal of Carey Mulligan's love interest, Di Billy Shipton, was critically acclaimed, and the episode has been voted in the Top 5 best ever. Obiora has also starred in Doctors, Powers, The Bill for five episodes as Nathan Morley, and Holby City. They were in four episodes of EastEnders; the first episode airing on 11 June 2009, in which they played playboy footballer, Ellis Prince.
Obiora became hugely recognisable when they played receptionist Ben Trueman in the BBC One drama series Hotel Babylon, which ran for four seasons. They joined the cast of the long-running BAFTA winning medical drama Casualty for its 26th season playing the part of Lloyd Asike, a nurse. They spent two years on the show. Alongside Stanley Tucci, Sofie Gråbøl, Michael Gambon, and Christopher Eccleston, Obiora was part of an international ensemble that formed the cast of Sky Atlantic's critically acclaimed 2015 epic eleven-part crime thriller, Fortitude - the series was filmed over six months in Iceland. In 2016, they travelled to South Africa to film Hooten and The Lady, in which they played Julian.
On 18 January 2017 Obiora made an appearance in Midsomer Murders on ITV as Oliver Marcet in the episode "Red in Tooth and Claw." Later that year, Obiora played Dr Harwood in the Channel 4 comedy pilot titled Anxio(US), and they starred in the television remake of Guy Ritchie's Snatch as New York Jewellery dealer Nas Stone. In 2018 they played Baxter in the reboot of Warner Bros Tombraider, with the film grossing $275 million at the box office. Later that year they played Ed in the short film Downtime.
Michael starred opposite Idris Elba as Errol Minty in the Golden Globe winning Luther between 2015 and 2019. In 2021 Michael made an appearance as a charismatic American preacher in the RTS nominated BBC comedy series Jerk.
Michael made their directorial debut with the short film Soaperstar in 2020. They also wrote and starred in the short, and it was the recipient of the Film Short: Award of Recognition, and Award of Merit: Best Actor - Michael Obiora, at the Best Shorts Awards 2020. It also won a Best Actor award for Michael at the Europe Film Festival 2020, as well as being officially selected for screening at the ACADEMY AWARD® qualifying Pan African Film Festival 2021.
In 2021 Michael made their second directorial outing with the short film KARMArcus. They also wrote and starred in the film, and was awarded Best Actor at the London Movie Awards 2021 for their role as Marcus. KARMArcus also won the award for Outstanding Short Script at the Black Swan International Film Festival 2022.
Michael is also a hugely successful voiceover artist having voiced campaigns for Adidas, and Jacamo among many others. They narrated the popular London to Lagos: Lifestyles of The Super Rich documentary broadcast on Channel 4, and they have narrated many audiobooks including Sarah Burns' critically acclaimed The Central Park 5, speculative sci-fi fantasy novel A River Called Time by Courttia Newland, and Nobel Prize for Literature great Wole Soyinka's Chronicles from the Land of the Happiest People on Earth. This was Soyinka's first novel in 25 years. Michael is also one of the narrators of Geraldine Brooks' historical fiction novel, Horse. Along with the other narrators Michael won an Earphone Award for their work on the audiobook.
Obiora is also the voice of Chike in the popular American cartoon series Robozuna, on Netflix.
Michael played the part of DS Watende Robinson in the hugely successful BBC Radio 4 detective drama Craven from 2009 - 2014. The show also starred Maxine Peake, and was written by Amelia Bullmore.
Michael Obiora's first novel, Black Shoes, was released in 2009. Michael published their second novel Vivian's Couch in November 2014.
Personal life
Michael was expelled from secondary school at age fifteen, the year before their GCSEs.
Obiora is a sports and fitness enthusiast and is a keen Arsenal fan.
In 2008 they were diagnosed with celiac disease and has thus had to control their diet.
In 2014 Michael married their long term partner in a beach wedding ceremony in their native the Seychelles. They welcomed their first child in May 2020.
Appearances
Audiobooks
See also
List of people diagnosed with coeliac disease
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Male actors from London
English male television actors
English male stage actors
English male child actors
English child actors
Black British male actors
Black British writers
English people of Igbo descent
Igbo male actors
What We Lose in the Fire We Gain in the Flood is the first studio album by the indie pop band The Mynabirds. It was released by Saddle Creek Records on April 27, 2010 and produced by Richard Swift.
Track listing
All songs written by Laura Burhenn.
Reception
On Metacritic, What We Lose in the Fire We Gain in the Flood has an average score of 77 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
James Skinner, writing for Drowned in Sound, praised both Burhenn's vocals and Swift's production, stating that the album "revels in a soulful, brassy buzz that sounds great from the offset and even better on further listening". In a positive review for Pitchfork, Matthew Perpetua favourably compares the album to Burhenn's earlier work with Georgie James, saying "Here, they emerge fully formed with a set of bold, assured songs so elegantly composed that many could pass for old standards". According to Anthony Lombardi of PopMatters, "With such a crowded, convoluted number of artists arriving on the indie scene [...] it's both exciting and comforting to find a talent as raw and solitary as Laura Burhenn's", with this album being "a pure, big-hearted document of strength and spirit that's as affecting and enlivening as anything pop music's past has given us".
References
2010 albums
Albums produced by Richard Swift (singer-songwriter)
The Mynabirds albums
Saddle Creek Records albums
Alternative country albums by American artists
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1709.
Events
February 1 or 2 – Alexander Selkirk, the inspiration for Robinson Crusoe, is rescued from the Juan Fernández Islands, where they were marooned, and begins their return to civilization.
April 12 – The magazine The Tatler is founded in London by Richard Steele, writing as Isaac Bickerstaff. On July 8 "Mrs. (Phoebe) Crackenthorpe" (perhaps Delarivier Manley) begins publication of The Female Tatler.
April 26 – An act of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland provides for public libraries in presbyteries.
May–October 20 – Mrs. Delarivier Manley's roman à clef The New Atalantis (Secret Memoirs and Manners of Several Persons of Quality, of both Sexes, From The New Atalantis, an Island in the Mediterranean) is published in London (in two volumes, anonymously), purporting to be translated from Italian. Its satire of the Whigs is so scurrilous that the author is detained for questioning from October 29 to November 5. It goes through seven editions.
May 2 – Alexander Pope's career as a poet is launched with the publication of the anthology Poetical Miscellanies, The Sixth Part, edited by John Dryden and published by Jacob Tonson in London.
June 28 – Historian Gustaf Adlerfelt is killed at the Battle of Poltava; their eyewitness account is continued by their son.
unknown dates
The Works of Mr William Shakespear edited by dramatist Nicholas Rowe appears. It is the first modern edition of Shakespeare's plays, including scene divisions, dramatis personæ and a prefatory account of Shakespeare's life, the first substantial biography of him. An unauthorised seventh volume, including Shakespeare's poems, is perhaps edited by Charles Gildon.
Ælfric of Eynsham's An English-Saxon Homily on the Birth-day of St. Gregory is translated from Old English by Elizabeth Elstob.
Anthim the Iberian, Metropolitan of Ungro-Wallachia, establishes the first Georgian printing press in Tbilisi.
New books
Prose
Abbé Olivier – Memoirs of the Life and Adventures of Signor Rozelli
Mary Astell – Bart'lemy Fair
Thomas Baker – Reflections on Learning, showing the Insufficiency thereof in its several particulars, in order to evince the usefulness and necessity of Revelation, vol. 1
George Berkeley – An Essay Towards a New Theory of Vision
Richard Blackmore – Instructions to Vander Beck
Samuel Cobb – The Female Reign
Anthony Ashley Cooper, 3rd Earl of Shaftesbury – (philosophy)
Daniel Defoe – The History of the Union of Great Britain
Charles Gildon – The Golden Spy (satire)
White Kennett – A Vindication of the Church and Clergy of England
William King – Miscellanies in Prose and Verse
John Lawson – A New Voyage to Carolina
Delarivier Manley – The New Atalantis
John Strype – Annals of the Reformation and Establishment of Religion
Jonathan Swift
A Famous Prediction of Merlin
A Project for the Advancement of Religion and the Reformation of Manners ("By a Person of Quality")
A Vindication of Isaac Bickerstaff
William Temple – Memoirs: Part III (ed. Jonathan Swift)
John Trenchard – The Natural History of Superstition
Giambattista Vico – De Nostri Temporis Studiorum Rationae (On the Study Methods of Our Times)
Drama
Anthony Aston – Love in a Hurry
Susanna Centlivre
The Busie Body
The Man's Bewitched
Colley Cibber – The Rival Fools
Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon – Electre
John Dennis – Appius and Virginia
Thomas d'Urfey – The Modern Prophets
Juan Claudio de la Hoz y Mota – José, salvador de Egipto
Charles Johnson – Love and Liberty (not performed)
Alain-René Lesage – Turcaret
Mary Pix – The Adventures in Madrid
Poetry
John Reynolds – Death's Vision Represented in a Philosophical Sacred Poem
Poetical Miscellanies: The Sixth Part (also called Tonson's Miscellanies)
Births
April 14 – Charles Collé, French dramatist (died 1783)
July 24 – James Harris, English grammarian (died 1780)
August 7 – Jean-Jacques Lefranc, Marquis de Pompignan, French polymath, author and poet (died 1784)
August 29 – Jean-Baptiste-Louis Gresset, French poet and dramatist (died 1777)
September 3 – Joan Claudi Peiròt, French writer in Occitan (died 1795)
September 18 – Samuel Johnson, English author, critic, lexicographer and poet (died 1784)
November 1 – Ignatius von Weitenauer, German Jesuit writer, exegete and Orientalist (died 1783)
November 23 – Julien Offray de La Mettrie, French philosopher and physician (died 1751)
December 14 – Caspar Friedrich Hachenberg, German grammarian (died 1793)
unknown dates
Richard Burn, English legal writer (died 1785)
John Bancks, English poet, bookseller and biographer (died 1751)
probable
James Adair, Irish historian (died 1783)
John Armstrong, Scottish poet, satirist and physician (died 1779)
John Cleland, controversial English novelist (died 1789)
Deaths
January – Robert Gould, English poet (born c. 1660)
February 15 – John Philips, English poet (born 1676)
May 17 – Mary Pix, English novelist and dramatist (born 1666)
June 28 – Gustaf Adlerfelt, Swedish military diarist (died in action, born 1671)
June 30 – Edward Lhuyd, Welsh naturalist and antiquary (born 1660)
September 4 – Jean-François Regnard, French poet and dramatist (born 1655)
December 1 – Abraham a Sancta Clara, Austrian theologian (born 1644)
December 3 – Elizabeth Burnet, English religious writer and philanthropist (born 1661)
December 8
Thomas Corneille, French dramatist (born 1625)
Bernadine a Piconio, French theologian and exegete (born 1633)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
Carolina Monserrat Tohá Morales (born 12 May 1965) is a Chilean political scientist and politician from the Party for Democracy (Partido por la Democracia, PPD), currently serving as Minister of the Interior and Public Security. They were previously mayor of Santiago from 2012 to 2016.
Biography
Carolina Tohá is the daughter of the socialist politician José Tohá, who served as Minister of the Interior and Minister of Defence in the government of Salvador Allende, and was tortured and killed by the country's military dictatorship in 1974. Tohá studied law at the University of Chile between 1980 and 1983, and entered politics in 1984, when they participated in the refounding of the University of Chile Student Federation (FECh). They were one of the founders of the PPD in 1987. From 1990, Tohá studied political science at the University of Milan, where they obtained a Ph.D. in 1994.
In 2000–2001, during the presidency of Ricardo Lagos, Tohá served as Undersecretary General of Government. They were elected to the Chamber of Deputies for Santiago in 2001, and was re-elected in 2005. On 12 March 2009, Tohá replaced Francisco Vidal in the Ministry General Secretariat of Government, becoming the first woman to hold that post in the country's history. Them congress seat became vacant and was later taken by Felipe Harboe, as both positions are incompatible with each other in times of peace. On 14 December 2009, they left their government post to lead Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle's presidential run-off campaign. In 2010, Tohá was elected president of the PPD. On 28 October 2012, they were elected mayor of Santiago by an absolute majority, ending the right's 12-year rule over the municipality. In 2016, they lost the election to Felipe Alessandri. After their term as mayor ended, they taught urban planning at the University of Chile.
On 6 September 2022, Tohá replaced Izkia Siches as Minister of the Interior and Public Security in the cabinet of Gabriel Boric, after a cabinet reshuffle following the rejection of the proposed new constitution in the 2022 Chilean national plebiscite.
Personal life
Tohá is married (though currently estranged) to Fulvio Rossi, a physician and deputy for the Socialist Party. They have two children from an earlier partner.
Controversies
Irregular financing from SQM
In May 2016, the Chilean Prosecutor's Office began to investigate irregular financing from Sociedad Química y Minera (SQM) – a chemical company whose largest shareholder is Julio Ponce Lerou, a former son-in-law of Augusto Pinochet – to the PPD through false vouchers issued by the foundation Chile Ambiente, which was controlled by the PPD member Patricio Rodrigo. The funding ocurred between 2011 and 2012, when Tohá was president of the PPD, and made possible the transfer of 57 million Chilean pesos to the party.
On 15 May, they declared in a press release: "I would like to clarify that, as president of the PPD, the financing arrangements that I supported were attached to the law […]. I did not ask Patricio Rodrigo, neither directly nor indirectly, any matter related to the party's financing." Nevertheless, on 22 May, their declarations were questioned, because it was reported that in 2011 they had signed a certificate to the Electoral Service to register Chile Ambiente as a party's political formation institute, enabling the body to receive donations to the PPD.
References
External links
Biography from the Chilean Congress Library
1965 births
Living people
Chilean people of Spanish descent
Chilean Ministers of the Interior
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Mayors of Santiago
Chilean Ministers Secretary General of Government
Party for Democracy (Chile) politicians
University of Chile faculty
University of Chile alumni
University of Milan alumni
Chilean political scientists
Women mayors of places in Chile
Women government ministers of Chile
Women members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Women political scientists
Panaspis duruarum is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in Cameroon.
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 1949
Reptiles of Cameroon
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Taxa named by Albert Monard
Colleen is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It was originally named Cabellsville. From 1761, Colleen was the first seat of government of the original Amherst County, when the county court first met at Henry Key's home near this central location in the newly-formed county and ordered William Cabell to survey the line dividing it from the former Albemarle County. The new courthouse was erected on Lunsford Lomax's land by March 1762. In 1807, Virginia's legislature formed Nelson County, so the county seat had to be relocated. The Amherst County judges met at New Glasgow (sometimes called Cabellsburg) and ordered a new courthouse built nearby. That frame courthouse was finished in 1810 and replaced by the current courthouse in 1870. Meanwhile, the Nelson County seat was transferred to Lovingston, and a courthouse built in 1809.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The rivière à Lacaille (in English: Lacaille River) is a tributary of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. This watercourse flows in the municipalities of Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud and Montmagny, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière à Lacaille was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
The Crittenden County Courthouse is located at 85 Jackson Street in Marion, Arkansas, United States, the county seat of Crittenden County. It is a two-story brick and stone structure, nine bays wide and seven deep, with a dome centered on its otherwise flat roof. The north and south elevations, identical in appearance, feature porticos supported by six Ionic columns framing the center five bays. The frieze on each portico is inscribed "Obedience to the law is liberty". The courthouse was designed by the Chamberlain architectural firm of Fort Worth, Texas, and was built in 1911, replacing the county's second courthouse, which was destroyed by fire in 1909.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crittenden County, Arkansas
References
Government buildings completed in 1910
Buildings and structures in Marion, Arkansas
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
County courthouses in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Crittenden County, Arkansas
Diversions is a 1987 album (LP Vinyl) released by the California State University, Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble, it featured the Charles Richard Suite for Jazz Orchestra which was premiered by Dave Edwards earlier that year. This group proved to be one of the finest college jazz orchestras of that era with having placed in the finals of the Pacific Coast Collegiate Jazz Festival. The jazz band had numerous student musicians that have made a name for themselves as professionals to include Sharon Hirata, Luis Bonilla, Jack Cooper, Charlie Richard, Eric "Bobo" Correa, Vince Dublino, Alan Parr, and José Arellano.
Background
In 1984 and 1985 the California State University, Los Angeles Music Department and CSULA Associated Students decided to fund LP recordings of the jazz ensemble to better serve as a teaching tool for student music, jazz groups. Diversions is the third of six albums to come from CSULA during the 1980s featuring the award winning CSULA #1 Jazz Ensemble. The LP contains tracks from the #1 CSULA Jazz Ensemble to include compositions of four students and from the director (professor David Caffey). The group was fortunate enough to have the assistance or both George Stone on piano for the recording and world-class saxophonist Dave Edwards who premiered Charlie Richard's work earlier that academic year.
The qualities of the LP that set it apart from numerous university jazz records of that era is the fact it was entirely written and composed by the students and faculty of CSULA at such a high level; also this being the third LP in a row CSULA had done this.
There has been a consistent tradition of musicians coming from the CSULA program who have worked with major musical acts, on major studio and movie projects, and hold positions in higher education in music. The roster on this album is self-evident as to the diversity and level of student musicians CSULA developed at that time and has for many years dating far back to musicians (graduates) such as Lennie Niehaus and Gabe Baltazar.
Track listing
Recording Sessions
Recorded: May 16, 17, and 22, 1987, Sage and Sound Recording, Hollywood, California
Mixing: June 10, 15, 29, 1987, Sage and Sound Recording, Hollywood, California
Personnel
Musicians
Conductor: David Caffey
Saxes and woodwinds: Charlie Richard, Sharon Hirata, Jack Cooper, Scott Ackerman, Randall Willis
Trumpets and flugelhorns: Simon Austin, Alan Parr, Monty Montgomery, Chris Mauger, Jim Bynum
Trombones: Gary Smith, Luis Bonilla, Jose Arellano, Rick Acosta
Tuba: Dr. John Swain
Guitar: John Taylor
Piano: George Stone, Robert Gutierrez
Vibraphone and marimba: Cory Estrada
Bass: Mark Tavarez
Drums: Vince Dublino
Percussion: Eric "Bobo" Correa
Production
Recording engineers: Jim Mooney, Bob Kinsey, and Jerry Wood
Mixing engineers: Jim Mooney and David Caffey
Mastering: K Disc
Cover art: Randy Piland
References
External links
Diversions at Allmusic Guide
1987 albums
California State University, Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble albums
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C15H11ClN2O2}}
The molecular formula C15H11ClN2O2 (molar mass: 286.71 g/mol) may refer to:
Demoxepam
Oxazepam
Molecular formulas
Thee Faction are a British garage rock/garage punk band from Surrey, England, noted for their explicit socialist agenda. They refer to their music, which incorporates elements of garage rock, pop and rhythm and blues as "Socialist RnB". Their album Up The Workers! was rated one of the [[Daily Mirror|Daily Mirror'''s]] top twenty albums of 2011.
Biography
Thee Faction's debut album At Ebbw Vale was released in 2010. Dubbed 'rhythm and booze' and 'timely' by Simon Price in The Independent it was rated 8/10 in Vive Le Rock. Is This Music? praised the record, comparing the band to Dr. Feelgood.
Second album Up The Workers! or, Capitalism is Good For Corporations That's Why You've Been Told Socialism is Bad All Your Life was described by the Daily Mirror as "Power-packed garage rock 'n' soul underlined by a defiantly political edge." The title track featured Ivan Chandler (The Echoes) on piano. The album was rated 7/10 by Drowned in Sound who praised it as "a lot of fun, undeniably stirring.. Thee Faction write showstoppers" but also criticised the music as "entertaining in a very conventional way".
The band's third album Singing Down The Government, or, The War of Position and How We're Winning It, was released in 2012, and introduced all-female horn section Brass Kapital. The album was promoted by headlining appearances at the Marxism Festival and Tolpuddle Martyrs festival and included contributions by Richard Archer from Hard-Fi and rapper Clencha. Free download-only singles for tracks 'Soapbox' and 'Sausage Machine' were accompanied by promotional videos. Q Magazine praised the album as "a critique of societal hegemony on the back of a grimy blues'n'b twang, rife with the contagious energy of people who know they're right", and it was rated 7/10 by Mick Farren in Classic Rock Blues magazine.
Thee Faction released fourth album Good Politics: Your Role As An Active Citizen Within Civil Society in 2013, preceded by single 'Better Than Wages', remixed from the album by Andy Lewis. The album featured (on one track each) guest vocals from writer Francis Wheen and saxophone from Crayola Lectern, and was rated 8/10 in Classic Rock and 4/5 in The Independent and Mojo who called it "wildly galvanising, blisteringly angry, insanely entertaining blue-collar rock'n'roll".
Thee Faction released fifth album Reading Writing Revolution: The Tendency of the Rate of Profit to Fall in June 2015, preceded by a track on double-CD fundraising album Orgreave Justice and free download single "Choose Your Enemy", released on 29 March with accompanying video. A second free download single "(You've Got The) Numbers (Why Don't You Use It)" accompanied the release. The album received 5/5 in the Morning Star, 9/10 at MaximumVolumeMusic, and a positive review in Socialist Standard, while R*E*P*E*A*T zine called it "highly enjoyable, dangerously tuneful, subversively catchy and dialectically danceable, as well as being (as the title implies) properly educational - thought provoking and agitational." The band announced a number of summer festival dates, including Glastonbury, and a return to Tolpuddle and the Matchwomens Festival.
Thee Faction guitarist Babyface, under cadre name "Chris Fox", won the Beard Liberation Front's 'St David's Day Beard of Wales' title in 2015, 2017 and 2018. They were runner-up in 2016.
Thee Faction keyboard player and vocalist Kassandra Krossing, aka Cassie Fox, started the LOUD WOMEN organisation and festival in 2015. They also now plays bass in noted "mummycore" band I, Doris, along with Thee Faction trombonist Nineteen Nineteen.
Thee Faction's most recent gig to date was a 2017 benefit show for the anti-Haringey Development Vehicle campaign. The band has not officially confirmed a hiatus, although a slogan on one of their web-pages, "R&B sui generis", may indicate that, like other left-wing groups, they have gone into the Labour Party.
Politics
The band have performed with, and for, various artists and organisations of the broad Left including Attila the Stockbroker, Robb Johnson, Chris T-T, Grace Petrie, Colour Me Wednesday, The Tuts, Billy Bragg, TV Smith, The Hurriers, Mark Steel, Josie Long, the SWP, the Welsh Communist Party and the Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party leadership campaign.
The band appear to be unaligned with any particular organisation or tradition but are noted for promoting ideas associated with guild socialism, democratic socialism, classical Marxism and left communism, while supporting a range of left-wing and trade union causes. Notwithstanding the band's use of Ostalgic tropes and apparent (possibly parodic) anti-revisionism, in a 2013 interview they declared themselves "libertarian socialists of one kind or another". Thee Faction have however attracted criticism for their political views; notably, a 2012 gig review by Ruth Dudley Edwards for The Daily Telegraph angered the newspaper's Conservative readership.
Discography
AlbumsAt Ebbw Vale LP/CD (Soviet Beret, 2010)Up the Workers! or, Capitalism Is Good for Corporations That's Why You've Been Told Socialism Is Bad All Your Life CD (Soviet Beret, 2011)Singing Down the Government, or, The War of Position and How We're Winning It CD (Soviet Beret, 2012) Good Politics: Your Role as an Active Citizen in Civil Society CD (Soviet Beret, 2013)Reading Writing Revolution: The Tendency of the Rate of Profit to Fall CD (Soviet Beret, 2015)
Singles/EPsBetter Than Wages (remix) CD [promo single]Songs To Remind the Class of the Glorious Victory to Come and the Work That Must Be Done to Get There CD EP (Soviet Beret, 2013) [ft. Attila The Stockbroker and Judy Dyble]
Compilation appearances
"Deft Left" on Now Hear This 103 (The Word) (CD) 2011
"Relentless" (Judy Dyble with Thee Faction) on Judy Dyble - Gathering The Threads (3CD) 2015
"Police State" on Orgreave Justice (2CD) 2015
"Rent Strike" on Don't Be Left Without Us'' (2CD) 2016
Members
Current members
Billy Brentford – vocals (2010–present)
Dai Nasty – drums (2010–present)
Nylons – face-melting guitar (2010–present)
Babyface – guitar, polemic (2010–present)
Kassandra Krossing – vocals, organ of truth (2010–present)
Thee Citizen – bass and superstructure (2012–present)
Red Scare – trumpet (2011–present)
Nineteen Nineteen – the 'bone of contention (2011–present)
The Ol' One Hand – saxophone (2015–present)
Former members
Horace Hardman – bass (2010–2011)
The G.A. – saxophone (2011–2015)
Live members
Bert 'iggins – Welsh harp
Charley Marx – auxiliary guitar
Jenny Marx – auxiliary drums
References
External links
Thee Faction website
Thee Faction bandcamp
Reviews
At Ebbw Vale review
Louder Than War review
Up The Workers review
Singing Down The Government review
Review in Morning Star
Morning Star live review
God Is In The TV live review
Reading Writing Revolution, Socialist Standard
Interviews
Interview by Jack Monroe
ISN interview
Thee Faction on class
2015 interview
Interview by Rock n Reel
Louder Than War interview
English punk rock groups
Garage punk groups
British garage rock groups
British socialists
Political music groups
Musical advocacy groups
Musical groups from Surrey
Underground punk scene in the United Kingdom
Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy (born 13 November 1949 in Vijayawada) is a Telugu writer known for writing thriller plots.
Writings
Murthy wrote many novels and short stories. The film Jyothi Lakshmi (2015) is based on one of their novels, Mrs. Parankusam.
Phani Ramachandra made three Kannada movies based on their novels: Ganeshana Maduve, Gauri Ganesha, and Nanendu Nimmavane. Their movie Ganesha I Love You had core plot elements adapted from the novel Rendu Rella Aaru.
Novels
Adigo Puli (thriller)
Anaganaga Oka Atidhi
Andamina Jeevitam
Bluff Master
The Guest
Yamaya Namaha
Adyatmika Chinna Kathalu
Chantabbai (comedy novel): Made into Telugu movie Chantabbai
Colonel Ekalingam Adventures Parts 1, 2 & 3 (comedy)
D For Death (thriller)
Death certificate (thriller)
Dongaata (thriller)
Dabbevariki Chedu (thriller) - made into Telugu movie of same name
Daivam Vaipu (spiritual articles)
Dharma Yudham (thriller)
Enthentha Dooram (comedy novel)
F.I.R (thriller)
Jayam (spiritual novel)
Kanabaduta ledu (thriller)
A AA E EE (spiritual essays)
Lupica Raani & Athadu Aame
Mandakini
Matlade Bomma (thriller)
Misses Parankusam - made into Telugu movie Jyothi Lakshmi
Parm jyothi (spiritual novel)
Rendu Rella Aaru - made into Telugu movie Rendu Rella Aaru and the core plot element adapted in the Kannada movie Ganesha I Love You
Saavirahe
Mr V (Thriller) - made into Telugu movie -Jhansi Rani
Mr No (thriller)
Samudrapu Dongalu (thriller)
Mudduku Mude Mullanta
Mungita Mrutyuvu (thriller)
Nattalostunnai Jagratta (fantasy)
Ninnati Punnami (family novel)
Nivaali (thriller)
Oka Nuvvu-Oka Nenu
O Manchi Maata (spiritual articles)
Paripoina Kaidheelu (thriller)
Padamata Sandya Raagam
Bali Korina Vajralu (thriller)
Practical Joker (thriller)
Punnami (thriller)
Rakshasa Samharam (thriller)
Shh gup chup (thriller) - made into a Telugu movie of same name
Saddam Aunti Inti Katha (thriller)
Bhaja Govindam - a treatise on Bhaja Govindam bt Adi Sankaracharya
Sanivaram Naadi (thriller)
Sorry! Wrong Number (thriller)
Teneteega - made into Telugu movie Teneteega
Tadanki the third (thriller)
Touch Me not
O My God (spiritual articles)
Uncle Sam (thriller)
Vaikunta Yatra (thriller)
The End (thriller)
Green Ccard (thriller)
Sadguru Nitya Nanda Baba
Peddalaku Maatrame (comedy) - made into a Telugu movie Srivari Shobanam (1985)
Lavanya
Airhostess (thriller)
Repo Maapo Pellanta - made into Telugu movie Vichitram (1999)
Kotta Satruvu (fantasy)
Uncle Sam (thriller)
Ee Ganta Gadisthe Chalu (thriller)
Vinayaka Rao Pelli (Comedy) - made into Kannada movie Ganeshana Maduve
Yamadoota (thriller)
Chivari Korika) (thriller)
Villain (thriller)
Vidhata (spiritual novel)
Repati Koduku - made into Telugu movie of same name and an inspiration for: Kannada movie Nanendu Nimmavane; Malayalam movie Minnaram; Hindi movie Hungama 2; Tamil movie Penne Née Vazhga; and Tamil movie Azhagana Naatkal.
Dooram (romance) - narrated through letters only
Mr Miriyam (novel) - told through jokes only
Neeku Naku Pellanta - made into Telugu movie of same name (1988)
Ide, Na Nyayam! - made in Tamil and dubbed in Telugu as Dharma Yuddham
Vitamin M (comedy) - made into Telugu movie Chakrapani and Lucky Chance
Wedding Bells (comedy) - made into Kannada movie Gauri Ganesha, remade in Telugu as Golmaal Govindam and in Tamil as Kumbakonam Gopalu
Joke books
Navvula Ravvalu
Drinking jokes
Chirunavvuku chirunaama
Jokulaasthami
Neade navvandi
Smile please
Chidvilaasam
Haasyaanadam
Travelogues
Travelogue America
Travelogue Europe (1989)
Travelogue America (1990)
Travelogue Singapore
Himalayam-Mahimaalayam (Travelogue of Char Dham Spiritual Yaatra) (2004)
Americalo marosaari (2008)
Narmada Parikrama (Spiritual tour around Narmada river) (2009)
Travelogue Dubai, Turkey and Greece (2011)
Travelogue Eastern Europe (2011)
Travelogue China (2013)
Travelogue Japan (2015)
Travelogue Jordan & Egypt (2015)
Travelogue Mexico (2013)
Travelogue Spain & Portugal (2014)
Short story collections
Kathakali - each story less than 500 words
Kathakeli - each story less than 500 words
Sagatu Manushulu
Mrutyvaagadu
Premiste Emavutundi
Akshara Silpulu
Nerasthulu
Malladi Kathalu
Neeti Leni Manushulu
Translated short story collections
American Crime Stories
Videsi Kathalu
Mystery Stories
Murder Stories
Mini Crime Kathalu
Manmadha Baanaalu
Chaavuki Chirunaama
Literary autobiographies
Jarigina Katha
Navala Venuka Katha
Sources
Telugu writers
1949 births
Living people
Andhra University alumni
Writers from Vijayawada
The Yalqut Reubeni (Collection of Reuben) is a 17th-century collection of midrashim by Rabbi Reuben Hoschke Kohen first printed at Prague in 1660. The collection includes expansions of Rabbinical legends such as concerning Jannes and Jambres, Lilith, and so on.
References
Kabbalah
1660 books
Svätá Zvrhlosť ("Depravity of The Pious") is the first official album of Slovak thrash metal band Majster Kat, released on October 24, 2007 on the Panda Music label.
Review
Musical description
The album contains 12 tracks. The CD attracts by frequent changing of moods. It contains fast thrash metal songs with melodic lines as well as atmospheric instrumental songs with acoustic guitar passages.
Lyrical themes
All lyrics are in Slovak and concern the absurdity of the inquisition era and inhumanity of armed conflicts.
Track listing
"Zapáľte ohne" (Music: Los, Lukáš/Lyrics: Slymák)
"Pod gilotínou" (Music: Los, Tapyr/Lyrics: Slymák)
"Kat" (Music: Los, Gabo /Lyrics: Slymák)
"Tieň minulosti" (Music: Los /Lyrics: Slymák)
"Pád" (Music: Gabo, Los /Lyrics: Slymák)
"Večný odpočinok" (Music: Los)
"Smutný odkaz" (Music: Los, Lukáš /Lyrics: Slymák)
"V údolí včiel" (Music: Gabo, Los /Lyrics: Slymák)
"Vláda šakalov" (Music: Los, Gabo /Lyrics: Slymák)
"Začiatok konca" (Music: Gabo, Los)
"Posledný deň" (Music: Los, Gabo /Lyrics: Slymák)
"Toľko nevinných..." (Music: Los)
Personnel
Slymák - vocals
Los - lead guitar, backing vocals
Lukáš - guitar
Tapyr - bass, backing vocals
Bubonix - drums
External links
www.majsterkat.sk - The official site of Majster Kat.
Review of the Svätá Zvrhlosť album on METAL REVIEWS
2007 debut albums
Majster Kat albums
The Black Velvet Gown is a 1991 ITV television film, based on the 1984 novel by Catherine Cookson, and starring Janet McTeer, Geraldine Somerville, and Bob Peck. It won an International Emmy for Best Drama.
The film was produced by World Wide International Production for Tyne Tees Television.
Cast
Janet McTeer as Riah Millican
Geraldine Somerville as Biddy Millican
Bob Peck as Percival Miller
Brendan P. Healy as Tol Briston
Jean Anderson as Madame Gallmington
Christopher Benjamin as Anthony Gallmington
Wendy Williams as Grace Gallmington
David Hunt as Laurence Gallmington
Jonathan Firth as Paul Gallmington
Louise Lombard as Lucy Gallmington
References
External links
1991 television films
1991 films
Films based on British novels
ITV television dramas
Television series by ITV Studios
1991 drama films
International Emmy Award for Drama winners
Television shows set in County Durham
Television shows produced by Tyne Tees Television
1990s English-language films
1990s British films
British drama television films
Sijtje Antje Agatha Johanna Aafjes was a Dutch painter, draftswoman, and illustrator, mainly of children's books.
Aafjes was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands on 22 August 1893. Them parents were Margje van der Heijden (1871–1934) and Anthonius Pieter Aafjes (1864–1934). They had one older sister named Jo (1891–1972).
They began working as a kindergarten teacher around age 20. In 1919, they worked in Katendrecht at the Openbare Bewaarschool aan de Tolhuisstraat. During their time teaching, they became a self-taught artist, making paintings and illustrations.
Aafjes' earlier works were signed with their full name, and later they signed using the monogram "SA". They illustrated children's books, postcards, and book jackets. They illustrated two self-written children's books, Voor broertjes en zusjes (1921), and Wie leest en kijkt mee, de versjes en prentjes van't ABC (1923). Between 1930 and 1933, they were an illustrator of Kie-ke-boe, a youth magazine.
They were mentored by the artist Berhardina Midderigh-Bokhorst, whom Aafjes was introduced to by a publisher. They also studied anatomy under .
Aafjes died in Rotterdam on 16 April 1972, at age 78. Them work is held in the collections of the Rijksmuseum, Museum Meermanno, and Literatuurmuseum (originally the Letterkundig Museum).
References
1893 births
1972 deaths
20th-century Dutch women artists
Artists from Amsterdam
Dutch illustrators
Dutch women illustrators
Dutch children's book illustrators
Ulrich Mosel (born Febr. 8, 1943 in Hannover, Germany) is a German theoretical physicist, professor emeritus at Justus-Liebig-Universität Giessen, Germany
Ulrich Mosel studied Mathematics and Physics at the J.W. Goethe University at Frankfurt a.M., Germany, from 1962 - 1968. They finished their studies with a degree of 'Diplom Physiker' in 1967. After that they worked with Walter Greiner and received their PhD in Physics in 1968 with a thesis entitled "Investigation of collective potential energy surfaces of nuclei: superheavy nuclei". At that time they worked on a theoretical description of the structure of heavy and superheavy nuclei.
In early 1970 they went to the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. From there they moved in 1971 to the University of Washington in Seattle. During this time they worked on a theoretical description of nuclear fission. In 1972 they were appointed as Full Professor for Theoretical Physics at the Justus-Liebig-Universität Giessen, Germany. In 1980/81 and in 1993/1994 they served as chairperson of the Physics Department. They became a Professor emeritus in April 2011. During their time at Giessen 9 professors and 47 PhDs in physics emerged from their group.
During their time at Giessen they were Visiting Scientist at Argonne National Laboratory and Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. They were also Guest Professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, and the Michigan State University and the University of Washington. From 1982 - 88 they were a member of the Scientific Council of GSI Darmstadt and from 1997 - 2001 in its Program Advisory Committee. At that time they also headed the Division of Nuclear and Hadron Physics of the German Physical Society. From 1995-2001 they were Chairman of the COSY PAC and from 1997 - 2000 they were Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board for Hadron and Nuclear Physics of the German Federal Ministry for Science and Technology.
Their early work centered on the structure of heavy and superheavy nuclei. Following that were studies of nuclear physics with an emphasis on the fission mass distributions within the two-center shell model. In 1976 they published the first microscopical calculation of the gas-liquid phase transition of nuclear matter. Later on self-consistent studies of nuclear rotational states followed, with an emphasis on magnetic moments as indicators for rotational alignment. Around 1990 Ulrich Mosel started to work with quantum-kinetic transport theory. This work mainly concentrated on particle production in relativistic heavy-ion collisions. One results of these studies was (together with Volker Metag) the prediction of the formation of resonance matter in such collisions and the investigation of in-medium properties of hadrons These calculations were later on extended to photo- and electro-nuclear processes on nuclei and, finally, on neutrino-interactions with nuclei. From the latter studies the neutrino event generator GiBUU emerged.
Ulrich Mosel is Fellow of the American Physical Society (1987) und Honorary Citizen of the State of Tennessee (1970)
Books
Fields, Symmetries and Quarks, 2nd ed, Springer 1999
Path Integrals in Field Theory. Springer, 2004; Repr: Science Press, China, 2007
References
All publications
Publications from Google Scholar
External links
(Most of this article is a revised translation from the German Wikipedia )
Living people
1943 births
Scientists from Hanover
Theoretical physicists
University of Giessen faculty
Goethe University Frankfurt alumni
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Nasir El Kasmi (born 2 October 1982) is a retired German-Moroccan footballer who played as a midfielder. They made two appearances for the Morocco national team.
Career
El Kasmi was born in Wuppertal, Germany. They spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Bayer 04 Leverkusen and MSV Duisburg they only played in league games for Duisburg, however, playing in one DFB-Ligapokal game for Bayer). They also hold German citizenship.
References
External links
Living people
1982 births
Association football midfielders
Moroccan footballers
Morocco international footballers
Bayer 04 Leverkusen players
Bayer 04 Leverkusen II players
MSV Duisburg players
Holstein Kiel players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
German people of Moroccan descent
The Jewish community of Oslo et al. v. Norway (Communication No. 30/2003) was a case decided by the UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in 2005.
The case involved an antisemitic speech given during a march in commemoration of the Nazi leader Rudolf Hess. The Supreme Court of Norway acquitted the giver of the speech, and found that penalizing approval of Nazism would involve prohibiting Nazi organizations, which it considered would go too far and be incompatible with the right to freedom of speech.
Afterwards the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination found that the acquittal by the Supreme Court of Norway was a violation of article 4 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. As such, the UN Committee found that the speaker's comments contained ideas of racial superiority and hatred, making the speech "exceptionally offensive" and not protected by the right to freedom of expression.
Background and case results
In 2000, a group known as the "Bootboys" organized a march in commemoration of Rudolf Hess, near Oslo. There was an antisemitic speech by the march's leader Terje Sjølie, the Nazi salute was made and "Sieg Heil" shouted.
Some witnesses filed a complaint with the police, and Sjølie was charged with a violation of section 135a of the Norwegian Penal Code (threatening, insulting, or subjecting to hatred, persecution or contempt, any person or group of persons because of their creed, race, color or national or ethnic origin).
Sjølie was initially acquitted by the Halden City Court, then convicted by the Borgarting Court of Appeal. They were finally acquitted again by the Supreme Court in an 11-6 decision on 17 December 2002.
The Supreme Court of Norway found that penalizing approval of Nazism would involve prohibiting Nazi organizations, which it considered would go too far and be incompatible with the right to freedom of speech. The majority held that the speech contained derogatory and offensive remarks, but that no actual threats were made, nor any instructions to carry out any particular actions.
CERD proceedings and opinion
On 17 June 2003, representatives of the Jewish community and the Norwegian Antiracist Centre filed a communication before CERD.
On 9 March 2005, the Committee declared the communication admissible.
On 15 August 2005, it delivered the decision. The Committee reaffirmed that the prohibition of all ideas based upon racial superiority or hatred is compatible with the right to freedom of opinion and expression and concluded that the statements of Mr. Sjolie , given that they were of exceptionally/manifestly offensive character, are not protected by the due regard clause, and that accordingly their acquittal by the Supreme Court of Norway gave rise to a violation of article 4, and consequently article 6, of the Convention (Para 10.5).
Significant conclusions include also that the deference to Hitler and their principles and 'footsteps' must in the Committee's view be taken as incitement at least to racial discrimination, if not to violence (Para 10.4).
With the trial, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination found that the statements in question "ideas based upon racial superiority or hatred," and that "the deference to Hitler and their principles and 'footsteps' must ...be taken as incitement at least to racial discrimination, if not to violence. As such, the "exceptionally/manifestly offensive" statements were not protected by the due regard clause. It found as such, that the acquittal by the Supreme Court of Norway was a violation of article 4 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
Adopted standard
The standard adopted for determining who qualifies as a 'victim' for the purposes of seeking relief was broad in the case, with the Human Rights Committee and the Committee for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination disagreeing as to the exact scope of the standard. The standard established by the Human Rights Committee in 2003 has "also been adopted by the European Court of Human Rights."
References
External links
CERD/C/67/D/30/2003 - CERD decision
CERD decision
Antisemitism in Norway
Free speech case law
Human rights in Norway
Jewish Norwegian history
Jews and Judaism in Oslo
Antisemitic attacks and incidents in Europe
The S40 is a regional railway line of the S-Bahn Zürich on the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV), Zürich transportation network, in the cantons of Schwyz, St. Gallen and Zürich.
Route
The line runs from Einsiedeln (SZ) and heads, crossing the Seedamm, for Rapperswil (SG); it is operated by the Südostbahn (SOB).
Stations
Einsiedeln
Biberbrugg
Schindellegi-Feusisberg
Samstagern
Riedmatt
Wollerau
Wilen bei Wollerau
Freienbach SOB
Pfäffikon SZ
Hurden
Rapperswil
Rolling stock
All services use Südostbahn rolling stock.
Scheduling
The train frequency is usually 30 minutes, and the trip takes 37 minutes.
See also
Rail transport in Switzerland
Trams in Zürich
References
ZVV official website: Routes & zones
Zürich S-Bahn lines
Transport in the canton of St. Gallen
Transport in the canton of Zürich
Canton of Schwyz
Ernst Dubbink (born 9 November 1988) is a Dutch motorcycle racer. They won the ONK Dutch 125cc Championship in 2007 and the ONK Dutch Moto3 Championship in 2014. They race in the ADAC Northern Europe Moto3 Cup aboard a Honda NSF250R.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1988 births
Dutch motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Jacob Jusu Saffa is a Sierra Leonean politician serving as Chief Minister of Sierra Leone since 30 April 2021.
Saffa holds a Bachelor of Science (honours) degree in economics from Fourah Bay College, University of Sierra Leone and a Master of Arts degree in Economic Development and Planning from the Institute for Economic Development and Planning (IDEP) of the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in Dakar, Senegal.
From 2005 to 2011, Saffa was the National Secretary General of the Sierra Leone People's Party.
Other activities
African Development Bank (AfDB), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
ECOWAS Bank for Investment and Development (EBID), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Chief Ministers of Sierra Leone
Lepidodactylus guppyi, also known commonly as the Solomons scaly-toed gecko or Guppy's gecko, is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to islands in the southwestern Pacific Ocean.
Etymology
The specific name, guppyi, is in honor of British botanist Henry Brougham Guppy.
Geographic range
L. guppyi is found in the Bismarck Archipelago, the Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu.
Reproduction
L. guppyi is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1884). "Diagnoses of new Reptiles and Batrachians from the Solomon Islands, collected and presented to the British Museum by H. B. Guppy, Esq., H.M.S. ‘Lark' ". Proc. Zool. Soc. London 1884: 210–213. (Lepidodactylus guppyi, new species, p. 210).
Boulenger GA (1885). Catalogue of the Lizards in the British Museum (Natural History). Second Edition. Volume I., Geckonidæ ... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xii + 436 pp. + Plates I-XXXII. (Lepidodactylus guppyi, pp. 166–167).
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1884
Dinan (, also Romanized as Dīnān; also known as Ākhā) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. As of its 2006 census, its population was 77 across 24 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
not to be confused with the Ben Jonson play Volpone.
Volponi (foaled 1998 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by trainer Philip G. Johnson's family operation, Amherst Stable, they were sired by Florida Derby winner Cryptoclearance. Their dam, Prom Knight, was a daughter of the 1987 Irish Derby winner Sir Harry Lewis, who was a son of the great French runner Alleged, who won back-to-back editions of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
In 2002, Volponi earned the most important win of their career when they won the Breeders' Cup Classic by 6½ lengths, the largest margin in the race's history. In winning the Classic, Volponi overcame odds of 44-to-1 to beat an outstanding field that included runner-up Medaglia d'Oro, Milwaukee Brew, Evening Attire, Macho Uno, Hawk Wing, War Emblem, and Harlan's Holiday, among others. Their longshot victory inadvertently exposed the largest betting scandal in the United States in a century.
At age five, Volponi made eight starts in 2003 without a win but had five seconds and two third-place finishes. Retired to stud duty, their offspring have met with limited success in racing. At the end of 2005, they were sent to KRA Jeju Stud Farm in South Korea. To date, their best runner in terms of career earnings is daughter Clearly Foxy, who won the 2007 Grade III Natalma Stakes.
Pedigree
References
Volponi's pedigree and partial racing stats
Volponi's complete race record
Volponi at the Thoroughbred Times Interactive Stallion Directory
1998 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Breeders' Cup Classic winners
Thoroughbred family 16-f
Henry Reginald Yorke (30 October 180326 September 1871) was Archdeacon of Huntington from 22 March 1856 to 16 March 1870.
The son of Joseph Sydney Yorke, they were born in Bursledon, educated at St John's College, Cambridge and ordained in 1827. They held incumbencies at Aspenden and Wimpole; was a JP for Cambridgeshire; and a Canon at Ely Cathedral from 1859 until their death; they were granted, with their brother's succession to the peerage (in 1834), the style and precedence of the younger son of an earl.
Their brother (Charles Yorke, 4th Earl of Hardwicke) was a British naval commander and Conservative politician; and their brother-in-law — Robert Cooper Lee Bevan — an eminent banker.
References
1803 births
People from Bursledon
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Archdeacons of Huntingdon
1871 deaths
Joseph Madison High (1855–1906) was the founder of Atlanta department store J.M. High Company. Their wife, Harriet "Hattie" Harwell Wilson High (1862–1932), donated their family's mansion on Peachtree Street to house the museum that has grown into the High Museum of Art, Atlanta's foremost art museum.
Madison was from Morgan County, Georgia. They started their first business in Madison, Georgia, forming the firm of High & Berney. They later moved to Atlanta for greater opportunity, where they partnered with E. D. Herring to open up a dry goods store at 40 Whitehall Street (now Peachtree St. SE). A new store opened at 50 Whitehall in 1882. In 1884 High bought out Herring and renamed the firm J. M. High & Co.
In 1882 High married Harriet Harwell Wilson.
In 1887 High's department store opened a new location on the west side of Whitehall. By 1889 High was able to buy the southwest corner of Whitehall and Hunter (now King Blvd.) and erect a four-story brick building with an ornate interior for their department store.
In 1906 High died. but the store continued doing business.
References
Businesspeople from Atlanta
1855 births
1906 deaths
People from Morgan County, Georgia
19th-century American businesspeople
The Danube Expressway or Galați–Brăila Expressway () is an expressway under construction in the south-eastern part of Romania, that will probably be labelled as the DEx6. It will link the cities of Galați and Brăila, be long and serve as an alternative to the existing two-lane DN22B () road.
Under construction as of 2021, the expressway is being built by the Romanian company Spedition UMB with scheduled opening in 2023, costing 371 million lei. It is part of the series of major infrastructure projects planned within the proposed Danube metropolitan area, which includes a bridge over the Danube river in Brăila.
See also
Roads in Romania
Transport in Romania
References
Proposed roads in Romania
Expressways in Romania
The Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria is a government position in the state of Victoria, Australia, acting as a deputy to the Governor of Victoria. When the governor is out of the state, the lieutenant-governor acts as the governor. This office has often been held concurrently by the Chief Justice of Victoria.
History
Prior to the separation of the colony of Victoria from New South Wales in 1851, the area was called the Port Phillip District of New South Wales. The Governor of New South Wales appointed superintendents of the District. In 1839, Captain Charles La Trobe was appointed superintendent. La Trobe became Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria on Victoria's separation from New South Wales on 1 July 1851. On Victoria obtaining responsible government in May 1855, the title of the then incumbent lieutenant-governor, Captain Sir Charles Hotham, became the Governor of Victoria.
When Victoria became a state, the letters patent provided for a lieutenant-governor, but the office was not filled. Instead, following the practice in New South Wales, the Chief Justice of Victoria acted as the governor when required. This changed on 6 November 1886, when Sir William Stawell, the outgoing Chief Justice, was appointed lieutenant governor. The conferring of honors on retiring dignitaries was a common practice in the UK at the time. After their death in 1889, the position again became vacant until Sir John Madden was appointed lieutenant-governor on 10 June 1899. They had already acted as governor by virtue of being Chief Justice, but in line with Stawell's precedent, their direct appointment as lieutenant-governor superseded the administrative power of the Chief Justice.
List of lieutenant-governors of Victoria
References
External links
Official Website of the Governor of Victoria
Victoria
The 130 K 90-60 is a Finnish towed 130 mm coastal artillery piece, manufactured in the 1980s by Vammas.
History
The development process for the 130 K 90-60 began in 1960 when the Finnish company Tampella presented their concept of a new 122 mm gun for the Finnish Army. This gun was called 122 K 60. It was a sound concept, but quite a heavy gun. It was only ordered in small numbers and it was never part of the war-time inventory.
15 guns were later modified by Vammas in the late 1980s, giving it a 130 mm calibre barrel. This was done in order to standardize the calibre for the mobile coastal artillery. The new gun was given the designation 130 K 90-60.
The gun carriage design was used for Tampella's 155 mm series, as well as for the Israeli Soltam M-68 gun.
Operators
: Finnish Navy, 15 units.
See also
130 53 TK
130 K 54
External links
Rannikon Puolustaja 2/1996
Tampella
Field artillery
130 mm artillery
130 K 90-60
Military equipment introduced in the 1980s
Henry Brockholst Ledyard Jr. (February 20, 1844 – May 25, 1921) was an American soldier and business person who served as president of the Michigan Central Railroad and the Union Trust Company.
Early life
Ledyard was born on February 20, 1844, at the American embassy in Paris to an established American family. They were one of five children born to Henry Brockholst Ledyard (1812–1880) and Matilda Frances ( Cass) (1808–1898). Their father was a lawyer, diplomat, and mayor of Detroit. Ledyard had three sisters and a brother, Lewis Cass Ledyard, a lawyer with Carter Ledyard & Milburn who served as personal counsel to J. P. Morgan. At the time of their birth, their father was secretary of the American legation in Paris.
Their paternal grandparents were Benjamin Ledyard, a prominent New York attorney, and Susan French (née Livingston) Ledyard. Their grandmother was the daughter of Revolutionary War Col. and U.S. Supreme Court Justice Henry Brockholst Livingston and granddaughter of the first governor of New Jersey, William Livingston. Their maternal grandfather, Gen. Lewis Cass, had been governor of the Michigan Territory and a United States senator from the state of Michigan, and served as secretary of state under President James Buchanan. Their maternal grandmother, Elizabeth (née Spencer) Cass, was the granddaughter of Maj.-Gen. Joseph Spencer, who served in the American Revolution under George Washington. Their aunt, Isabella Cass, married Theodorus Marinus Roest van Limburg, Baron van Limburg, the Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Ledyard was a student at the Washington A. Bacon's school for boys in Detroit before they were appointed as a cadet to the United States Military Academy at West Point by President Buchanan while their grandfather was serving as Secretary of State.
Career
Upon graduation in 1865, Ledyard was presented with two commissions, second and first lieutenant, and was assigned to duty with the 19th Infantry, serving successively as Quartermaster, Brigade Quartermaster and Chief of the Commissary officers of the Department of Arkansas. They were later transferred to the 37th Infantry as Quartermaster and later to the 4th Artillery and was detailed Chief of Subsistence on the staff of General Winfield Scott Hancock of the Department of Missouri. After the Civil War, they were involved in battles with Native Americans in 1867 and, for a year, was Assistant Professor of French at West Point.
Railroad career
Following the reorganization of the U.S. Army in 1870, Ledyard obtained a six months leave to learn about railroads, becoming involved with the engineering department of the Northern Pacific Railroad. Later that same year, they became a clerk in the operating department of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, and resigned from the Army. Within two years, they were Assistant Superintendent of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy and the following year was made Superintendent of the Eastern Division.
In 1874, Ledyard was appointed assistant to William Barstow Strong, the General Superintendent of the Michigan Central Railroad Company. The next year they were made Chief Engineer and Assistant General Superintendent. Two years later, they succeeded Strong as General Superintendent and the following year, they became General Manager of the road. After a few years of work turning the road into a success, the road was acquired by the Vanderbilt interests and William H. Vanderbilt became president of the company. Under Ledyard's supervision, the road smartly avoided issuing bonds and stockjobbing, and in 1883 they succeeded Vanderbilt as president of the Michigan Central. As president, they doubled the capacity of the railroad cars and had longer trains pulled by more powerful locomotives which reduced the cost of transportation. Ledyard had every steel railroad bridge in the eastern division torn down and rebuilt miles of trackage in an effort to eliminate curves and steep grades. After reconstruction, the company was operating eighty car freight trains versus the thirty before. They were relieved as general manager in 1903, but remained president of the road until 1905, when they resigned and became chairperson of the board.
In 1916, Ledyard purchased the Detroit Belt Line Railroad which bordered many large factories, including the Ford Motor Company.
Finance career
In addition to being president of the Michigan Central, they also served as president and, later, chairperson of the board of the Union Trust Company and a director of the Peoples State Bank of Detroit.
Personal life
On October 15, 1867, Ledyard was married to Mary L'Hommedieu (1847–1895), a daughter of Stephen Satterly L'Hommedieu (president of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railroad) and Alma ( Hammond) L'Hommedieu. Together, they were the parents of:
Matilda Cass Ledyard (1871–1960), who married Baron Clemens von Ketteler, a German diplomat.
Henry Brockholst Ledyard III (1875–1932), who married Mary Alice Maude Hendrie (1877–1928), daughter of William Hendrie of Hamilton, Ontario, in 1900.
Augustus Canfield Ledyard (1877–1899), a First lieutenant with the 6th U.S. Infantry who died during the Philippine–American War.
Hugh Ledyard (1885–1951), the secretary and treasurer of the Art Stove Company of Detroit.
Their wife died unexpectedly on March 30, 1895. Ledyard died on May 25, 1921, at their home in Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan. After a quiet funeral at Grace Episcopal Church, they were buried at Elmwood Cemetery in Detroit.
References
External links
1844 births
1921 deaths
19th-century American railroad executives
20th-century American railroad executives
Burials at Elmwood Cemetery (Detroit)
People of Michigan in the American Civil War
United States Military Academy alumni
Twin people from the United States
The Council for the Selection of Judges is a body in Kyrgyzstan responsible for the appointment of judges. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe have argued that the Council suffers from excessive politization and reform is needed to guarantee the independence of the Kyrgyz judiciary.
See also
Prosecutor General's Office of Kyrgyzstan
Judiciary Reform Commission (Kyrgyzstan)
National Council for Judicial Affairs (Kyrgyzstan)
References
Politics of Kyrgyzstan
Judiciary of Kyrgyzstan
Judicial nominations and appointments
Langøy can refer to:
Places
Langøy, Møre og Romsdal, a village in Averøy municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway
Langøy, Telemark, an island in Kragerø municipality in Telemark county, Norway
Langøy, or Lang Island (Antarctica), an island in Antarctica
People
Leif-Arne Langøy (born 1956), a Norwegian businessperson
See also
Langøya, a large island located in Nordland county, Norway
Langøyene, "the Langøy islands" in Oslo, Norway
Vladimira Krckova (born 9 February 1983) also known as VLAD. is a singer, poet, bandleader, composer, producer, actor, director, dancer, choreographer and visual artist. They studied Musical and Dramatic Arts at Brno Conservatory. In 2008, they performed alongside Grammy nominated pianist and composer John Serry Jr. In 2012, they self-released and produced their debut album of original compositions "Go for a Rich Man" with their jazz quartet (Adam Tvrdy on guitar, Petr Dvorsky on double bass and Jan Linhart on drums) that Czech music critic Lubomir Doruzka has credited as "The Most Interesting Music Act Of The Last Several Years" in Mladá Fronta DNES. In 2015, they wrote, directed and produced their official music video "Your Aura on my Lips", with creative audio post-production by Michael Riesman.
Career
In 2001, during their studies at the conservatory, they appeared in their first theatre role "Rózička" in a musical ballad "Koločava" (directed by Stanislav Moša and music written by Petr Ulrych) in Brno City Theatre; the play was very successful for many years. In 2004, during consultations with Polish director Andrzej Sadowski, they created one woman show "Voice Monodrama" (based on performance loops of a deeply intimate connection of voice and movement) during an artist residency at Villa Decius in Krakow, Poland. In 2005, they participated as a lead singer on an album "Těba" (released by Indies Records) of a Czech folk music group Cymbelín and performed at Colours of Ostrava, a major international music festival in Czechia. In 2007, they appeared as a lead character of "Marylou" in an original multimedia theatre play called "Chat" in Archa Theatre in Prague, Czechia, directed by Jana Svobodová. The same year, they performed at International Music Festioval Cesky Krumlov with their jazz arrangements of French chansons. In 2008, Ms Krckova sang jazz standards as well as original repertoire alongside Anna Polívková in a poetry performance "Záznamy Intimity" by Czech poet Gabriela Onderková. Later that year, they performed in Czech Television New Years TV performance together with Karel Gott. In 2015 (London), they sang with British jazz pianist Trevor Watkis. In 2008 and 2016, they performed with pianist and composer Mark Aanderud (Czechia, Mexico). In 2016 (in Mexico City), they performed with another highly acclaimed Mexican piano player and composer Alex Mercado (named "The Best Mexican Jazz Musician" by Downbeat magazine) and also had their visual art in several collective exhibitions for the first time. As an actor, besides several Czech plays where they starred in lead or featured roles, they appeared in an award-winning Czech feature film "Pohadky pro Emu" ("Christmas for Ema", 2017, directed by Rudolf Havlik), alongside Ondrej Vetchy. In London, Krckova performed their original music with Robin Banerjee (a former Amy Winehouse guitarist). In Czechia, they also repeatedly performed with Emil Viklicky. Earlier in their life, they sang with big bands Zatrestband - where they sang also with Ilona Csakova (conductor Petr Pisa) and Big Band Českého Rozhlasu (conductor Vaclav Kozel).
Personal life
Health
At the age of 16, they were accepted to study Musical and Dramatic Arts at Brno Conservatory. Shortly after the beginning of their studies, they started to observe inexplicable mood swings, later on diagnosed and treated as a depression. In 2008, they were accepted to study Jazz Performance at New School, New York, but their battle with mental health problems forced them to continue their career path in Europe. After finishing the filming of "Your Aura on my Lips", Ms Krckova relocated to London to expand their career but shortly after relocating, they finally received a correct diagnosis for their lifelong struggles (PTSD) and decided to travel around the world and release all the memories and conditioning that were preventing them from creating as well as living their life. In the years 2018 and 2021, Ms Krckova focused fully on their healing (as an ACOA and also from C-PTSD, mainly caused by being subjected to lifelong narcissistic abuse). This led to a successful recovery.
References
Doruzka, Lubomir: "Go for a Rich Man" review in iDNES
Zatrestband (conductor Petr Pisa)
Big Band Českého Rozhlasu (conductor Vaclav Kozel)
music group Cymbelín
Havlik, Rudolf (film director)
Sadowski, Andrzej (theatre director)
Mosa, Stanislav, Ulrych, Petr: "Koločava"
Cymbelín, "Těba"
Musicians that participated on "Go for a Rich Man": Tvrdy, Adam, Dvorsky, Petr, Linhart, Jan
Smekal, Martin, DoP for "Your Aura on my Lips"
Boruvka, Sarah: "Vladimíra Krčková, a young jazz singer who lives in Prague"
Cesky Rozhlas Jazz: "Jazzová zpěvačka Vladimíra Krčková pokřtí album"
External links
Vladimira Krckova at CSFD
Vladimira Krckova at Muzikus
Your Aura on my Lips (Youtube)
Go for a Rich Man (Youtube
Czech singers
Czech composers
Living people
Czech actores
Czech poets
Czech film producers
Czech dancers
1983 births
Manoj Varghese Parecattil is an Indian film director and writer, who works in Malayalam films. They made their directorial debut with Cuban Colony.
Biography
Manoj Varghese was born to Varghese on 1981 at Angamaly, in Eranakulam district, in Kerala.
Career
They started their career as a director in an advertising production house. Manoj Varghese was an independent short filmmaker and an assistant director in Malayalam film Industry. Manoj got award for Best Director 2014 for short film 'FM – The Faceless Men' in First Cut Competition of Short films, Asianet Plus Channel.
Filmography
Cuban Colony (2018)
FM – The Faceless Men (2014) (short film)
References
External links
Malayalam film directors
1981 births
Living people
Veralipride (Agreal, Agradil) is a typical antipsychotic of the benzamide class. It is indicated for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause. It is a D2 receptor antagonist and it induces prolactin secretion without any estrogenic or progestagenic effects. It was first authorised for use in 1979. Veralipride has never gained approval in the United States.
In September 2006, it was withdrawn from the Spanish market. As a result, the European Commission referred the matter to the European Medicines Agency (EMA). In July 2007, the EMA recommended the withdrawal of marketing authorisations for veralipride.
See also
Typical antipsychotic
Benzamide
Levosulpiride
References
Allyl compounds
Benzamides
Pyrrolidines
Sulfonamides
Withdrawn drugs
Typical antipsychotics
The 1891–92 season was the ninth to be played by the team that are now known as Bristol Rovers, and their eighth playing under the name Eastville Rovers.
Season review
This was the last season that the club would spend playing mainly friendly matches, as they would become founder members of the newly-formed Bristol & District Football League (now known as the Western League) in the summer of 1892. The opposition consisted mainly of teams that would also join the league next season, along with Kingswood, Craigmore College, and a Swindon Town "A" team. The club's participation in the Gloucestershire Senior Cup saw them reach the semi-final stage: A first-round victory over Craigmore College was followed by defeat by Warmley, both games ending with a 7–1 scoreline.
After a year's hiatus the reserve team returned to action, entering the Gloucestershire Junior Cup. After receiving a first-round bye, they beat St Paul's 4–0 before suffering a heavy 8–1 defeat to St George Reserves in the third round.
Results
First team
Gloucestershire Senior Cup
Club matches
Reserves
Gloucestershire Junior Cup
Club matches
Statistics
Friendly matches are not included in this section.
Cumulative record
The total cumulative record of Eastville Rovers up to the end of the 1891–92 season is shown below. This is calculated by adding the numbers in the section above to the total games played up to the end of the last season. Friendly matches are not included in this table, and games held at neutral venues are considered to have been played away from home.
As of the summer of 1891, Rovers' competitive matches had all been played in the Gloucestershire Cup.
References
Bibliography
Bristol Rovers F.C. seasons
Eastville Rovers
John August Ion Agar-Hamilton (30 August 1895 – 16 June 1984) was a South African historian and Anglican priest. They were born in Cairo to Scottish parents who migrated to Transvaal Colony in 1906. They studied at Pretoria Boys High School and Transvaal University College, whence they obtained a BA in 1914. They may also have studied at the University of the Cape of Good Hope and Keble College, Oxford.
Returning to South Africa, they taught history at the University of Pretoria between 1923 and 1940. They served as a military historian during and after World War II and then as an Anglican clergyman in Pretoria from 1955 onwards. They moved to Grahamstown and joined Rhodes University in 1960 where they stayed till their retirement in 1966. They served the Diocese of Grahamstown editing the church directory and year book from 1967 to 1969, they were also a priest in the parish of Christ Church, Speke Street Grahamstown, they retired from active clerical life in 1980.
As a historian, they were influenced by George Cory. A prolific author, they are best known for Union war histories and The native policy of the Voortrekkers.
They died in Grahamstown in 1984.
Published works
with Leonard Charles Frederick Turner
Notes
References
1895 births
1984 deaths
Historians of South Africa
People from Makhanda, Eastern Cape
University of Pretoria faculty
20th-century South African Anglican priests
20th-century South African historians
British expatriates in Egypt
British emigrants to Transvaal Colony
Magdalena "Maggie" Estoista Leones (August 19, 1920 – June 16, 2016) was a Filipino intelligence officer during World War II.  They are the first and only Asian to receive a Silver Star Medal for their wartime contributions.
Early life
Leones are born in Lubuagan, Mountain Province to an evangelical missionary. They served as a deaconess at the United Evangelical Church.
Leones are working as a teacher and preparing to be a nun when the Japanese invasion happened.
World War II
When the church became the battalions' headquarters, Leones helped nurse wounded guerillas. At the Fall of Bataan, they refused to surrender to the Japanese regime and was therefore held captive. During that time, they studied Japanese.
When Leones was released, they witnessed an execution of 20+ young citizens. It prompted them to visit towns to see how they could help, even though travelling was prohibited at the time. They once saved Filipino evacuees from execution when they convinced Japanese troops that they came from a wedding.
Leones later proceeded to Manila to visit their missionary friends who were members of the resistance. At 22 years old, they met Colonel Russell Volckmann of the United States Armed Forces in the Philippines – North Luzon (USAFIP-NL) and agreed to become a special agent.
Leones garnered and carried intel, medical supplies and radio parts through enemy-held territories and checkpoints. They also served as a translator between Ilocano and English speakers. Them church connections and knowledge in Nihongo were advantageous in travelling and obtaining information.
Leones are credited for identifying enemy ships that arrived in San Fernando, together with its contents and respective captains. They were the mastermind for the explosion of Japanese planes on an airstrip in Tuguegarao. Leones gathered radio parts and recruited technicians which allowed consistent communication with General McArthur, and it paved the way for their return to the Philippines and the eventual reclaim of Leyte.
Leones are arrested 3 times by the Japanese government and they always managed to escape. On their last capture, they sweet-talked and bribed a guard.
Leones formally joined the Philippine army as a corporal. They were a member of the signal corps until the war ended.
Post-war
Leones moved to California in 1969. They worked at Pacific Bell as a clerk and kept a low profile about their wartime ventures.
Leones's son eventually found out about their mother's wartime feats while doing research. Them grandchild once wrote a school report about them being a war hero but their teacher refused to believe it. They brought their grandmother's medal to school in order to prove.
Death
Leones died on June 16, 2016 in Richmond, California. They were 95 years old.
Them body was flown to the Philippines and was buried at the Libingan ng mga Bayani (National Heroes' Cemetery).
Awards
Silver Star Medal
World War II Medal
Resistance Movement Medal
Philippine Liberation Medal
Philippine Independence Ribbon
References
1920 births
Women in war in the Philippines
Filipino military personnel of World War II
Woman spies
People from Kalinga (province)
Burials at the Libingan ng mga Bayani
2016 deaths
Filipino emigrants to the United States
Filipino evangelicals
Filipino Christians
Jürgen Haase (born 19 January 1945) is a former track and field athlete and Olympian, who, competing for East Germany, was among the world's best long distance track runners in the 1960s and 1970s. Twice during this period, in 1966 and 1969, they were European champion in the 10,000 meters.
Career
Haase trained with methods developed by Arthur Lydiard, the New Zealand trainer who was, at the time, still relatively unknown in Europe and was the surprise winner of the 1965 GDR 10,000 metres.
At the European Championships in 1966, their teammate Jürgen May convinced him, with the help of a $500 bribe, not to wear their usual Adidas shoes but rather to wear Puma. This episode became something of a political scandal, in the course of which Haase was pardoned by the GDR Sports authorities. May, on the other hand, was permanently banned from the GDR national team.
Haase missed the 1972 Summer Olympics due to blood poisoning that they received after being injured by the spike of another runner at a competition in Paris.
After retiring from competitions in 1973, Haase was active in customer service and marketing of medical technology. They then graduated from the Deutsche Hochschule für Körperkultur und Sport (German College for Fitness Training and Sport) and became a coach at SC Dynamo Berlin. Their trainees included Kathrin Weßel (bronze medalist in 10,000 m at the 1987 World Championships) and Detlef Wagenknecht (World Cup medalist in 800 m in 1981 and 1983). After the reunification of Germany, Haase worked at the Deutschen Leichtathletik-Verbandes (German Track Federation).
International races
1964, European Junior Championships: 1st place: 1500 m (3:52.4); 1st place: 3000 m (8:25.4)
1966, European Championships: 1st place: 10,000 m (28:26.0); 11th place: 5000 m (13:55.6 )
1967, European Cup: 1st place: 10,000 m (28:54.2); 2nd place: 5000 m (15:27.8)
1968, Olympic Games: 15th place: 10,000 m (30:24.0)
1969, European Championships: 1st place: 10,000 m (28:41.6)
1970, European Cup: 1st place: 10,000 m (28:26.8)
1971, European Championships: 2nd place: 10,000 m (27:53.4)
East German championships
10,000 m: 1st place – 1965, 1966, 1968, 1970, 1972 and 1973
5000 m: 1st place – 1969, 2nd place – 1973
Cross-country running 12 km: 2nd place – 1966, 1st place – 1967, 1968, 1969 and 1972
3000 m indoor: 2nd place – 1965 and 1966, 3rd place – 1970
Records
10,000 m
East German record: 28:12.6, 25 May 1966, Leipzig
European record: 28:04.4, 21 July 1968, Leningrad
East German record: 27:53.36, 10 August 1971, Helsinki
15 km road run
GDR record: 43:45.2, 21 April 1974, Sachsenhausen (Current German Record as of November 2015)
20 km road run
GDR record: 58:56, 1973
One hour run
GDR record: 20,393 Meters, 6 May 1973, Dresden
References
1945 births
Living people
East German male long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of East Germany
German athletics coaches
European Athletics Championships medalists
SC Leipzig athletes
Plasmodium georgesi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Plasmodium.
Like all Plasmodium species P. georgesi has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
Description
This species was first described by Poirriez et al. in 1993.
The trophozoites have long crescent-shaped nuclei (surface area 2.18 +/- 0.25 square micrometres).
The pigment is stored as short rods.
Geographical occurrence
Plasmodium georgesi has been found in the Central African Republic.
Clinical features and host pathology
Plasmodium georgesi, Plasmodium petersi and Plasmodium gonderi are the only Plasmodium species found to date (2008) in Cercocebus monkeys.
P. georgesi infects Cercocebus albigena and Cercocebus galeritus agilis causing a remitting/relapsing form of malaria.
References
georgesi
Kohei Kudo may refer to:
Kohei Kudo (footballer)
Kohei Kudo (snowboarder)
Erlabrunn is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany, situated on the left bank of the river Main. It forms an administrative division together with its neighbour Margetshöchheim. It is known for its viticulture and its orcharding.
Erlabrunn is about north of Würzburg. Its neighbours are in the south Margetshöchheim und Veitshöchheim, in the west Leinach and in the north Zellingen and Thüngersheim. It was first mentioned in 1209.
Erlabrunn has had a town twinning arrangement with the French commune Quettehou since 1985.
History
In the 12th century, the castle Falkenberg existed on the mountain (the former name of the hill was Falkenberg) at the northern end of the current location. The inhabitants of the castle Falkenberg were vassals of Ravensburg. As punishment for the murder of Bishop Konrad von Würzburg Querfurt the castle was razed. Today, only a few stones from the ruins can be seen.
The first written mention of the place dates from 1209 and means that the area was part of today's Erlabrunn the Earl of Rieneck. When the count started a loan from the Bishop of Wurzburg, they mortgaged the land to the diocese of Würzburg. As part of this was Erlabrunn—secularized in 1803 in favor of Bavaria—then in the Peace of Pressburg (1805) to Archduke Ferdinand III. From Tuscany to the formation of the Grand Duchy of Würzburg, with which it fell back to Bavaria in 1814. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria was created—with the edict of 1818 community—the church today.
The Catholic parish of St. Andrew was built around 1381st 1597, the parish became independent, having previously belonged to the parish Hettstadt. Because of the danger of collapse in 1655 they demolished and rebuilt in 1656. The church was consecrated on 16 September 1657. The interior of the church was partially renovated in 1999.
In 1875, the pilgrimage church known locally as the Käppele (pronounced /ˈkɛpələ/) was erected on the hill above Erlabrunn, about half a kilometer north of the old castle ruins.
Since 1991 a renovation of the village has been taking place, under the motto "Altes erhalten Neues gestalten" (keeping the old, shaping the new). This has mainly involved reconstructing the main street through the old part of the village, and the lanes running off it.
Here are reconstructed mainly by the passage of the street and adjacent streets Altort. The work began at the north end, the Zellingerstraße. A new town house was opened in 2020.
To meet the growing demand for building sites meet, in 2005 in the north of the town opened up for the conditions of the place large building area "on conical wells / Goldbühlein. In support of the size of the development of legal and economic reasons were given. The development costs were 2.3 million euros.
Mayor
The current mayor is Thomas Benkert, who has no party affiliation. The following is a list of mayors since the end of the war.
References
Würzburg (district)
Paul Dunford (14 January 1949 – 9 June 2002), professionally billed as Paul Chubb, was an Australian film, television and stage actor and scriptwriter primarily in genres of comedy and drama.
Early life
They were born in Arncliffe, a suburb of Sydney. and had a brother Greg, (Timothy Bean).
Career
They began their career as an "everyman" character actor by studying under Hayes Gordon at the Ensemble Theatre and began to appear in television commercials, soap-operas including Number 96, and television dramas. They wrote and acted in pub plays and pantomimes and segued to feature film work such as with Julie Forsyth in Stan and George's New Life (1990), which "remains a defining portrayal in a body of work that includes Così, Bliss and Road To Nhill," a total of 22 feature films.
Chubb guest-starred as a State Member of Parliament Patrick Rafferty (Michael Rafferty's brother), in Rafferty's Rules.
Personal life and death
They died due to post operative cardiomyopathy complications, in 2002 in Newcastle, New South Wales.
Filmography
Films
Dirty Deeds (2002)
Bondi Banquet (1999) as Bart L. Booth
Road to Nhill (1997), as Maurie
The Well (1997), as Harry Bird
Così (1996), as Henry
The Roly Poly Man (1994), as Dirk Trent
Big Ideas (1993)
Shotgun Wedding (1993), as Geoffrey Drinkwater
Stark (1993), as Mayor
Singapore Sling (1993), as Cray
Mad Bomber in Love (1992), as Sven
Stan and George's New Life (1991), as Stanley Harris
Sweet Talker (1991), as Billy
Dead to the World (1991), as Sergeant Jack Grant
Golden Braid (1990), as Joseph
Betty's Bunch (1990), as Arthur Quinter 'The Con'
Touch the Sun: Peter & Pompey (1988), as Mayor Leo Bainbridge
Danger Down Under (1988), as Dennis Quinn
Spit MacPhee (1988), as Sergeant Joe Collins
Bullseye (1987), as Don McKenzie
With Love to the Person Next to Me (1987), as Syd
Hunger (1986), as Caffrey
Dancing Daze (1986), as Oliver
Bliss (1985), as Reverend Des
The Coca-Cola Kid (1985), as Fred
Bodyline (1984), as Yabba
A Girl's Own Story (1984), as Father
The Dismissal (1983), as Customs Officer
Goodbye Paradise (1983), as Curly
Passionless Moments (1983), as Jim Simpson
Heatwave (1982), as Detective 2
Kitty and the Bagman (1982), as Slugger
Hoodwink (1981), as Reid
The Night the Prowler (1978), as Police Officer 1
Television
All Saints (2002)
The Farm (2001) as Ron Oakes
Water Rats (2001)
Home and Away (1999-2000) as Jack Brown
Count me in – Combinatorics: The Art of Counting (1993)
Big Ideas (1992), as Noel Draper
The Paper Man (1990), as Clarrie Bullock
Round the Twist (1989), as "Santa Claws" in Christmas episode
Takeover (1988)
The Last Resort (1988), as Hilary Davis
Hard Knuckle (1987), as Max
Takeover (1987), as Frank
Brass Monkeys (1984), as Big Eye
Watch This Space (1982), as a red alien who arrives on Earth and tries blending in, in living as a human
Daily at Dawn (1981), as Russell Ducke
Demolition (1978)
References
External links
1949 births
2002 deaths
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Male actors from Sydney
Kenneth Moffitt (2 February 1933 – 29 August 2016) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Gateshead. A left back and left half, they also played in the Scottish League for Berwick Rangers.
References
1933 births
Footballers from Newcastle upon Tyne
Association football fullbacks
English footballers
2016 deaths
Association football wing halves
Berwick Rangers F.C. players
English Football League players
Gateshead A.F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
The 2019–20 William & Mary Tribe men's basketball team represented the College of William & Mary during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Tribe, coached by 1st-year head coach Dane Fischer, played their home games at Kaplan Arena in Williamsburg, Virginia as members of the Colonial Athletic Association.
Previous season
The Tribe finished the 2018–19 season 14–17, 10–6 in CAA play to finish in fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the CAA Tournament to Delaware.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2019 recruiting class
2020 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA Tournament
|-
Source:
References
William And Mary
William & Mary Tribe men's basketball seasons
William and Mary Tribe men's basketball
William and Mary
Hoseynabad-e Jadid (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Jadīd; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 237, in 69 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 2015 Fordham Rams football team represented Fordham University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by fourth-year head coach Joe Moorhead and played their home games at Coffey Field. They were a member of the Patriot League. They finished the season 9–3, 5–1 in Patriot League play to finish in second place. They received an at-large bid to the FCS Playoffs where they lost in the first round to Chattanooga.
On December 12, head coach Joe Moorhead resigned to become the offensive coordinator at Penn State. They finished at Fordham with a four-year record of 38–13.
Schedule
Source: Schedule
Game summaries
at Army
Villanova
Columbia
Monmouth
at Lafayette
at Penn
Holy Cross
Lehigh
at Colgate
Bucknell
at Georgetown
FCS Playoffs
First Round–at Chattanooga
Ranking movements
References
Fordham
Fordham Rams football seasons
Fordham
Fordham Rams football
Pârjol is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Băhnășeni, Bărnești, Băsăști, Câmpeni, Hăineala, Hemieni (established in 2003), Pârjol, Pustiana and Tărâța. At the 2011 census, the commune's 5404 inhabitants were 94.2% Romanian and 3.53% Hungarian. At the 2002 census, they were 64.2% Romanian Orthodox, 35% Roman Catholic, and 0.8% Old Calendar Orthodox.
Pustiana
The village of Pustiana () was first mentioned in 1792. It was established by Székely who fled from Transylvania after the Siculicidium. In 2002, it had 1961 people, broken down as follows: Romanians (78.99%), Hungarians (17.24%), Csangos (4.89%).
Notes
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
"Party Girl" is a song by British pop rock band McFly. It was released as the lead single from their fifth studio album, Above the Noise (2010). The song premiered on UK radio on 14 July 2010 on In:Demand, and was released on 5 September 2010, where it debuted at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart; marking the band's sixteenth Top 10 single to date.
On 25 August 2010 the song was added to BBC Radio 1's A-List. "Party Girl" was played on the show Pretty Little Liars.
Background
After the release of "Falling in Love", McFly headed back into the studio. On 22 January 2010, it was announced that the band were going to re-sign with former label Island Records. This was later revealed to be a 50/50 deal that sees all profits, except publishing, split between Universal and McFly, including money from touring, record sales, merchandise and sponsorship. The band worked with producer Dallas Austin on this, their fifth studio album.
On 9 July 2010, Fletcher and Poynter confirmed on Twitter that the first single from the album would be called "Party Girl", which was written in Atlanta with Austin. According to Austin, "Party Girl" is the only track on the album with a heavily dance-oriented sound. The song premièred on 14 July on Radio 1 and a one-minute-long clip was posted on McFly's Myspace page. On the same day, In:Demand played the full song. McFly have been on the top 20 in popstars' opinions of the best UK artist. "Party Girl" was played by The Wanted and Olly Murs. McFly have promoted "Party Girl" by playing it live on GMTV, KFC Crushems, This Morning, Suck My Pop, Big Brother's Little Brother and Magic Numbers.
Track listing
UK CD1
"Party Girl" - 3:14
"Sunny Side of the Street" (Home Demo) - 3:14
UK CD2
"Party Girl" - 3:14
"Hotel on a Hill" - 1:30
"Party Girl" (Danny Jones Remix) - 3:54
"Party Girl" (Doman & Gooding Remix) - 5:28
UK 7" Picture Disc
"Party Girl" - 3:14
Music video
The music video for Party Girl premiered on MSN on 19 August. The video contains clips from McFly's upcoming 40-minute-long vampire-minifilm "Nowhere Left To Run". The sixteenth century manor house featured in a number of scenes is Bruce Castle Museum in Tottenham, London; the church is the 14th century All Hallows Parish Church, just to the north of Bruce Castle. The video also contained several scenes where McFly performs the song, separately from the rest of the video. They won an award for this video : 4Music Video Honours - Best Video of 2010.
Critical reception
Teen website 'Teen Today' said the song was "amazing". Alex and Lucy of radio station In:Demand said the song had an electro feel to it but still a good rocking McFly tune, also the song sounded a cross between 3OH!3 and Enrique Iglesias. Nick Levine of Digital Spy gave the single a rating of five out of five stars, calling it "an unstoppable post-GaGa dance-pop stomper built on a deliciously fizzy mix of synths and guitar riffs", and felt that "the whopping great 'woah woah' chorus is as hard to resist as an apple pie left to cool by an open window".
Chart performance
"Party Girl" debuted on the Irish Singles Chart on 10 September 2010 at number 31. On 12 September, the single debuted on the UK Single Chart at number 6, with sales of more than 40,000 copies. On its second week, the single fell 7 places to number 13, meaning it only spent a single week within the Top 10. The single then continued to plummet, falling a huge 19 places to number 32 on 30 September 2010. "Party Girl" fell out of the Top 40 the following week, meaning it spent only 3 weeks within. The single also debuted at number 6 on the Scottish Singles and Albums Chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
In popular culture
The song appears in Episode 18, Series 1 of US teen drama Pretty Little Liars when the girls are attending a college frat party.
References
2010 singles
McFly songs
Songs written by Dallas Austin
Songs written by Danny Jones
Songs written by Dougie Poynter
Songs written by Tom Fletcher
2010 songs
Song recordings produced by Dallas Austin
Island Records singles
DY Pegasi, abbreviated DY Peg, is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Pegasus. It is a well-studied SX Phoenicis variable star with a brightness that ranges from an apparent visual magnitude of 9.95 down to 10.62 with a period of . This system is much too faint to be seen with the naked eye, but can be viewed with large binoculars or a telescope. Based on its high space motion and low abundances of heavier elements, it is a population II star system.
Observation history
The variability of this star was first reported by Otto Morgenroth in 1934, and the first light curves of its photometric behavior were constructed by A. V. Soloviev in 1938. This curve showed a rapid increase of 0.7 in magnitude followed by a slower decline. It was found to be an intrinsic variable with an "ultra-short" period of 105 minutes. The 'b-v' color index of the star was found to vary with each cycle, corresponding to a change in spectral type from A7 at maximum to F1 at minimum. Direct observation of spectra showed a variation from A3 to A9. Evidence was found of small variations in the light curve between each cycle.
By 1972, it was widely regarded as a dwarf cepheid; a Delta Scuti variable. However, some astronomers classed it as a short-period RRs Lyrae variable. Photometric observations of DY Peg in 1975 by E. H. Geyer and M. Hoffman showed non-periodic changes to the light curve that suggested an overtone pulsation. A frequency analysis of observations made by A. Masani and P. Broglia in 1953 strengthened the evidence that DY Peg is a double mode cepheid, showing a fundamental pulsation and a weaker first overtone with a period ratio of 0.764. By 1982, similarities with SX Phoenicis had been found, with both showing comparable drifts in their beat periods. Application of the Baade-Wesselink method provided a preliminary distance estimate to DY Peg of .
In 2003, J. N. Fu and C. Sterken suggested that much of the long-term trend in variability period changes could be explained by a highly-eccentric orbital model, although it was not deemed a complete solution since some small residuals remained from the period 1930–1950. They computed a preliminary orbital period of with an eccentricity of . L.-J. Li and S.-B. Qian in 2010 found a mass estimate of the secondary in the range of 0.028 to , which suggests the companion may be a brown dwarf.
Properties
A 2020 analysis of data collected by the AAVSO found three independent frequencies in the variability of the visible component. The primary and secondary modes are radial pulsations with 13.71249 and 17.7000 cycles per day, respectively, while a newly discovered non-radial mode has a frequency of 18.138 cycles per day. Consistent with being a population II star, it has a low metallicity. The stellar class ranges from A3 to F1 over each cycle, and the radius of the star varies by 3.5%. To explain certain discrepant properties of the system, H.-F. Xue and J.-S. Niu proposed that the primary may be accreting mass from an orbiting dust disk. This is conjectured to be leftover material from a white dwarf companion as it passed through the asymptotic giant branch.
DY Pegasi has been classified as a SX Phoenicis variable on the basis of its low metallicity. However, a 2014 study by S. Barcza and J. M. Benkő found a much higher general abundance of heavy elements with [M/H] = dex, approaching solar in composition. (This notation indicates the base-10 logarithm of the ratio of "metals" 'M' to hydrogen 'H', compared to the same abundances in the Sun. A value of 0.0 is solar.) They proposed that this may instead be a high amplitude Delta Scuti variable. The short period of this variable rules it out as an RR Lyrae variable.
The properties of DY Pegasi are uncertain due to the presence of an unknown companion, but it appears to lie close to the main sequence at the red (cool) edge of the instability strip. However, it has also been treated as a possible RR Lyrae variable which would be a horizontal branch star. As an old low-metallicity SX Phoenicis variable, it is very similar to blue stragglers, which are formed from stellar mergers or mass transfer in binary systems.
References
Variable stars
Binary stars
Pegasus (constellation)
BD+16 4877
218549
114290
Pegasi, DY
SX Phoenicis variables
Albrecht von Scharfenberg (fl. 1270s) was a Middle High German poet, best known as the author of Der jüngere Titurel ("The Younger Titurel") since their two other known works, Seifrid de Ardemont and Merlin, are lost. Linguistic evidence suggests they may have been from Bavaria and worked in Thuringia or elsewhere in northern Germany.
Der jüngere Titurel survives in eleven complete manuscripts and about fifty fragments. It is a cohesive continuation in over 6,300 lines of Wolfram von Eschenbach's fragmentary Titurel, and builds on the love story of Sigune and Schionatulander found in their Parzival. It is a "saga with a worldwide sweep encompassing an enormous cast of characters [and a] message of Christian virtue."
Throughout the poem Albrecht pretends to be the famed Wolfram, and for a long time modern scholars thought the latter was the author of Der jüngere Titurel. It is now recognised that seven stanzas—the so-called Hinweisstrophen (reference stanzas)—reveal the author to be other than Wolfram and stanza 5883 even names them as "Albrecht". The dating of Der jüngere Titurel to the early 1270s is tentative and based largely on a fragment of a dedicatory poem, the so-called Verfasserfragment (author fragment).
The late medieval writer Ulrich Füetrer regarded Albrecht as one of the greatest poets of the German language. They also identify them as the author of the two lost works. Der jüngere Titurel was popular enough to be printed at Strasbourg in 1477. Ulrich's opinion of it was followed by most scholars, and it was often (erroneously) labelled the greatest accomplishment of Wolfram. In 1829 Karl Lachmann denigrated the poem while correcting its attribution. Its reputation remained low until the late twentieth century.
Notes
Sources
Arthurian literature in German
13th-century German poets
Jeanlouis Cornuz (February 17, 1922 – October 14, 2007) was a Swiss writer.
Biography
Jeanlouis Cornuz was born in Lausanne, Switzerland. They studied literature at the University of Lausanne and at the University of Zürich. In 1946, at age 24, they worked as an interpreter during the Nuremberg international trials of Nazi German officials involved in the Holocaust. They then taught literature in Switzerland at state gymnasiums (Gymnase de la Cité in Lausanne and Gymnase de Chamblandes in Pully), and also worked as a teacher in the United States of America.
A columnist and journalist, they contributed to various newspapers and magazines in Switzerland. This sharp chess player was a benevolent editor-in-chief for the monthly l'Essor magazine from 1995 to 1998. They also are a delegate at the Canton de Vaud parliament for the left wing party POP (popular worker party).
Jeanlouis Cornuz published various essays about Jules Michelet, André Dhôtel, Gottfried Keller and an acclaimed biography of Victor Hugo. They also contributed drama plays for the radio and stage and authored several novels. A Germanist, they translated Ernst Wiechert, Walter Diggelmann, Urs Schwarz, Wolfgang Leonhard and Gottfried Keller from German into French.
Novels
La vieille femme, Ed. du Viaduc, 1954 (Roman)
Le réfractaire, Rencontre, 1964 (Roman)
Parce que c'était toi, La Baconnière, 1966. (Roman)
Les USA à l'heure du LSD, La Baconnière, 1968.
Reconnaissance d'Edmond Gilliard, L'Age d'homme, 1975
Jean-Claude Stehli, Centre d'art Les Fontaines, 1978
La Grande année 1968; ill. Thierry Rollier, Ed. de la Thièle, 1979
Le Professeur, Favre, 1981. (Roman)
Portraits sans réserve, Plaisir de lire, 1983
Olsommer; en collab. avec Fabienne Luisier, Centre d'art Les Fontaines, 1998
Les désastres de la guerre, L'Age d'homme, 1994. (Roman)
Les caprices : Les désastres de la guerre II, L'Age d'homme, 2000
Le complexe de Laïos : Les désastres de la guerre III, L'Age d'homme, 2003
Awards
1981 Vaud canton writers award
Bibliography
Roger Francillon, Histoire de la littérature en Suisse romande, vol 3, p. 328.
Alain Nicollier, Henri-Charles Dahlem, Dictionnaire des écrivains suisses d'expression française, vol 1, pp. 282.
External links
Jeanlouis Cornuz sur Culturactif
Jeanlouis Cornuz à la BCUL
1922 births
2007 deaths
Swiss writers
People from Lausanne
Huawei Ox Horn Campus is a European-themed model village constructed on the south shore of Songshan Lake, in Dongguan, Guangdong province, China. It was constructed in the late-2010s to house the research and development offices of technology company Huawei.
There are twelve groups of buildings, based on European cities or regions, including Heidelberg Castle, and Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris, plus one-to-one copies of the buildings of Český Krumlov, Verona, Bologna, Budapest, Granada. The zones are connected together using a tram system modelled on trains supplied by Stadler Rail for the Jungfrau Railway in Switzerland.
References
Further reading
High-tech architecture
Ingolf Håkon Teigene (10 April 1949 – 12 June 2007) was a Norwegian journalist.
Teigene hailed from Hareid. They started their career as a journalist, and was editor-in-chief of Ny Tid from 1982 to 1986, at that time a newspaper owned by the Socialist Left Party. They also worked in Dagbladet.
Teigene then became known to the general public as a news presenter, anchoring in Dagsrevyen in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation. They appeared in this role for the first time in 1989. They also headed Sommeråpent and other programs.
Teigene also authored several books.
Teigene died at work, of heart failure.
References
1949 births
2007 deaths
Socialist Left Party (Norway) politicians
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian television news anchors
NRK people
People from Hareid
Rice County Courthouse may refer to:
Rice County Courthouse (Kansas), Lyons, Kansas
Rice County Courthouse and Jail, Faribault, Minnesota
In chemical graph theory, the hyper-Wiener index or hyper-Wiener number is a topological index of a molecule, used in biochemistry. The hyper-Wiener index is a generalization introduced by Milan Randić
of the concept of the Wiener index, introduced by Harry Wiener. The hyper-Wiener index of a connected graph G is defined by
where d(u,v) is the distance between vertex u and v.
Hyper-Wiener index as topological index assigned to G = (V,E) is based on the distance function which is invariant under the action of the automorphism group of G.
Hyper-Wiener index can be used for the representation of computer networks and enhancing lattice hardware security. Hyper-Wiener indices used to limit the structure of a particle into a
solitary number which signifies the sub-atomic stretching
and electronic structures.
Example
One-pentagonal carbon nanocone which is an infinite symmetric graph, consists of one pentagon as its core surrounded by layers of hexagons. If there are n layers, then the graph of the molecules is denoted by Gn.
we have the following explicit formula for hyper-Wiener index of one-pentagonal carbon nanocone,
References
Graph invariants
Kelstern is a village in the civil parish of Calcethorpe with Kelstern, in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
The village is north from the A631 road, north-west from Louth and south-east from Binbrook. Calcethorpe with Kelstern parish also includes the hamlets of Calcethorpe to the south of Kelstern, and Lambcroft to the north.
In the Domesday Book, Kelstern is written as 'Cheilestorne'. The settlement was in the Hundred of Louthesk of the South Riding of Lindsey. It included 28.3 households, 0.5 ploughlands, and a meadow . Klak was Lord of the manor in 1066, this transferred to Waldin the Artificer (or Engineer) in 1086, who was also Tenant-in-chief to king William I.
Kelstern is recorded in the 1872 White's Directory as a small village, and a parish with a population of 218 in an area of land, which included the hamlet of Lambcroft with a population of 56 in . Kelstern parishioners paid no tithes or commuted rent charge payments to the church or rector, as the parish and manor was "anciently" the demesne of North Ormsby Abbey. The principal owner of parish land and lord of the manor was Lord Ossington (Evelyn Denison, 1st Viscount Ossington), who was also the impropriator and patron of the ecclesiastical parish living. St Faith's, a small church of nave, chancel and tower, had been partly rebuilt and re-roofed in 1831. Reported was two early 17th-century church monuments erected by Sir Francis South to each of their wives, died 1604 and 1620. The incumbency was a discharged vicarage – relief from the payment of annates, being the first year's parish revenues and one tenth of the income in all succeeding years – for a payment of £150 yearly, the vicar living at Binbrook. A school was built in 1861, paid for by the lord of the manor, and was attended by 30 children. The school was used for services by Wesleyans. Professions and trades of those listed as resident in 1872 included a parish clerk, a schoolmistress, a wheelwright, a blacksmith, two auctioneers & estate agents, a further auctioneer at Calcethorpe, and another at Cawkwell who was also a farmer. There were three further farmers, one of whom was at Lambcroft.
Kelstern Grade II listed parish church is dedicated to St Faith and is Early English in origin, but was restored in 1886. The Calcethorpe with Kelstern ecclesiastical parish is now incorporated into the larger grouping of the Binbrook Group of Parishes.
Calcethorpe, with South Cadeby, immediately to its south, is the site of lost medieval villages of the same names, managed by Defra to preserve wildlife.
To the east of the village are Bronze Age barrows.
In 1917 RAF Kelstern was established adjacent to the village as a First World War airfield, and in 1942 became the Second World War home to No. 625 Squadron RAF.
References
External links
Hamlets in Lincolnshire
Civil parishes in Lincolnshire
East Lindsey District
The hooded tanager (Nemosia pileata) is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
The hooded tanager was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1779 in their Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Cayenne, French Guiana. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Tanagra pileata in their catalogue of the Planches Enluminées. The hooded tanager is now placed in the genus Nemosia that was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in 1816 with the hooded tanager as the type species. The genus name is from the Ancient Greek nemos meaning "glade" or "dell". The specific pileata is from the Latin pileatus meaning "-capped".
Six subspecies are recognised:
N. p. hypoleuca Todd, 1916 – north Colombia and north Venezuela
N. p. surinamensis Zimmer, JT, 1947 – Guyana and Suriname
N. p. pileata (Boddaert, 1783) – French Guiana through central Brazil to north Bolivia
N. p. interna Zimmer, JT, 1947 – north central Brazil
N. p. nana von Berlepsch, 1912 – northeast Peru and west Brazil
N. p. caerulea (zu Wied-Neuwied, 1831) – east and south Brazil, southeast Peru to east Bolivia, Paraguay and north Argentina
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the hooded tanager
Hooded Tanager: Photos from "Avifauna of the Interior of Ceará, Brasil"
hooded tanager
Birds of South America
hooded tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A fear of flying is a fear of air travel.
Fear of Flying may also refer to:
Fear of Flying (novel), a 1973 novel by Erica Jong
"Fear of Flying" (The Simpsons), a 1994 episode of the animated television series The Simpsons
"Fear of Flying", a 1992 segment of the animated television show Tom & Jerry Kids
Turbulence II: Fear of Flying, the 1999 sequel to the movie Turbulence
"(No More) Fear of Flying" a 1979 single and album by Gary Brooker
Fear of Flying (album), a 2000 album by Mýa
"Fear of Flying", a song by Teenage Fanclub from their 1993 album Thirteen
"Fear of Flying", a song by Bowery Electric
"Fear of Flying", a song by Kimberly Caldwell
Fear of Flying, a disbanded British indie rock band (members now make up White Lies)
Fear of Flying, an episode of the British television sitcom So What Now?
Zhōnghuá Mínguó Línshí Zhèngfǔ () may refer to:
The Provisional Government of the Republic of China (1912)
The Provisional Government of the Republic of China (1937–40), a puppet government supported by Japan
McInerney, Francis was a Gaelic footballer from Doonbeg County Clare. They won a Munster Senior Football Championship as captain in 1992 when Clare had a surprise win over Kerry in the final.
At club level they played with Doonbeg and had much success. They won Clare Senior Football Championship in 1988, 1991, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999 and 2001, they also won a Munster Senior Club Football Championship and played in losing finals in 1991 and 1999.
References
http://www.hoganstand.com/Clare/ArticleForm.aspx?ID=63010
Honours
Club
Clare Senior Football Championship (7) 1988 1991 1995 1996 1998 1999 2001
Munster Senior Club Football Championship (1) 1998
Clare
McGrath Cup (6) 1986 1991 1990 1994 1995 1997
National Football League Division 2 (2) 1992 1995
Munster Senior Football Championship (1) 1992
Clare inter-county Gaelic footballers
Doonbeg Gaelic footballers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
George Hanosh (January 7, 1938 – December 7, 2008) was an American politician and business person who served as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1998 to 2008.
Early life and education
Hanosh was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. They graduated from New Mexico Highlands University.
Career
After earning their bachelor's degree, Hanosh moved to Grants, New Mexico and became a car salesperson and General Motors dealership owner. They eventually served as the chair of the New Mexico Automobile Dealers Association. Hanosh was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1998 to 2008. They did not seek re-election in 2008 due to an illness.
Personal life
Hanosh and their wife, Barbara, had eight children. They died in Grants, New Mexico on December 7, 2008. Hanosh is the namesake of George Hanosh Blvd. in Grants.
References
1938 births
2008 deaths
New Mexico Highlands University alumni
People from Grants, New Mexico
Members of the New Mexico House of Representatives
People from Bernalillo County, New Mexico
People from Cibola County, New Mexico
Politicians from Albuquerque, New Mexico
Businesspeople from New Mexico
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
Paula Clamp (born 1967 in Nottinghamshire, England) is a British novelist, playwright and Visiting Lecturer at the University of Ulster.
Them first two novels, described as "Northern Irish chick-lit", were best-sellers in Ireland. They have previously held the post of Arts Officer for North Down Borough Council and has master's degrees in Cultural Management and Anglo-Irish Literature.
Bibliography
Standing in a Hammock (2002),
Beetle Mania (2003),
References
1967 births
Living people
English women novelists
British women dramatists and playwrights
British chick lit writers
People from Nottinghamshire
21st-century English novelists
21st-century English women writers
Yeom Yoon-jung is a South Korean curler. They were the alternate on the South Korean National Women's Curling Team from 2015–16.
Career
Yeom played second for Gim Un-chi at the 2009 Pacific-Asia Junior Curling Championships where the team won a bronze medal. They joined the Kim Ji-sun rink as their alternate in 2014 with Gim throwing fourth stones, Um Min-ji at third, Lee Seul-bee at second and Ji-sun skipping the team but throwing the lead rocks. They won the 2015 South Korean National Curling Championships and were the South Korean National Women's Curling Team for the 2015–16 season. They lost the final of the 2015 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships to Japan's Satsuki Fujisawa. This meant they qualified South Korea for the 2016 World Women's Curling Championship, Yeom's first. The team surprised many by defeating higher-ranked teams Sweden and Canada. They finished the week in seventh place with a 5–6 record. The team lost the semifinal of the 2016 Korean Nationals in April 2016 and would lose their title of the national team to the Kim Eun-jung rink. Kim stepped back from competitive curling after the event and Yeom was moved to lead on the team. After the team didn't win the 2017 Nationals, Yeom stepped back from competitive curling.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Sportspeople from Gyeonggi Province
People from Uijeongbu
South Korean female curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Le nid des Marsupilamis, written and drawn by Franquin, is the twelfth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series. The title story, and another, La foire aux gangsters, were serialised in Spirou magazine before the release in a hardcover album in 1960.
Story
In The Nest of the Marsupilamis, Seccotine invites Spirou and Fantasio to a screening of their new documentary film, revealing what they have been doing since last seen in Palombia (in Le dictateur et le champignon). The film follows a Marsupilami in the wild, as they discover and courts a mate, and they form a family in need of care and protection.
In The Gangsters' Fair, Spirou and Fantasio are unexpectedly assaulted by a small martial arts-expert, Soto Kiki, who wants to train them in judo in order to act as bodyguards for the European visit of oil tycoon John P. Nut, a man with gangster enemies. All changes as the gangsters attempt to assassinate Soto Kiki, and kidnap the millionaire's infant son.
Background
Since the stories of this album were produced some time apart, the protagonists abruptly shift from driving their Turbotraction:Turbot-Rhino I in the first story, and the Turbot 2 in the second.
Gaston Lagaffe features in their third Spirou adventure cameo in La foire aux gangsters. The version of this album differs slightly from the one serialised in Spirou, in that a final half-page has been removed.
In the original comic, issue 1045 published in late April 1958, Soto Kiki places a bomb in a rival gangster's car which explodes, killing their enemy. But Soto Kiki is nearby gloating and is subsequently arrested by the police who were also watching the property. Franquin concludes with a moral: "Gangster? Don't tell me about it. It's the worse job ever!"
The book version replaced this unpleasant scene with a simple drawing of Gaston being released from prison, having been arrested with gangsters whom they assumed were friends of Spirou.
Franquin created Le nid des Marsupilamis - which features extensive parenting sequences - while their wife Liliane expected their first child.
In 1987, Marsu Productions launched a new series of the Marsupilami with La Queue du Marsupilami ("The Marsupilami's Tail"). Set in the Palombian jungle, this series features the further adventures of the Marsupilami, their mate and their family.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Final page of La foire aux gangsters on InediSpirou
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1960 graphic novels
1960 in comics
Comics set in South America
Comics set in a fictional country
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
Dula Bhaya Kag (25 November 1903 – 22 February 1977) or Kag Bapu was an Indian poet, songwriter, writer, and artist born in 1903 in majadar village, a village in the Saurashtra region, near Mahuva in the Indian state of Gujarat.  They are mainly known for their work on spiritual poetry relating to Hinduism. They were facilitated with Padma Shri award in the year 1962.
Early life
They were born in a Charan family in 1903 at Sodvadari, a village of their Maternal Parents. "He was very shy in their childhood" told by their relative. Kag received a 5th-grade education before leaving to tend their family's cattle and farm. Eventually, they became involved in the nationalist movement and prohibition after the formation of Saurashtra State, causing them to donate their land to Vinoba Bhave's Bhoodan Movement.
Career
Kag is known for publishing Kagvani, an eight-volume work consisting of devotional songs (episodes from the Ramayana and the Mahabharata), as well as songs based on Gandhian philosophy and the Bhoodan movement. They wrote eulogies for Mahatma Gandhi and Bhave. They also wrote many poems on Sonal Aai and Yogiji Maharaj the 4th spiritual successor of Bhagwan Swaminarayan in BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha. They were also known as Bhagat Bapu and Kag Bapu.
One couplet from them may be helpful in feeling the depths and warmth of their pen...viz. "Ek ranga ne ujalaa, eeni bhitar beeji na bhaat,vahali-dawali waat, ene karje dil ni Kaagdaa(im Gujarati)" .... In English- "Those having single colour & stainless having no other hues inside, Are the ones to whom the innermost feelings (whether happy or painful) of your heart you can share O crow..."
Crow/kaag is short name of poet saint of Majadar village between victor-mahuva, rechristened "Kagdham" in memory of him.....
As a result of their literary and political contributions to India, the country awarded them the Padma Shri award in 1962.
Death and legacy
Kag died on 2 February 1977, at the age of 74. Despite their limited education, their poems are used from primary education to master's programs. On 25 November 2004, the Department of Posts released a commemorative stamp from Ahmedabad in denominations of to mark their 102nd anniversary. Kagdham village constructed a "Kag Dwar" at the entrance of Kagdham Village in memory of Kagbapu.
Though they are dead, their legacy of poems is immortal.
Kag Family
Kavi Kag family resides in Kagdham and Bhavnagar. They handle a trust which works for the programs and charity on name of Padmashree Dula Bhaya Kag. Many folk singers and loksahityakar are awarded with "Kavi Kag Award" for their excellence in the field of music and sahitya. It is organised every year at Kagdham with blessings of Pujya MorariBapu.
Photos
References
Poets from Gujarat
Recipients of the Padma Shri in literature & education
1903 births
1977 deaths
Indian male singer-songwriters
20th-century Indian poets
20th-century Indian male writers
20th-century Indian male singers
Charan
The Research Center for Applied Science and Advanced Technology (CICATA) was created by an agreement of the Instituto Politécnico Nacional (IPN) Consultive General Council (CGC) agreement, 1 September 1996. At the beginning, it was a research center with five different units. These units were located at:
Altamira, Tamaulipas
Ciudad de México
Morelia, Michoacán
Querétaro
Puebla
As time passed by CICATA Puebla moved to Tlaxcala, and became the Research Center for Applied Biotechnology (CIBA). On the other hand, CICATA Morelia was closed by instructions of Miguel Angel Correa Jasso, General Director of IPN, in 2000. The remaining units, Altamira and Querétaro, became independent research centers in 2005. Currently, these research centers are known as:
CICATA Altamira
CICATA Legaria
CICATA Querétaro
The CICATA's objective is to serve as a liaison between the academic community and the productive sector. To that end, CICATA provides educational, research, and technology development services.
References
Instituto Politécnico Nacional
SMS Eber, a 735-ton iron-hulled gunboat, was built at Kiel, Germany for gunboat diplomacy in the Pacific. It was a barque-rigged auxiliary steamer. After commissioning in September 1887 they were sent to the Pacific to serve in the German colonial empire. They disarmed the inhabitants of Nauru in 1888, ending their civil war and annexing the island to the German Empire. Eber was anchored in Apia Harbor, Samoa, during the 1889 Apia cyclone of 15–16 March 1889. Though they were the most modern of the seven warships present, damage to their propeller made it impossible for them to survive the violent wind and seas. After a long struggle, Eber was forced against the edge of the harbor reef and sank quickly, with the loss of 73 of their crewmen.
See also
Naruan Tribal War
References
Further reading
Gunboats of the Imperial German Navy
Shipwrecks of Samoa
Maritime incidents in 1889
1887 ships
Ships built in Kiel
U-74 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
, a Type UE I submarine launched in 1915 and that served in World War I until sunk 17 May 1916
During World War I, Germany also had these submarines with similar names:
, a Type UB III submarine launched in 1917 and sunk on 26 May 1918
, a Type UC II submarine launched in 1916 and interned at Barcelona on 21 November 1918; surrendered on 26 March 1919; broken up at Toulon in July 1921
, a Type VIIB submarine that served in World War II until sunk on 2 May 1942
Submarines of Germany
Scrum-half is the name of playing positions in both rugby football sports:
Scrum-half (rugby league)
Scrum-half (rugby union)
Homestead Valley, California may refer to:
Homestead Valley, Marin County, California, an unincorporated community
Homestead Valley, San Bernardino County, California, a census-designated place
Mary Patrick may refer to:
Mary Mills Patrick (1850-1940), American college president and author
Sister Mary Patrick, name in religion of Lady Frances Moloney (1873–1959), Irish co-founder of the Missionary Sisters of St. Columban
Sister Mary Patrick, character in the 1992 film Sister Act and its spinoffs
See also
The Battle of Las Anod saw Somaliland National Army engage Puntland forces in Las Anod, capital of the Sool region. The ensuing battle resulted in Somaliland ousting the Puntland army from the city.
Overview
Las Anod had until then been controlled by Puntland, who took control of the regional capital in 2002.
Somaliland had however been aiding local clan militias opposed to Puntland presence in the city. The clan militias were loyal to Ahmed Abdi Habsade, a former Puntland minister who later on defected to Somaliland.
Battle
In October 2007, the conflict mushroomed into a regional conflict over control of the city of Las Anod, as Somaliland regular army forces mobilized from their base in the town of Adhicadeeye, west of the city, and entered the conflict. Puntland was slow to mobilize a counter-attack, as Puntland's weak economy and overstretched military obligations in Mogadishu prevented a rapid response. After assuming control of the city on October 15th, Somaliland moved Sool's regional administration into Las Anod. Between 10 and 20 people were reported to be dead.
See also
Battle of Tukaraq
2010 Ayn Clashes
References
2007 in Somaliland
Conflicts in 2007
Octávio Figueira Trompowsky de Almeida (30 November 1897 – 26 March 1984) was a Brazilian chess player, who was born and died in Rio de Janeiro.
Trompowsky won the 1939 Brazilian Championship, but is best known as the player for whom the Trompowsky Attack (1.d4 Nf6 2.Bg5) chess opening was named.
References
Further reading
External links
1897 births
1984 deaths
Brazilian chess players
Chess theoreticians
Chess Olympiad competitors
Brazilian people of Polish descent
20th-century chess players
Hibbertia exasperata is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is an erect or straggling shrub that typically grows to a height of with sharply-pointed leaves. It has yellow flowers from June to October and grows on low ridges and sandplains. It was first formally described in 1845 by Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel in Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's Plantae Preissianae and was given the name Candollea exasperata. In 1900, John Isaac Briquet changed the name to Hibbertia exasperata. The specific epithet (exasperata) means "rough, with short, hard points", referring to the leaves.
Hibbertia exasperata is classified as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife.
See also
List of Hibbertia species
References
exasperata
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1845
Taxa named by Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel
Owsley County is a county located in the Eastern Coalfield region of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,051, making it the second-least populous county in Kentucky. The county seat is Booneville. The county was organized on January 23, 1843, from Clay, Estill, and Breathitt counties and named for William Owsley (1782–1862), the judge of the Kentucky Court of Appeals and Governor of Kentucky (1844–48). According to the 2010 census reports, Owsley County has the second-highest level of child poverty of any county in the United States. In terms of income per household, the county is the poorest in the nation. Between 1980 and 2014, the rate of death from cancer in the county increased by 45.6 percent, the largest such increase of any county in the United States.
History
Owsley County was formed in 1843 from portions of Clay, Breathitt, and Estill Counties and was named for Governor William Owsley. Owsley County was Kentucky's 96th county. Parts of Owsley County were used to form Jackson County in 1858 and Lee County in 1870.
The first settlers in Owsley County were John Renty Baker and John Abner. They settled there in about 1780 near the present Clay County line at Courtland. A gravestone in a cemetery on Upper Buffalo Creek reads, "Milly, wife of John Abner, died March 1846."
John Renty Baker and their sons, all of them gunsmiths, invented and developed hand-operated machines to rifle the barrels. John Renty Baker's father, Robert Baker, is sometimes credited with developing the firearm known as the "Kentucky Rifle".
John Renty Baker was one of the "Longhunters", spending more than a year at a time in the hunting and trapping in the forests of Kentucky and Tennessee. According to "The Conquest of the Old Southwest", Baker hunted in Kentucky in 1766 with Daniel Boone's brother-in-law, John Stewart. They lived on the Green River among the Cherokees and made trips down the Cumberland River to Spanish Natchez to sell furs.
After the death of their wife, Baker became a recluse and lived in a rock house (rockshelter) near the mouth of Buffalo Creek, where they died in 1820. They were the father of at least 21 children, who are documented.
The Baker family is the source of many stories. They were involved in one of the longest and bloodiest family feuds in U.S. history, which began in 1843 when Dr. Thomas Baker (a grandson of Julius Bob Baker) shot John Bales. Dr. Baker and Bales had both married to daughters of John White, and the couples became more intimate than was usual in the mountain country. Dr. Baker was insanely jealous of their wife and Bales. In a fit of rage, they abandoned their wife and filed for divorce, although they later withdrew it. Baker and Bales worked at a salt works in Manchester, and one day Baker called Bales to the door and shot them with their pepper box pistol. As they lay dying, Bales cursed Baker and ordered $10,000 from their estate to be used for to capture and convict him. The family feud lasted for 59 years and eventually cost more than 100 lives.
The first settler of Booneville was James Moore Sr. Their home was just outside of Booneville, in front of today's Booneville Homes apartments. Moore's son, James Jr., built a two-room cabin across the river from their parents. This cabin still exists, though it has been enlarged and remodeled through the years. It is currently owned by Booneville's mayor, Charles Long.
James Moores' land included all of Booneville, extending east across the South Fork River and towards Lerose. The community was originally known as Moore's Station, but it was renamed Booneville (for Daniel Boone) when it was incorporated in 1846. James Moore Jr. was the first postmaster. When the county was formed in 1843, Elias Moore donated the land for its seat. The post office opened in 1844. Owsley County lost part of its territory to Jackson County in 1858, and two years later lost more to Wolfe County. In 1870, Lee County was formed, and Owsley County was reduced to its present size.
The first permanent settlers of Owsley County were the Moore, Bowman, Baker, Gabbard, and Reynolds families. Most land patents came from Virginia, which Kentucky was once a part of. These were issued for military service, settlement or preemption, and for warrants from the treasury. Some families even today live on their original land grants.
Unfortunately, the court house burned to the ground January 1929, destroying all of Owsley County's early records. Fire struck again on January 5, 1967, seriously damaging the replacement court house.
Alcohol prohibition
Although 97% of communities within the U.S. allow the legal sale of alcohol, until a 2013 election, Owsley County was a "dry county" that prohibited the sale of alcohol. This included the City of Booneville, the county seat. County voters had repeatedly rejected the repeal of alcohol prohibition laws enacted in 1920. This ended on March 6, 2013, when a majority of county voters voted to designate the county "wet". The vote was 632 "wet", 518 "dry". This permitted the sale of alcohol once the fiscal court had set ordinances to regulate the distribution of alcoholic beverages. Even though the sale of alcohol had long been forbidden, its consumption has been legal since 1933, when the Twenty-first Amendment was implemented.
As was typical, drunk driving during Owsley's time as a dry county was more of a problem than in wet counties, due to the necessity of driving the long distances necessary to buy legally-sold alcohol. A 2003 study in Kentucky suggested that residents of dry counties have to drive farther from their homes to consume alcohol, which resulted in increased impaired driving.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. The South Fork of the Kentucky River passes through the county. Most of the precipitation that falls on the county ends up in this tributary of the Kentucky River. Some, however, on the northwest side of the county is in the Kentucky River watershed. Flood plains along the banks of the South of the Kentucky River and several streams provide the level land necessary for development/farming.
The county is located in the Eastern Mountain Coal Fields which is a part of the Appalachian Plateau (more precisely, the Cumberland Plateau). The elevation of the highest summit in the county is (+/- ). It is located on the county's extreme southern boundary with Clay County. The lowest elevation ( +/- ) is at the point where the South Fork crosses the Owsley/Lee border on the north side of the county.
Adjacent counties
Lee County (north)
Breathitt County (east)
Perry County (southeast)
Clay County (south)
Jackson County (west)
Major highways
Kentucky Route 30
Kentucky Route 11
Kentucky Route 28
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest, (the same national forest that encompasses the frequently-visited rock climbing and hiking destination known as the Red River Gorge)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 4,755 people, 2,328 housing units, and 1,733 households residing in the county. The population density was . The racial makeup of the county was 98.7% White, 0.3% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, ~ 0% Asian, 0% Pacific Islander, and 0.8% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 1,894 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98.
The age distribution was 24.6% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $15,805, which is the third lowest in the nation and the lowest among counties with a non-Hispanic white majority population, and the median income for a family was $18,034. Males had a median income of $25,100 versus $18,203 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,742. About 41.7% of families and 45.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 56.3% of those under age 18 and 34.5% of those age 65 or over.
In 2009, government benefits accounted for 53.07% of personal income.
Politics
Owing to its fierce Unionist sympathies, seen in the fact that the county saw a greater proportion of its population volunteer for the Union Army than any other county in Kentucky, and likely any other county in the country, Owsley County became, and has always remained, an overwhelmingly Republican county. Every Republican presidential candidate has carried Owsley County since the party seriously contested the state for the first time in 1864. Since 1888, no Democratic candidate has received as much as forty percent of the county's vote, and only twice (Lyndon Johnson in 1964 and Bill Clinton in 1996) have the Democrats received so much as thirty percent.
Economy
Natural resources
Though deep mines in thin coal seams once provided jobs and income for local residents, this is not the case in present-day Owsley County. There are some surface coal mining sites in the county—one notable strip mine is visible from the road and presently operating 3 miles north of Booneville on Kentucky Route 11.
Gas and oil wells are particularly dense on the north side of the county, though few are in operation.
Timber is an integral part of the local economy. There is a sawmill located in the Lerose community on Kentucky Route 30 East. Several log-yards are visible where timber is staged for further processing.
Education
Public schools are operated by the Owsley County School District. Owsley County has one Christian Private school currently operating. Sugar Camp Baptist Church maintains a primary educational facility off of Hwy. 30 East.
Attractions
Abraham Lincoln Relief Sculpture
The Abraham Lincoln Relief Sculpture, locally known as Abe Lincoln Rock or Abraham Lincoln Rock, is located just off Highway 846 in the Conkling community of Owsley County. The sculpture is listed in the inventory of folk art in the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
The sculpture was carved by a traveling pack peddler, Granville Johnson, in the 1930s. Local legend has it that Johnson had come to Owsley County ill and in need of assistance. The John Williams family cared for them on their farm located south of Booneville. As they began to recover their strength, Mr. Johnson would take a hammer and chisel and climb the hill behind the Williams' home each day. Once recovered well enough to travel again they revealed the sculpture, which they had created as a gift of appreciation to the family.
The Owsley County Fiscal Court purchased the sculpture and surrounding land in 2008 from Clyde and Dianna Combs. There are no signs informing would-be visitors of its actual location; therefore, it's difficult to find for any potential tourists who wish to visit the site.
Cemeteries
Baker-Amis Cemetery
Botner Cemetery
Callahan Cemetery
Clark-Scott Cemetery
Cortland Cemetery
Elijah Isaacs Graveyard
Griffith Cemetery
Gross Cemetery
Horn Hill Cemetery
John Tyler Brewer Cemetery
King Cemetery
Lerose Cemetery
McIntosh Cemetery
Morris Cemetery
Noble Cemetery
Pendergrass Cemetery
Shepherd Cemetery
Stewart Cemetery
Island City Community Cemetery (maintained by the 1st Baptist Church of Island City)
Communities
Arnett
Big Springs
Blake
Booneville (county seat)
Brewer Neighborhood
Chestnut Gap
Conkling
Couch Fork
Couch Town
Cowcreek
Elk Lick
Endee
Eversole
Fish Creek
Hall
Hogg
Indian Creek
Island City
Lerose
Levi
Lucky Fork
Major
Mistletoe
Moors
Needmore
Pebworth
Pleasant
Ricetown
Rock Spring
Rockhouse
Scoville
Sebastian
Shephard
Southfork
Stacey
Stay
Sturgeon
Sugar Camp
Taft
Travellers Rest
Vincent
Whoopflarea
Notable residents
Earle Combs
Earle Bryan Combs, born May 13, 1899, at Pebworth in Owsley County, played baseball for the New York Yankees from 1924 to 1935 and was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1970. They were an ideal leadoff hitter for the legendary teams of the 1920s and 1930s. During this time, they played with Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig. They averaged nearly 200 hits and 70 walks a season helping them compile a .325 career batting mark.  They are featured in the National Baseball Hall of Fame. A plaque to honor their birthplace stands on Highway 11 in Pebworth.
Combs left Owsley County to pursue an education in 1917 at the age of 18. After they left the county, they never returned for any considerable amount of time. Eventually in 1954, they settled in Richmond, KY after their extensive professional baseball career.
Daniel Boone
According to Joyce Wilson's book, A Romantic History of Owsley County, Daniel Boone made their way to Owsley County on a two-year hunt from 1769 to 1771. In 1784 they returned and surveyed some 50,000 acres for James Moore and Col. John Donelson. Boone used a huge rock at the mouth of Sexton's Creek, on which they carved their initials, as their starting point in these surveys. This rock, known as "Boone Rock" or "Goose Rock" is still there, located approximately nine miles south of Booneville on Highway 11 South. However, due to changes in the course of the stream throughout time, the initials are underwater and cannot be seen, even during dry seasons.
Boone was impressed with this area and called it "a place where peace crowns the sylvan shade." They owned their own land, of which a portion remained in the family until 1819, when Daniel Boone Jr. transferred the last 1,000-acre tract on Meadow Creek to William Strong.
Daniel Boone's favorite camping spot, known as the "old encampment", is located a half a mile south of Booneville between the highway and the river just below the area known as the "Sag". In later life, Daniel Boone learned that many claims they had to land were invalid because someone else had made official claims before they did.
Daniel Boone's granddaughter, Leah Schull Newman, and other Boone descendants, are buried in the Newnam Cemetery located in the Pebworth area on Highway 11 North.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Owsley County, Kentucky
References
Further reading
External links
Eastern Kentucky Arts Project - Owsley County page
Owsley (surname) Family Historical Society website
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1843 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1843
Cape Roger Harbour (sometimes known as Cape Roger) is a tiny abandoned town located near St. Joseph's, Placentia Bay in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada that had a tiny population of 4 in 1845. Despite only being sparsely inhabited, the harbour has been used since the early 19th century for the fishery, particularly that of the herring and salmon fishery.
Geography
Located on the western side of Placentia Bay, Cape Roger Harbour is within Cape Roger Bay which lies between St. Joseph's, Placentia Bay and Port Anne. Cape Roger Harbour, which is protected from the elements by Harbour Island, is bounded by water spouts that rush through the sandy loam that lies on the beach area. They can consistently rise above 10 feet over sea level.
Buried Treasure
It is a popular belief that buried treasure is located within Cape Roger Harbour, however all attempts to unearth it has failed.
See also
Oderin Island (Newfoundland and Labrador)
Petite Forte, Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Ghost towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
Turcoaia is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Turcoaia.
A village called Iglița used to exist in the area; after being destroyed, its territory was folded into that of Turcoaia.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Abid is an actor, model and a singer who predominantly works in Hindi and Malayalam film industries.  They are known for their lead role in the movie Rani Rani Rani starring Tannishtha Chatterjee, Asif Basra, Alexx O'Nell etc.  They are also known for their character roles in the movies Innanu Aa Kalyanam, Flat No 4B, Kerala Nattilam Pengaludane etc.  They are also an award winner of Gandarva Sangeetham music reality show conducted by Kairali TV in 2011 and a semifinalist in the reality show conducted by Jeevan TV in 2009. They have also acted in over 80 television advertisements.
References
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Living people
Male actors from Kochi
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Indian male film actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jorge Coste can refer to:
Jorge Coste (footballer) (born 1988), Mexican footballer
Jorge Coste (water polo) (born 1959), Mexican water polo player
Gratiola quartermaniae, commonly known as the limestone hedge-hyssop, is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family. It is native to eastern North America.
This species has a highly fragmented range. It is most common in the Interior Low Plateaus of Alabama and Tennessee. There are disjunct populations in the Edwards Plateau of Texas, northern Illinois, the Pennyroyal Plain of Kentucky, and to southern Ontario. In each of these wide-ranging locations it is found on areas of pooling water over flat limestone outcrops, in habitats such as cedar glades and alvars. It is likely that this newly described species is more widespread than is currently realized. Due to its highly scattered range and restricted habitat, as well as the threat of habitat destruction in middle Tennessee, this species is considered vulnerable.
This species was first described in 2007. It is closely related to Gratiola neglecta, which collections were previously identified as. It is distinguished by its more linear leaves, its nearly hairless midstem, and its thicker seeds.
It produces tubular, cream-colored flowers in the spring.
References
quartermaniae
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Plants described in 2007
Damhead Creek power station is a 792 MWe gas-fired power station in Kent, England, on the Hoo Peninsula. It is near the site of the decommissioned Kingsnorth power station.
History
Entergy, an American power firm, commissioned the plant. It was built by Raytheon Engineers and Constructor and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, who provided the gas turbine equipment. The plant entered service in February 2001. The company trades as Damhead Creek Ltd.
On 2 June 2004, the plant was bought by Scottish Power for £317 million.
On 9 March 2009, Scottish Power announced plans to develop a second 1,000MW gas-fired power station adjacent to the current power station to be named Damhead Creek 2.
The plant was purchased and operated by Drax Generation Enterprise Ltd in 2018 before being sold to Vitol's VPI Holding in December 2020.
Specification
It is a CCGT type power station that uses natural gas. There are two Mitsubishi 701F gas turbines with the exhaust gas from each entering two (Dutch) NEM heat recovery steam generators. The steam from This enters one 216MWe Mitsubishi steam turbine. There are three hydrogen-cooled turbo generators: two on the gas turbines, and one on the steam turbine.
See also
Salt End Power Station
References
External links
Installation
Natural gas-fired power stations in England
Buildings and structures in Kent
Power stations in South East England
Manguru "Martin" Frederick (born 17 May 2000) is an Australian rules footballer of Sudanese descent who plays for Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
They made their AFL debut in Round 6 of the 2021 AFL season against at Adelaide Oval.
 They are the twin brother of Minairo "Michael" Frederick, who plays for .
References
External links
2000 births
Australian people of South Sudanese descent
Sportspeople of South Sudanese descent
Living people
Port Adelaide Football Club players
Port Adelaide Football Club players (all competitions)
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Twin people from Australia
Twin sportspeople
Woodville-West Torrens Football Club players
South Sudanese players of Australian rules football
John Paradise (1743–1795) was an Anglo-Greek linguist, known as a friend of Samuel Johnson and Fellow of the Royal Society.
Life
They were born at Thessalonica in April 1743, the son of Peter Paradise (died 1 February 1779), who was the English consul there. They were educated at Padua, then lived in London for most of their life in London. They knew ancient and modern Greek, Latin, Turkish, French, Italian, and English. Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson encouraged them to come to America. In correspondence with the latter in the 1780s, Paradise assisted Jefferson in studying the Greek language.
On 14 April 1769 Paradise was created M.A. of Oxford University, and on 3 July 1776 the degree of D.C.L. was conferred on him. They were elected Fellow of the Royal Society on 2 May 1771. Their house was open to men of letters, and they entertained leading literary figures. Samuel Johnson dined with him, and on one occasion met Joseph Priestley there at dinner. When Johnson started an evening club at the Essex Head Tavern in Essex Street, London, in December 1783, Paradise was one of the regular attendants. Sir Joshua Reynolds, when discussing the club, enumerated them among the "very learned". They were one of the mourners at Johnson's funeral.
Paradise, a friend of Sir William Jones, was described as very silent, modest, and amiable. They lived at one time in Charles Street, Cavendish Square; they died at Great Titchfield Street, London, on 12 December 1795. They left money to buy mourning rings to nine: Isaac Hawkins Browne, Nathaniel Burwell, Bennet Langton, Samuel Horsley, Thomas Jefferson, Richard Warburton Lytton, Frederick North, William Windham, and Semyon Romanovich Woronzow.
Family
Paradise on 18 May 1769 married Lucy (1751–1814), daughter of Philip Ludwell III, a plantation owner from Virginia. Around 1805 after the death of their husband and two daughters they returned to Williamsburg, where they lived in the Ludwell-Paradise House.
Notes
External links
Attribution
John Paradise: The First Naturalized U.S. Citizen and Thomas Jefferson's Greek-Language Tutor, Ludwell.org
The History of the Order of AHEPA - The First Greeks in the New World (Page 8)
1743 births
1795 deaths
Linguists from the United Kingdom
Fellows of the Royal Society
New Taipei City Council () is the city council of New Taipei City, Republic of China. It is now composed of 66 councillors, all recently elected on 24 November 2018 in the local elections. Along with the Kaohsiung City Council, the city council is the largest local council in terms of seats.
History
The council was originally established Taipei County Council. On 25 December 2010, it was changed to New Taipei City Council.
Organization
Meeting Affairs Division
General Affairs Division
Legal Affairs Office
Public Relations Office
Information Management Office
Administration Office
Documentation Office
Personnel Office
Accounting Office
Transportation
The council is accessible within walking distance South West from Jiangzicui Station of Taipei Metro.
See also
New Taipei City Government
References
External links
Pou Rieng (), formerly Kampong Leav (), is a district located in Prey Veng province, in south-eastern Cambodia.
Administration
According to the 1998 census, the Kampong Leav District consisted of 8 communes with a total population of 55,054. In 2008–2009 three communes—Baray, Cheung Tuek and Kampong Leav—formed a new district, the Prey Veng Municipality; according to the 2008 census, the population of the resulting five-commune district was 29,259.
In 2011 the district was renamed Pou Rieng (or Pur Rieng) and two communes which previously belonged to the Pea Reang district—Kampong Ruessei and Preaek Ta Sar—were added to the district. In 2019 the Ta Kao Commune was incorporated to the Prey Veng Municipality.
The following table shows the communes in the district as of 2020.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Raja Muhammad Asad Khan (; born 29 May 1975) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
 They are brother of Raja Muhammad Safdar Khan.
Early life
They were born on 29 May 19xx?????.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-63 (Jhelum-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 46,722 votes and defeated Nawabzada Syed Shams Haider.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-63 (Jhelum-II) as a candidate of PML-N in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 79,662 votes and defeated Chaudhry Shahbaz Hussain, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
In 2013, they quit PML-N and joined Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
References
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Jhelum District
1975 births
Army Burn Hall College alumni
Politicians from Jhelum
Santee Town Center station is a station on the Green Line of the San Diego Trolley, in the San Diego suburb of Santee, California. The station currently serves as the Green Line's northeastern terminus and serves as a major park and ride station. It is located inside a shopping center on the northeast quadrant of the intersection of Mission Gorge Road and Cuyamaca Street.
History
Santee Town Center opened on August 26, 1995, as the new terminus of the East Line (renamed the Orange Line in 1997), marking the fourth segment to open on the line. In 2005, the Orange Line was truncated to (and later ) and service to Santee was replaced by the Green Line. The truncation was originally due to the fact that the path between Gillespie Field and Santee Town Center is single tracked, and having two lines running on that route would cause operational issues.
Until September 2005, Santee city law prohibited rail service after 9:00 p.m., meaning that most evening service terminated at El Cajon. The law was lifted in September 2005, soon after the Green Line began operation to Santee.
Station layout
There are two tracks, each served by a side platform. Trains usually board and alight passengers from one of the eastbound platforms.
See also
List of San Diego Trolley stations
References
External links
Shop Santee Trolley Square, Santee, CA
Green Line (San Diego Trolley)
San Diego Trolley stations
Santee, California
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1995
1995 establishments in California
Nuorese may refer to:
A dialect of the Sardinian language
F.C. Nuorese Calcio, a football (soccer) team from Nuoro
See also
Nuoro
The Brabham BT58 was a Formula One racing car designed by John Baldwin and Sergio Rinland for the Brabham team which raced in the season. The teams cars were driven by Italian Stefano Modena and the 1988 World Sportscar Champion, the returning Martin Brundle. It made its debut at the 1989 Brazilian Grand Prix and continued until the first two races of . The best result achieved was a third place at the 1989 Monaco Grand Prix driven by Modena. The car was powered by the Judd V8 engine and ran on Pirelli tyres.
1989
After missing the entire season, the first time since that the Brabham name wasn't on the F1 grid as a constructor, the team was forced into pre-qualifying for 1989, largely thanks to the increased entry to Formula One that year in light of the new regulations that banned the powerful, but expensive, turbocharged engines. Brabham, making a welcome return to the F1 paddock, proved competitive with the Judd powered BT58, with Modena never failing to pre-qualify, while car problems saw Brundle only failing to do so twice (Canada and France). Both Brundle and Modena proved very competitive at the Monaco Grand Prix, running behind the all-conquering McLaren-Honda cars of Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost. Brundle was running a fine third late in the race when they were forced to pit to replace a dead battery, ultimately finishing sixth (unlike most other cars in the field, the BT58 had its battery under the driver's seat and not behind the driver's head, meaning Brundle had to vacate the car in the pits in order for the team to replace it). It was Modena who benefited from Brundle's misfortune as they would finish third behind the McLarens. The points scored at Monaco meant that the team 'graduated' from pre-qualifying for the second half of the season.
Modena's third place at Monaco was Brabham's 120th and final podium finish for the team started by Australian World Champion Jack Brabham in .
Part of the BT58's initial advantage was its Pirelli qualifying tyres, although like other teams using the Italian rubber, the race tyres were not of the same quality. However, during the last half of the season as Formula One moved to faster circuits such as Silverstone, Hockenheim and Monza, the BT58's lack of straight line speed, and Pirelli's less than competitive race tyres, saw that results were harder to come by, though Brundle did defy the odds by finishing sixth at Monza after Modena was excluded during qualifying when their car weighed in under the legal limit. After scoring 5 points in Monaco, the team would only score another 3 for the rest of the season, with Brundle finishing sixth in the Italian Grand Prix, and fifth in Japan.
1990
The BT58 was used for the first two races of the season, with Modena finishing 5th in the season's opening race in Phoenix. The BT58 was replaced by the Brabham BT59 from the third race of the year in San Marino.
Complete Formula One results
(key)
* All points scored with the BT58
References
Brabham Formula One cars
1989 Formula One season cars
1990 Formula One season cars
Suhaimi is an Asian name that may refer to
Given name
Suhaimi Anak Sulau (born 1996), Bruneian football defender
Suhaimi Hassan (died 2013), Malaysian politician
Suhaimi Kamaruddin, Malaysian politician
Suhaimi Sulaiman (born 1962), Malaysian news anchor and media strategist
Suhaimi Yusof (born 1969), Singaporean actor, comedian, entertainer and radio personality
Patronymic or surname
Abdul Latiff Suhaimi (born 1989), Malaysian football player
Azalia Suhaimi (born 1985), Malaysian poet, photographer and creative writer
Azim Izamuddin Suhaimi (born 1997), Bruneian footballer
Hasnul Suhaimi (born 1957), Indonesian telecommunications executive
Mohamad Faiz Suhaimi (born 1992), Malaysian football defender
Mohd Iqbal Suhaimi (born 1984), Malaysian football player
Muhaimin Suhaimi (born 1995), Singaporean football player
Sahil Suhaimi (born 1992), Singaporean football player
The Next Fifty Years: Science in the First Half of the Twenty-First Century is a 2002 collection of essays by twenty-five well-known scientists, edited by Edge Foundation founder John Brockman, who wrote the introduction.
The essays contain speculation by the authors about the scientific and technological advances that are likely to occur in their various fields in the first half of the 21st century.
The collection is divided into two parts; the twelve essays in Part One are devoted to more theoretical speculation, whereas the thirteen essays in Part Two discuss the possible practical applications of scientific and technological advance.
The contributing scientists are:
Lee Smolin, The Future of the Nature of the Universe
Martin Rees, Cosmological Challenges: Are We Alone, and Where?
Ian Stewart, The Mathematics of 2050
Brian Goodwin, In the Shadow of Culture
Marc D. Hauser, Swappable Minds
Alison Gopnik, What Children Will Teach Scientists
Paul Bloom, Toward a Theory of Moral Development
Geoffrey Miller, The Science of Subtlety
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, The Future of Happiness
Robert M. Sapolsky, Will We Still Be Sad Fifty Years from Now?
Steven Strogatz, Fermi's "Little Discovery" and the Future of Chaos and Complexity Theory
Stuart Kauffman, What Is Life?
Richard Dawkins, Son of Moore's Law
Paul Davies, Was There a Second Genesis?
John H. Holland, What Is to Come and How to Predict It?
Rodney Brooks, The Merger of Flesh and Machines
Peter Atkins, The Future of Matter
Roger C. Schank, Are We Going to Get Smarter?
Jaron Lanier, The Complexity Ceiling
David Gelernter, Tapping Into the Beam
Joseph E. LeDoux, Mind, Brain, and Self
Judith Rich Harris, What Makes Us the Way We Are: The View from 2050
Samuel Barondes, Drugs, DNA, and the Analyst's Couch
Nancy Etcoff, Brain Scans, Wearables, and Brief Encounters
Paul W. Ewald, Mastering Disease
2002 non-fiction books
Scientific essays
Futurology books
Books by John Brockman
The Ministry of the Gas Industry (Mingazprom; ) was a government ministry in the Soviet Union responsible for the Soviet oil industry and related sectors.
It was created in 1957 as the Main Administration for the Gas Industry; renamed State Production Committee for the Gas Industry in 1963. It received its ministerial title in 1965. In 1989 Gazprom was established as a successor to the ministry. After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, assets outside of Russia were transferred to national companies such as Ukrgazprom and Turkmengazprom.
List of ministers
Source:
Aleksei Kortunov (2.10.1965 - 20.9.1972)
Sabit Orujov (20.9.1972 - 10.5.1981)
Vasili Dinkov (10.5.1981 - 13.2.1985)
Viktor Chernomyrdin (13.2.1985 - 17.7.1989)
References
Gas Industry
India–Sudan relations (; ), also called Indian-Sudanese relations or Indo-Sudanese relations, refers to the international relations that exists between India and Sudan.
History
Relations between India and Sudan date back to ancient times. Evidence indicated that there were contacts and possibly trade between Nilotic and Indus Valley Civilizations via Mesopotamia. Evidence suggests that trade between Indian and Nubian kingdoms of Sudan via the Red Sea increased towards the end of the 12th century. Sennar, the capital of the Funj Sultanate, had an extensive silk, silver ornaments, leather and gold trade with India through Sawakin Port by 1699.
Two steel suspension rail bridges in Khartoum and Atbara were imported from India in the 1900s. These bridges are still in use today. Since 1900, Indian experts have been involved in the development of Sudan's forestry sector. Mahatma Gandhi visited the Port Sudan in 1935, on their way to England, and met with the members of the Indian diaspora in Sudan. Jawaharlal Nehru also stopped over in Port Sudan in 1938 on their way to the United Kingdom. Nehru visited the Chhotalal Samji Virani. The Graduates from General Congress of Sudan, established in 1938, was greatly inspired by the Indian National Congress. The British Indian Army and Sudanese soldiers fought together in Eritrea in 1941. They secured victory in the decisive Battle of Keren, for which the Bengal Sappers were awarded the Victoria Cross for clearing mines in Metemma.
India's Chief Election Commissioner Sukumar Sen oversaw the first Sudanese parliamentary elections in 1953. The Sudanese Election Commission, established in 1957, drew inspiration from the Indian election laws and practices. India provided financial support to the Sudanization Committee established in February 1954, which was tasked with replacing British staff in the Sudanese government, post-independence. India opened its embassy in Khartoum in March 1955. Sudan's interim Prime Minister, Ismail al-Azhari, accompanied by several Ministers, visited New Delhi in April 1955 on their way to the Bandung Conference in Indonesia. At Bandung, the country did not have a flag to represent it. Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, who was also present at the Conference, wrote "Sudan" on their handkerchief and this was used to represent Sudan at Bandung.
The Sudan Block at India's National Defence Academy was partially funded by the Government of Sudan. The Sudanese contributed 100,000 pounds towards the construction of the Block, in recognition of the sacrifices of Indian troops in the liberation of Sudan in the North African Campaign during World War II. India provided Sudan with a 6-acre plot in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi for the construction of an Embassy and associated residences in 1958. India operated an honorary consulate in Port Sudan, but closed it in the 1970s. India opened a Consulate General in Juba in August 2007. This would later become India's embassy to South Sudan following the latter's independence in 2011.
India remained neutral during the First Sudanese Civil War (1962–72) and the Second Sudanese Civil War (1983–2005). India voted against United Nations resolutions that criticised Sudan in 1993 and 1994. India also opposed attempts to force Sudan to withdraw from the International Monetary Fund in 1994.
In 2003, India's public-sector Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) acquired a 25 percent share in Sudan's Greater Nile Petroleum Operating Company at a cost of US$650 million. The overseas investment arm of ONGC bought out Canada's Talisman Energy, which left Sudan as a result of criticism from human-rights groups and pressure from the government of Canada. As of 2011, Indian investment in the oil sector was about US$1 billion and expected to rise. This engagement also led to economic cooperation in other fields. The Export–Import Bank of India extended a US$50 million line of credit to Sudan in 2004. ONGC signed a contract in 2004 to build a 745-kilometer pipeline to carry petroleum derivatives from the Khartoum refinery to a new port on the Red Sea. As of 2011, India was scheduled to build part of a new railroad to Port Sudan. It was also in discussion with Sudan on training for the army, navy, and air force and on collaboration in the media and entertainment sector. India provided about 2,700 military personnel to UNMIS as of early 2011.
India supported Sudan during the Heglig Crisis in 2012.
State visits
Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru visited Sudan in July 1957. Vice-President Zakir Hussain visited Khartoum in April 1963 and President Fakruddin Ali Ahmed visited the country in December 1975. Sudanese President Ismail al-Azhari visited India in 1967. Presidents Ibrahim Abboud visited India in 1964, Jaffer Nimeiri in 1974. President Omar al-Bashir visited India twice, in July 1999 and in July 2002. Indian President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam visited Sudan on 20–22 October 2003, the first visit by an Indian President to the country in 28 years. During the visit, Kalam met Sudanese President Bashir, addressed the Sudanese Parliament, and also spoke at the University of Khartoum.
Economic relations
India is the second-largest exporter to Sudan, after China. Bilateral trade between the two countries totalled US$1.3 billion in 2013–14.
Indian foreign aid
India donated tents and medicines to flood victims in Al Jazirah state in 1978, provided medicines to curb the leishmaniasis epidemic in South Sudan in 1983, and donated 22,560 tonnes of wheat in 1985 and 6,000 tonnes in 1987. India airlifted medicines to help Sudan in the aftermath of floods in Khartoum in 1996, and donated US$50,000 to victims of floods in Kasala in October 2003. In March 2005, India responded to the Sudanese government's request for food aid and offered 20,000 tons of wheat to the people of Darfur.
India pledged US$10 million towards infrastructure, capacity building, social sector projects such as the construction of hospitals and educational institutions in Sudan at the April 2005 Oslo Donors Conference. The Indian Ministry of Non-conventional Energy Sources (now known as the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy) provided funding for a solar electrification system in Khadarab village in April 2006. The system was set up by Central Electronics Limited. Similar systems have since been set up in other Sudanese villages with Indian funding. Between 1980 and 2014, India has extended about US$737.07 million in lines of credit.
State-owned ONGC Videsh Ltd established a school for special children, as well provided funding for sports equipment and prostheses. Following a request from the Shilluk community, the company donated an electricity generator to Kodok in the Upper Nile state. Indian firm Angelique International Ltd donated funds for the renovation of an Indian school in Kassala, and ONGC financed the renovation of the Indian Club in Port Sudan on 15 August 2007. In the same year, several Indian firms donated funds for the construction of a school in Kadugli. The work was carried out by a battalion of the Indian Army posted in Sudan. India donated tents and medicines worth US$100,000 to flood victims in Sudan in early 2008.
In February 2014, Sudan requested India to help develop its agricultural and renewable energy sectors. India provided Sudan with $350 million for the construction of a 500 MW power plant in White Nile state, and $150 million to set up the Mushkur Sugar Plant being in the same region. According to then Indian Foreign Minister Salman Khurshid, the sugar plant "will earn Sudan valuable foreign exchange".
Citizens of Sudan are eligible for scholarships under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation Programme and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations. Sudanese diplomats routinely attend the Professional Course for Foreign Diplomats (PCFD), organized by the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi.
Indians in Sudan
Gujarati trader Luvchand Amarchand Shah is believed to be the first Indian to settle in Sudan. Shah imported goods from India and traveled to Sudan via Aden in the early 1860s. The success and growth of their business led them to bring their relatives from Saurashtra to Sudan. These relatives in-turn invited more family and friends, leading to an increase in the Indian community in Sudan. Indians first settled in eastern Sudan, primarily Port Sudan and Suakin. Gradually, they began moving to the western regions of the country and settled in Omdurman, Kassala, Al Qadarif and Wad Medani.
The Beja, a Hamitic people who account for about 5% of Sudan's population, claim to be of Indian origin. The Beja language is possibly related to ancient Prakrit.
Sudanese in India
As of 2013, an estimated 3000 Sudanese students study in universities in India, mainly in the cities of Pune, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai and Bangalore. An estimated 30,000 Sudanese people have graduated from universities in India as of 2013.
See also
Embassy of India, Khartoum
India–South Sudan relations
References
External links
Embassy of India in Khartoum
Sudan
Sudan
Bilateral relations of Sudan
R-11 regional road () (previously known as R-10 regional road) is a Montenegrin roadway.
It serves as a connection between and highways, and also is the shortest connection between Bijelo Polje and Pljevlja
History
In January 2016, the Ministry of Transport and Maritime Affairs published bylaw on categorisation of state roads. With new categorisation, R-10 regional road was renamed as R-11 regional road.
Major intersections
References
R-11
Fort Brockhurst railway station served the town of Gosport, Hampshire, England from 1865 to 1953 on the Fareham-Gosport line.
History
The station opened on 1 November 1865 as Brockhurst by the London and South Western Railway. It was situated on the east side of Military Road. The station's name was changed to Fort Brockhurst on 17 November 1893 to avoid confusion with station in Hampshire. It originally had two platforms but a third one was built when the Lee-on-the-Solent branch opened in 1894. Most of the traffic handled at the station was naval or military related. Passenger services that ran on the Lee-on-Solent Line ceased on 1 January 1931. The station closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 8 June 1953.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1865
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1953
1865 establishments in England
1953 disestablishments in England
Former London and South Western Railway stations
Gesslerburg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Küssnacht of the Canton of Schwyz in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Schwyz
Küssnacht
Castles in the canton of Schwyz
Janhvi Kapoor (born 6 March 1997) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi films. Born to Sridevi and Boney Kapoor, they made their acting debut in 2018 with the romantic drama Dhadak, which was a commercial success. Kapoor went on to receive a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress for playing the titular aviator in the biopic Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl (2020).
Early life
Janhvi Kapoor was born on 6 March 1997. Them father is Boney Kapoor, the son of the late filmmaker Surinder Kapoor, and the founder of the Anil Kapoor Films Company. Them mother is actor Sridevi who worked in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi films.  They are the niece of film actors Anil Kapoor and Sanjay Kapoor. They have one younger sister, Khushi, and two half siblings, actor Arjun Kapoor and Anshula Kapoor from their father's first marriage. Kapoor lost their mother at age 21, when they were found dead of an accidental drowning in their guest room at the Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Kapoor studied at Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai. Before making their film debut, they took an acting course from Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in California.
Career
Kapoor made their acting debut in 2018 with the Shashank Khaitan-directed romance Dhadak, co-starring Ishaan Khatter. A Hindi-language remake of the 2016 Marathi film Sairat, it featured them as a young upper-class girl whose life turns tragic after they elope with a lower-class boy (played by Khatter). The film received predominantly negative reviews, but with a worldwide collection of 1.1 billion, it proved to be a commercial success. Writing for News18, Rajeev Masand criticised the film for removing caste-based references and deemed it inferior to the original, but felt Kapoor had "a fragility that makes them instantly endearing, and a soulful quality that makes it hard to take your eyes off them on screen". Conversely, Anna M. M. Vetticad of Firstpost thought that they "lacks personality and delivers a colourless performance". They won the Zee Cine Award for Best Female Debut. In the same year, the cosmetics brand Nykaa selected Kapoor to be their brand ambassador.
Kapoor's next screen appearance came in 2020 when they starred in Zoya Akhtar's segment in the Netflix horror anthology film Ghost Stories. Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express disliked the segments but added that the "only real surprise comes from Janhvi Kapoor in a solid, real act". They then took on the titular role of aviator Gunjan Saxena in the biopic Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl, which due to the COVID-19 pandemic could not be released theatrically and instead streamed on Netflix. In preparation, they spent time with Saxena, underwent physical training, and learned the body language of an air force officer. Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV described Kapoor's performance as "passably steady" while Rahul Desai of Film Companion was more appreciative of their "deceptively private performance" which they considered to be "pitch-perfect". They received a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress for their performance.
In 2021, Kapoor played a dual role opposite Rajkummar Rao in the comedy horror film Roohi. The film was theatrically released after several delays due to the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. The film and Kapoor's performance received poor reviews from critics, and it performed poorly at the box-office.
Kapoor will next star in Good Luck Jerry, a Hindi adaptation of the 2018 Tamil film Kolamavu Kokila, produced by Aanand L. Rai. They will then star in Mili with Sunny Kaushal, a remake of Helen. Kapoor also has committed to the sports film Mr and Mrs Mahi with Rajkummar Rao and the action film Bawaal with Varun Dhawan.
Filmography
Films
Music video
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Bollywood actores
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Actresses from Mumbai
Indian film actores
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Punjabi people
Indian Tamil people
Zee Cine Awards winners
21st-century Indian actores
Entomocorus is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Auchenipteridae.
Taxonomy and phylogeny
Entomocorus was first described by Carl H. Eigenmann in 1917 with E. benjamini as type species by monotypy. Only a few phylogenetic diagnoses have been presented since.
Entomocorus is included as the basal member in the Auchenipterus-Group by Carl H. Ferraris; this group also includes Auchenipterus and the sister groups Epapterus and Pseudepapterus. This group is sister to the Ageneiosus-Group, which includes the genera Ageneiosus and Tetranematichthys. These groups, along with the genus Trachelyopterus, form the tribe Auchenipterini. However, the placement of Entomocorus is problematic due to the loss of some characteristics of that diagnose Auchenipteridae and Auchenipterini. Relationships between species of Entomocorus are unknown.
Species
There are currently four described species in this genus:
Entomocorus benjamini C. H. Eigenmann, 1917
Entomocorus gameroi Mago-Leccia, 1984
Entomocorus melaphareus Akama & Ferraris, 2003
Entomocorus radiosus R. E. dos Reis & Borges, 2006
Distribution
Entomocorus species are all found in lowlands east of the Andes in South America.
Description
Entomocorus species are small fish, growing to 5.3–7.0 centimetres SL. Sexual dimorphism is evident in all species except for E. benjamini; in this species, transformed males have yet to be found. In the other species, transformed males have stiff, ossified maxillary barbels, an elongated dorsal-fin spine, ventrally-directed pectoral-fin spine hooks, very elongated pelvic-fin unbranched rays, and a rotated anal-fin base.
The four different Entomocorus species are not easily distinguished by differences in meristics or morphometrics; however, they can easily be distinguished by pigmentation, especially in caudal fin markings. In E. benjamini, the distal half of dorsal caudal fin lobe and the edge of the ventral lobe is pigmented. In E. gameroi, an oblique band crossing from the dorsal profile of the caudal peduncle to the middle-upper rays of the caudal fin. In E. melaphareus, an inconspicuous patch exists on the dorsal lobe of the caudal fin. In E. radiosus, the distal half of both the dorsal and ventral caudal fin lobes is pigmented. E. melaphareus also has pigmented pectoral and pelvic fins, while these fins in the other three species are unpigmented. E. radiosus is the only species that can be diagnosed by meristics; its anal-fin base is longer and has more branched anal-fin rays.
Ecology
Entomocorus are nocturnal, pelagic catfish that feed near the surface on invertebrates (primarily insects) and on zooplankton (mainly microcrustaceans).
References
Auchenipteridae
Freshwater fish of South America
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Carl H. Eigenmann
Martin Schøyen (born January 31, 1940) is a Norwegian business person, traveller, historian, paleographer and collector of books.
They started collecting books in 1955. Currently their private collection, the Schøyen Collection, contains more than 13,000 manuscript items, the oldest book is about 5,000 years old.
Some manuscripts
Biblical manuscript in Coptic language, dated to the 3rd century.
15 Dead Sea Scrolls
Sumerian text from the 21st century B.C.; Ur-Nammu's law-code
Babylonian calendar from 2000–1600 B.C.
Tutankhamun's signet ring
MS 5236, an ancient Greek block print dating to the 6th century BC
References
External links
The Schøyen Collection
Norwegian businesspeople
Norwegian book and manuscript collectors
1940 births
Living people
Pandemis lichenosema is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Lumber hooker is a nautical term for a Great Lakes ship designed to carry their own deck load of lumber and to tow one or two barges. The barges were schooner barges: large old schooners stripped of their masts and running gear to carry large cargoes of lumber.
See also
Consort (nautical)
Orin W. Angwall
SS Myron
References
Steamships
Lumber schooners
Barges
Timber industry
Log transport
+Lumber hooker
Nautical terminology
Kalateh-ye Soltani (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Solţānī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Solţān) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 129, in 36 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Brown's scaly-toed gecko (Lepidodactylus browni) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Etymology
The specific name, browni, is in honor of American herpetologist Walter Creighton Brown.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of L. browni is mangrove forest, at altitudes from sea level to .
Reproduction
L. browni is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Pernetta JC, Black D (1983). "Species of Gecko (Lepidodactylus) in the Port Moresby Area, with the Description of a New Species". Journal of Herpetology 17 (2): 121–128. (Lepidodactylus browni, new species).
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28–153. (Lepidodactylus browni, p. 91). (in German).
Rösler H, Glaw F, Günther R (2005). "Aktualisierte Liste der Geckos von Neuguinea (Sauria: Gekkonidae: Gekkoninae) mit vorläufiger Charakterisierung von neun Formen aus den Gattungen Cyrtodactylus Gray, 1827, Gehyra Gray, 1834 und Nactus Kluge, 1983 ". Gekkota 5: 33–64. (Lepidodactylus browni, p. 46). (in German, with an abstract in English).
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1983
Home security includes both the security hardware placed on a property and individuals' personal security practices. Security hardware includes doors, locks, alarm systems, lighting, motion detectors, and security camera systems. Personal security involves practices like ensuring doors are locked, alarms are activated, owning a Dog, windows are closed, and extra keys are not hidden outside.
According to an FBI report, 58.3% of burglaries in the United States involved forcible entry. Per the most recent statistics, the average burglary in the United States takes about 90 seconds to 12 minutes, and on average, a burglar will break into a home within 60 seconds. Most target cash first followed by jewels, drugs, and electronics. Common security methods include never hiding extra keys outside, never turning off all the lights, applying small CCTV stickers on doors, and keeping good tabs with neighbours.
Origin
Marie Van Brittan Brown was an African-American inventor who invented one of the first the home security systems () in 1966, along with their husband Albert Brown. They jointly applied for a patent, which was granted in 1969.
Security hardware
Control panels
One main component to home security is finding an area for easy programming and user interaction. A control panel is implemented to arm and disarm a home security system. The control panel is the main connection to the alarm company monitoring a home. It typically features a touchpad or buttons to easily maneuver the system, and some newer systems also feature voice control or wireless remotes (key fobs).
Door and window sensors
Door and window sensors are also implemented in most home security systems. One part of the system is installed on the door or window itself while the other part is installed on the frame of the door or window. The two part system connects securely when a door or window is closed, creating a security circuit.
Window sensors use a range of technologies like magnetic switches, beam sensors, motion sensors, or a glass break sensor.
Presence simulation
Some people leave the lights or their TV turned on while they are gone. But in this day and age, smart homes have become more advanced. New gadgets are emerging with the specific purpose of simulating presence. They do this through movement simulation by using light-and shadow-effects at night or sound simulation at daytime.
Surveillance cameras
Surveillance cameras used in houses are IP cameras or closed circuit. IP cameras connect over the internet and stream to users' phones using a Wi-Fi connection. Closed-circuit, or CCTV cameras, stream through wired or wireless links. These cameras stream live footage to users, allowing them to watch for suspicious activity.
Current cameras feature abilities such as motion detection and two-way audio, allowing users to receive notifications of activity and speak and listen through the camera. Home surveillance cameras used for security purposes have become more accessible, but have sparked security concerns from consumers.
Motion sensors
Surveillance cameras and motion sensors work hand in hand with allowing homeowners to keep an eye on areas of their home that they might not have access to at the moment. Motion sensors create zones which cannot be accessed without sounding an alarm. Most cameras do now have a motion detection function, with some brands having thermal detection so they only activate when sensing a heat signature. This function is used so cameras do not pick up false alarms from trees blowing in the wind.
Glass break detector
Glass break detectors are usually installed near glass doors or a window front of a store. This equipment uses a microphone to detect when a pane of glass is broken or shattered. By monitoring the sound and vibrations the alarm only reacts to sounds above a certain threshold to avoid false alarms.
High-decibel alarms
High-decibel alarms ensure that a break in will not go unnoticed. These alarm systems are loud enough so that neighbors will hear them. They are also implemented with the intention to frighten an unwanted intruder.
All of the technology based security hardware works hand in hand with the control panels in a house to relay messages to the monitoring company. homeowners rely heavily on these systems to ensure their safety, and without the control panel monitoring everything happening within the home, this is impossible.
Main computer panel
This is usually in a closet or utility room somewhere on the premises. It is used in older or larger systems to link the components. Usually, you would find a PCB with many terminals or antenna for connections. Many also have built-in backup batteries for wired systems and a phone or ethernet line in or out port. Some might have a serial port for connection to a technician's computer for diagnostics. These are the true heart of the system. Most control (user interface) panels connect directly to this panel in older or larger wired systems. In some cases, the user interface does connect directly to the components or service, but in most cases, it is relayed through a hub or main panel.
Industry
Some forecasts project the home security market as a whole will be worth $47 billion by 2020, with the DIY home security market worth $1.5 billion. While the market for home security is expanding, especially with cable TV and Internet service providers introducing their own security and home automation products, it is a fragmented market, with "a massive array of large and small rivals." The US market leader is ADT with more than 6 million households subscribed.
The FBI reported that 1.7 million homes were burglarized in 2014. The same report shows that an estimated loss of $3.9 billion was suffered by the victims in the same year. Overall, when the average value was applied to the estimated number of burglaries, the average dollar loss per burglary offense was $2,251. Roughly, there are 2.5 million burglaries a year with 66% being home break-ins. Police typically only solve 13% of break-in crimes due to lack of information and witnesses.
Statistics
It is reported that 53% of break-ins occur during the day and 47% occur at night. Break-ins are 6% more likely to occur between 6am and 6pm while most are out of the house.
With only 17% of homes being equipped with home security systems, many burglars are attracted to homes lacking a system. 95% of break-ins require some type of forceful entry (breaking a window, lock picking, kicking in doors). Some common tools used for break-ins are pliers, screwdrivers, and hammers. This makes it hard to see break-ins coming since they are common household tools.
A study at UNC Charlotte concluded that burglars are commonly males under the age of 25. 12% of burglars admitted to planning their break-in in advance while 41% said it was an impulsive decision. Also, many burglars admitted they consider factors like proximity to traffic. 83% of burglars said they look for evidence of an alarm system, and 60% said they do not break in if they see one is installed.
See also
Burglary
Property crime
Self-Defense
Physical security
References
Home
Physical security
The 2008 Paris–Tours was the 102nd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 12 October 2008. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Philippe Gilbert of the Française des Jeux team.
General classification
References
2008 in French sport
2008
The 2020 Georgia Democratic presidential primary was held on June 9, 2020. It is one of a series of primaries to select the Democratic nominee for the 2020 presidential election. It was originally planned for March 24, 2020, before being delayed to May 19, 2020. On April 9, it was announced that the primary was rescheduled to June 9. The election coincided with primaries for Georgia's Class 2 Senate seat and Georgia's U.S. House of Representatives seats. The Georgia primary is an open primary which awarded 120 delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention, of which 105 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary.
The Associated Press declared Joe Biden the winner of the Georgia Democratic presidential primary. This primary, totaling from the March 24 and June 9 primaries, resulted in the highest Democratic presidential primary turnout ever.
Procedure
Georgia was previously scheduled to be the only state voting on March 24, 2020, in the Democratic primaries, after secretary of state Brad Raffensperger announced the date of the primary on June 19, 2019. The move marked a departure from past years, shifting away from a contest on Super Tuesday (also dubbed the "SEC primary"); although its later date may diminish its influence, the Georgia primary's separation from other states on the primary calendar may also place it in a more influential position should the primary still be competitive by then.
Voting is expected to take place throughout the state from 7:00 a.m. until 7:00 p.m. In the open primary, candidates must meet a threshold of 15 percent at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 105 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention will be allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of the 105 pledged delegates, between 3 and 7 are allocated to each of the state's 14 congressional districts and another 14 are allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 23 at-large pledged delegates. These delegate totals do not account for pledged delegate bonuses or penalties from timing or clustering.
District-level delegates will be elected on May 23 (caucuses to be held online) (previously scheduled for March 28 or Sunday, March 29 (with discrepancies in the delegate selection plan)) and will then select the 14 pledged PLEO delegates on June 20 (previously scheduled for April 18). The state committee meeting will subsequently be held in Atlanta on Saturday, May 16, 2020, to vote on the 23 pledged at-large delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. The 105 pledged delegates Georgia sends to the national convention will be joined by 15 unpledged PLEO delegates (9 members of the Democratic National Committee; 5 members of Congress, all of which are U.S. Representatives; and former president Jimmy Carter).
Polling
Results
More than 200,000 votes were also cast by mail in the March 24 presidential preference primary before it was cancelled amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. These votes were not included in the official primary result, however they were separately counted. Voters who participated in the March 24 primary were able to vote again in the June 9 primary for all other offices.
See also
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on politics
Notes
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Georgia Democratic Party delegate selection plan
Georgia Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Georgia Democratic primary, 2020
Singles
1980 Kruzatsa disky (Кружатся диски)
1980 Fall in Love Again at random (Опять Влюбляюсь Невпопад)
1980 Dance time in the sun (Танцевальный час на солнце)
1981 Beloved sights (Ненаглядная сторона)
1982 Thank you, love (Спасибо, любовь )
1982 Multicolored fair (Разноцветные ярмарки)
1982 Muse (Муза)
1985 Prompter (Суфлёр)
1985 Alone with all (Наедине со всеми)
1985 Bitter apples (Горькие яблоки)
1985 Two under rain (Двое под дождем)
1985 Senorita Grace (Сеньорита Грация)
1985 Excuse me, waves (Простите меня, волны)
1986 Our era (Наша эра)
1986 The birth of the day (Рождение дня)
1987-Star plot (Звёздный сюжет)
1987 White crow (Белая ворона)
1989 Giordano (Джордано)
1995 On the way to Hollywood (По дороге в Голливуд)
Studio albums
Magnetic tape Albums
1986 Velvet season (Бархатный сезон)
1987 I am – just a singer (Я - просто-певец)
1989 A matter of taste (Дело вкуса)
1990 Wicked Way (Грешный путь)
Compilation albums
1987 Valeri Leontjev
1988 Songs from the film How to become a star (Песни из к/ф Как стать звездой)
1993 Last evening (Последний вечер)
1993 Valery Leontiev. Laima Vaikule: "Ah, vernissage, ah ... (Валерий Леонтьев. Лайма Вайкуле: «Ах, вернисаж, ах…)
1994 Touch (Прикоснись)
1995 There, in September. The best of Leontiev (Там, в сентябре. The best of Leontiev)
1998 Nine chrysanthemums (Девять хризантем)
1999 Best songs 1 (Valery Leontiev) (1999) («Лучшие песни-1(Валерий Леонтьев)» (1999))
1999 Best songs 2 (Valery Leontiev) (1999) («Лучшие песни-2(Валерий Леонтьев)» (1999))
2002 Bird in a cage (Птицa в клeткe)
2014 The guilty one (Виновник)
2014 Valery Leontiev. Margarita (Валерий Леонтьев. Маргарита)
Other official publication (MC, CD)
1985 Alone with all , MC (Наедине со всеми)
1985 Memory , MC (Воспоминание)
1987 Valery Leontiev Sings , MC (Поёт Валерий Леонтьев)
1987 Valeri Leontiev. The best songs , MC
1987 Valeri Leontiev. Top hits/2 , MC
1999-Star series (Valery Leontiev) CD, MC (Звездная серия (Валерий Леонтьев))
2000 Golden Collection of Russia (Valery Leontiev) CD (Золотая коллекция России (Валерий Леонтьев))
2001 The BEST of Valery Leontiev , (CD) (The BEST of Валерий Леонтьев)
2001 Valery Leontiev. Star series , (2CD) (Валерий Леонтьев. Звездная серия)
2004 Valery Leontiev. Best songs (MC, CD) (Валерий Леонтьев. Лучшие песни)
2004 Grand Collection (MC, CD)
Videography
Psychic ,1991 (VSH), 2005 (DVD) (Экстрасенс)
Valery Leontiev in super show "Full Moon" , 1994, VSH Vl studio, 1995, VHS, ZeKo REKORDS (Валерий Леонтьев в супершоу «Полнолуние»)
Musical ring 1986, Valery Leontiev , 1997, VHS (Музыкальный ринг 1986: Валерий Леонтьев)
Musical Ring 1997: Leontiev against Leontiev ,1997 (VHS) (Музыкальный ринг 1997: Леонтьев против Леонтьева)
Valery Leontiev in super show "On the way to Hollywood" ,1997, VHS (Валерий Леонтьев в супершоу "По дороге в Голливуд")
Photographer of Dreams ,1999, (DVD) (Валерий Леонтьев - Фотограф сновидений)
Valery Leontiev in the Square of Stars ,2002 (Mpeg4), 2005 (DVD) (Валерий Леонтьев на Площади Звезд)
Valery Leontiev. Collection of 7 DVD , 2005 (DVD) (Валерий Леонтьев. Коллекция из 7-ми DVD)
You are invited by Valery Leontyev ,2006, (DVD) (Вас приглашает Валерий Леонтьев)
Recital in the concert hall "Russia" ,2007, (DVD) (Сольный концерт в ГЦКЗ «Россия»)
The Book of Fate - Valery Leontiev ,2010, (DVD) (Книга судьбы - Валерий Леонтьев)
Best Forever! Jubilee concert in the Kremlin ,2012, (DVD) (Лучший Навсегда! Юбилейный Концерт В Кремле)
Books
Valery Leontiev: Biography (1998 book, the author - A.Yurikov) (Валерий Леонтьев: Биография)
Valery Leontiev: My Scene (2009 album + CD) (Валерий Леонтьев: Моя сцена)
Wicked Angel Valery Leontiev (2009 book, the author -T.Fedotkina) (Грешный ангел Валерий Леонтьев)
External links
Valery Leontiev discography
Discographies of Russian artists
Marie Losier (born 1972 in France) is a filmmaker and curator who's worked in New York City for 25 years and has shown their films and videos at museums, galleries, biennials and festivals. Losier studied literature at the University of Nanterre (France, BA, 1995) and Fine Arts at Hunter College in New York City (MFA, 2003). They have made a number of film portraits of avant-garde directors, musicians and composers, such as the Kuchar brothers, Guy Maddin, Richard Foreman, Tony Conrad, Genesis P-Orridge, Alan Vega, Peter Hristoff and Felix Kubin. Whimsical, poetic, dreamlike and unconventional, their films explore the life and work of these artists.
Losier's films are regularly shown at prestigious venues such as The Cannes Film Festival, Le Jeu de Paume, The Berlinale, Rotterdam Film Festival, IDFA, Tribeca Film Festival, The Tate Modern, MoMA, Le Palais de Tokyo, Le Centre George Pompidou and La Cinematheque Francaise. They were included in the 2006 Whitney Biennial (Whitney Museum, N.Y.C.) They had a retrospective of their films at MoMA - Museum of Modern Art in 2018 in NYC, and a retrospective at Le Jeu De Paume - the Museum of Contemporary Art in Paris in 2019.
Losier's first feature film was a portrait of pioneering musician-artist Genesis Breyer P-Orridge (of Throbbing Gristle and Psychic TV) and their partner Lady Jaye Breyer P-Orridge. The Ballad of Genesis and Lady Jaye premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 2011, winning the Caligary and the Teddy Awards. They also won the Grand Prize at Indielisboa, the Prix Louis Marcorelles and the Prix des Bibliothèques at Cinema du Reel, and many more awards for the documentary. The film was released in France, Canada, Mexico, Germany and in the USA. In 2009 Genesis Breyer P-Orridge described Losier's filmmaking process "It's a very new, radical way of making documentaries, and quite honestly, we think what Marie does and the way they do it will be the template for the future."
In 2013/14 Losier was awarded the prestigious DAAD Residency Award in Berlin and the Guggenheim Award to work on their new feature film Cassandro The Exotico!, a portrait of the celebrated Mexican wrestler Saul Almendariz.
 They are currently an artist-in-residence at La Cité des Arts, Paris and their feature film Cassandro The Exotico! premiered at The Cannes Film Festival in May of 2018. It was released in France in December 2018 and will be in theaters in the US, opening at the Metrograph NYC in the summer of 2019.
Losier recently had a mid-career retrospective at MoMA NY and all of their films were acquired for the museum's archives in November of 2018. They recently had an exhibition, in collaboration with Pauline Curnier Jardin, for the Fondation Ricard for May 2019.
They premiered a new film at Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland in August 2019: a feature film on the German composer and musician, Felix Kubin (Felix in Wonderland!).
They presented a mid career retrospective for the Museum Le Jeu de Paume, Paris in November 2019 and for the Cinematheque of Athens (November 2019); a solo exhibition for Anne Barrault's contemporary art gallery in Paris, where they exhibited photography, paintings and film installations (January 2020) (www.galerieannebarrault.com). They have a solo show at the Film Gallery in Paris now and is preparing a solo show for the Solar Gallery at Vila Do Conde in Portugal for 2022, and a solo show at the Contemporary Museum/Transpalette in Bourges for 2023.
For the past four years Losier has been the coordinator and director for first year MFA cinema students at LA HEAD in Geneva, Switzerland (Haute École d'Art et de Design à Genève) where they teach 16mm filmmaking.
Filmography
Feature-Length
Felix in Wonderland! (2019), with Felix Kubin
Cassandro, the Exotico! (2018), starring Saúl Armendáriz
The Ballad of Genesis and Lady Jaye (2011), with Genesis P-Orridge, Lady Jaye, Psychic TV
Shorts
Electric Storm, 100 Years of Theremine -music video- (2020), with Dorit Chrysler
Download Yourself - music video - (2020)
Whitch is witch? (2020)
Images of a Work #22 : Infinite Now (2017)
Masha Natasha (2015), co-directed with Fred Burle, Janin Halisch, and Cécile Tollu-Polonowski
L'Oiseau de la nuit (2015)
L'échappée Vive (2015), with Noël Dola & Ben Vaultier
Peaches and Jesper are on a boat, who stays afloat? (2014), with Peaches and Jesper Just
Bim, Bam, Boom, Las Luchas Morenas! (2014), with Cynthia, Esther, Alda, and Rossy Moreno
Alan Vega, Just a Million Dreams (2013), with Alan Vega, Liz Lamere and Dante Vega
Byun, Objet Trouvé (2012), with Byun Chong and Kiya Chong
Cet Air Là (2010), with April March and Julien Gasc
Slap the Gondola! (2010), with April March, Tony Conrad and Genesis P-Orridge
Papal Broken Dance (2009), with Genesis P-Orridge
DreaMinimalist (2008), with Tony Conrad
Jaye Lady Jaye (2008), with Lady Jaye and PTV3
Snow Beard (2008), with Mike Kuchar
Manuelle Labor (2007), collaboration with Guy Maddin
Flying Saucey! (2006), with Flux Factory
The Ontological Cowboy (2005), with Richard Foreman
Eat Your Makeup! (2005), with George Kuchar
Electrocute Your Stars (2004), with George Kuchar
Bird, Bath, and Beyond (2003), with Mike Kuchar
Lunch Break on the Xerox Machine (2003)
Sanitarium Cinema (2002)
The Passion of Joan Arc (2002)
Broken Blossoms (2002)
Loula Meets Charlie (2002), video performance at The Ontological Theater
The Touch Retouched (2002)
References
External links
Marie Losier's website: http://marielosier.com
A catalogue/publication on their work has just been printed from publisher SEMIOSE: Pleased To Meet You Marie Losier (Preface Nicole Brenez et Constance Dejong) https://galerieannebarrault.com/produit/marie-losier_pleased-to-meet-you
French documentary film directors
1972 births
Living people
French expatriates in the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
French women film directors
Dominance hierarchies occur in many social animals.
Primates
Researcher M. W. Foster investigated primates and found that the leaders were more likely to be those who did more for those around them instead of being determined by strength.
Baboons
Alpha male baboons monopolize resources and mating access to females, and they are also more likely to suffer from stress. Lower status males must expend more time and energy for mating opportunities. Alpha males may sometimes allow subordinate males to have access to mating, so the subordinate males can serve as "spare dads" and protect their offspring from other alpha males.
Capuchin monkeys
A study on the association of alpha males and females during the non-breeding season in wild Capuchin monkeys (Cebus apella nigritus) examined whether alpha males are the preferred mate for females and, secondly, whether female-alpha status and relationship to the alpha-male can be explained through the individual characteristics and or social network of the female. The results indicated that alpha male Capuchin is the preferred mate for adult females. However, only the alpha females had strong interactions with the alpha males by virtue of a dominance hierarchy among the females in which only the most dominant and strong females were able to interact with the alpha male.
Chimpanzees
Common chimpanzees use strength, intelligence, and political alliances to establish and maintain alpha position. There have been rare cases where a group has killed the alpha male.
Common chimpanzees show deference to the alpha of the community by ritualized postures and gestures such as presenting their back, crouching, bowing, or bobbing. Chimpanzees lower in rank than the alpha male will offer their hand while grunting to the alpha male as a sign of submission. Bonobo society on the other hand is governed by alpha females. Males will associate with females for rank acquisition because females dominate the social environment. If a male is to achieve alpha status in a bonobo group, they must be accepted by the alpha female. Female bonobos use homosexual sex to increase social status. High-ranking females rarely interact sexually with other females, but low-ranking females interact sexually with all females.
Gorillas
Gorillas use intimidation to establish and maintain alpha position. A study conducted regarding the reproductive behavior of male mountain gorillas (Gorilla beringei beringei) found further evidence that dominant males are favored to father offspring, even when there is a greater number of males in a notably enlarged group size. The study also concluded that mating access dropped off less steeply with status, so that non-dominant males had mating success more similar to the alpha male than had been expected.
Mandrills
Adult male mandrills with alpha status display vivid coloration on their skin, while those with beta status are more dull in colour. Both types of males engage in mating, but only the dominant alpha males have the ability to produce offspring. Male mandrills sometimes fight for breeding rights which results in dominance. Though conflicts are rare, they can be deadly. Gaining dominance, that is becoming the alpha male, results in an "increased testicular volume, reddening of sexual skin on the face and genitalia, and heightened secretion of the sternal cutaneous gland". When a male loses dominance or its alpha status, the reverse happens, although the blue ridges remain brightened. There is also a fall in its reproductive success. This effect is gradual and takes place over a few years. When beta males mate-guard a female, the competition between them allows the alpha males to have a greater chance of producing offspring, since betas outnumber alphas 21 to 1.
Carnivora
Seals
Dominant male elephant seals arrive at potential breeding sites in spring, and fast to ensure that they can mate with as many females as possible. Male elephant seals use fighting, vocal noises, and different positions to determine who will be deemed the dominant male. When males reach eight to nine years of age, they have developed a pronounced long nose, in addition to a chest shield, which is thickened skin in their chest area. They display their dominance by showing their noses, making loud vocalisations, and altering their postures. They fight each other by raising themselves and ramming each other with their chests and teeth.
When females arrive, the dominating males have already selected their territory on the beach. Females cluster in groups called harems, which could consist of up to 50 females surrounding one alpha male. Outside of these groups, a beta bull is normally roaming around on the beach. The beta bull helps the alpha by preventing other males accessing the females. In return, the beta bull might have an opportunity to mate with one of the females while the alpha is occupied.
Canids
In the past, the prevailing view on gray wolf packs was that they consisted of individuals vying with each other for dominance, with dominant gray wolves being referred to as the "alpha" male and female, and the subordinates as "beta" and "omega" wolves. This terminology was first used in 1947 by Rudolf Schenkel of the University of Basel, who based their findings on researching the behavior of captive gray wolves. This view on gray wolf pack dynamics was later popularized by the researcher L. David Mech in their 1970 book The Wolf. They later found additional evidence that the concept of an Alpha male may have been an interpretation of incomplete data and formally disavowed this terminology in 1999. They explained that it was heavily based on the behavior of captive packs consisting of unrelated individuals, an error reflecting the once prevailing view that wild pack formation occurred in winter among independent gray wolves. Later research on wild gray wolves revealed that the pack is usually a family consisting of a breeding pair and their offspring of the previous 1–3 years. In the article, Mech wrote that the use of the term "alpha" to describe the breeding pair adds no additional information, and is "no more appropriate than referring to a human parent or a doe deer as an alpha." They further note the terminology falsely implies a "force-based dominance hierarchy." In 13 years of summer observations of wild wolves, they witnessed no dominance contests between them.
In some other wild canids, the alpha male may not have exclusive access to the alpha female. Other pack members as in the African painted dog (Lycaon pictus) may guard the maternity den used by the alpha female.
Birds
Chiroxiphia
Male Chiroxiphia manakins can typically be designated alpha and beta, since there is a clear dominance relationship between them. There is only ever one alpha male, but, depending on species, there may be one or two beta males. Beta males are sometimes sub-adults - easily recognized, as their plumage retain female-like characters. Only the alpha male is ever seen to mate with the female.
Montezuma oropendolas
Webster et al. observed that males defend sexually-receptive females, suggesting that Montezuma oropendolas have a female-defence mating system. While the females nest, the males fight and fend off one another, and the males were ranked depending on the outcome of each fight. The alpha male eventually pushes out all other males until they are the only one left. When the alpha males leave the others come back and defend females until they return. This type of mating system is similar to that of polygynous mammals, not birds.
Pale chanting goshawks
Normally, female pale chanting goshawks mate with a single male (monogamy), but in "broken veld" vegetation (a prey-rich habitat in the Little Karoo), a female and two males may form a polyandrous trio. In these cases an alpha male and female will be assisted in raising the young by a beta male. The alpha male copulates with the female 31-5 days before laying while the beta male copulates 5-3 days before laying. Subordinate co-breeding males may have reproductive fitness benefits by assisting the alpha female with nest defense and prey provision. Non-breeding individuals from previous broods may remain in their natal territory and form part of the breeding group.
Fish
Cichlids
Aggressive behavior in cichlids is ritualized and consists of multiple displays used to seek confrontation while being involved in evaluation of competitors, coinciding with temporal proximity to mating. Displays of ritualized aggression in cichlids include a remarkably rapid change in coloration, during which a successfully dominant territorial male assumes a more vivid and brighter coloration, while a subordinate or "nonterritorial" male assumes a dull-pale coloration. In addition to color displays, cichlids employ their lateral lines to sense movements of water around their opponents to evaluate the competing male for physical traits/fitness. Male cichlids are very territorial due to the pressure of reproduction, and establish their territory and social status by physically driving out challenging males (novel intruders) through lateral displays (parallel orientation, uncovering gills), biting, or mouth fights (head-on collisions of open mouths, measuring jaw sizes, and biting each other's jaws). The cichlid social dichotomy is composed of a single dominant with multiple subordinates, where the physical aggression of males becomes a contest for resources (mates, territory, food). Female cichlids prefer to mate with a successful alpha male with vivid coloration, whose territory has food readily available.
Moon wrasse
Some moon wrasses live in groups consisted of a dominant male, and a "harem" of about a dozen other wrasses, some female and some male. The alpha male is more brightly colored, and at every low tide hour, changes from green to blue, and goes into a show of attacking and nipping all the other wrasses. This is their way of showing their dominance to the rest of the males and keeping the females in check. During breeding season and before high tide, the alpha male turns completely blue, gathers up every single female, and the spawning frenzy begins.
Mozambique tilapia
Mozambique tilapias often travel in groups where a strict dominance hierarchy is maintained. Positions within the hierarchy correlate with territoriality, courtship rate, nest size, aggression, and hormone production. In terms of social structure, Mozambique tilapias engage in a system known as lek-breeding, where males establish territories with dominance hierarchies while females travel between them. Social hierarchies typically develop because of competition for limited resources including food, territories, or mates. During the breeding season, males cluster around certain territory, forming a dense aggregation in shallow water. This aggregation forms the basis of the lek through which the females preferentially choose their mates. Reproductive success by males within the lek is highly correlated to social status and dominance.
In experiments with captive tilapias, evidence demonstrates the formation of linear hierarchies where the alpha male participates in significantly more agonistic interactions. Thus, males that are higher ranked initiate much more aggressive acts than subordinate males. However, contrary to popular belief, Mozambique tilapias display more agonistic interactions towards fish that are farther apart in the hierarchy scale than they do towards individuals closer in rank. One hypothesis behind this action rests with the fact that aggressive actions are costly. In this context, members of this social system tend to avoid confrontations with neighboring ranks in order to conserve resources rather than engage in an unclear and risky fight. Instead, dominant individuals seek to bully subordinate tilapias both for an easy fight and to keep their rank.
See also
Apex predator
References
Further reading
Ethology
Zoology
RW Cephei is a hypergiant variable star in the constellation Cepheus, at the edge of the Sharpless 132 HII region and close to the small open cluster Berkeley 94. One of the largest stars known, RW Cephei's radius is more than 1,000 times that of the Sun (), thus larger than the orbit of Jupiter.
RW Cephei is also a semi-regular variable star of type SRd, meaning that it is a slowly varying yellow giant or supergiant. The visual magnitude range is from 6.0 to 7.3, while the photographic range is from 8.6 - 10.7. The General Catalogue of Variable Stars gives a period of approximately 346 days, but other studies suggest different periods and certainly no strong periodicity.
The spectral has been classified as early as G8 and as late as M2, but it isn't clear that there has been actual variation. In the first MK spectral atlas, it was listed M0:Ia. RW Cephei was later listed as the standard star for spectral type G8 Ia, then as the standard for K0 0-Ia. Based on the same spectra it was adjusted to the standard star for type K2 0-Ia. Molecular bands characteristic of M-class stars are seen in infrared spectra, but not always in optical spectra. The temperature is equally uncertain, with contradictory excitation strengths in the spectrum. A simple colour correlation temperature fit gives temperatures around 3,749 K, while a full spectrum fit gives a temperature of 5,018 K.
The distance to RW Cephei has been estimated on the basis of its spectroscopic luminosity and is assumed to be a member of the Cepheus OB1 association at 3,500 parsecs, consistent with the parallax from Gaia Data Release 2, but not the Gaia Data Release 3 parallax.
The temperature intermediate between the red supergiants and yellow hypergiants, and itself varying considerably, has led to it being variously considered as a red hypergiant or yellow hypergiant.
References
K-type hypergiants
Cephei, RW
Cepheus (constellation)
212466
BD+55 2737
110504
Semiregular variable stars
G-type hypergiants
M-type supergiants
M-type hypergiants
Spiegelau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. It lies in the heart of the Bavarian Forest.
Subdivisions
There are 33 villages in the municipality:
There are also the Gemarkungen of Spiegelau, Oberkreuzberg and Klingenbrunn.
Transport
Spiegelau lies on Zwiesel–Grafenau railway and its station was formerly the junction to the Spiegelau Forest Railway which supporting the major logging industry in the area.
See also
Bavarian Forest National Park
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The red myzomela (Myzomela cruentata) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found in New Guinea and New Britain. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The reddish myzomela (M. erythrina) of New Ireland was formerly considered conspecific, but phylogenetic evidence indicates that both are distinct species, and it has thus been split from it by the IUCN Red List, BirdLife International, and the International Ornithologists' Union.
There are two recognized subspecies:
M. c. cruentata - New Guinea and Yapen
M. c. coccinea - New Britain and the Duke of York Islands
References
External links
Image at ADW
red myzomela
Birds of New Britain
Birds of New Guinea
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
red myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The untethered regimen is a technique combining the use of an insulin pump with a slow-acting insulin analog such as Lantus or Levemir. This allows an insulin dependent person to disconnect the pump when desired while maintaining the flexible benefits that the insulin pump can provide.
The term was coined by Dr. Steve Edelman, a type 1 diabetic, insulin pump user, and endocrinologist, who wants to see diabetes regimens be tailored to the needs of each person so that excellent results from diabetes care as well as a happy lifestyle can be achieved simultaneously. Edelman themselves developed a desire to remove their insulin pump for long periods for swimming and sports, often a full weekend. They developed this technique for the benefit of being free from the tether to the pump all the time.
Removing the pump
Sports and exercise
Depending on the intensity and duration of the sport, insulin pump users typically use a temporary basal rate to reduce the amount of insulin delivered to match their reduced need of insulin as a result of exercise. The reduction is determined by trial and error with blood glucose monitoring. Some users suspend the basal rate entirely or disconnect for exercise.
In some cases, the insulin pumper may want to wear the pump during sports to be able to increase and decrease insulin delivery as needed. This is when the basal rate of the pump is reduced.
In other cases, the pump user may prefer to take the pump off all together: This is when a combination of a slow-acting insulin and the pump basal rate work well together. The pump can be removed before a preplanned activity (anything from football practice to water skiing to dancing), and the pump user continues with the reduced basal insulin coming from injected Lantus or Levemir. After the activity is complete, the pump goes back on.
Water activities
While most insulin pumps are waterproof (at least when they are new), the high cost of the pump often leads to caution on the part of the user, who often removes the pump when planning to get wet. Additionally most pump manufacturers recommend that the pump be removed even if it is waterproof as waterproofing is only guaranteed ideally and cannot take into account wear and tear. However waterproof pump cases for water sports are available.
The pumps can always be disconnected for short periods for bathing with little issue. However, for parties in a hot tub or for a day at the beach, removing the pump and "going untethered" can be a welcome vacation.
Different water sports place different demands on the patient. Sailing might be thought of as long dry periods of sitting down — interrupted by unpredictable wet periods. Swimming laps is a great aerobic activity. Yet a toddler in a pool partially filled with water may get the most intense workout of any. Each situation demands that the pump user adjusts the basal rate. If a portion of the basal insulin is combined with a long-acting insulin there can be even more trial-and-error. This allows the pump to be removed for longer periods and blood glucose control is adequately maintained.
To enjoy their favorite water sports on a regular basis, each pump user will work with their diabetes care team to develop a plan that is best for them.
Pump vacations
Edelman first developed their untethered regimen because they wanted to remove their pump for the weekend. They prefer to use their insulin pump on workdays to benefit from its flexibility, in which case they dose Lantus for three-quarters of their total basal insulin needs and uses the pump to deliver the remaining one-quarter. This way, the pump basal rate can be temporarily adjusted up and down as needed. Then on Friday night when they usually give their daily Lantus injection, they will dose for 100% of their basal needs and take the pump off for the weekend. They then uses an insulin pen as needed for their food and correction boluses. Alternatively, the insulin pump could be connected back to the quick disconnect site on the infusion set when needed. On Sunday night at Lantus injection time, Edelman doses for three-quarters of their basal needs with Lantus and reconnects the pump.
Sometimes, an insulin pump will require repair. Pump manufacturers offer fast turn-around times, and replacement pumps are sent quickly. This may be a time when an insulin-dependent person has to be pump-free for a few days. It is good to be familiar with this technique.
Insurance against ketoacidosis
All insulin-dependent persons will become very ill with diabetic ketoacidosis if denied insulin for a sustained period. The period varies with each person and their situation. An insulin pump problem at night (such as running out of insulin, a dead battery, or leaky infusion set tubing) that goes undetected can lead to ketoacidosis before morning. Slow-acting insulin such as Lantus or Levemir can be used for a large portion of the basal insulin needs, and the pump basal rate program can be used to fill in the remaining need. Lantus injected once daily is one back-up for pump users, but it can be a real benefit for some insulin pumpers who tend to develop ketoacidosis quickly.
References
Diabetes
Insulin therapies
Cyrtodactylus hekouensis, the Hekou bent-toed gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to Yunnan Province, China.
It was first described in 2021, in Daweishan National Nature Reserve.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Saint Tarasios (also Saint Tarasius; ; c. 730 – 25 February 806) was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 25 December 784 until their death on 25 February 806.
Background
Tarasios was born and raised in the city of Constantinople. A son of a high-ranking judge, Tarasios was related to important families, including that of the later Patriarch Photios the Great. Tarasios had embarked on a career in the secular administration and had attained the rank of senator, eventually becoming imperial secretary (asekretis) to the Emperor Constantine VI and their mother, the Empress Irene. Originally they embraced Iconoclasm, but later repented, resigned their post, and retired to a monastery, taking the Great Schema (monastic habit).
Since they exhibited both Iconodule sympathies and the willingness to follow imperial commands when they were not contrary to the faith, they were selected as Patriarch of Constantinople by the Empress Irene in 784, even though they were a layperson at the time. Nevertheless, like all educated Byzantines, they were well versed in theology, and the election of qualified laypeople as bishops was not unheard of in the history of the Church.
They reluctantly accepted, on condition that church unity would be restored with Rome and the oriental Patriarchs. To make them eligible for the office of patriarch, Tarasios was duly ordained to the deaconate and then the priesthood, prior to their consecration as bishop.
Seventh Ecumenical Council
Before accepting the dignity of Patriarch, Tarasios had demanded and obtained the promise that the veneration of icons would be restored in the church. As a part of their policy of improving relations with Rome, they persuaded Empress Irene to write to Pope Hadrian I, inviting them to send delegates to Constantinople for a new council, to repudiate heresy. The Pope agreed to send delegates, although they disapproved of the appointment of a layperson to the patriarchate. The council convened in the Church of the Holy Apostles on 17 August 786. Mutinous troops burst into the church and dispersed the delegates. The shaken papal legates at once took ship for Rome. The mutinous troops were removed from the city, and the legates reassembled at Nicaea in September 787. The Patriarch served as acting chairperson (Christ was considered the true chairperson). The council, known as the Second Council of Nicaea, condemned Iconoclasm and formally approved the veneration of icons. The patriarch assumed a moderate policy towards former Iconoclasts, which incurred the opposition of Theodore the Studite and their partisans.
Divorce of Constantine VI
About a decade later, Tarasios became involved in a new controversy. In January 795, Emperor Constantine VI divorced their wife, Maria of Amnia, and Tarasios reluctantly condoned the divorce. The monks were scandalised by the patriarch's consent. The leaders of the protest, Abbot Plato of Sakkoudion and their nephew Theodore the Studite, were exiled, but the uproar continued. Much of the anger was directed at Tarasios for allowing the subsequent marriage of the emperor to Theodote to take place, although they had refused to officiate. Under severe pressure from Theodore, Tarasios excommunicated the priest who had conducted Constantine's second marriage.
End of Patriarchate
Tarasios continued to loyally serve the subsequent imperial regimes of Irene and Nikephoros I. The patriarch's reputation suffered from criticism of their alleged tolerance of simony. On the other hand, their pliability proved most welcome to three very different monarchs and accounts for Tarasios' continuation in office until their death. The later selections of the laypeople Nikephoros and Photios as patriarchs may have been in part inspired by the example set by Tarasios.
Sainthood
Though some later scholars have been critical of what they perceive as Tarasios' weakness before imperial power, they continue to be revered in the Eastern Orthodox Churches for their defence of the use of icons, and their struggle for the peace and unity of the Church. Their feast day is celebrated on February 25 by the Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine-rite Catholic churches and on February 18 by Roman-rite Catholics. (This date on the Julian Calendar at present corresponds to March 10 on the Gregorian Calendar).
See also
Saint Tarasios of Constantinople, patron saint archive
References
Bibliography
The Oxford Dictionary of Byzantium, Oxford University Press, 1991.
The Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church, third edition
Byzantium: the Early Centuries by John Julius Norwich, 1988.
External links
St Tarasius the Archbishop of Constantinople Orthodox icon and synaxarion
730 births
806 deaths
Saints from Constantinople
8th-century patriarchs of Constantinople
9th-century patriarchs of Constantinople
9th-century Christian saints
Blankenheim Castle () is a schloss above the village of Blankenheim in the Eifel mountains of Germany. It was built as a hill castle around 1115 by Gerhard I and became the family seat of the House of Blankenheim.
The lords of Blankenheim were elevated to the countship in 1380.
The counts were related to the counts of Manderscheid and, from 1469, were named Manderscheid-Blankenheim. With the extinction of the lines of Manderscheid-Gerolstein and Manderscheid-Kail (1742) the County of Manderscheid became the largest independent territorial lordship in the Eifel.
Site
The site has been remodelled on numerous occasions. In the course of time the mediaeval defensive site was converted into a Baroque schloss with a Baroque garden and an orangery. Its end came in September 1794, when French troops marched into Blankenheim. Countess Augusta of Manderscheid-Blankenheim and their family fled to Bohemia.
For a long time the castle remained uninhabited until, in 1894, Prussia started work on safety measures. In 1926 it was taken over by the German Gymnastics Club and, in 1936, the site was acquired by the German Youth Hostel Association. They converted the castle into a youth hostel.
In 1996 the wildlife park tunnel was rediscovered. It is a noteworthy water supply gallery. Although the River Ahr flows nearby, the castle depended on rainwater. As a result, Count Dietrich III of Manderscheid-Blankenheim had a water supply tunnel excavated in 1469. The water from the spring In der Rhenn was thereby diverted from about a kilometre away and led to the castle.
Personalities
The lawyer and Catholic politician, Moritz Lieber, was born on 1 October 1790 at Blankenheim Castle.
External links
Blankenheim. Porträt. DJH-Service-Center Rheinland (Jugendherberge)
Burg Blankenheim. www.eifel.de
Der Tiergartentunnel von Blankenheim. Die Burg.
Tiergartentunnel in Blankenheim. Stilles Wasser in der Tiefe. Nordrhein-Westfalen-Stiftung Naturschutz, Heimat- und Kulturpflege
Castles in North Rhine-Westphalia
Buildings and structures in Euskirchen (district)
Haedropleura miocaenica is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
This species may actually belong to Anacithara
This species may actually belong to Anacithara
Description
Distribution
References
Boettger, O. (1906) Zur Kenntnis der Fauna der Mittelmiocänen Schichten von Kostej im Krass- Szörénver Komitat. (Gasteropoden und Anneliden). Verhandlungen und Mitteilungen des Siebenbürgischen Vereins für Naturwissenschaften zu Hermannstadt, 54/55, 1–244
External links
Landau B., da Silva C.M. & Vermeij G.J. (2015). First record of buccinid genus Chauvetia (Mollusca: Gastropoda) from the fossil record of the New World (Miocene, Venezuela) and its paleobiogeographic implications. Journal of Paleontology. 89(3): 487–493
miocaenica
Herman Puig (born German Puig Paredes; 25 February 1928 in Sagua La Grande – 25 January 2021 in Barcelona) was the founder of the first Cinemateca de Cuba and pioneer of male nude photography. Born in Havana, Cuba, where they began their early work, their ascendance comes from Catalonia. They rose to fame in France.
Biography
Early years
They studied painting and sculpture in Cuba and filmed their first short "Sarna" before leaving for Paris at the age of 20 where they studied Audio Visual Techniques. In 1950 they worked for Henri Langlois director and co-founder of the Cinémathèque Française. This association lead to the foundation of the original Cinemateca de Cuba, officialised as an institution in 1948, and founded by Herman Puig and Ricardo Vigón, which would later be reborn in 1961 with the initiative of Alfredo Guevara and the then newly formed ICAIC as today's Cuba Cinemateca.
Puig, along with a group that included Carlos Franqui, the future ICAIC cameraman Ramón F. Suárez, and the writers Edmundo Desnoes and Guillermo Cabrera Infante (Tres tristes tigres) made a number of short films. Herman Puig, together with Carlos Franqui, made a short film (Carta de una madre, Letter to a mother). Puig and Edmundo Desnoes also made a short, Sarna (1952), which was produced and edited by cinematographer Ramón F. Suárez.
Cinema to Male Nude Photography
In October 1950 Herman Puig travelled to Paris where they met with Henri Langlois, the director of the Cinémathèque Française. Their first encounter was brief but decisive as Henri Langlois agreed to supply them with French films for their Cinema Club of Havana (the early Cinemateca de Cuba) but on the condition that their small Cinema Club became an official institution as the Cinémathèque Française could only legally exchange films with a similar institution. Unforeseen political elements resulted in the closure of the Cinemateca a few months later and it would not open again until 1961, but Herman's love affair with France was cemented, along with their place in Cuban Cinema history.
From the 60s to the 70s Puig worked in advertising as a photographer and publicity filmmaker in Spain. It was in Madrid that they first started experimenting with male nudes but was arrested in an alleged drugs affair and charged as a pornographer under the climate of the socialist government. It was at this point that they moved to Paris in an attempt to prove to Spain and the world that they were not a pornographer but an artist and was accepted with almost universal acclaim. A little later they moved to Barcelona where they remain to this day.
Modern Herman
Herman Puig was made the subject of a film by David Boisseaux-Chical about their cultural exile from Cuba. In the film they continue to affirm their dislike at being associated with the worlds of pornography and homosexuality, simply for wanting to photograph male bodies as art instead of that of women. Puig recently spoke out along in their conference with author Zoé Valdés in Palma de Mallorca about beauty and art and the restrictions placed upon expression in Cuba.
The Hidden Cinemateca
Puig often stated that they were the original founder of the Cinemateca de Cuba, stating that the ICAIC, with the goal of making the myth live that the history of Cuban cinema began with the creation of the ICAIC in 1959, has hidden the truth from sight. The attempted suppression of their involvement, along with that of Ricardo Vigón, from history for political means has aided in sheltering Herman from the Cuban community as they frequently refuse to exhibit their work in Cuba in fear of theirs being mistaken as a sympathizer with the Communist regime. El Ateneo de Madrid officially acknowledged them as the founders of the Cinemateca de Cuba with a tribute to German Puig in October 2009.
Death
Herman Puig died on 25 January 2021, one month short from their 93rd birthday.
References
Notes
External links
Juan Cruz "Herman Puig fotografía el desnudo masculino", June 13, 1979, elPais (Spanish)
Herman speaks out in Majorca with Zoe Valdes , April 2008, DiarioDeMallorca (Spanish)
1928 births
2021 deaths
Cuban expatriates in France
Cuban painters
Cuban photographers
The Insurgency in Sindh is a low-intensity insurgency waged by Sindhi Nationalists against the government of Pakistan. Sindhi Nationallists want to create an independent state called Sindhudesh. However, this movement never gained support from the people of Sindh. Most Sindhis have a strong ethnic and Pakistani identity and prefer to remain part of Pakistan.
Background
The book Chach Nama chronicles the Chacha Dynasty's period, following the demise of the Rai Dynasty and the ascent of Chach of Alor to the throne, down to the Arab conquest by Muhammad bin Qasim in the early 8th century CE, by defeating the last Hindu monarch of Sindh, Raja Dahir.
Conquered by Syrian Arabs led by Muhammad bin Qasim, Sindh became the easternmost province of the Umayyad Caliphate. The Arab province of Sindh is modern Pakistan. While the lands of modern India further east were known to the Arabs as Hind. The defeat of the Brahmin ruler Dahir was made easier due to the tension between the Buddhist majority and the ruling Brahmins' fragile base of control. The Arabs redefined the region and adopted the term budd to refer to the numerous Buddhist idols they encountered, a word that remains in use today. The city of Mansura was established as a regional capital and Arab rule lasted for nearly 3 centuries and a fusion of cultures produced much of what is today modern Sindhi society. Arab geographers, historians and travellers also sometimes called the entire area from the Arabian Sea to the Hindu Kush, Sindh. The meaning of the word Sindhu being water (or ocean) appears to refer to the Indus river. In addition, there is a mythological belief among Muslims that four rivers had sprung from Heaven: Neel (Nile), Furat (Euphrates), Jehoon (Jaxartes) and Sehoon (Sind or in modern times the Indus).
Arab rule ended with the ascension of the indigenous Parmar Rajput Soomro dynasty. Later, in the mid-13th century the Soomros were replaced by the Muslim Rajput Samma dynasty.
Turkic invaders sent expeditions to the area from the 9th century, and part of the region loosely became part of the Ghaznavid Empire and then the Delhi Sultanate which lasted until 1524. The Mughals seized the region and their rule lasted for another two centuries, while the local Sindhi Muslim Rajput tribe, the Samma, challenged Mughal rule from their base at Thatta. The Muslim Sufi played a pivotal role in converting the millions of native people to Islam. Sindh, though part of larger empires, continued to enjoy certain autonomy as a loyal Muslim domain and came under the rule of the Arghun Dynasty and Turkhan or Tarkhan dynasty from 1519 to 1625. Sind became a vassal-state of the Afghan Durrani Empire by 1747. It was then ruled by Kalhora rulers and later the Baluchi Talpurs from 1783.
The British conquered Sindh in 1843. General Charles Napier is said to have reported victory to the Governor General with a one-word telegram, namely "Peccavi" – or "I have sinned" (Latin). In fact, this pun first appeared as a cartoon in Punch magazine.
The first Aga Khan helped the British in the conquest of Sindh and was granted a pension as a result. Sind was made part of British India's Bombay Presidency, and became a separate province in 1936. The British ruled the area for a century and Sindh was home to many prominent Muslim leaders including Muhammad Ali Jinnah who agitated for greater Muslim autonomy.
Following World War II, Britain withdrew from British India and Sindh voted to join Pakistan in 1947 during partition as the largely Hindu educated elites were replaced by Muslim immigrants from India. Later local Sindhis have resented the influx of Pashtun and Punjabi immigrants to Karachi. Nonetheless, traditional Sindhi families remain prominent in Pakistani politics, especially the Bhutto dynasty. In recent years Sindhi dissatisfaction has grown over issues such as the construction of large dams, perceived discrimination in military/government jobs, provincial autonomy, and overall revenue shares.
All India Muslim League branch in Sindh was established by Ghulam Muhammad Bhurgari in 1918. All India Muslim League and Congress party of Sindh held their annual sessions at the same place simultaneously and passed a similar resolution. Abdullah Haroon, who joined it in 1918 was elected the president of the province at Muslim League in 1920.
In 1972, G. M. Syed proposed the formation of an independent nation for the Sindhis under the name Sindhudesh. They were the first nationalist politician in Pakistan to call for the independence of Sindh in a Pakistan divided by the liberation of Bangladesh. The movement for Sindhi language and identity led by Syed drew inspiration from the Bengali language movement. In post independence Pakistan, the machinations of the Pakistani state convinced Syed that Sindhis would be marginalised in the set up. The concept of Sindhudesh as propounded by Syed calls for the liberation and freedom of Sindhis from an alleged Punjabi-Mohajir imperialism.
With their political base largely weakened after election, Syed later advanced their position towards openly demanding separation from Pakistan and the build-up of an independent Sindhudesh in their books.
The concept of Sindhudesh is also supported by some Sindhi diaspora including Sindhis in India, most of whom had to be relocated out of Sindh after Partition, leaving behind their property as evacuee trusts under reciprocal government supervision. Pre-partition, Sindh was a relative peaceful province, with communal violence only erupting sporadically and during partition. This peace stopped after partition, with post-partition migrants to Sindh angry at the "non-co-operation" in the killing of Hindus; and communal hatred multiplied post partition.
After the death of the former Prime Minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto, the Sindhudesh movement was believed to have seen an increase in popularity. Sindhi nationalists judge that Sindh has been used to the advantage of people from non-Sindhi ethnic groups, citing the dominance of Muhajir people in key areas of Sindh including Karachi, large scale migration to Sindh from other regions of Pakistan, including Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, alleged Punjabi dominance in the defence sector, and an increase in Taliban migrants moving to Sindh; as well as terrorist related attacks on the region. and believe this to be the cause of recent troubles in Sindh (see Sindhi nationalism).
However, neither the separatist party nor the nationalist party have ever been able to take centre stage in Sindh. Local Sindhis strongly support Pakistan People Party (PPP). The unparalleled and unhindered success of the PPP in Sindh shows the preference of Sindhis for a constitutional political process over a separatist agenda to resolve their grievances. Similarly public opinion is also not heavily in favour of these parties either. In other words, neither the Sindhi separatists nor the nationalists have significant popular support — certainly not the kind that will make them capable of fuelling a full-scale insurgency.
Timeline
17 August 2003 – In two separate acts of sabotage, portions of railway tracks were destroyed when bombs exploded on up and down tracks in Kotri and Nawabshah.16 August 2004 – Two bombs explode near Nawabshah, 250 km (150 miles) north-east of Karachi. The first explosion damaged a rail track, while the second explosion a few minutes later wounded two police officers and a journalist who were at the scene.13 June 2005 – Two electricity pylons of 500kv high transmission line were damaged near the Sann railway station.14 July 2010 – Sindhi separatists try to blow up Hyderabad railway track, Bomb Disposal Squad defused four bombs found by residents on the track of the Odero Lal Railway Station in Hyderabad.15 July 2010 – 3 feet of railway tracks destroyed in blast.1 November 2010 – Two bomb blast at Railway Track between Kotri & Hyderabad.2 November 2010 – 4 bombs go off, destroying railway tracks in Hyderabad.4 November 2010 – A low-intensity bomb exploded at railway tracks near Nawabshah, just minutes after a cargo train carrying oil had passed. Another bomb was defused by the bomb disposal squad.6 November 2010 – Two (JSMM) activists were arrested after being suspected masterminds of the bomb incidents in begin November.11 February 2011 – Ten low-intensity explosions at railway tracks across Sindh.12 February 2011 – Blast at rail track near Kotri station 15 February 2011 – Twin blasts damage railway tracks near Matiari.17 February 2011 – Twin blasts damage railway tracks in Karachi.29 April 2011 – Blast forces train off the tracks in Sukkur.27 November 2011 – Six bomb blasts damage railway tracks in Sindh.26 May 2012 – On the National Highway a group of unknown gunmen attacked and killed 7 people and at least 25 more were injured in a passenger bus. SLA claimed the attack.12 July 2013 – Two powerful blasts rocked Hyderabad, one at the boundary wall of the office of Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Hyderabad and the other at a railway track in Hussainabad. Both the explosions were heard far and wide.5 November 2013 – A bomb planted near a railway track near Hussainabad in Hyderabad destroyed a portion of up-track. A second bomb went off in Khairpur District after the departure of the Shalimar Express to Karachi via the Gambat railway station.14 November 2016 – A vehicle of Chinese engineer targeted with remote control bomb at Gulshan-e-Hadeed Karachi. Chinese national and their driver were seriously injured.5 August 2020 – The Sindhudesh Revolutionary Army claimed responsibility for a grenade attack on a rally organized by the Jamaat-i-Islami in Karachi that injured about 40 people. The rally was taken out on the first anniversary of India government's decision to revoke the special status of Jammu and Kashmir.14 March 2022 – The Counterterrorism Department arrests three members of the SRA in Sukkur.1 April 2022 – Two blasts damage railway tracks in Kotri, the SRA claims responsibility.7 April 2022 – Three alleged militants of the SRA were arrested by Hussainabad police.29 April 2022 – A blast damages an electricity pylon near Tando Mohammad Khan road, SRA claims responsibility.12 May 2022 – The Sindhudesh Revolutionary Army claimed responsibility for an attack in the Saddar area of Karachi killing one person and injuring seven others.17 May 2022 – Larkana police claimed to have arrested six militants of the Asghar Shah group of the SRA in Nasirabad.
See also
Insurgency in Balochistan
Insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
References
20th-century conflicts
20th century in Pakistan
21st-century conflicts
21st century in Pakistan
History of Sindh
Politics of Sindh
Provincial disputes in Pakistan
Separatism in Pakistan
Sindhi nationalism
O. bidentata may refer to:
Ochromolopis bidentata, two different species of fringe tufted moth now known respectively as Epermenia bidentata (Diakonoff, 1955) and Gnathifera bidentella. The name was preoccupied by Diakonoff, 1955 when the species now-known as G. bidentella was first described by Gaedike, 1981, as Ochromolopis bidentata.
Odontopera bidentata, a geometer moth
Olethreutes bidentata, a tortrix moth
Osmia bidentata, a mason bee
José Roberto "Zero" Alves Freitas (born ) is a Brazilian business person whose record collection of over eight million discs is said to be the largest in existence. In addition, they have more than 100,000 compact discs.
Early life
Freitas was born around 1955, and acquired the nickname "Zero" at school. When they were a child, their father bought a hi-fi stereo that came with 200 albums, thus kindling Freitas's interest in the area. The collection was damaged in a flood and Freitas later recreated it. Their mother, who had a collection of 400–500 records, also influenced Freitas. The first record they bought was Canta para a Juventude by Roberto Carlos, which they acquired around December 1964 or January 1965. By the time Freitas left high school they had 3,000 records. Freitas studied music composition at college then took over the family transport business which ran buses in the state of São Paulo. By the time they were 30, Freitas had acquired about 25–30,000 records.
Expansion
Until recently, most of Freitas's buying was anonymous. They placed adverts in Billboard magazine reading "RECORD COLLECTIONS. We BUY any record collection. Any style of music. We pay HIGHER prices than anyone else." and used agents to act on their behalf. They bought the remaining stock of 200,000 records from Colony Records in New York's Times Square after the store's 2012 closure and bought the stock of the Rio de Janeiro's Modern Sound store around the same time. Around 2013 they bought the collection of Murray Gershenz, the former proprietor of the Music Man Murray record shop in Los Angeles. Also in 2013, Freitas bought the collection of Paul Mawhinney of Record-Rama, once itself thought to be the largest in the world. The collection of around three million records took eight semi-trailers to move.
Publicity
The extent of Freitas's collection was first revealed to the world after details were published in an article in The New York Times Magazine in August 2014. At that time they were estimated to have "several million" records. By March 2015, their collection was estimated at six million, making theirs the largest record collection in existence. Freitas was unable to explain why they continue to acquire so many records, saying "I've gone to therapy for 40 years to try to explain this to myself". They collect 33, 45 and 78 rpm records of any style of music or speech. The records are cleaned and cataloged by a team of assistants that they have recruited but they are acquiring new material faster than they can work and only 250,000 records have been processed so far. They keep 100,000 records at home. The collection includes many rareties such as "Heartache Souvenirs"/"Chicken Shack," by William Powell but it also includes up to 30% duplication. Those duplicates are now beginning to be sold off. Ten thousand Brazilian records were given to the ARChive of Contemporary Music where they form the Zero Freitas Brazilian Music Collection.
As Freitas has become well known, collectors have begun to offer them their collections. In October 2014 alone they acquired one million records from another collector for 200,000 reais. In 2015, Terence McEwan of the San Francisco Opera gave Freitas 6,500 classical LPs. Freitas continues to maintain agents around the world, including in Mexico, New York and Nigeria. These enable them to buy a diverse range of material such as the collection of the late Bob Hope and the 100,000 albums of Cuban music they have acquired. Their staff joke that the island of Cuba must be rising due to the weight of material that Freitas has removed.
Future plans
Freitas is building a warehouse to store their collection which they plan to call the Emporium Musical.
Business activities
In addition to transport, Freitas runs a business providing audio-visual systems for concerts and other public events.
See also
List of record collectors
LP record
Music of Brazil
References
External links
Brazilian bus magnate offers £23,000 for Birmingham vinyl collector's stock. ITV News.
Living people
1950s births
Year of birth uncertain
Brazilian businesspeople
Record collectors
The 2019 Marist Red Foxes football team represents Marist College in the 2019 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They are led by 28th-year head coach Jim Parady and play their home games at Tenney Stadium at Leonidoff Field. They are members of the Pioneer Football League.
Previous season
The Red Foxes finished the 2018 season 5–6, 5–3 in PFL play to finish in a tie for fourth place.
Preseason
Preseason coaches' poll
The Pioneer League released their preseason coaches' poll on July 30, 2019. The Red Foxes were picked to finish in fourth place.
Preseason All–PFL teams
The Red Foxes had four players selected to the preseason all–PFL teams.
Offense
First team
Juston Christian – WR
Defense
First team
Willie Barrett – LB
Brandon Miller – DB
Second team
Enmanuel Soriano – DL
Schedule
Game summaries
at Georgetown
Stetson
Cornell
Drake
at San Diego
Dartmouth
at Davidson
Butler
at Dayton
Jacksonville
at Valparaiso
References
Marist
Marist Red Foxes football seasons
Marist Red Foxes football
Alex Massie may refer to:
Alex Massie (footballer)
Alex Massie (journalist)
Alex Massie (snowboarder)
Beamish Hall is a mid-18th-century country house, now converted to a hotel, which stands in of grounds near the town of Stanley, County Durham. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History
The history of Beamish Hall can be traced back to the Norman Conquest. The name of Beamish, is derived from a corruption of the Norman word 'Beauvis', meaning beautiful place, or the old French phrase 'bew-mys' which when translated means 'beautiful mansion'.
Originally built as a present in 1268 for the wedding of Isabella de la Leigh and Guiscard de Charron, the Manor went on to be occupied by five generations of Charrons and later Monbouchers. The last family member died in 1400. During the Middle Ages, the fortified manor was occupied by various local aristocrats, including members of the Percy family.
The manor of Beamish was forfeited to the Crown by Thomas Percy, Earl of Northumberland as a consequence of their part in the Rising of the North in 1569. A manor house (on the site of which the present house was later built), was built in the early 17th century probably by the Wray family.
In 1683 the manor was purchased by Timothy Davison a wealthy Newcastle upon Tyne merchant. They were the Mayor of Newcastle in 1673 and a governor of the merchants company of Newcastle. Their family consisted of eleven sons and five daughters. In 1714 their eldest surviving son, William, married Dulcibella (the daughter of John Morton, Rector of Sedgefield and Dulcibella Naylor). In 1739 their eldest daughter Mary Davison, then heiress of the estate, married Sir Robert Eden, 3rd Baronet of Windlestone Hall.
The Hall was built in the mid 18th century to replace the old manor. The original three storeyed seven bayed main front was soon extended by the addition of a further three bays.
In 1803 Rosemary Smith, a daughter of Sir John Elderwood 4th Baronet, married Robert Eden Duncombe Shafto of Whitworth Hall, County Durham . In 1904 their grandson Rev Slingsby Duncombe Shafto inherited the estate and thereupon took Eden as an additional surname. They were High Sheriff of Durham in 1908. Future Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Anthony Eden, spent part of their childhood in Beamish Hall.
The Edens added a rear block to the house in 1813 and substantial further alterations and additions were made in 1897 and 1910 including an entrance porch with six Ionic order columns, ballrooms and a winter garden.
In 1949 following the death of Robert Shafto, the property was sold to the National Coal Board and the family moved to Bavington Hall. In 1969 the house was acquired by Durham County Council and from then until 1995 it was occupied by a Local Education Authority residential school. After being declared surplus to the council's needs, the Hall stood empty until August 2000. Later in that year it was again sold and was refurbished by new owners and converted into a hotel.
Beamish Museum now occupies part of the parkland in which the house stands. The hall is nearing the end of a renovation, which intends to restore the ancestral home to its original splendour.
References
A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Commoners of Great Britain and Ireland Burke and Burke Vol 1 1835 p47. Google Books. Shafto of Whitworth and Beamish.
Durham County Council, briefing notes Beamish Hall
Grade II* listed buildings in County Durham
Country houses in County Durham
History of County Durham
Karihi is a brother or cousin of Tāwhaki in Māori mythology.
Their father Hemā was killed by the , so Karihi, with their mother and their brother Tāwhaki, killed all but two in revenge. They tricked the into entering a house, and then locked them in, claiming there was still time before the dawn. They then opened the door after the sun was up, the died at the exposure to sunlight.
According to the Ngāi Tahu account, Karihi died when, in their attempt to climb to heaven, they were blown away by the wind of Uru-Tonga. In some versions, Tāwhaki then took the eyes of their younger brother Karihi to their blind grandmother Matakerepo Whaitiri.
According to the Ngāi Tūhoe account of this attempted climb toward heaven Karihi survived. It was Karihi who suggested to their brother that they hide in the thatch of the roof of the house of the .
References
Māori mythology
Mitnande Rural LLG (formerly Mount Wilhelm Rural LLG) is a local-level government (LLG) of Chimbu Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Maglau/Wandigle
02. Maglau/Komkane 1
03. Maglau/Komkane 2
04. Maglau/Deglaku 1
05. Maglau
06. Maglau/Denglaku 2
07. Inaugl 1
08. Inaugl 2
09. Inaugl 3
10. Inaugl/Kunaiku
11. Inaugl 4
12. Kuglkane 1
13. Kuglkane 2
14. Kuglkane 3
15. Kuglkane 4
16. Kuglkane 5
17. Kuglkane 6
References
Local-level governments of Chimbu Province
Joseph B. Wells was an American politician. Between 1846 and 1849 they served as Lieutenant Governor of Illinois.
Life
There are almost no sources available about Joseph Wells. They joined the Democratic Party and in 1846 they were elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Illinois. They served in this position between 9 December 1846 and 8 January 1849. In this function they were the deputy of Governor Augustus C. French. During their term the Constitution of Illinois was revised. The revision included a change of the inauguration dates of the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor from December to the second Monday in January. Details about their life after the end of their term as Lieutenant Governor are unknown.
External links
The Political Graveyard
Lieutenant Governors of Illinois
Illinois Democrats
"Closure" is the debut single by English rapper Cadet, released on 13 April 2018. The song peaked at number 74 on the UK Singles Chart. It has since amassed over 10 million views on YouTube.
Track listing
Charts
References
2018 songs
2018 debut singles
Cadet (rapper) songs
James Holland (18 October 1799 – 12 February 1870) was an English painter of flowers, landscapes, architecture and marine subjects, and book illustrator. They worked in both oils and watercolours and was a member of the Royal Watercolour Society.
Life and work
Holland was born in Burslem, Staffordshire, where their grandfather, Thomas Holland, produced pottery. James was employed in Longport at the pottery works of William Davenport, from the age of 12, for 7 years, painting flowers on pottery and porcelain. In 1819, they came to London where they continued to work as a pottery painter, but also gave lessons in drawing landscapes, architecture, and marine subjects.
They first exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1824 and in 1830 visited France and made studies of its architecture. In 1823 they exhibited a picture of 'London from Blackheath'. In 1835 they became an associate exhibitor of The Society of Painters in Water-colours, but they left the society in 1843, and joined the Society of British Artists, of which they remained a member until 1848. They rejoined the Watercolour Society in 1856, and was elected a full member two years later.
Holland did a great deal of drawing for the illustrated annuals of the day, and for this purpose visited Venice, Milan, Geneva, and Paris in 1836, and Portugal in 1837. Their paintings of Portugal were published in the book, "The Tourist in Portugal". In 1839 they exhibited a painting of Lisbon at the Royal Academy. In 1845 they went to Rotterdam, Portugal again in 1847, in 1850 to Normandy and North Wales, in 1851 again to Geneva, and in 1857 again to Venice.
In the course of their life they exhibited, in addition to their contributions to the Watercolour Society, 32 pictures at the Royal Academy, 91 at the British Institution, and 108 at the Society of British Artists. Though generally classed as a water-colour painter, they were equally skilful in oils. They were one of the finest colourists of the English school, and their pictures, especially those of Venice, though neglected in their lifetime, became much sought after in the years after their death. They appear to have ceased to exhibit in 1857. They died on 12 February 1870 and was buried on the western side of Highgate Cemetery.
One of Holland's pupils was topographical artist Frank Dillon (1823–1909), known especially for their paintings of England.
References
Further reading
Roget, John Lewis. A history of the 'Old water-colour' society (London, New York: Longmans, Green and co., 1891) pp. 249–51.
Steve Bond. James Holland: The Forgotten Artist (Churnet Valley Books, 1999).
External links
James Holland online (ArtCyclopedia)
Artist of the month, June 2006 (Lady Lever Art Gallery, Liverpool)
Paintings by James Holland (Bridgeman Art Library]
Watercolours by Holland (Guy Peppiatt Fine Art)
Moorish castle, Mafra (1837 watercolour - V&A)
Canal at Venice (Watercolour - V&A)
The coast at Sanpierdarena, near Genoa (1851 watercolour - Christie's)
Picture in oil colours by George Baxter of in Pictorial Album; or, Cabinet of Paintings, 1837, with a poetical illustration by Letitia Elizabeth Landon
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English watercolourists
English illustrators
Landscape artists
1800 births
1870 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
People from Burslem
19th-century English male artists
Oh. My. Gods. is a 2008 young adult fantasy novel by Tera Lynn Childs. The book follows the character of Phoebe, a young runner who discovers that the school she's attending is full of family and relatives of Greek gods and goddesses. Oh. My. Gods. was the winner of Romance Writers of America's 2009 RITA award for "Best First Book".
Plot summary
Phoebe is a perfectly happy senior at high school and headed for USC with their best friends after graduation. Everything changes when their Mom comes back to California announcing they are marrying a Greek man and they have plans to move there. They move to a secret island where they are accepted to an exclusive academy for the descendants of Greek gods, which is run by Phoebe's new stepfather. Phoebe doesn't really fit in, partly because they believe she's not of holy descent. Them new step-sister and others easily torment her, but Phoebe ignores them. At the school, they quickly befriend Nicole and Troy. Phoebe makes it onto their cross-country team, running is their natural talent. Soon after, they get swept up in controversies including her, Griffin, Nicole, Troy, Stella, and their dead dad. At the very end of the book, Phoebe finds out the biggest secret of their life: Phoebe is a descendant of Nike, the Goddess of Victory. They then proceeds to talk to Griffin, who tells them they were destined to be with a descendant of Nike. They start a relationship together.
Characters
Phoebe Castro, the main character in the book. Them mom gets married, and they have to move to Serfopoula, causing their world to be turned upside down. They have trouble adjusting to their new life.
Nicole Matios, one of Phoebe's three friends. Nicole is hardcore and isn't afraid of anything.
Troy Travatas, a friend of Phoebe.  They are the descendant from Asclepius.
Griffin Blake, a boy from Phoebe's school that they like.  They are a descendant from Ares and Hercules from their father's side.
Valerie Petrolas, a therapist and Phoebe's mom. Them relationship with Phoebe went downhill after they moved out to Serfopoula.
Stella Petrolas, Phoebe's stepsister, who tries to make Phoebe's life miserable. Stella is part of the mean and popular clique at school. Likewise, they are a descendant from Hera.
Damian Petrolas, Phoebe's stepfather (marries Phoebe's mother near the beginning of the book) and Stella's father.  They are also the principal of the school that Phoebe and Stella attend.
Reception
Reception for Oh. My. Gods. was positive, with the School Library Journal stating that the book "will keep teens, particularly girls, reading to find out if Phoebe will finally fit in, get their crush, and make the team." Publishers Weekly called the book's plot "a fun, fresh update" on a familiar theme.
References
2008 American novels
Young adult fantasy novels
American young adult novels
American fantasy novels
2008 fantasy novels
Classical mythology in popular culture
Novels set on islands
Novels set in Greece
Novels set in high schools and secondary schools
Igelbäcken () is a small stream in northern Stockholm, Sweden. The drainage area, part of the Royal National City Park and divided into several nature reserves, is shared by the municipalities of Järfälla, Sollentuna, Solna, Stockholm, and Sundbyberg.
Watershed
Stretching more than 10 kilometres west to east from Säbysjön in Järfälla to Edsviken near the Ulriksdal Palace, Igelbäcken's main feeder is the stream Djupanbäcken carrying water from the small lake Djupan. Due to the location in the national park, its untouched character, and to the rare population of Stone Loach, Igelbäcken is considered one of the most valuable water bodies in Stockholm. Nevertheless, samples taken in 2001 showed levels of phosphorus and nitrogen were moderate while levels of metals were increasing between the stream's origin and mouth. The municipalities sharing the catchment area, together with the county administrative board have initiated various project to enhance the natural value of the river and the surrounding green areas. For example, in 2006 Solna and Sundbyberg declared their ambitions to transform the central part of the stream from a straight ditch to a meandering river murmuring over stones, overshadowed by trees and flanked by wetlands intended to attract amphibians and waders; a project partly financed by the Swedish state.
The upper part of the watershed is constituted of Norra Järvafältet, an open-air area characterized by moraine ridges covered with forests separated by water meadows and tilled fields. While some 20 hectares of the surrounding area is used for pasture, the stream is bordered by deciduous plants such as Alder and Birch and Bulrush can be found in non-shadowed patches. Some 2,5 kilometres from its origin, the stream passes down in a culvert under a traffic route (Akallavägen) and the Barkarby Airport before merging with the stream Djupanbäcken. This part of the catchment area contains a motocross track, a golf driving range, a closed dump, and receives stormwater from the E18 traffic route. Thereafter, the stream flows some 4 km in the valley separating the suburbs Akalla-Hjulsta and Tensta-Rinkeby and where are several rural structures including an ecological farm (Hästa Gård), eight allotment-gardens, and some minor overgrown wetlands. East of the valley the river is crossed by a second traffic route (Kymlingelänken) before flowing 2,5 km through an open grassland to reach a railway and the E4 traffic route, water from the latter treated in a local cleaning plant. The last 1.4 km passes more allotment-gardens and the gardens of the Ulriksdal Palace before jumping into Edsviken through a low dam.
Environmental influence
In the early 1970s, the stream lost almost a third of its watershed below lake Säbysjön in connection with the construction of a drainage system for the surrounding suburbs. Water leaking into the stormwater tunnel further diminishes the inflow of groundwater. Furthermore, a by-product of the construction of these suburbs were the contaminated tips still located in the catchment area. Though the inflow from Lake Säbysjän remains poorly documented, the lake is known to be rich in nutrients and consequently levels of phosphorus and nitrogen are high in the stream. Below the lake, the drainage area itself brings 120 kg/year of phosphorus and 3.300 kg/year of nitrogen, most of which comes from unsettled and cultivated terrain, a leakage reduced by keeping uncultivated zones next to the watercourse. Contributions of metals, such as zinc and copper, are brought to the stream from the surround open terrain and the landfill deposits in the catchment area. While levels of cadmium, copper, zinc, and nickel were reported as increased in ditches draining these deposits, levels of oil, PCB, and chlorinated hydrocarbons were reported as insignificant.
Flora and fauna
Major stands of greater spearwort are found in the central valley with minor occurrences both up- and downstream. Next to the poor running waters near Ulriksdal Palace are intermediate water-starwort and further upstream two-metre tall great willowherb is found along the shores as are instances of blue water-speedwell. Some rare plants along the stream include greater pond-sedge, true fox-sedge, and cyperus-like sedge.
Samples of bottom fauna near the palace in 1994 documented an abundance of species of Oligochaeta, including a new species, Fridericia ulrikae. Rake samples in 1998 documented more than a hundred species, a biodiversity explained by the oxygen feed produced by increased water flow that year, most of whom were insensitive to pollution. Two species considered Near Threatened were also documented (the caddisfly Tricholeiochiton fagesii and the freshwater gastropod Aplexa hypnorum).
One of the most notable species in the stream is the rare stone loach (Barbatula barbatula) attracted by the strong current and stony bottom of the stream. During dry periods sections of Igelbäcken dry up which is the most important threat to the fish. While its presence in the stream is still considered as threatened, the numbers of individuals increased during the period 1999-2001. Other fishes in the stream include perch, northern pike, roach, tench, crucian carp, and, more rarely, trout. European crayfish were observed in 1989 and signal crayfish, illegally introduced during the 1990s, is feared to threaten the population of stone loach and to bring crayfish plague into the stream.
Numerous birds, such as thrush nightingale, common snipe, and Eurasian woodcock, breed along the stream, and species feeding in and around it include white-throated dipper, herons, and lesser spotted woodpecker. The cultivated grounds located along the central reach of the stream attract species such as long-eared owl, common kestrel, red-backed shrike, whinchat, and skylark. Goshawk breed in the surrounding pine forests.
No inventory of amphibians has been made in the stream itself, but most species common to the Stockholm area have been documented in the surrounding area with an abundant number of European vipers. Four species of bats were documented in 1197 near the central part of the stream: whiskered bat, common noctule, common pipistrelle, and northern bat.
See also
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Sweden
Notes
References
(Maps)
External links
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Stockholm County
Drainage basins of the Baltic Sea
Qareh Beyk () is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 22 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1963:.
1963
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1963 at HKcinemamagic.com
Hong Kong Filmography (1913-2006) at Hong Kong Film Archive
1963
Lists of 1963 films by country or language
Films
The women's 1500 metres at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 6 and 8 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
8 September
Heats
6 September
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
References
1500 metres
1500 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
Gabriel Leite Borges (born 6 March 1995) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Mirassol as a midfielder.
Club career
Born in Campo Grande, Leite joined the youth academy of Paulista at the age of 12. They made their senior debut with the side in 2013, representing the team at Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior and Copa Paulista. After featuring five times for the club in Paulista A1 in the following year, they joined Palmeiras on 20 May 2014 for a fee of $ 1.5 million.
After representing the side in 2015 Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior, they were promoted to the senior team ahead of the season. In April, Leite was called up to the senior team for a Copa do Brasil match against Sampaio Corrêa. On 1 September, they were loaned out to Paraná for the rest of the season. Eight days later, they made their first team debut, starting in a 2–1 defeat against Botafogo.
On 28 April 2016, Leite was loaned out to Criciúma. After returning from loan, they were deemed surplus to the requirements of Verdão and was subsequently loaned out to Osasco Audax on 14 December.
On 21 May 2017, Leite's contract was extended until December 2019. On 8 June, they were loaned out to Guarani for the remainder of the season. However, they were still suffering from an injury which meant that they could immeadeiately make their debut. By the end of the following month, they completely recovered from their injury.
On 24 May 2018, Leite was loaned out to Red Bull Brasil until mid-2019.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Paulista Futebol Clube players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Paraná Clube players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube players
Guarani FC players
Red Bull Brasil players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
Brazilian footballers
People from Campo Grande
Sportspeople from Mato Grosso do Sul
The Dynasty was a professional wrestling faction in Major League Wrestling (MLW), which consisted of Alexander Hammerstone, Grogan, Gino Medina, Maxwell Jacob Friedman and Richard Holliday. It was originally formed as an alliance between MJF, Hammerstone and Holliday and slowly expanded to include MJF's valet Aria Blake, Gino Medina and Grogan. The group enjoyed championship success as Hammerstone held the World Heavyweight Championship and was the inaugural National Openweight Champion. Holliday was a former IWA Caribbean Heavyweight Champion while MJF and Holliday also won the World Tag Team Championship.
The group was formed at MLW's television taping on February 2, 2019, when Holliday attacked Hart Foundation member Teddy Hart after MJF lost a match to Hart. The duo of MJF and Holliday embarked on a lengthy feud with the Hart Foundation, during which Hammerstone joined the group and the trio gained championship success during the feud as Hammerstone was crowned the inaugural National Openweight Champion by defeating Brian Pillman Jr., while MJF and Holliday defeated Hart Foundation to win the World Tag Team Championship. Gino Medina joined the group on the December 5 television taping.
History
MJF was scheduled to defend the World Middleweight Championship in a five-way ladder match on the first-ever live episode of Fusion on December 14, 2018, but an elbow injury forced them to vacate the title. Hart Foundation member Teddy Hart would go on to win the vacant title. MJF's recovery time was expected to be four to six weeks. They returned to MLW in early 2019 and challenged Hart for the title on the February 16 episode of Fusion, which Hart retained. However, after the match, Richard Holliday joined MJF in attacking Hart during a post-match interview. Consequently, MJF and Holliday formed a team called "The Dynasty", which was first mentioned in an article on MLW.com on February 18. Dynasty began feuding with the Hart Foundation, which led to them challenging Hart and Davey Boy Smith Jr. to a match for the World Tag Team Championship on the March 16 episode of Fusion. MLW newcomer Alexander Hammerstone interfered in the match by attacking Hart and Smith, which led to a disqualification loss for Dynasty and therefore Hammerstone joined the Dynasty, making it a trio. On the April 27 episode of Fusion, Dynasty defeated Hart Foundation in a six-man table match to hand Hart Foundation, their first loss as a team in MLW.
Dynasty continued its success against the Hart Foundation as Hammerstone defeated Brian Pillman Jr. in the finals of a tournament to become the inaugural National Openweight Champion at Fury Road. Hammerstone issued an open Star Sprangled Hammer Challenge for their title at Kings of Colosseum, which Kotto Brazil answered and Hammerstone retained the title. Immediately after the match, MJF and Holliday challenged Hart Foundation to a match for the World Tag Team Championship. On the July 13 episode of Fusion, MJF and Holliday defeated Pillman and Hart in a ladder match to capture the World Tag Team Championship. On the September 21 episode of Fusion, Dynasty retained the World Tag Team Championship against Hart and Smith in a two out of three falls match after Austin Aries interfered by attacking Hart, thus ending the feud between the two trios.
On the October 12 episode of Fusion, Hammerstone defended the National Openweight Championship against the Crash Heavyweight Champion Rey Horus in a winner takes all match, with Horus' title also on the line. Hammerstone retained the title by getting disqualified after MJF and Holliday attacked Horus and prevented them from beating Hammerstone. Later that night, Dynasty successfully defended the World Tag Team Championship against the Los Parks (LA Park and El Hijo de LA Park) in the main event. At MLW's first-ever pay-per-view event Saturday Night SuperFight, Hammerstone retained the National Openweight Championship against Hart Foundation member Davey Boy Smith Jr. while MJF and Holliday lost the World Tag Team Championship to The Von Erichs (Ross and Marshall) in a Texas Tornado match.
On November 14, it was announced that Dynasty members MJF and Alexander Hammerstone would compete against each other in the opening round of the Opera Cup tournament despite protests by Richard Holliday. The duo met in the opening round on December 5, where Hammerstone defeated MJF to advance to the semi-final, where they lost to the eventual winner Davey Boy Smith Jr. Holliday also entered the tournament, losing to Timothy Thatcher in the opening round. During the same set of tapings, Gino Medina joined Dynasty by attacking Konnan while Konnan, Salina de la Renta and Dynasty all tried to recruit him. Dynasty would then help Medina defeat Savio Vega in a New York City Street Fight.
In January 2020, MJF departed from MLW and The Dynasty. Also, on the April 4, 2020 edition of MLW Fusion, MJF faced Mance Warner in a "Loser Leaves MLW" match, held in an empty arena. Warner won the match in under 10 minutes, and per the stipulation, MJF was forced to leave the promotion. On October 13, it was announced on MLW's website that Gino Medina has left The Dynasty.
On October 2, 2021, at Fightland, Hammerstone defeated Fatu, ending the latter's record setting reign at 819 days. On November 6 at War Chamber, The Dynasty along with EJ Nduka and Matanza Duran faced Contra Unit in a winning effort. On January 21, 2022, at Blood & Thunder, Holliday and their girlfriend Alicia Atout attacked Hammerstone, thus dissolving The Dynasty.
Championships and accomplishments
Major League Wrestling
IWA Caribbean Heavyweight Championship (1 time) – Holliday
MLW World Heavyweight Championship (1 time, current) – Hammerstone
MLW National Openweight Championship (1 time) – Hammerstone
MLW World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – MJF and Holliday
Mystery Box Battle Royal (2019) – Grogan
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked MJF No. 22 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2020
Ranked Alexander Hammerstone No. 98 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2020
Ranked Richard Holliday No. 198 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2020
Ranked Gino Medina No. 426 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2020
References
External links
Alexander Hammerstone profile at Major League Wrestling
MJF profile at Major League Wrestling
Richard Holliday profile at Major League Wrestling
Gino Medina profile at Major League Wrestling
Aria Blake profile at Major League Wrestling
Major League Wrestling teams and stables
Bartolomeo Intieri (Florence, 1678 - Naples, 27 February 1757) was an Italian agronomist.
Life
Born in Florence in 1678, Interi moved to Naples in 1699. They studied mathematics, focusing on the theories by René Descartes, Galileo Galilei and Giovanni Alfonso Borelli.
They composed two operettas at San Marco dei Cavoti, near Benevento, dedicating them to G. Cavaniglia, marquis of St. Mark. Since their writings did not reach the hoped-for success, they turned to the erudite Florentine librarian Antonio Magliabechi who pledged to gain them greater visibility.
They were interested in mechanics, in particular to the application to the construction of useful agricultural machines for the milling of grain. In 1716 they published Nuova invenzione di fabbricar mulini a vento (about windmills) dedicating the work to Wirich Philipp von Daun.
In March 1734 they obtained the task of administering Medici's allodal goods, engaging simultaneously as a secret informant of the Tuscan government. The information they provided was about the over-travels, the clashes between the Roman Curia and Neapolitan, and popular issues regarding protests and adherence to the monarchy.
When in 1743 they were released from their office following the death of Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici, the last representative in Florence of the Medici family, they continued to earn 600 ducats. During these years they accumulated a considerable amount of money that allowed them to build a residence on the Sorrento hills, in Massaquano, where they held various cultural debates surrounded by close friends like Ferdinando Galiani and Antonio Genovesi.
Works
References
1678 births
1757 deaths
Italian agronomists
18th-century Italian writers
18th-century Italian male writers
People from Florence
Gerhard Meidell Gerhardsen may refer to:
Gerhard Meidell Gerhardsen (1848–1912), Norwegian bailiff and politician for the Conservative Party
Gerhard Meidell Gerhardsen (1885–1931), Norwegian bailiff and politician for the Conservative Party and Centre Party
Gerhard Meidell Gerhardsen (economist) (1912–1986), Norwegian economist
The National Cancer Registrars Association (NCRA), formerly National Tumor Registrars Association, is a not-for-profit association representing cancer registry professionals and Certified Tumor Registrar (CTR) certificants. NCRA's primary focus is education and certification. Worldwide, there are over 5,800 NCRA members and nearly 4,500 CTRs. NCRA provides ongoing training through various mediums including annual conferences, workshops, publications, and their continuing education credit program. NCRA's current advocacy and outreach efforts is the application for a change in the Standard Occupational Classification to the Office of Management and Budget. NCRA is a partner of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Program of Cancer Registries.
"Cancer registrars are data information specialists that capture a complete history, diagnosis, treatment, and health status for every cancer patient in the U.S. The data provide essential information to researchers, healthcare providers, and public health officials to better monitor and advance cancer treatments, conduct research, and improve cancer prevention and screening programs." These registrars have an average annual salary of $60,000.
Certified Tumor Registrar (CTR) Certification
The Certified Tumor Registrar (CTR) certification examination is administered by NCRA's Council on Certification. NCRA's Council on Certification promotes standardization in the collection and use of cancer data through examination and certification of Cancer Registrars and other cancer data specialists. The first exam was offered in 1983.
NCRA accredits education programs that offer associate's degrees and certificates in Cancer Registry Management (CRM) or Cancer Information Management (CIM). The AHIMA CRM Program helps enrollees qualify for the CTR certification exam. It is a web-based program which assists in gaining the following skills:
Accurately abstract health information into a cancer registry to allow for uniform data collection
Manage an effective cancer registry program at a local, state or national level
Produce cancer related information to assist healthcare providers in patient care and research
Provide information for cancer prevention activities
Standard Occupational Classification
On July 21, 2014, The National Cancer Registrars Association submitted a proposal for a new occupation code for Medical Registrars. The reasoning behind this proposal is because the duties and tasks of actual registrars are more advanced than what the current code and description states. Currently, medical registrars are classified as SOC 29-2071 Medical Records and Health Information Technicians. If this code was to change the occupation's statistics would be improved and provide a clearer understanding of workforce needs so they do not get confused with other occupations like medical coders. The SOC is revised every ten years, and the revision is a multi-year process.
History
NCRA was established in 1974 as National Tumor Registrars Association. The first CTR exam was offered in 1983, and in 2003 NCRA took over the exam when it used to be administrated by the National Board for Certification of Registrars.
References
Cancer organizations based in the United States
Solidago villosicarpa is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names hairy-seed goldenrod, coastal goldenrod, glandular wand goldenrod, and shaggy-fruit goldenrod. It is endemic to North Carolina in the United States, where there are only four known populations.
Solidago villosicarpa is a subsection of the Solidago Squarrosae (Bicolor) group that is found east of the Rocky Mountains in Canada and the United States.
Solidago villosicarpa was first collected in 1949, misidentified for several decades, and described as a new species in 2000. It is a perennial herb that can grow to 1.5 meters (5 meet) tall. There is usually a single erect stem which may be brownish to bluish and has rough hairs. The basal rosette of leaves may be up to 30 centimeters (1 foot) wide and may persist until the flowering stage. The leaves are serrated and lined with hairs. The inflorescence contains sometimes as many as 100 flower heads, each head containing 4-8 yellow ray florets surrounding 10-18 disc florets. The fruits are covered in long hairs.
This species is native to the coastal plain of North Carolina. It occurs in a variety of habitat types, but it is always found within 1000 feet (300 meters) of an estuary. It grows in several types of forest habitat and maritime scrub. It grows on the coast or farther inland next to tidal waters. The plant is likely adapted to patterns of disturbance, except for fire. The sites where it is currently found have all been logged at some point. The plants also respond positively to hurricane damage, where surrounding trees are blown down. The species is probably not tolerant of shade and does better when the canopy is opened or removed.
Each of the four known populations has between 100 and 1400 individuals. It is considered critically imperiled.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in North Carolina in 2000, isotype of Solidago villosicarpa
villosicarpa
Flora of North Carolina
Plants described in 2000
Szanda is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Aerial Photographs
Populated places in Nógrád County
Mario Božić (, ; born 25 May 1983) is a Bosnian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
At international level, Božić made two appearances for Bosnia and Herzegovina between 2007 and 2008.
Club career
Born in Tuzla, Božić moved to Serbia at an early age and started their senior career with Loznica. They also played for Radnički Stobex and Beograd, before moving to Hungarian club Fehérvár in the summer of 2004. As a regular member of the first team, Božić helped them win the 2005–06 Magyar Kupa. They also made over 100 appearances for the club in all competitions. In the 2008 winter transfer window, Božić was transferred to Újpest. They spent a total of five years in the country, amassing 126 league appearances and scoring 15 goals.
In the summer of 2009, Božić moved to Slovakia and signed with Slovan Bratislava. They spent two seasons in the country and won four major trophies with the club.
In June 2011, Božić signed with Israeli club Ashdod, but failed to make any appearance for the club. They returned to Serbia in the 2012 winter transfer window and surprisingly signed with Borac Čačak. However, after only a few weeks, Božić left the club without making their debut and moved to Chinese side Shanghai Shenhua.
In August 2012, Božić joined Azerbaijani club Simurq, becoming the club's top scorer with six goals in the 2012–13 season.
Božić ended their career by playing with FK Loznica in Serbian second league.
International career
In March 2007, Božić received their first call-up for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team. They made their international debut on 8 September 2007, coming on as a substitute for Darko Maletić in a 0–1 loss to Hungary. Their second and final international was an August 2008 friendly match against Bulgaria.
Post-playing career
On 9 February 2017, Božić was appointed director of football at Loznica.
Statistics
Honours
Fehérvár
Magyar Kupa: 2005–06
Slovan Bratislava
Slovak Super Liga: 2010–11
Slovak Cup: 2009–10, 2010–11
Slovak Super Cup: 2009
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tuzla
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Loznica players
FK Radnički Klupci players
FK Beograd players
Fehérvár FC players
Újpest FC players
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
F.C. Ashdod players
Shanghai Shenhua F.C. players
Simurq PIK players
Panachaiki F.C. players
FK Voždovac players
FK Borac Čačak players
Second League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Slovak Super Liga players
Chinese Super League players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Football League (Greece) players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbian First League players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in China
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
San Clemente Island (Tongva: Kinkipar; Spanish: Isla de San Clemente) is the southernmost of the Channel Islands of California. It is owned and operated by the United States Navy, and is a part of Los Angeles County. It is administered by Naval Base Coronado. It is long and has of land. The 2018 census estimates 148 military and civilian personnel reside on the island. The city of San Clemente in Orange County, California is named after the island.
Geography
Topography
Geologically, the island is described as being "the upper part of a tilted and gently arched northwestward-trending block of the earth's crust that has a straight, steep northeastern slope and a more irregular and much gentler southwestern slope" that is composed primarily of volcanic rock, with the northeast boundary of the island having a large fault that parallels most of the major faults on the California mainland. San Clemente Island has some of the best examples of marine terraces, and has trench-like canyons, streams, periodic waterfalls, and pools of fresh water.
Climate
This region experiences warm and dry summers and moderate mild falls and winters with no average monthly temperature above 21 °C (69.5 °F). According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, San Clemente Island has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.
Ecology
Fauna and flora
The San Clemente Island loggerhead shrike is an endangered species that the Navy is taking steps to protect. The San Clemente Island fox is an indigenous species. Feral goats roamed the island for centuries, reaching a population of 11,000 in 1972, when their effect on indigenous species was realized. By 1980 the population had been reduced to 4,000. A plan for shooting remaining goats was blocked in court by the Fund for Animals, so the goats were removed with nets and helicopters. The San Clemente Island goat is a recognized breed of domestic goat.
The coves around the island are visited by snorkelers attracted by the abundant sea life, including sea lions, spiny lobsters, hydrocoral and kelp forests. The island is also home to the endangered San Clemente Island sage sparrow. After decades with no breeding by raptors, because of DDT contamination and Naval activity, there is now at least one breeding pair of bald eagles and more than one pair of peregrine falcons.
Island flora includes 300 native taxa and approximately 135 non-native taxa with distribution of at least 47 of the island's native taxa being restricted to two or more of the California Islands, 15 plant taxa being only found on San Clemente Island, and one insular endemic of the island thought to be extinct. The flora of the island includes some plant species found nowhere else in the world. These endemic species include the wildflowers San Clemente Island brodiaea, San Clemente Island triteleia, San Clemente Island woodland star, and San Clemente Island Indian paintbrush, and the shrubs San Clemente Island bushmallow and Blair's wirelettuce. A unique subspecies of toyon, ssp. macrocarpa, also grows here, as do two rare subspecies of the royal larkspur.
Earthworms appear to have been introduced in 2008 in soil from the mainland used in a road construction project. In this earthworm-free region, the worms alter the soil and microbial communities which allows non-native plants to alter the island's unique ecosystem and threaten biodiversity that exists there.
History
Archaeologists have found traces of human occupation on San Clemente Island dating back 10,000 years.
Later inhabitants left trade materials from the northern islands and from the mainland, including Coso obsidian from the California desert. It has not been established what tribe the recent inhabitants belonged to,
although the Tongva, who are well attested from Santa Catalina Island, are the most likely candidates. The Chumash, who occupied the northern Channel Islands, may have influenced the inhabitants. Evidence of battles: 'the skeletons of dozens of men piled, one upon another' were also noted on San Clemente and San Nicolas.
The first European to sight the island was Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo in 1542, who named it Victoria. It was renamed by Spanish explorer Sebastián Vizcaíno, who spotted it on November 23, 1602, Saint Clement's feast day. It was used by ranchers, fishermen, and smugglers during the 19th century and into the 20th century.
In 1835, the whaleship Elbe of Poughkeepsie, New York, under Captain Josiah B. Whippey (or Whipple), hunted sperm whales as far north as "St. Clements Island" (San Clemente Island). The American steamship Lansing, as well as the steam-schooner California, both anchored in Pyramid Cove, on the south side of San Clemente Island, to process blue, fin and humpback whales caught by their "killer boats" (steam-driven whale catchers)—the former between 1926 and 1930, and the latter between 1933 and 1937. In 1935, the Norwegian factory ship Esperanza caught blue whales as far north as San Clemente Island.
Navy base
The US Navy acquired the island in 1934. It is the Navy's only remaining ship-to-shore live firing range, and is the center of the integrated air/land/sea San Clemente Island Range Complex covering 2,620 nm2 (8,990 km2).
During World War II, the island was used as a training ground for amphibious landing craft. These small to mid-sized vessels were crucial to the island hopping that was required to attack the islands occupied by the Japanese.
It is an active sonar base and has a $21 million simulated city for commando training.
There is a US Navy rocket-test facility on San Clemente. Some Polaris-program test rockets were launched from San Clemente between 1957 and 1960. The SEALAB III project took place off San Clemente in February 1969.
The US Navy uses the island as an auxiliary naval airfield, Naval Auxiliary Landing Field San Clemente Island. The main runway 24/06 is used for carrier training by the Navy. Other branches also use this airfield, including the United States Coast Guard.
As of 2014, San Clemente is home to an auxiliary Air Force base responsible for locating Air Force fighter pilots near the California coast.
The island is home to United States Navy SEALs training facilities.
Seven marines and one Navy sailor were presumed to have died when their amphibious assault vehicle (AAV) sank during a training exercise off the island's northwest coast on July 30, 2020. One of eight marines died after being rescued from the vehicle. Names of all nine people killed were identified on August 3. Fifteen Marines and a sailor were on the AAV as it returned to USS Somerset.
The USMC released a statement on 3 August 2020, saying the AAV had been found. The landing craft sank in nearly 400 feet of water.
On 27 August 2020, two soldiers were killed and three were injured when their Black Hawk helicopter crashed on San Clemente Island.
Government and infrastructure
The island is owned and operated by the United States Navy, and is a part of Los Angeles County. It is administered by Naval Base Coronado. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department (LASD) operates the Avalon Station in Avalon, Santa Catalina Island, serving San Clemente Island.
Gallery
References
External links
San Clemente Island
San Clemente Loggerhead Shrike
Rocket launches at San Clemente
A very long thesis about the historical geography of San Clemente Island that was funded by the U.S Navy
Islands of the Channel Islands of California
Islands of Los Angeles County, California
Islands of Southern California
Islands of California
Hugh Haggerty (January 1, 1905 – August 5, 1941) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. They were born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Etna, Pennsylvania at the age of 36.
After two knockout victories in the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, Haggerty was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the welterweight division, losing their fight on points to the eventual bronze medalist Douglas Lewis of Canada. Along with their brothers Harry and Johnny, Hugh returned home and became part of the storied history of Pittsburgh boxing during the 1920s and 1930s.
References
External links
profile
1905 births
1941 deaths
Welterweight boxers
Olympic boxers of the United States
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Pittsburgh
American male boxers
Hashemabad-e Soltani (, also Romanized as Hāshemābād-e Solţānī) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
St. Joseph's Hospital () is a hospital in Raheny, on the Northside of Dublin in Ireland. It is used as a rehabilitation hospital for patients of the Beaumont Hospital in Dublin.
History
The hospital was founded in Edenmore House in Raheny by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Chambéry as St. Joseph's Nursing Home in 1958. It operated as a private hospital until 2001 when it was acquired by the Health Service Executive. It was then transferred to the management of the Beaumont Hospital in 2004. The Beaumont Hospital established a new 14-bed rehabilitation centre at St. Joseph's Hospital in March 2005 a community nursing unit was completed there in 2010 and a care for the elderly unit was officially opened there by the Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, in July 2014.
Notes
References
Hospitals in Dublin (city)
Raheny
Hospitals established in 1958
Health Service Executive hospitals
Catholic hospitals in Europe
1958 establishments in Ireland
Sergey Adonyev (; born 28 January 1961 in Lviv, Soviet Union), is a Russian business person and philanthropist.
Education
Adonyev graduated from Leningrad Polytechnic Institute, where they also taught Structural Resistance in 1985-1989.
Early business activities
JFC
In 1994, together with Oleg Boyko and Vladimir Kekhman, Adonyev founded Olbi-Jazz, a fruit importing company. In 1996, Adonyev founded a new company, Joint Food Company (JFC), which became the leading fruit importing company in Russia. In 2001, Adonyev sold their shares in the company.
Main business activities
Telecom
In 2006, Adonyev founded Telconet Capital fund, which became the main shareholder of the telecommunication operator Skartel – trademark Yota. Yota reached operational profit within the first five months and became the first provider launching mobile wimax (4G) in Russia. In 2008, 25% of the company was acquired by Rostec. In 2012, Yota was the first company in Russia to launch LTE.
In 2011, Yota's division that developed high-technology mobile internet devices became Yota Devices, which developed the YotaPhone. Yota Devices subsequently separated from Yota.
In 2013, Telconet Capital fund sold its shares in Skartel to Garsdale Services – a telecommunication holding, controlled by Alisher Usmanov. The estimated value of the transaction is US$1.33 billion.
Real estate and agro-business
In 2013, together with business person Sergey Rukin, Adonyev established Technologies of Greenhouse Growth – a St Petersburg company. The company united two existing greenhouse plants in Moscow and Tumen regions, as well as a trading house, TTR Trade. It sold its products under the brand ‘ROST' in the main retailers throughout Russia (including Metro, Paytyerochka, Diksi, Magnit, Lenta). More than US$100 million was invested into this project. At the beginning of 2017, Rukin bought out Adonyev's share in this business.
In 2017, Adonyev was ranked 124th in the Forbes list with a net worth of US$800 million. but according to them in an interview sold their food company for $6.2 billion taking 50% worth 3.1 billion obviously also adding on the telecommunications world with a now f1 company yota
Fraud convinction
In 1998, Adonyev was convicted of defrauding the Kazakh government of $4 million through false sales of Cuban sugar, and sentenced to 30 months in jail. They were deported to Russia in 1999.
Philanthropy
Adonyev supports many cultural and social projects, the most significant of which include the following:
Arts
Stanislavsky Electrotheatre
Stanislavsky Electrotheatre opened in 2015 after a full reconstruction and artistic restructuring under the supervision of the theatre director, theoretician, and educator – Boris Yukhananov. Romeo Castellucci, Heiner Goebels, Konstantin Bogomolov, Philipp Grigoryan, Katy Mitchell, Teodor Currentzis, Theodoros Terzopoulos, Dmitri Kurlyandksiy – are among the artists who have collaborated with the theatre.
MusicAeterna choir
The choir is under the supervision of renowned conductor, Teodor Currentzis. MusicAeterna was the first Russian orchestra opening the Salzburg Festival.
DAU
DAU is a large scale international film project by Ilya Khrzhanovsky. It is a significant collaboration between Russia and Europe, supported by international film funds and production companies (Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg, Mitteldeutsche Medienförderung, Arte France Cinema, WDR/Arte Essential Filmproduktion, Eurimage, The Swedish Film Institute, and others). Teodor Currentzis, Marina Abramovich, Carsten Hoeller, Romeo Castellucci, Vladimir Martynov, Leonid Fedorov, Boris Mikhailov, Robert Del Naja, Brian Eno, Anatoliy Vassiliev, Nobel Prize winner David Gross, Fields Medal winner Shing-Tung Yau – are among the artists and scientists who participated in the DAU project. The premiere is planned for the fall of 2018.
Education
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design
Strelka Institute is a non-profit international educational project, founded in 2009 and located in Moscow. Adonyev co-founded the Strelka Institute with Alexander Mamut, and co-financed it between 2009-2014.
Merab Mamardashvili Foundation
The Foundation is aimed at studying and publishing the heritage of the outstanding Soviet philosopher and phenomenologist, Merab Mamardashvili.
Salomon Maimon Heritage Foundation
The Foundation is aimed at studying and publishing the life and works of Salomon Maimon, a Lithuanian-German self-taught philosopher of Jewish descent from the 17th century.
Charity
Charitable Foundation Ostrova
The charity offers help to people suffering from cystic fibrosis in Russia.
In 2016, Adonyev received Philanthropist of the Year award. The award was established by the Ministry of Culture of Russia and is awarded to significant philanthropists for their support and financial aid to projects aimed at preservation of Russian cultural heritage.
References
1961 births
Living people
Russian businesspeople
People from Lviv
The Shanghai History Museum (), or Shanghai Revolution History Museum, is a museum dedicated to the history of the city of Shanghai, China.
The museum's collections focus on the approximately a hundred years in the history of Shanghai from the opening of the port in 1843 to the communist take-over in 1949.
The museum's oldest relics are from 6,000 years ago. It features a cannon used in the first Opium War, a sedan chair, and two bronze lions that used to adorn the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation on the Bund. Other exhibits reveal the history of art, culture and industrialization in Shanghai. The neo-classical Shanghai Race Club building (1934) that houses the museum, has an imposing 10-storey tall tower which was long a landmark of central Shanghai.
History
The Shanghai History Museum was established in 1983 as the "Shanghai History and Artefacts Exhibition Hall". It first opened to the public on May 27, 1984, on the premises of the Shanghai Agriculture Exhibition. The museum was moved to a new location (1286 Hong Qiao Road) and renamed to the "Shanghai History Museum" in 1991. The main museum was closed due to land redevelopment in 1999, but "temporary" exhibitions of the museum's holdings continue to be mounted elsewhere. Since May 2001, the museum has maintained an exhibition room at the base of the Oriental Pearl Tower in Lujiazui, called the "Shanghai History and Development Exhibition", with select items from the museum's collection. The museum was reopened in its full and extended size in 2018 at the club house of the former Shanghai Race Club.
Collection
The collection of the Shanghai History Museum contains more than 30,000 items. Of these, about 18,000 items pertain to the modern history of the city, a portion of these items found its way into the museum from the governors of the Foreign Concessions. Notable items in the collection include: Gu Embroidery of flowers, insects, and fish by the Ming-Dynasty "needle saint" Han Ximeng (韩希孟); a scroll by Hou Tongceng; the Golden Sutras of the Qibao Temple; a bronze cannon called "General Zhen Yuan" that once belonged to Chen Huacheng (1776–1842), a Qing Dynasty general responsible for Shanghai's defenses during the First Opium War; a "big hua qian" coin issued by the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom; a pair of bronze lions from the entrance of the former HSBC Building; and boundary markers from the French Concession and the Shanghai International Settlement (1893).
Location
The Shanghai History Museum's latest and permanent home since 2018 is the former Shanghai Race Club club house, which had been empty for several years after the Shanghai Art Museum moved out in 2012. After moving in, about four-fifths of the collection is on public display for the first time.
The museum didn't have a permanent location before. There have been repeated calls to build a new building for the museum for many years, but commercial considerations (as the exhibition room at the basement of the Oriental Pearl Tower contributed to the commercial success of the tower as a tourist attraction) and budgetary constraints prevented this from occurring for several years. Other parts of the collection had been on loan to specialist museums within Shanghai.
See also
Shanghai Museum
References
Notes
Further reading
Kirk A. Denton, Exhibiting the Past: Historical Memory and the Politics of Museums in Postsocialist China (University of Hawaii Press, 2014), pp. 88–92.
External links
Official website
1983 establishments in China
Museums established in 1983
Museums in Shanghai
History museums in China
City museums
Royal Cruise Line was a Greek cruise line that operated from 1974 to 1996 and founded by Pericles Panagopulos. The line catered mainly to American passengers looking for an upscale cruise experience and sailed mainly worldwide routes.
History
Royal Cruise Line was founded in 1974 with its first ship the Golden Odyssey, the first purpose built Greek ship, with an entirely Greek crew. With success of the Golden Odyssey, the line purchased their second ship from Home Lines, the SS Doric, in 1982. The ship was completely refurbished and debuted as the Royal Odyssey. The line ordered its second new build, the Crown Odyssey, in 1986, delivered in 1988. The new ship would replace the Royal Odyssey, which would be sold to Regency Cruises.
Royal Cruise Line became very successful and renowned as a high standard cruise line. In 1989, owner Panagopulos unexpectedly decided to sell the highly successful and profitable line. Royal Cruise Line was acquired by Kloster Cruises, the parent company of Norwegian Cruise Line for 225 million, with Kloster's intent of gaining a foothold in the upscale European cruise market.
In 1991, Norwegian transferred the Royal Viking Sea from their subsidiary Royal Viking Line to Royal Cruise Line, and renamed it Royal Odyssey. In 1994, Norwegian transferred their sister ship, which was had been sailing as the Westward, to Royal Cruise Line after a 30 million dollar refit and renamed it Star Odyssey. The same year, the line would sell its first ship the Golden Odyssey.
In 1995, the Royal Cruise Line's fleet received a new addition with the Queen Odyssey, another ship that was transferred from the now former Royal Viking brand.
In 1996, parent company Kloster Cruises, was continuing to have financial difficulties, and was forced to reorganize. The Royal Cruise Line brand was dissolved that year after 22 years in business. The fleet was transferred or sold, with the Crown Odyssey and Royal Odyssey transferred to the Norwegian Cruise Line fleet to become the Norwegian Crown and Norwegian Star; the Queen Odyssey sold to Seabourn Cruise Line to become Seabourn Legend; and the final ship to leave the fleet, the Star Odyssey, which went to Fred Olsen Cruise Line to become the Black Watch.
Fleet
References
Defunct cruise lines
Shipping companies of Greece
Schmitten () is a municipality in the Albula Region in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
History
Schmitten is first mentioned in 1447 as Schmiten.
Geography
Schmitten has an area, , of . Of this area, 25.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 57.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (16.2%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Belfort sub-district of the Albula District, after 2017 it was part of the Albula Region. It consists of the linear village of Schmitten which is located at an elevation of on the right side of the Albula valley.
Demographics
Schmitten has a population (as of ) of . , 10.5% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 1.6%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.7% male and 49.3% female. The age distribution, , in Schmitten is; 66 people or 10.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 46 people or 7.4% are 10 to 14, and 46 people or 7.4% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 74 people or 11.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 119 people or 19.2% are 30 to 39, 82 people or 13.2% are 40 to 49, and 73 people or 11.8% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 43 people or 6.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 47 people or 7.6% are 70 to 79, there are 21 people or 3.4% who are 80 to 89, and there are 3 people or 0.5% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 41.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (33.8%), the FDP (16.6%) and the SPS (7.6%).
In Schmitten about 75.9% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Schmitten has an unemployment rate of 0.63%. , there were 4 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 42 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 25 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance
The Schmittentobel and Landwasser Viaducts of the Rhaetian Railway are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Languages
In the 14th and 15th centuries, the area was settled from Davos. Therefore, the municipality is traditionally German-speaking. Despite the neighboring Romansh-speaking villages, the percentage of Romansch speakers in Schmitten has always been well under 10%. (), most of the population speaks German (94.2%), with Portuguese being second most common ( 2.1%) and Romansh being third ( 1.2%).
References
Municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Zero-Degree Turn or Zero Degree Latitude ( Madâr-e sefr darajeh) is a 2007 television series, made through the cooperation of Iran, Hungary, France, and Lebanon. The program was one of the most expensive and elaborate ever produced by Iran and attracted a large audience there. It is inspired by a real-life story about Iranian diplomat Abdol Hossein Sardari, who saved Jews in the 1940s Paris during the Nazi Occupation by giving out Iranian passports and allowing them refuge in the Iranian Embassy. Although it has been noted that neither character names nor the story are close to Sardari's story.
Plot
Set in the time of the Second World War, Madare Sefr Darajeh follows the life of an Iranian student named Habib Parsa (Shahab Hosseini) who travels to Paris to study. There Habib meets a French Jewish woman named Sara Astrok, a student at the same university. At first antagonistic toward one another, Habib and Sarah eventually fall in love. They run into many problems, including persecution by the Nazis and by Sarah's Zionist uncle, but are united in the end.
Cast
Shahab Hosseini - Habib Parsa
Nathalie Matti - Sara Astrok
Roya Taymourian - Asieh
Masoud Rayegan - Mohammadhoseyn Parsa
Pierre Dagher - Behruz fattahi
Layazangane - ziant-ol-molok
Ateneh-faghih-nasiri - saide
Opinions
The government financed film has been widely cited as an effort by the government to demonstrate its positions in regards to the difference between Jews and Zionists, encompassing sympathy for the Jewish people (including an orthodox view of the Holocaust) while remaining hostile to Zionism.
The director of the series, Hassan Fathi, said about it, "I decided to produce this series in 2002, and in those days the Holocaust was not an issue. Even if one single Jew is killed in German camps, the world should be ashamed. By the same token, if a single Palestinian dies, the world should be ashamed. I sympathize with the Jewish victims of World War II, to the same extent with women and children victims of the war in Palestine."
The TV series won the praise and support of Iran's Jewish Association, an independent body that safeguards the community's culture and heritage. The association has criticized Mr. Ahmadinejad's comments about the Holocaust but has praised Mr. Fatthi's show.
DVD release
The series was retitled Zero Point Orbit for its 2007 release by Bita Film, Tarzana, California. The Persian title is unchanged. The DVDs include neither English nor Persian subtitles.
English dub
The series has an English dub that was recorded in Hong Kong by Red Angel Media.
References
External links
Official site
Iran Holocaust drama is a big hit – BBC News – Friday, 30 November 2007
Iranian television series
Holocaust films
2000s Iranian television series
2007 Iranian television series debuts
2007 Iranian television series endings
Presidential elections were held in Cyprus on 7 February 1993, with a second round on 14 February. The result was a victory for Glafcos Clerides of the Democratic Rally after they finished as runner-up behind George Vassiliou of the AKEL in the first round, a reverse of the 1988 elections. Voter turnout was 92.4% in the first round and 93.3% in the second.
Results
References
1993 in Cyprus
Cyprus
Presidential elections in Cyprus
February 1993 events in Europe
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 103 (P. Oxy. 103 or P. Oxy. I 103) is a lease of some land, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written on 13 October 316. Currently it is housed in the British Museum (767) in London.
Description
The document is a contract to lease one aroura of land near the village of Isionpanga. The owner of the land was Aurelius Themistocles, gymnasiarch and prytanis of Oxyrhynchus. The lessees were Aurelius Leonidas and Aurelius Dioscorus. The land was to be sown with flax and the crop to be equally divided between landlord and tenant. The dating in this document by the years of the Roman emperors is important, as it places the elevation of Licinius after 28 August 308. Some ancient historians had placed their elevation in 307, and this document provides evidence that 308 is in fact the correct year. The measurements of the fragment are 260 by 160 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 102
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 104
References
103
4th-century manuscripts
Ancient Greek and Roman objects in the British Museum
Don't You Rise is an EP released in 2009 by New Zealand band The Bats.
Track listing
Personnel
Malcolm Grant - drums
Paul Kean - bass, vocals
Robert Scott - guitar, lead vocals
Kaye Woodward - guitar, vocals
References
2009 EPs
The Bats (New Zealand band) albums
Dunedin Sound albums
was the 4th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Shinano-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Shigekatsu was the eldest son of Mizoguchi Nobunao. They were received in formal audience by Shogun Tokugawa Iemitsu in 1640 and became daimyō in 1672 on the retirement of their father. In 1681 they were ordered to take possession of Takada Castle after the dispossession of Matsudaira Mitsunaga from Takada Domain, and in 1699 was ordered to oversee the construction of a new moat for Edo Castle in the Azabu area of the city. During their tenure at Shibata, Shigekatsu was noted as a patron of the arts, especially that of the Japanese tea ceremony. They completed the Shimizu-en gardens begun by their father.
They retired in 1706 and died in Edo in 1709. Their grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Shigekatsu was married to a daughter of Matsudaira Masatsuna of Tamanawa Domain, and after their death remarried to a daughter of Sakai Tadakatsu of Obama Domain. They had 4 sons and 7 daughters.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1633 births
1708 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
The Battle of Heliopolis was an engagement that pitted the French Armée d'Orient under General Kléber against a British-supported Ottoman army at Heliopolis on 20 March 1800.
Background
Kléber engaged in negotiations with both the British and Ottomans, with the aim of honourably evacuating the remains of the French force from Egypt to take part in operations in Europe. An accord (the Convention of El Arish) was concluded on 23 January 1800 allowing such a return to France, but it proved impossible to apply due to internal dissensions among the British and the dithering of the Sultan, and so the conflict in Egypt restarted.
Kléber was betrayed by the British Admiral Keith, who did not respect the El Arich convention. They therefore restarted hostilities, for they refused to surrender. The British and the Ottomans believed the armée d'Orient was now too weak to resist them, and so Yussuf Pasha ordered Nassif Pasha to march on Cairo, where the local population obeyed their call to revolt against French rule.
Battle
The French advanced to Mataria, where they arrived on the morning of March 20 at 3 p.m. The French organized themselves into four square formations. The corners of the squares had artillery and grenadiers. The left wing of the French was commanded by General Jean Reynier, with their division including the Joseph Lagrange and Antoine Joseph Robin brigades, and the right wing by General Louis Friant, with their division made up by the Augustin Daniel Belliard and François-Xavier Donzelot brigades. Kleber called on Murad Bey to support their right wing with their Mamluk cavalry, as well. They mustered their Mamluks but deserted the French flank before the battle and did not participate in the fighting. Kléber commanded the center of the forces, in which Pierre Leclerc d'Ostein led the French light cavalry in the center of the forces.
Reynier's left wing struck directly against Mataria's Janissaries as Friant cut off their retreat route. The French cavalry, in turn, clashed with the Ottoman cavalry. In addition to the Turks, the Ottoman side had Mamluk cavalry. The Janissaries were defeated relatively quickly and the French began to move towards the main Ottoman forces in the direction of Heliopolis. In Heliopolis, the Ottomans were led by Nassif Pasha. The Ottomans launched an attack on the French, which proved disorganized. The attack caught fire with the French cannon fire and turned into an uncontrollable retreat. Eventually, the French also reached the Ottoman camp. The Ottoman army fled to Syria.
Consequences
The losses of the French in the battle of Heliopolis remained very small. There were only about 600 French casualties. There were about 8,000 casualties on the Ottoman side. Kléber had managed to save the seemingly desperate situation, at least for the time being. They were also able to quell the uprising that erupted in Cairo. The position of the French was further strengthened with Kléber's recruitment of local auxiliaries and their alliance with their former enemy Murad Bey. However, Kléber was assassinated later that year and their successor, Jacques-François Menou, was considered a much weaker leader.
Gallery
Notes
References
Alexandre Tchoudinov, La bataille d'Héliopolis, ou la victoire oubliée in Napoleonica, Fondation Napoléon, n 3, 2015, pp. 5–47.
External links
1800 in Egypt
Battles involving the Ottoman Empire
Battles involving France
Battles of the French Revolutionary Wars
Conflicts in 1800
French campaign in Egypt and Syria
Battles inscribed on the Arc de Triomphe
Wilkinson Creek may refer to:
Streams
Wilkinson Creek (Lake County, California), a tributary to St. Helena Creek
Wilkinson Creek (Modoc County, California), a tributary to Pawley Creek
Wilkinson Creek (Okaloosa County, Florida), a tributary to Pitts River
Wilkinson Creek (Antrim County, Michigan), a tributary to the Torch River via Torch Lake
Wilkinson Creek (Polk County, Missouri), a tributary to Ingalls Creek
Wilkinson Creek (Chatham County, North Carolina), a tributary to the Haw River
Wilkinson Creek (Lincoln County, North Carolina), a tributary to Wingate Creek
Wilkinson Creek (Robeson County, North Carolina), a tributary to Shoe Heel Creek
Wilkinson Creek (Benton County, Oregon), a tributary to Lobster Creek
Wilkinson Creek (Lincoln County, Wyoming), a tributary to Hams Fork
The 2021 Categoría Primera A season (officially known as the 2021 Liga BetPlay Dimayor season for sponsorship reasons) was the 74th season of the Categoría Primera A, Colombia's top-flight football league. The season began on 16 January and ended on 22 December 2021. América de Cali entered the season as defending champions having won back-to-back titles in the 2019 Finalización and 2020 tournaments.
The Torneo Apertura was won by Deportes Tolima, who claimed their third league title on 20 June after beating Millonarios by a 2–1 score in the second leg of the finals and a 3–2 score on aggregate, whilst the Torneo Finalización was won by Deportivo Cali, who beat the defending champions Deportes Tolima by a 3–2 aggregate score in the finals to claim their tenth league title.
Format
The competition format for this season was approved by the General Assembly of DIMAYOR on 17 December 2020:
Two tournaments with three stages each were played in the season. The Torneo Apertura was contested by 19 teams, while the Torneo Finalización was played by 20 teams.
The first stage of both tournaments was contested on a single round-robin basis, with each team playing the other teams once for a total of 18 or 19 games. The additional match against a regional rival would not be played in this season. The top eight teams after the 19 rounds of each tournament qualified for the next stage.
The second stage of each tournament had a knockout round contested by the top eight teams at the end of the first stage, with the top four teams being seeded for the quarter-finals and paired against a rival decided by draw. The quarter-finals were played under a format of double-legged series with the winners advancing to the semi-finals, which were also played over two legs.
The finals in both tournaments were contested by the winners of each semi-final tie, playing a double-legged series for the championship.
One team was relegated to Categoría Primera B at the end of the Torneo Apertura, being replaced in the Torneo Finalización by two teams promoted from the Primera B in order to return to 20 teams for the second half of the year. This was due to the decision of DIMAYOR's General Assembly to postpone relegation from the 2020 season to the end of the first semester of 2021, in order to ensure teams could be able to play the same amount of matches as originally scheduled before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the temporary suspension of the previous season. At the end of the Torneo Finalización and the season, two teams were relegated to the second tier.
On 12 July 2021, DIMAYOR announced changes to the format of the Torneo Finalización, including the extra match against a regional rival for a total of 20 first stage games and replacing the knockout stage for a semi-final stage in which the eight qualified teams were split into two groups of four where they will play each other team in their group twice. The group winners advanced to the double-legged final series.
Teams
21 teams took part in the season, 19 of them returning from last season plus Atlético Huila and Deportes Quindío, who were promoted from the 2021 Primera B. Cúcuta Deportivo, who also competed in the top flight in 2020, did not take part in the competition this season as they entered liquidation, were forced to forfeit their final two games of the previous tournament, and were ultimately disaffiliated from DIMAYOR on 25 November 2020.
Stadia and locations
The following two teams competed in the 2021 Finalización tournament, replacing Boyacá Chicó who were relegated to Primera B at the end of the Apertura tournament:
Managerial changes
Notes
Torneo Apertura
First stage
Standings
Results
Knockout stage
Bracket
Quarter-finals
|}
First leg
Second leg
Semi-finals
|}
First leg
Second leg
Finals
Deportes Tolima won 3–2 on aggregate.
Top scorers
Source: Soccerway
Relegation
A separate table is kept to determine the teams that are relegated to the Categoría Primera B for the next season. This table is elaborated from a sum of all first stage games played for the current season and the previous two seasons (six tournaments). For purposes of elaborating the table, promoted teams are given the same point and goal tallies as the team in the 18th position at the start of the season.
Due to the postponement of promotion and relegation from the previous season to the end of the first semester of 2021 and the disaffiliation of Cúcuta Deportivo, one team was relegated to Primera B at the end of the Torneo Apertura.
Source: DimayorRules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored; 4th away goals scored.
Torneo Finalización
First stage
Standings
Results
Semi-finals
The eight teams that advanced to the semi-finals were drawn into two groups of four teams, with the top two teams of the first stage being seeded in each group. The group winners advanced to the finals.
Group A
Group B
Finals
Deportivo Cali won 3–2 on aggregate.
Top scorers
{| class="wikitable" border="1"
|-
! Rank
! Name
! Club
! Goals
|-
| align=center | 1
| Harold Preciado
|Deportivo Cali
| align=center | 13
|-
| align=center | 2
| Fernando Uribe
|Millonarios
| align=center | 12
|-
| align=center | 3
| Jefferson Duque
|Atlético Nacional
| align=center | 10
|-
| align=center | 4
| Bayron Garcés
|Alianza Petrolera
| align=center | 9
|-
| rowspan=3 align=center | 5
| Juan Fernando Caicedo
|Deportes Tolima
| rowspan=3 align=center | 7
|-
| Luis González
|Junior
|-
| Adrián Ramos
|América de Cali
|-
| rowspan=8 align=center | 8
| Larry Angulo
|América de Cali
| rowspan=8 align=center | 6
|-
| Edwuin Cetré
|Junior
|-
| Wilfrido de La Rosa
|Deportivo Pereira
|-
| Teófilo Gutiérrez
|Deportivo Cali
|-
| Pablo Lima
|La Equidad
|-
| Juan David Pérez
|Once Caldas
|-
| Gustavo Ramírez
|Deportes Tolima
|-
| Andrés Rentería
|Jaguares
|}
Source: Soccerway
Relegation
The bottom two teams of the relegation table were relegated to Categoría Primera B for the 2022 season at the end of the Torneo Finalización, with this table taking into consideration the six most recent tournaments (2018–II, 2019–I, 2019–II, 2020, 2021–I and 2021–II). For purposes of elaborating the table, Atlético Huila and Deportes Quindío, who were promoted from Primera B at the end of the first half of the season, were given the same point and goal tallies as the team in the 18th position at the start of the Finalización tournament (Deportivo Pereira).
Source: DimayorRules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored; 4th away goals scored.
Aggregate table
The aggregate table includes the results of teams in all stages in the Torneo Apertura and Torneo Finalización, and awards one berth to the Copa Libertadores and three berths to the Copa Sudamericana. As an exceptional measure for this season, and due to promotion and relegation being implemented halfway into the season, the two teams promoted for the Torneo Finalización (Atlético Huila and Deportes Quindío) entered with the same matches, points, and goals as the team in 19th place in this table at the end of the Apertura tournament (Alianza Petrolera).
See also
2021 Categoría Primera B season
2021 Copa Colombia
References
External links
Dimayor's official website
Categoría Primera A season
1
Colombia
Hans Sixt or Sixtein or Sigstein from Staufen (von Staufen (c.1490 – c.1550) was a 16th-century German wood sculptor in the tradition of Hans Wydyz, remembered for their ornate altarpieces. Mid-20th century academics often (unhelpfully) refer to them simply as Staufen (his birthplace rather than their name).
Life
They lived in Staufen im Breisgau and worked nearby in Freiburg im Breisgau.
They appear to have trained under Tilman Riemenschneider, or their followers, in Würzburg. They then worked with under Hans Wydyz alongside Wydyz's sons, Hans Weiditz and Christoph Weiditz. They worked with Wydyz's partner, Hans Baldung, who painted Sixt's carvings.
Their signed works begin in 1515. Their most important work, the Locherer chapel in Freiburg Minster was begun in 1521 and completed in 1524.
From 1534 they supplanted Wydyz as the principal sculptor in the area.
They died around 1550 in Staufen.
Recognition
Sixtgasse in Staufen is named after him.
In 1937 the playwright Hermann Ays wrote the play "Sixt von Stoufen".
Main Works
The Locherer Altarpiece in Freiburg Minster (1521 to 1524)
Angels behind the Levite Chair in Freiburg Minster (1527)
Decoration of the organ, Freiburg Minster (1530)
St Vitus altarpiece at Wasenweiler
Monument to Heinrich Glarean in Freiburg Minster
Figures on the historic shop in Freiburg
In 1827 Johann Nepomuk Locherer commissioned Dominikus Glanz to alter the Locherer altarpiece including painting over the original paint scheme (probably by Hans Baldung in brown paint to better express the pure timber sculpture. This ill-advised change was partially reversed in a restoration of 1948.
References
German sculptors
Freiburg im Breisgau
Year of birth uncertain
Gamocarpha is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calyceraceae, native to the Andes of Chile and Argentina. It has been proposed to synonymize the genus Nastanthus within Gamocarpha.
Species
Currently accepted species include:
Gamocarpha alpina (Poepp. ex Less.) H.V.Hansen
Gamocarpha angustifolia Phil.
Gamocarpha dentata Phil.
Gamocarpha gilliesii Miers
Gamocarpha ligulata Miers
Gamocarpha polycephala Phil.
Gamocarpha selliana Reiche
References
Calyceraceae
Asterales genera
The Multinational CIMIC Group is a multinational civil-military co-operation unit of NATO, led and supported by the Italian Army. Based in Motta di Livenza in Veneto the unit consists of armed forces personnel from Italy, Greece, Hungary, Portugal, Romania and Slovenia. The unit is administratively assigned to the Italian army's Tactical Intelligence Brigade and affiliated with NATO's Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers in Europe and consists of a multinational headquarters, a multinational Command and Logistic Support Company, an Italian National Support Command, and CIMIC Battalion with personnel from the Italian Armed Forces.
Current structure
As of 2019 the Multinational CIMIC Group consists of:
Group Command, in Motta di Livenza
Multinational Command (Operational tasks)
National Support Command (Administrative tasks)
Multinational Command and Logistic Support Company
Garrison Support Unit
CIMIC Battalion
1st CIMIC Company
2nd CIMIC Company
3rd CIMIC Company
4th CIMIC Company
5th CIMIC Company
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Material Platoon, Medical Platoon, and Commissariat Platoon.
External links
Multinational CIMIC Group Website
Italian Army Website: Multinational CIMIC Group
References
Engineer Regiments of Italy
Military units and formations of NATO
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 102 (P. Oxy. 102 or P. Oxy. I 102) is a lease of land, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written 13 October 306. Currently it is housed in the British Museum (766) in London.
Description
The document is a lease of 9 arourae of land, near the village of Sestoplelo in the middle toparchy. The land was owned by Aurelia Antiochia and leased to Aurelius Dioscorus for one year. The land was to be sown with flax. The rent was 1 talent and 3500 drachmae for the year. Although the papyrus was written on 6 October 306, it mentions the fifteenth year of the reign of Constantius I, which they did not attain, having died in July of that year. Grenfell and Hunt speculate that the scribe was unaware of the emperor's death. The measurements of the fragment are 250 by 140 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 101
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 103
References
102
4th-century manuscripts
Ancient Greek and Roman objects in the British Museum
Jorge Coste (born 28 January 1959) is a Mexican water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Mexican male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Mexico
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
World Communion Sunday is a celebration observed by several Christian denominations, taking place on the first Sunday of every October, that promotes Christian unity and ecumenical cooperation. It focuses on an observance of the eucharist. The tradition was begun in 1933 by Hugh Thomson Kerr who ministered in the Shadyside Presbyterian Church. According to Presbyterian Outlook:
It was then adopted throughout the US Presbyterian Church in 1936 and subsequently spread to other denominations. In 1940, the Federal Council of Churches (now the National Council of Churches), led by Jesse Moren Bader, endorsed World Communion Sunday and began to promote it to Christian churches worldwide.
See also
Awareness Sunday
References
Christian ecumenism
Christian Sunday observances
Eucharist
Holidays and observances by scheduling (nth weekday of the month)
October observances
Nicolae Dașcovici (born February 13, 1888, Calafat – d. February 22, 1969, Bucharest) was a jurist, politician, historian, university professor, Romanian diplomat and Romanian publicist, corresponding member (from 1948) of the Romanian Academy.
Dașcovici was a member of several Romanian and international scientific societies: Romanian Social Institute, Romanian Naval League, The Econometric Society (Colorado Springs), Royal Economic Society (London), Permanent Office of International Legal Documentation (The Hague). Corresponding member of the Romanian Academy (June 1, 1948). Decorated with the Romanian Star with swords and the War Cross with the "Mărășești" bar.
References
1888 births
1969 deaths
People from Calafat
20th-century Romanian historians
Romanian jurists
Romanian opinion journalists
Corresponding members of the Romanian Academy
University of Bucharest alumni
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University faculty
Karuri is a town in Kiambu County. The town hosts a town council.
The Council borders the city of Nairobi to the south for about 20 km from Nairobi City, Kikuyu Town Council to the west, Limuru Municipal Council to the north and Kiambu Municipal Council to the east. It covers an area of 46 km2. with a population of 194,342 (2019 census).
The council's main town, Karuri, was established as a meeting centre in the pre-colonial era where Kikuyu paramount chiefs would meet for deliberations. The town derives its name from the principal chief Karuri Wa Gakure who would travel from Tuthu in the slopes of Aberdare Range to meet their counterparts like Kinyanjui Gathirimu.
Economy
Proximity to the city of Nairobi and adequate transportation has attracted many people working in Nairobi and other neighbouring towns to the few urban centres within the town council in search of cheaper accommodation. In many circles, the Council has always been referred to as the "Dormitories" of Nairobi.
The town serves as the divisional headquarters for Kiambaa division, thereby boosting its growth. It was made an urban council in 1988 under Kiambu County Council with an area of 44.8 km2. The town council was upgraded into a township in 1997 with an area of 46 km2.
Geography
The council falls in the Hinterland, which has fertile soils that are well drained. The council enjoys good climatic conditions as do most areas in Kenya's central region. The council lies in the east highlands of the Rift Valley, enjoying moderate climate, and within a coffee-growing zone, although bordering a tea-growing zone.
Hills, plateaus and high-level structural plains that make it fairly easy for the development of road network characterize Karuri Town Council. The area does not have major rivers. The altitude ranges between 1500 and 1800 metres above sea level.
The soils are developed on undifferentiated tertiary volcanic and basic igneous rocks. They are well-drained, shallow, dark reddish brown though in some places they are imperfectly drained, very deep, dark gray to black, with calcareous, slightly saline deep sub-soil. They are of moderately high fertility. The crops that are grown are coffee, maize, horticultural crops, fruits and dairy farming.
Other physical features include steep slopes and valleys that are unsuitable for cultivation.
Rainfall regime around Karuri is bimodal, with long rains occurring between April and May while short rains fall from October to November. The average temperature, which is determined by altitude range from 20.4 degrees in the upper highland to 34 degrees in the lower midland.
Administration
The council consists of four electoral wards:
Kiambaa Ward
Muchatha Ward
Kihara / Gachie Ward
Ndenderu / Ruaka Ward
The four wards elect one councillor each. The total number of councillors is six with one nominated councilor and an appointed public officer. All these wards are part of the Kiambaa Constituency.
Demographics
According to the 1979 census the area had a population of 45,000. In the 1989 census the population had grown to 73,000, and 105,506 in the 1999 census. The population has been growing tremendously as a result of the influx of working-class people from Nairobi coming to look for cheaper and convenient accommodation in this township. Many people working in Nairobi reside in the periphery towns like Gachie, Kihara, Ruaka, Ndenderu and Karuri. Market centres attract people because they offer business and employment opportunities.
The population growth rate around Karuri stands at 2.87%. The same growth rate has been used to compute the population projection of this council.
Population analysis per the LADP 2001 shows that women are more numerous than men, hence a high reproductive capacity. People aged between 0-44 comprise 83.6% of the total population. The population in this category is very needy in terms of social amenities, services and related infrastructure. This is the same population which contributes to the council's revenue; thus the council is embarking on investing adequately in terms of service provision.
References
Kiambu County
Gerber (; ) is a surname that is of Ashkenazi Jewish, German, or Swiss origin, depending on the family. Notable people with the surname include:
Aisha Gerber, (born 1999), Canadian artistic gymnast
Bob Gerber (1916–2002), American basketball player
Christoph Gerber, Swiss physicist
Craig Gerber (creator), invented two Disney animated shows
Craig Stuart Gerber, baseballer
Danie Gerber (born 1958), South African rugby player
Daniel Frank Gerber (1898–1974) founder of the Gerber Products Company
Ernst Ludwig Gerber (1746–1819), composer and author
Eugene John Gerber (1931-2018), American Roman Catholic bishop
Fred Gerber, American film and television director and producer
Heiko Gerber (born 1972), German football player
Heinrich Gerber (architect), (1831–1920), German architect
Heinrich Gerber (civil engineer) (1832-1912), German civil engineer
Joel Gerber (1940-2022), American judge
John Gerber (disambiguation)
Joseph Gerber (1924–1996), founder of Gerber Scientific
Kaia Gerber (born 2001), American model and actor
Leah Gerber, American conservation scientist
Magda Gerber, pioneer in infant care
Martin Gerber (born 1974), Swiss ice hockey player
Michael Gerber (disambiguation)
Mikaela Gerber, Canadian artistic gymnast and UCLA Bruin
Niklaus Gerber (1850-1914), Swiss dairy chemist and industrialist
Nina Gerber, American guitarist
Paul Gerber (1854-1909), German physicist
Peter Gerber (disambiguation)
Rande Gerber (born 1962), model and business person, father of Kaia
Rayno Gerber (born 1981), South African rugby footballer
Sally Gerber, daughter of Daniel
Simon Gerber, Swiss musician
Steve Gerber (1947-2008), comic book writer, co-creator of Howard the Duck
See also
Gerber (disambiguation)
Gerbert (disambiguation)
German-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Sheila Levrant de Bretteville (born 1940) is an American graphic designer, artist and educator whose work reflects their belief in the importance of feminist principles and user participation in graphic design. In 1990 they became the director of the Yale University Graduate Program in Graphic Design and the first woman to receive tenure at the Yale University School of Art. In 2010 they were named the Caroline M. Street Professor of Graphic Design.
Early life and education
Sheila Levrant de Bretteville was born in 1940 in Brooklyn, New York. They graduated from Abraham Lincoln High School in 1959. At Lincoln, they studied under Leon Friend who first exposed them to modern graphic design and the social responsibility of designers.
De Bretteville holds degrees from Barnard College and Yale University and has been awarded Honorary Doctorates from the California Institute of the Arts (CalArts), the Moore College of Art and California College of the Arts.
Career
In 1971, de Bretteville founded the first design program for women at the California Institute of the Arts, and two years later co-founded the Woman's Building, a public center in Los Angeles dedicated to women's education and culture. In 1973, de Bretteville founded the Women's Graphic Center and co-founded the Feminist Studio Workshop (along with Judy Chicago and Arlene Raven), both based at the Woman's Building.
They designed a necklace of an eye bolt on a chain, meant to represent "strength without a fist" as well as the biological symbol of women; they gave the first of these to Arlene Raven and Judy Chicago when they started the Feminist Studio Workshop in 1972. Since then they have given them to other women with whom they share a vision of the creation of women's culture. Members of the Feminist Studio Workshop of 1978–79 also made 500 of these necklaces to celebrate the 5th anniversary of the Woman's Building in Los Angeles. The feminist art group Sisters of Jam (Mikaela & Moa Krestesen) turned the necklace into a mobile monument; they see the eye bolt "as a symbol for the work already done but also as an encouragement for the work that is not yet completed." Sisters of Jam also did the installation "Hello Sheila", which features an eye bolt on a chain, at the Survival Kit Festival in Umeå in 2014.
In 1980 de Bretteville initiated the communication design program at the Otis College of Art and Design.
De Bretteville has had a lifelong interest in communal forms of art, which they believed were an essential component of the Feminist art movement in the United States. In 1973, they created "Pink," a broadside meant to explore the notions of gender as associated with the color pink, for an American Institute of Graphic Arts exhibition about color. This was the only entry about the color pink. Various women including many in the Feminist Studio Workshop submitted entries exploring their association with the color. De Bretteville arranged the squares of paper to form a “quilt” from which posters were printed and disseminated throughout Los Angeles. They were referred to by the nickname "Pinky" as a result.
De Bretteville has worked extensively in the field of public art creating works embedded within city neighborhoods. One of their best-known pieces is "Biddy Mason's Place: A Passage of Time,” an 82-foot concrete wall with embedded objects in downtown Los Angeles that tells the story of Biddy Mason, a former slave who became a midwife in Los Angeles and lived near the site. In “Path of Stars,” completed in 1994 in a New Haven neighborhood, de Bretteville documented the lives of local citizens—past and present—with 21 granite stars set in the sidewalk.
They were interviewed for the film !Women Art Revolution.
 They are a member of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences
Awards
They have been honored with many awards such as a 2009 “Grandmaster” award from the New York Art Directors Club and several awards from the American Institute of Graphic Arts, including a ”Design Legend Gold Medal” for 2004, “Best Public Artwork” recognition for 2005 from Americans for the Arts, and several honorary doctorates.
See also
First Things First 2000 manifesto, signed by de Bretteville (among others)
References
Bibliography
De Bretteville, Sheila Levrant. "More of the Young Men Are Feminists: An Interview with Shiela Levrant de Bretteville" In Women in Graphic Design 1890–2012, edited by Gerda Breuer and Julia Meer, p. 236-241. Berlin: Jovis, 2012.
Hale, Sondra, and Terry Wolverton (eds). From Site To Vision: The Woman's Building in Contemporary Culture. Los Angeles, CA: Ben Maltz Gallery, Otis College of Art and Design, 2011.
Redniss, L. "First Person: Three Styles." Print v. 58 no. 2 (March/April 2004) p. 56–61
Close, J. A. "Reconcilable Differences." ID (v. 48 no. 1 (January/February 2001) p. 58
Pou, A. "Exploding the Model: On Youth and Art." Public Art Review v. 9 no. 2 (Spring/Summer 1998) p. 4–11
Betsky, A., et al., "The I.D. Forty: An Insider's Guide to America's Leading Design Innovators." ID (New York, N.Y.) v. 40 (January/February 1993) p. 45–67
Brown, B. A. "Hope for the 90's" (What Feminist Art Movement Leaders Feel Today." Artweek v. 21 (February 8, 1990) p. 22-3
Brumfield, J. "Sheila Levrant de Bretteville (interview with Yale's new director of the graduate program on graphic design)." Graphis v. 47 (March/April 1991) p. 30-5
De Bretteville, Sheila Levrant. "Some aspects of design from the perspective of a woman designer." In Looking Closer 3: Classic Writings on Graphic Design, edited by Michael Bierut, et al., p. 238–245. New York: Allworth Press, 1999. Originally published in Icographic 6 (1973).
De Bretteville, Sheila Levrant, and John Brumfield. "Sheila Levrant de Bretteville." Graphis 47, no. 272 (March–April 1991): 30–5.
De Bretteville, Sheila Levrant, and Ellen Lupton. "Sheila Levrant de Bretteville." Eye 2, no. 8 (1993): 10–16.
De Forest, A. "Sheila Levrant de Bretteville (the Biddy Mason Wall, Los Angeles." ID (New York, N.Y.) v. 37 (May/June 1990) p. 24
Deneve, R. "A Feminist Option." Print 30, no. 3 (May–June 1976): 54–9, 88–90.
Wallis, B. "Public Art Marks Historic L.A. Site." Art in America v. 78 (June 1990) p. 207
Further reading
Video Interview with Sheila de Bretteville 1990
Video Interview with Sheila de Bretteville 2008
AIGA Medalist, Sheila de Bretteville
Emigre 51: First Things First, 1999.
“Good Design Is Feminist Design”: An Interview with Sheila de Bretteville
Artist's website
1940 births
Living people
AIGA medalists
American graphic designers
American women graphic designers
American typographers and type designers
Barnard College alumni
Feminist artists
Artists from Brooklyn
Yale School of Art alumni
20th-century American artists
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American artists
21st-century American women artists
Varsan (, also Romanized as Varsān) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 128, in 51 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Commersonia dasyphylla, commonly known as kerrawang, is a species of flowering plant of the family Malvaceae and is endemic to eastern continental Australia. It is a shrub with egg-shaped to lance-shaped with irregular edges and flowers in groups of up to 21, followed by hairy brown capsules.
Description
Kerrawang grows as a shrub reaching in height with its stems covered in fine hairs. The dark green leaves are prominently wrinkled, egg-shaped to lance-shaped, long and wide on a petiole long, and have toothed or lobed margins. The upper surface of the leaves is hairy and the lower surface is densely covered with white, star-shaped hairs. The flowers are arranged in groups of ten to twenty-one, each flower about in diameter. The sepals are long and wide, the petals pinkish or white and about half as long as the sepals. Flowering occurs from September to January and the flowers are followed by hairy brown capsules in diameter.
Commersonia dasyphylla is very similar to C. breviseta and C. rugosa and is difficult to distinguish without fruit, other than from the structure of the star-shaped flowers on the lower leaf surface.
Taxonomy
Commersonia dasyphylla was initially described in 1810 by Henry Cranke Andrews in their book The Botanist's Repository for New, and Rare Plants. It was then placed in the genus Rulingia by Robert Sweet in 1826 where it remained until its original name was restored in 2011. The genus name commemorates 18th-century French naturalist Philibert Commerson, while the species name is derived from Ancient Greek dasys "hairy" and phyllon "leaf", and refers to cottonlike hairs covering the leaves.
Range and ecology
The range is across eastern Australia from southeastern Queensland through New South Wales and into eastern Victoria, the preferred habitat is gullies in forested areas. Flies are the likely most common pollinators, and native bees, beetles, and diurnal moths may do so as well. The kerrawang is killed by bushfire and regenerates from seed.
Conservation status
In Victoria, the species is listed as "threatened" under the Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988 and "vulnerable" on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants in Victoria.
Uses
Its fibres were used for basket making by the local Cadigal people of Sydney. The kerrawang, an Australian shrub, should not be confused with the kurrajong, an Australian tree whose bark is used to make twine.
First cultivated in England in 1819 as Rulingia pannosa, the kerrawang is a fast-growing and ornamental shrub. It prefers semishaded areas with fair drainage and mildly acid soil. It seeds readily, and can be easily propagated from seed or cuttings.
References
External links
An image of the kerrawang among other plants at Australian-Insects.com
dasyphylla
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Taxa named by Henry Charles Andrews
Plants described in 1810
Sir Cyril Stanley Smith Fountain (born 26 October 1929) is a Bahamian judge and lawyer.
Early life and education
Fountain got their early education at the Quarry Mission School, the Western Junior and Senior Schools, Johnson's Private School, and then the Government High School, which they completed in 1947.
Following their graduation they had a brief athletic career as an opening batsman for the Western Sporting Club. They were also coached in swimming by Orville Turnquest, and under their tutelage went on to win the Prince George Dock–Fort Montagu marathon.
They went on to work at the Bahamas Telecommunications Department and other places before leaving the Bahamas to attend St. Benedict's College in Kansas (one of the predecessors of today's Benedictine College).
After their graduation in 1953, they returned to the Bahamas and eventually became a teacher, working in various places including the Abaco Islands and West End.
Fountain's legal education began with a fortuitous incident: they were talking with their friend Kendal Isaacs, the Solicitor-General of the Bahamas, when Isaacs asked them whether they were interested in becoming a lawyer. Isaacs referred Fountain to Leonard Knowles, by then already a noted attorney. After working with Knowles for a year, Fountain went on to read law at King's College London in 1959.
Legal career
Fountain was called to the English Bar in January 1963, and the Bahamas Bar the following month. They worked in private practice for the next decade, but then entered into politics.
They ran as the Free National Movement candidate for the Northern Long Island, Rum Cay, and San Salvador constituency in the 1972 general election, and was elected a Member of the Parliament of the Bahamas. They served until 1977.
They were named as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the Bahamas from October 1993 to June 1994, as a Senior Justice from July 1994 to December 1995, and as the Chief Justice from January 1995 to October 1996.
After stepping down as Chief Justice, Fountain moved to Grand Bahama and returned to private practice.
References
1929 births
Living people
Alumni of King's College London
Bahamian expatriates in the United States
Benedictine College alumni
Chief justices of the Bahamas
Members of the House of Assembly of the Bahamas
People from Nassau, Bahamas
People from West Grand Bahama
20th-century Bahamian lawyers
James Baily (born 1 February 1975) is a British former professional tennis player who won the boys' singles title at the 1993 Australian Open.
Biography
Born in Portsmouth, Baily is originally from Curbridge, a village in Hampshire.
At the 1993 Australian Open, a day before their 18th birthday, Baily defeated New Zealander Steven Downs in the boys' singles final. This made them the first British player in 28 years to win a junior grand slam title, since Gerald Battrick in 1965.
Bailey, who was coached by Steve Shaw, couldn't make the transition to professional tennis and appeared only in satellite tournaments, before retiring in 1994.
Junior Grand Slam finals
Singles: 1 (1 title)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
British male tennis players
English male tennis players
Tennis people from Hampshire
Australian Open (tennis) junior champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' singles
20th-century British people
21st-century British people
is a style of Japanese porcelain traditionally supposed to be from Kutani, now a part of Kaga, Ishikawa, in the former Kaga Province. It is divided into two phases: Ko-Kutani (old Kutani), from the 17th and early 18th centuries, and Saikō-Kutani from the revived production in the 19th century. The more prestigious Ko-Kutani wares are recognised by scholars to be a complex and much mis-represented group, very often not from Kutani at all.
Kutani ware, especially in the Ko-Kutani period, is marked by vivid dark colors that epitomize lavish aesthetics. It is theorized that the long, harsh and grey winters of the Hokuriku region led to a desire among people living there for ceramic ware to show strong and bold colours. The classical five colours style is known as gosai-de (五彩手) which includes green, blue, yellow, purple, and red. The designs are bold and normally depict landscapes, the beauty of nature, and people, and cover most of the surface of each piece.
In recognition of the modern understanding that much, if not most, of the Ko-Kutani production was around Arita, the wares are now sometimes grouped with Imari ware (perhaps as "Ko-Kutani type"), or the wider groupings of Arita ware or Hizen ware.
History
Ko-Kutani
The term kutani means "Nine Valleys". The first mention was in 1655 during the Meireki era. According to tradition, clays suitable for porcelain making were found in the Kutani mines of the Daishōji clan, a cadet branch of the Maida clan who ruled Daishōji Domain. Gotō Saijirō, a member of the Maeda clan, was sent by orders of Maeda Toshiharu, daimyō of Kaga Domain to Arita in Hizen Province to learn how to make porcelain. They set up a kiln in the village of Kutani. The daimyō of Kaga Domain became great patrons of Kutani. Porcelains from this early period are specifically called and are very rare.
Ko-Kutani enjoyed popularity for the next few decades after 1655. The styles of the old Kutani were Aote (青手), which used colours of deep green, yellow, dark blue and purple, and Iroe (色絵), which used colours of red, green, purple, dark blue, and yellow. Arita however also produced a number of vessels in the ko-Kutani style, as well as Kakiemon porcelain.
Production suddenly closed down in 1730. The reasons for this closure are debated. Theories put forward include that supplies of the pigments necessary for the glazing were difficult to find, or that there were financial difficulties. A memorial stone stele to Gotō was later erected near an old Kutani ware kiln in Kaga.
Saikō-Kutani
In 1804, or possibly 1807, production was re-established with the help of several kamamoto, or production potters. New overglaze painting techniques from various kamamoto were infused in the development of what became known as . In the 19th century the style shifted to a more red design called aka-e (赤絵), which features intricate designs. The gold technique is called kinran-de (金襴手), and the combination became aka-e kinran-de (赤絵 金襴手) Kutani.
One of the first important exhibitions abroad was in 1873 at the Vienna World Exposition, where kinran-de was exhibited. This helped spread its popularity and contributed to the growth of exports to Europe. The style of producing Kutani was named a traditional craft in 1975. There are now several hundred companies which produce Kutani ware.
Many artists today are located in Komatsu, Ishikawa and Terai. Well-known artists are Tatsuya Mitsui, Buzan Fukushima (who specialises in aka-e), Takayama Kazuo (b. 1947) and Akaji Ken (b. in 1938) who work in the traditional style, and Tojiro Kitade and Fujio Kitade who work in the modern movement. Tokuda Yasokichi III (1933–2009) was designated a Living National Treasure for their enamel work in ao-de ko-Kutani. Yoshida Minori (b. 1932) is a third generation master who specialises in the yūri-kinsai technique and was also designated a Living National Treasure. Asakura Isokichi II (1913–1998) was also renowned and received the Order of Culture in 1996.
Apart from traditional vessels such chawan, Kutani artists have branched out in recent times to produce items such as a sneaker made out of porcelain with lively colours and accessories such as USB flash drives.
Characteristics
Six different over-glazing techniques dominate the revised form of Kutani:
Mokubei style, influenced by Chinese ink painting techniques
Yoshidaya style, marked by the colours of green, yellow, purple and dark blue as the basis
Eiraku style, which is in contrast to the Yoshidaya style, with its simplistic coatings of gold on the first coat of red colour
Iidaya style, or the Hachirode, which breaks away from the conventional nature-themed Kutani style, with minute paintings of human figures on a red-gold aka-e kinran-de mix background
Shoza style, a blend of all four techniques of overglazing
In a normal production process the artisan receives a plain white ceramic piece. The artisan will paint a komon (小紋) fine pattern, which is also shown on kimono. The outlines are painted with zaffre, which consists of cobalt oxide. The vessel is then fired in the kiln, which turns the zaffre dark. It takes around seven hours to finish. The surface is then covered again in regular intervals. For the patterns and decoration, for example, the five colours called gosai-de made out of vitreous enamel are painted on the vessel with thick strokes, making the whole piece more three-dimensional in the end. The ratio used in each glaze determines the specific tones of the colours. The vessel is then fired again in the kiln at 800 Celsius. The chemical reaction due to the heat turns the pigment into the translucent colours desired by the artisan. The paint changes into a transparent glass and the fine komon design gives it depth.
Nowadays electric kilns are preferred since they reduce the margin of error.
Fine calligraphy
A unique feature of Kutani ware is the application of fine calligraphy called saiji (細字), which is miniature in size. The founder of this art is considered to be Oda Seizan (小田清山), who first pioneered this form in the early Meiji era. They wrote classical Chinese poems inside tea and sake cups with the thinnest brushes. By 1900 they also started writing in Japanese characters. Among their accomplishments were writing all the poems of the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu inside a Western-style cup three centimetres in diameter, and 500 waka poems of the Meiji Emperor inside a Japanese teacup. Their son-in-law Tamura Kinsei continued the craft and passed it on to their grandson Tamura Keisei 田村敬星 (b. 1949), who continues the art. They write the calligraphy also on the outside of vessels such as incense burners. In 2005, they were designated an Intangible Cultural Property by the Ishikawa Prefecture government.
Site of the Kutani kilns
The site of the original Kutani kilns is now an archaeological site, and was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1979. An excavation survey was conducted by the Ishikawa Prefecture Board of Education from 1955, and found two continuous-cell noborigama step kilns on the right bank of the Daishoji River. The first kiln consisted of a combustion chamber and a series of 13 burning chambers extending up a hillside, with a horizontal length of 33.4 meters from the lower combustion chamber to the flue at the upper end, and a height of 10.75 meters. The firing chamber consists of a sand bed with a back wall of bricks. The second kiln is located 15 meters south, and has a total length of 13.02 meters. Although on a smaller scale, the mouth and flue portions were well preserved. The site also contains a third “Yoshiyada style” kiln with a length of 16 meters, dating from the end of the Edo period. In addition to the kilns themselves, the site of a workshop for mixing pigments and a site for purification of clay materials, and a studio site have also been identified. Numerous shards of porcelain were recovered, indicating the predominance of white porcelain and celadon. Currently, the site is backfilled for preservation.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Ishikawa)
References
External links
Japan Kutani Shop
九谷焼 Kutaniyaki
Official homepage of Kutaniyaki Art Museum
Culture in Ishikawa Prefecture
Japanese porcelain
Kaga, Ishikawa
Historic Sites of Japan
The 1999–2000 season was Real Madrid C.F.'s 69th season in La Liga. This article lists all matches that the club played in the 1999–2000 season, and also shows statistics of the club's players.
Summary
This was the season that marked the start of the Vicente del Bosque era of trophy winning at the club, having taken over from John Toshack early in the campaign. The squad was also largely different from the previous squad, with the arrival of Steve McManaman (Liverpool) and Nicolas Anelka (Arsenal) from the English Premier League respectively, as well as local talents Míchel Salgado, and Iván Helguera, to support the budding young talent of Raúl, Iker Casillas, Fernando Morientes and Guti, as well as the older veterans such as Fernando Hierro and Roberto Carlos.
Players
Squad
Transfers
In
Total spending: €95,700,000
Out
Total income: €0 million
Competitions
Overall
Friendlies
La Liga
Results summary
League table
Results by round
Matches
Copa del Rey
Champions League
First Group stage
Second Group stage
Knockout stage
Final
FIFA Club World Championship
Group stage
Third place Play-off
Squad statistics
Players statistics
Goal scorers
See also
1999–2000 La Liga
1999–2000 Copa del Rey
1999–2000 UEFA Champions League
2000 UEFA Champions League Final
2000 FIFA Club World Championship
References
External links
Realmadrid.com Official Site
Real Madrid Team Page
Real Madrid (Spain) profile
uefa.com - UEFA Champions League
Web Oficial de la Liga de Fútbol Profesional
FIFA
Spanish football clubs 1999–2000 season
1999–2000
1999–2000
The 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was the 11th final of the CONCACAF Gold Cup, the international championship tournament for teams of the CONCACAF, the governing body of association football (soccer) in North and Central America. The match took place on 25 June 2011 and took place at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, United States. For the third consecutive final, the United States and Mexico contested the final, Mexico being the defending champions. The final was Mexico's seventh in Gold Cup history, while it was the United States' eighth final, and their fourth consecutive final.
For the second straight year, Mexico defended their Gold Cup title against the United States, defeating them 4–2 in the final. Mexico's Pablo Barrera netted Mexico's first and third goals, while Andrés Guardado and Giovani dos Santos tallied the second and fourth goals, respectively. Michael Bradley and Landon Donovan scored the United States' two goals in the match. The loss marked only the second time in 12 years the United States lost to Mexico on home soil. As Gold Cup champions, Mexico earned a spot at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup in Brazil as the CONCACAF's representative.
Route to the final
Mexico
Drawn into Group A of the Gold Cup, Mexico started their tournament campaign on June 5, 2011 against El Salvador.
Prior to their second Group Stage match against Cuba, it was revealed that five players on the Mexican squad, Antônio Naelson Sinha, Christian Bermúdez, Édgar Dueñas, Francisco Javier Rodríguez and Guillermo Ochoa, all tested positive for clenbuterol. The five players were subsequently suspended from the Gold Cup squad and sent home. Although testing positive for the substance, Mexican officials believed the drug was inadvertently taken, claiming that positive test results were caused by eating meat tainted with the drug. Later that same day, in spite of being shorthanded, Mexico still earned their second win of the tournament against Cuba, again winning by a 5–0 scoreline. Both Javier Hernández, and Giovani dos Santos netted twice for Mexico. The third goalscorer, Aldo de Nigris scored within a minute of being substituted into the game.
The following day, CONCACAF General Secretary Chuck Blazer had scheduled a meeting of the confederation's national teams committee, which also serves as the organizing committee of the Gold Cup, was to be convened to consider the doping situation, including possibly allowing Mexico to replace the five suspended players. However, the meeting was postponed to allow for more information to be gathered.
Still with no conclusion from CONCACAF, the Mexican team finished out their group play on 12 June with a 4–1 victory over Costa Rica. All four of Mexico's goals were scored within the first half of play and came from four players.
On 14 June, the Mexican Football Federation said that the "B" samples of those five involving players were negative.
As Group A winners, Mexico played Group B third-place finishers, Guatemala on 18 June. Narrowly edging Canada on gold differential, Guatemala earned a berth in the quarterfinals thanks to a 4–0 victory over Grenada. In the fifth minute of play, Guatemala's Carlos Ruiz opened the scoring to give Los Chapines a 1–0 lead. For Mexico, it was the first time in the entire tournament they found themselves trailing their opposition. Three minutes into the second half, de Nigris scored for Mexico, tying the match at 1–1. Twenty minutes later, Hernández netted the match winning goal, to give Mexico a berth into the semifinals.
The following day, the Gold Cup Organizing Committee announced on 19 June that Mexico will be allowed to replace the suspended players. The replacements were able to travel in time for El Tri'''s semifinal fixture against Honduras.
With the semifinal match between the United States and Panama beforehand, it was determined that the winner of the match would play the United States in the Gold Cup final. Scoreless through regulation time, Mexico and Honduras had to play through a 30-minute extra time. Within the first two minutes, Mexico would score twice, to lift them to a 2–0 lead. Again, it was de Nigris and Hernandez who would score for El Tri'', both of whom scored in the same respective fashion as they did against Guatemala. Mexico was able to hold the two-goal advantage through the remainder of the first extra time period and the entire second period, giving them a third straight berth into the final.
United States
The Gold Cup hosts were drawn into Group C, along with Panama, Canada, and Guadeloupe.
Being the last group to commence group play, the Gold Cup hosts opened this phase of the tournament on 7 June 2011 against Canada at Ford Field in Detroit. In front of a crowd of 29,000 the United States scored a pair of goals, each coming in different halves, giving the hosts a 2–0 victory over Canada. The United States' Jozy Altidore opened the scoring in the 15th minute, when they made a breakaway deep into the penalty box, slotted a shot underneath Canadian goalkeeper, Lars Hirschfeld. In the second half of play, a 62nd-minute goal from Clint Dempsey gave the United States the 2–0 lead, which would be their opening win of group play.
Four days later, the United States suffered a setback in group play when they suffered a 1–2 defeat to Panama at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa. With all the goals coming in the first half of play, Panama opened the score sheet at the virtue of an own goal in the 19th minute from Clarence Goodson. In the 36th minute, a penalty kick was ruled by the official, Marco Antonio Rodríguez, allowing Panama's Gabriel Gómez to double Panama's lead. Their two-goal lead was cut in half through the United States' Goodson, who headed a Landon Donovan corner kick in the 68th minute, bringing the U.S. within a goal. The Panamanians were able to weather wave upon wave of attacks from the Americans, earning the 2–1 victory. The loss, was their United States' first group stage loss in Gold Cup history. With Canada earning a 1–0 victory against Guadeloupe, the United States found themselves narrowly ahead of Canada for second place in the group, only ousting Canada through goal differential.
Although the odds of the United States failing to make the knockout round were slim, even if the squad lost to Guadeloupe, a win in their final group match was necessary for the team to advance into the quarterfinals. Held at Livestrong Sporting Park in Kansas City on 14 June 2011, Guadeloupe's Stéphane Auvray had a shot deflect off the post in the 4th minute of play. Despite the early wave of attacking from Guadeloupe, the United States scored on their first shot on goal, thanks to a 10th minute shot from Alitdore, who scored from 25 yards out. The early goal ended up being the lone goal of the match. With Panama drawing 1–1 against Canada, the United States advanced to the quarterfinals as group runners-up, for the first time in Gold Cup history.
A week later, on 19 June 2011, the United States played Group B winners, Jamaica in the quarterfinals. The Jamaican team was considered by the media to be one of the strongest teams since the team that earned a World Cup berth in 1998. In group play, Jamaica posted a 3–0–0 record, scoring seven times and not conceding any goals. Their most notable wins included a 2–0 blanking of CONCACAF powerhouse, Honduras and 4–0 thrashing of Grenada. Some even considered Jamaica the match favorites, with Jamaica's high form and the United States' poorer form. Nevertheless, the United States blanked Jamaica in the quarterfinals, and earned a 2–0 victory. In front of a sold-out crowd at RFK Stadium in Washington, D.C., the U.S. scored in the 49th minute from own goal and a 79th-minute goal from Dempsey. Following the match, Panama and El Salvador played on another where the Panamians booked a second date against the United States in the tournament.
Seeking redemption, the United States were able to do so when playing against Panama in the semifinals of the tournament. Played on 22 June 2011 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, the two sides remained gridlocked well through the second half. Dempsey, was able to score a late goal off of a Donovan cross to give the U.S. a 1–0 lead, which ended up becoming the match-winning goal.
Match details
References
External links
CONCACAF Gold Cup Game Schedule
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
United States men's national soccer team matches
Mexico national football team matches
Mexico–United States soccer rivalry
Sports competitions in Pasadena, California
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
21st century in Pasadena, California
Soccer in Greater Los Angeles
The Borneo broadfin shark or broadfin shark (Lamiopsis tephrodes) is a species of requiem shark, and part of the family Carcharhinidae.
See also
List of sharks
References
Lamiopsis
Fish described in 1905
The Kamusi Project is a cooperative online dictionary which aims to produce dictionaries and other language resources for every language, and to make those resources available free to everyone. Users can register and add content. "Kamusi" is the Swahili word for dictionary. It belongs to Kamusi Project International based in Geneva.
The project was started in 1994 at the Council on African Studies at Yale University (United States) as an online dictionary of the Swahili language under the name of the "Internet Living Swahili Dictionary" by its founder and present director Martin Benjamin. Since restructuring in 2014 the Swahili vocabulary is no more accessible.
In 2007 the project spun off from Yale. Since 2009 it has been run jointly by Kamusi Project International, a non profit association registered in Geneva, Switzerland, and Kamusi Project USA, a 501(c)(3) organization. From 2013 through 2017, it also had an academic base at the Distributed Information Systems Laboratory at EPFL in Lausanne.
Since 2010 programming and the Swahili-English database have been expanded to incorporate other languages. Kamusi project is open to build interconnected dictionaries for all existing languages. The project was knocked offline for a year beginning in mid-2015 when its server was unable to handle the data load for expanding to multiple languages. After reprogramming within a graph database paradigm, service was restored and opened to many new languages in 2016, though conversion of the original Swahili data to the new system continues to languish due to lack of funds.
Kamusi was recognized by the Obama administration as a launch partner in the White House Big Data Initiative in 2013.
In 2017, the project began an experimental technical development wing called Kamusi Labs that grows the project through volunteer internship projects with students from universities around the world.
In 2017 the project distributed more than 60,000 entries between Swahili and English via a mobile app called "English Swahili Dictionary Fr", and had concept-linked data containing 1,769,137 terms across 43 languages. In addition to the kamusi.org website, this data, comprising 1806 bilingual dictionaries, is available for free to the public via the Kamusi Here! app on Android and iPhone, KamusiBot on Facebook, and EmojiWorldBot on Telegram.
Arabic,
Assamese,
Basque,
Bengali,
Bodo,
Bulgarian,
Catalan,
Croatian,
Czech,
Danish,
Dutch,
English,
Galician,
Greek,
Gujarati,
Hindi,
Irish,
Italian,
Kannada,
Kashmiri,
Konkani,
Malayalam, Mamprusi language
Mandarin Chinese,
Meitei,
Marathi,
Nepali,
Oriya,
Persian,
Portuguese,
Punjabi,
Romanian,
Russian,
Sanskrit,
Northern Sotho,
Slovak,
Spanish,
Tamil,
Telugu,
Tswana,
Urdu,
Venda,
Xhosa, and
Zulu
References
External links
Kamusi Project – Global Online Living Dictionary
The World Language Documentation Center
Swahili language
Online dictionaries
English bilingual dictionaries
Creative Commons-licensed works
Projects established in 1995
Sacred Squadron may refer to:
Sacred Squadron (France), a military unit active during the final stages of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow in 1812
Sacred Band (World War II), a Greek special forces unit formed in 1942
Fernand Dauchot (1898–1982) was an expressionist painter.
Biography
Fernand Dauchot was born in 1898 in Paris. The artist participated to World War I combats in 1917 and lost their left arm. Still, the crippled artist went to Brittany in 1923 and started to paint with other artists in Pont-Aven. The painter is famous for their superb landscapes of France's Brittany region, and their works belong to several public collections, among them the Museum of Art of the city of Quimper.
Artworks in public collections
L'Aven au Plessis, 1926, Musée des Beaux-Arts de Quimper, France
Exhibitions
Rétrospective Fernand Dauchot, from June 11 to October 2, 2011, at the Faouët Museum, Brittany, France
Notes
Sources and external links
Le Faouët Museum, Brittany, France
Museum of Quimper
1898 births
1982 deaths
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French male painters
Modern painters
19th-century French male artists
Matuku may refer to:
Matuku (bird), monotypic genus of a Miocene heron from New Zealand
Matuku Island, Fiji
Matuku (Tonga)
Matuku-tangotango, monster in Māori mythology
Māori language name for the Australasian bittern
John Austin (born July 31, 1957) is an American former professional tennis player born in Long Beach, California. They won the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship with their sister, Tracy Austin, in 1980, becoming the first brother and sister team to win a Grand Slam title together.
Austin reached a career high singles ranking of world No. 40. They now reside in Los Angeles with their son, Reed, and their wife, Karen.  They are the brother of former professional tennis players Tracy, Pam, Jeff, and Doug Austin, and the brother-in-law of fitness expert Denise Austin.
According to a July 31, 2006 press release,
 They are currently the head pro of the Mulholland Tennis Club in Los Angeles
They were the national NCAA doubles champ in 1978 while at UCLA
They were a Davis Cup team member.
Grand Slam finals
Mixed doubles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner–up)
External links
American male tennis players
Tennis players from Long Beach, California
UCLA Bruins men's tennis players
Wimbledon champions
1957 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in mixed doubles
Brothers is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Max Barbakow from a screenplay by Etan Cohen and Macon Blair. The film stars Josh Brolin and Peter Dinklage as the titular siblings and is set to be produced by Legendary Entertainment.
Cast
Josh Brolin
Peter Dinklage
Taylour Paige
Glenn Close
Brendan Fraser
William Tokarsky
Production
On February 28, 2019, it was announced that Legendary Entertainment had purchased the project in a competitive bidding war, with Etan Cohen set to write the screenplay. Josh Brolin and Peter Dinklage were attached to star in the film as well as produce alongside Andrew Lazar. The film was said to be tonally in vein of Twins directed by Ivan Reitman, which centred on two unlikely twins played by Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito. Macon Blair was later attached to direct the film and co-write the script with Cohen on April 30, 2020. On June 3, 2021, Glenn Close joined the main cast, with Palm Springss Max Barbakow replacing Blair as director. Two months later, Brendan Fraser and Taylour Paige were added to the main cast.
Principal photography took place in August 2021 in Atlanta.
References
External links
American comedy films
Films about brothers
Films shot in Atlanta
Films with screenplays by Etan Cohen
Legendary Pictures films
Upcoming English-language films
Upcoming films
Jamieson is an unincorporated community in Malheur County, Oregon, United States. The community is northwest of Vale along U.S. Route 26. Jamieson's only business or service is a post office with ZIP code 97909. There are less than a half-dozen homes, mostly trailer homes.
References
Unincorporated communities in Malheur County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
David Renaud Boullier (24 March 1699 – 23 December 1759) was a Dutch Huguenot theologian, Protestant minister and philosopher.
Biography
Boullier was born in Utrecht on 24 March 1699. They were educated at Utrech University. They were a Protestant pastor in Amsterdam and was active in London for several years.
Boullier was elected in 1721 to the Castle Street Church in London and was ordained by Edmund Gibson in 1723. They remained in England until 1734 when they were appointed minister of Walloon Church, Amsterdam (1734-1749). They returned to Walloon Church in London and in 1751 retired in Utrecht.
Boullier strongly opposed Pyrrhonian skepticism. They were one of the few European thinkers who respected George Berkeley's immaterialism. Boullier was not an advocate of Berkeley's immaterialism but had a warm admiration and friendship with Berkeley. Boullier never criticized Berkeley but did occasionally point out their differences. Boullier respected Berkeley's metaphysics and their arguments against materialism, skepticism and irreligion of the age. They translated Berkeley's Siris, a book that endorsed the therapeutic use of tar water.
Boullier died on 23 December 1759 in Utrecht.
Animal souls
Boullier opposed the mechanistic philosophy of René Descartes that animals were machines devoid of a soul, reason or sensation. They also opposed the skepticism of Pierre Bayle which attempted to eliminate any essential distinction between humans and animals. Boullier believed that God had created animal and human souls with distinct properties.
In 1728, Boullier authored the two volume Essai Philosophique sur L'ˆAme des Bêtes (Essay on the Soul of Beasts), an early work on animal rights. The book was the longest and most thoughtful discussion on animals souls in the 18th century. Boullier argued that animals have purposeful motions which proves they have intelligence and an immaterial soul, though on a lesser scale than humans.
Boullier used evidence from comparative anatomy of the brain and from instinct to argue that animals have emotion and sensation but lack the understanding and will of human souls. Boullier stated that animals have within them a "sensitive principle" which is essentially immaterial.
Unlike Richard Dean and others who argued that animals possess immortal souls, Boullier did not believe animal souls were immortal. They stated that animals do suffer and they are innocent but their soul can only act through their body and perish with it. Boullier invoked the great chain of being to link every creature into a united whole to manifest God's purpose. They argued that animal bodies on the lower chain are used for the spiritual happiness of the beings higher on the chain and that their deaths are sometimes necessary to promote this happiness in the created hierarchical world but this excuses only purposive cruelty such as meat eating, not deliberate cruelty.
Selected publications
Essai Philosophique sur L'ˆAme des Bêtes (1728, 1737)
Lettres Sur Les Vrais Principes De La Religion (1741)
References
1699 births
1759 deaths
18th-century Dutch philosophers
Dutch animal rights scholars
Huguenots
Tir Kola or Tir Kala () may refer to:
Tir Kola, Amol
Tir Kola, Babol
Tir Kola, Sari
City Hall MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South Line (NSL) and East West Line (EWL). Situated in the Downtown Core district of Singapore, it is underneath Stamford Road near the road junctions with North Bridge Road and St Andrew's Road. The station is near landmarks such as the City Hall, Raffles City, the Padang, St Andrew's Cathedral and The Cenotaph.
Initially named St Andrew's MRT station, the station was part of the early plans for the original MRT network since 1982. Construction of the tunnels between the City Hall and Raffles Place stations required the draining of the Singapore River. The station opened on 12 December 1987 with the MRT extension to Outram Park station. Cross-platform transfers between the NSL and EWL began on 28 October 1989, ahead of the opening of the MRT eastern line extension to Tanah Merah station on 4 November which split the MRT network into two lines. The station has three levels and is a designated Civil Defence shelter. The station features a mural by Simon Wong, depicting government buildings in the area.
History
The station, then named St Andrew's, was included in the early plans of the MRT network in May 1982. It was renamed to City Hall in November that year for historical reasons and to better reflect the area served. It was to be constructed as part of the Phase I MRT segment from the Novena to Outram Park stations; this segment was targeted to be completed by December 1987. This segment was given priority as it passes through areas that had a higher demand for public transport, such as the densely populated housing estates of Toa Payoh and Ang Mo Kio and the Central Area. The line aimed to relieve the traffic congestion on the Thomson–Sembawang road corridor.
The contract for the construction of four tunnels between the City Hall and Raffles Place stations was awarded to a joint venture between Kajima Corporation and Keppel Shipyard in October 1983 at S$35.65 million (US$ million in ). Another contract for the construction of the station was awarded to a joint venture between Nishimatsu and Lum Chang at S$77.65 million (US$ million in ) in May 1984. Construction of the station began on 7 September 1984 with a Christian ceremony near the St Andrews' Cathedral. The gathering prayed for the safety of the cathedral and the construction workers, the successful completion of the station, and blessings for future commuters.
The construction of tunnels between the City Hall and Raffles Place stations required the draining of the Singapore River. The contractor used the cut-and-cover construction method since the tunnels, which cross over one another, would pass through a shallow part of the river. The tunnel boring machine was launched from Empress Place, which is just by the river bank. Due to the acidity of the Singapore River, a layer of concrete was added to the concrete frame around the tunnels, with a waterproofing additive for the base slab concrete. The concrete frame was designed to prevent any corrosion and floatation of the tunnels.
Due to requirements by the Ministry of Environment ensuring that the work site does not occupy more than 40% of the river width, the work would proceed in three stages. The cofferdam in the first stage occupied about of the river width from the riverbank at the Immigration Building site. However, this restriction led to a limited work area. The piles installation was hindered by the boulders in the river, which had to be drilled through. The works were close to the historical monuments of the Immigration Building and the Cavenagh Bridge. These two sites had to be closely monitored for any ground movement. Monitoring instruments such as inclinometers and levelling pins were used to detect any structural movement.
There were concerns that the Cavenagh Bridge would not be able to absorb any significant strains with the settlement of the bridge's anchor blocks. Saddles, joined by prestressing cables, were placed on either side of the bridge to unload and loosen the links and bridge wedges. However, these wedges could not be loosened. Instead, other temporary supports were placed to relieve any stress on the bridge. After finding some cracks on the entrance façade of the Immigration Building, the contractors underpinned the columns at the entrance.
The first stage of the construction was completed in May 1985, with a delay of seven months. To speed up the construction, the Environment Ministry agreed to lift restrictions on the work area. The rest of the construction was completed in one stage, taking up the remaining of the river width. The subsequent stage also used fewer piles with the mixed use of cut slopes. Installation of the 2nd stage cofferdam began in May and works were completed within 12 months.
During the station's construction, on 26 May 1985, the collapse of a portion of the supporting wall led to a landslip at the construction site. Those in the nearby St Andrew's Cathedral were evacuated as a safety precaution. The church was eventually declared safe for use and operations resumed on 2 June with the collapsed area backfilled. The engineers for the construction advised the church against using the half of the Cathedral near the site. On 10 December, a Japanese supervisor miner died, having fallen through a shaft. It was noted that the supervisor did not have their safety belt fastened. Investigations revealed that it was entirely an accident, with all other safety measures observed.
Train services commenced on 12 December 1987 when the line extension to Outram Park station was completed. The station was part of a route that ran continuously from Yishun station in the north to Lakeside station in the west. From 28 October 1989, it began to serve the NSL when MRT operations were split. In September 2000, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) installed lifts to allow barrier-free access to the station.
The LTA announced plans in May 2014 to construct a new underpass between the station and the redeveloped Capitol Singapore. Construction of the underground link and the new entrance started in the fourth quarter of 2014, and was completed in the first quarter of 2015. Another linkway to Funan Centre, first announced in November 2017, was completed in December 2021.
Station details
City Hall station is one of two stations which are paired cross-platform interchanges between the NSL and EWL. From the north, the station is after Bugis on the EWL and after Dhoby Ghaut station on the NSL. Both lines continue and interchange at Raffles Place station. The official station code is NS25/EW13. Before the MRT eastern extension to Tanah Merah station and the Marina Bay southern extension on 4 November 1989, through services operated from the Yishun to Lakeside stations. A few days before the opening, on 28 October, transfer drills were launched for commuters to familiarise themselves with transferring between the two services: with passengers from Yishun having to alight at either Raffles Place or City Hall to continue their journey to Lakeside or vice versa. In addition to advertisement campaigns and guides about the transfers, Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) staff were deployed at the platforms to help commuters.
With a depth of , the station has three levels, two of which contain island platforms. The station has one of the MRT system's longest escalators at . City Hall is one of the first nine underground MRT stations designated as a Civil Defence (CD) shelter. As a CD shelter, the station has to be structurally reinforced against bomb attacks with layers of earth-backed, air-backed and airtight walls and slabs. A mural by Simon Wong is displayed at this station as part of the MRTC's S$2 million (US$ million in ) commission of artworks at six MRT stations along the NSL. The mural, depicting government buildings in the area, reflects the station's themes of governance, justice and administration.
The station has four entrances. Located in the Singapore Civic District, the station is underneath Stamford Road near the junction with North Bridge Road. Surrounding the station are cultural landmarks such as City Hall, Peranakan Museum, The Padang, St Andrew's Cathedral, National Gallery Singapore, Old Supreme Court Building, Supreme Court of Singapore, Parliament House and The Cenotaph. Nearby commercial and retail developments include Marina Square, One Raffles Link, Raffles City and Suntec City. The station is within walking distance of the Esplanade and Bras Basah stations on the Circle line.
Notes and references
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
External links
Changi Airport to City Hall MRT station route
1987 establishments in Singapore
Downtown Core (Singapore)
Railway stations opened in 1987
Railway stations with vitreous enamel panels
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
Papa is a word used in many languages as an affectionate term for father.
Papa or PAPA may refer to:
Geography and geology
Pápa, a town in Hungary
Papa village (Samoa), on the island of Savai'i
Papa, Scotland, various islands
Papa rock, a Māori-derived term for a blue-grey mudstone common in New Zealand
People
Papa (Latin for Pope), the bishop of Rome and leader of Catholic Church
Papa bar Aggai (3rd century), Bishop of Seleucia-Ctesiphon and a founding figure in the Church of the East
Papa, a monk martyred with Abda and Abdisho
Papa (nickname), a list of people
Papa (surname)
Mythology
Rangi and Papa, the primordial parents according to Māori mythology
Papa (mythology), the earth goddess in Cook Islands mythology
A category of Karma in Jainism
Arts and entertainment
Papa (TV series), a 1996 South Korean drama series
Papa (2012 Egyptian film), a 2012 Egyptian drama film
Papa (2012 South Korean film), a 2012 South Korean comedy-drama film
Papa: Hemingway in Cuba, a 2015 Canadian-American biographical film about Ernest Hemingway and shot in Cuba
Papa (2016 film), a Chinese comedy-drama film
Papa (2018 film), an American drama film
Music
"Papa" (song), from the BBC drama Gideon's Daughter
"Papa" (Prince song), a 1994 song from Come by Prince
"Pa-Pa", a song from Hell of a Tester by The Rasmus
Acronym
British Amateur Press Association (comics fandom), an amateur press association which first published under the name PAPA
Professional and Amateur Pinball Association
Parallax Aircraft Parking Aid, a device that indicates where pilots should stop in a stand
Other uses
Papa, the letter "P" in the NATO and ICAO phonetic alphabets
Papa-class Soviet submarines, the sole member being Soviet submarine K-222
, the Spanish word for potato, used in the names of numerous Latin American potato-based dishes
Station P, an oceanographic measure station often called Station Papa
See also
Mama and papa, in linguistics, a commonly seen sequence of sounds meaning "mother" and "father"
Papas or Pappas, a common Greek surname
Pappa, a Roman town, also called Tiberiopolis
Paw Paw (disambiguation)
Jeffrey Gapari Kitingan (born 22 October 1948) is Malaysian politician. They have served as the Deputy Chief Minister II of Sabah since September 2020, in May 2018, State Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries of Sabah since September 2020 and State Minister of Agriculture and Industries of Sabah in May 2018 at the Sabah state level.
At the federal level, they served as the Deputy Minister of Tourism, Arts and Culture from March 2020 to their resignation in September 2020 and Deputy Minister of Housing and Local Government from August 1994 to May 1995. They have served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Keningau since May 2018, Member of the Sabah State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Tambunan since May 2018 and Bingkor from May 2013 to May 2018. They have served and been founding President of the Homeland Solidarity Party (STAR), a component party of the federal and state ruling Perikatan Nasional (PN) coalition, since July 2016.
Background
They were born in the town of Kota Marudu but hailed in the interior district of Tambunan. They graduated with an Master of Public Administration from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. They have a PhD awarded in 1984 from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy of Tufts University. Their brother, Joseph Pairin Kitingan served as the Chief Minister of Sabah from 1985 to 1994.
Political career
 They are known to be a controversial politician, having been detained without trial under the Internal Security Act by the Barisan Nasional-controlled federal government on suspicion of plotting to secede Sabah from the federation of Malaysia, although their defenders argue that this was a politically motivated move.
 They are also known to have switched political parties a number of times. In 1990, they started their political career together with their brother Joseph Pairin Kitingan in Parti Bersatu Sabah (PBS). However, after the 1994 state election, they abandoned their brother and PBS to join Angkatan Keadilan Rakyat (AKAR) party, leading to the downfall of the PBS government in Sabah. They tried to climb to the top post of the AKAR party but failed and rejoined PBS in 1996. However, in 2000, they quit PBS again and joined Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah (PBRS), tried to take over the party but failed again. They then quit the PBRS party in 2002 and tried to join United Pasokmomogun Kadazandusun Murut Organisation (UPKO). However, they quickly withdrew their membership application from UPKO and tried to join back PBS again for the third time, but PBS did not welcome them back into the party. In 2003, they applied to join the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) twice: one through UMNO headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, but was rejected. They then applied another membership through UMNO Keningau branch in Sabah using their legal name "Gapari bin Kitingan @ Geoffrey Kitingan" and was mistakenly accepted by UMNO. Jeffrey was able to produce their UMNO membership card. However, once the UMNO supreme council realised their error, they immediately revoked Jeffrey's membership.
Jeffrey remained independent of any party until they were accepted into Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) in 2006 where they became the vice-president of the party. They resigned their vice-president post in 2009 but remained as a party member. In December 2010, Jeffrey founded a NGO named United Borneo Alliance (UBA), which aimed to strive the rights of Sabah and Sarawak in accordance to 20-point agreement and Malaysia Agreement. They finally quit the PKR party in January 2011. In 2012, Jeffrey launched the Sabah chapter of Sarawak-based State Reform Party (STAR). in 2015, they brought their UBA into United Sabah Alliance (USA), just before they brought their Sabah chapter out of the Sarawak-based STAR to establish a Sabah-based party named Homeland Solidarity Party (STAR) in 2016.
In the 2008 general election, they challenged their brother Tan Sri Datuk Seri Panglima Joseph Pairin from BN-PBS at the Keningau parliamentary constituency, but lost. Instead they won the Sabah State Legislative constituency of Bingkor.
Jeffrey has been referred as political "frog" (katak in Malay) for their penchant of party hopping throughout their political career. Jeffrey responded by commenting that party hopping has been the common practice in Sabah politics. They defended themselves that they switch parties in order to find the one that is suitable to fight for the rights of the Sabah people.
2018 state election decision maker and subsequent results
Following the 2018 general election, the BN and the coalition of Pakatan Harapan (PH) with Sabah Heritage Party (WARISAN) are tied up with 29-29 seats in the 2018 Sabah state election. Jeffrey with their party of Homeland Solidarity Party (STAR) under the United Sabah Alliance (USA) which are not aligned from either the two sides, has won two seats in the election and subsequently emerged as the decision maker for the formation of a state government from the two sides. They then decide to team up with the BN to form coalition state government with them appointed as a Deputy Chief Minister while Musa Aman from BN continue to become the Chief Minister for another 5 years under the new coalition government. Their decision to maintain the position of BN in Sabah then drew many criticisms from Sabahan residents who want to see a change under the administration of a new state government with many began to labelling them as a "traitor" towards the state, especially when they were once a staunch opposition towards BN rule before the election. It is also reported that before the election, Jeffrey has been issue with 7-days bankruptcy notice. Following their sudden decision to work with BN, the Sabah branch of PKR has urged the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) to probe the two individuals, citing a “possibility of money changing hands between the two” that could leading to a sudden political partnership. Following the complaint, Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad announced that they will not recognise the election in Sabah if corruption involved. Situation also change when six seats assemblymen from the BN allied party of UPKO switched their allegiance to WARISAN, giving the Shafie Apdal party an advantage with 35 seats which sufficient to establish a valid state government. In addition, the Sabah Yang di-Pertua Negeri (TYT) Juhar Mahiruddin also had requested Musa to step down from their position, as Musa current position has contravened the Article 7(1) of the Sabah State Constitution when they lost the total majority state seats. On 14 May 2018, a letter from TYT are being delivered to Musa residence which stating that they are no longer the Chief Minister effective from 12 May 2018.
During the 2020 Malaysian political crisis, Kitingan supported Mahathir Mohamad to be reinstated as Prime Minister after their resignation.
2020 state election
In the 2020 Sabah state election, they agreed lead their party, STAR to joined Gabungan Rakyat Sabah (GRS) against Warisan Plus. This resulted in their party winning 6 seats in the state election, Jeffrey themselves won the Tambunan seat. After winning the election, they were appointed as the Deputy Chief Minister II, serving with Datuk Bung Mokhtar as Deputy Chief Minister I and Datuk Joachim Gunsalam as Deputy Chief Minister III.
On the day of their appointment as Deputy Chief Minister II, they resigned as Deputy Minister of Tourism, Arts and Culture.
Carbon credit deal
In late 2021, Mongabay reported that Kitingan was involved in a carbon credit deal that was signed in October 2021 that declared 2 million hectares as protected areas, without the consultation of indigenous peoples residing there. Civil society groups and indigenous leaders were critical over the secrecy of the agreement and whether the carbon accrediting company, Hoch Standard, had prior experience to implement it.
Personal life
Jeffrey is married to Cecilia Kitingan.
In January 2021, Jeffrey tested positive for COVID-19 and underwent treatment at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah. Both Kitingan and their wife were recovered and discharged from hospital after about two weeks later.
Election results
Honours
Honours of Malaysia
:
Commander of the Order of Meritorious Service (PJN) - Datuk (2021)
:
Commander of the Order of Kinabalu (PGDK) – Datuk (1987)
Grand Commander of the Order of Kinabalu (SPDK) – Datuk Seri Panglima (2020)
Kadazan, Dusun, Murut & Rungus (KDMR) tribes honours
Huguan Siou Lundu Mirongod (2016)
On 16 December 2016, Jeffrey Kitingan was given the title of Huguan Siou Lundu Mirongod which means the brave paramount thinker of the tribe. The installation of this title was done by the keeper of the “Adat” and Traditions of the KadazanDusuns, Tindarama Bobolian Chief, OKK Ammann Sirom Simbuna OT Tarantab in Kota Belud. This is the second highest honours in the Tribe after Huguan Siou.
References
Further reading
Nilakrisna James, ‘Enlightened' Jeffrey recalls ISA's cruelty, Free Malaysia Today. 29 September 2011.
Ian Neubauer, Very hush hush Borneo's 80bn Carbon deal stokes controversy, Al-Jazeera. 2 February 2022
Living people
1948 births
People from Sabah
Kadazan-Dusun people
Malaysian Roman Catholics
Malaysian political party founders
Leaders of political parties in Malaysia
People's Justice Front politicians
Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah politicians
United Progressive Kinabalu Organisation politicians
United Malays National Organisation politicians
People's Justice Party (Malaysia) politicians
State Reform Party politicians
Malaysian Christians
United Sabah Party politicians
Homeland Solidarity Party politicians
Members of the Dewan Negara
Members of the Dewan Rakyat
Members of the Sabah State Legislative Assembly
Leaders of the Opposition in the Sabah State Legislative Assembly
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Commanders of the Order of Kinabalu
Malaysian prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of Malaysia
21st-century Malaysian politicians
Commanders of the Order of Meritorious Service
In six-dimensional geometry, a cantic 6-cube (or a truncated 6-demicube) is a uniform 6-polytope.
Alternate names
Truncated 6-demicube/demihexeract (Acronym thax) (Jonathan Bowers)
Cartesian coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates for the 480 vertices of a cantic 6-cube centered at the origin and edge length 6 are coordinate permutations:
(±1,±1,±3,±3,±3,±3)
with an odd number of plus signs.
Images
Related polytopes
There are 47 uniform polytopes with D6 symmetry, 31 are shared by the B6 symmetry, and 16 are unique:
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
x3x3o *b3o3o3o – thax
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
6-polytopes
The 11th National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, D.C. at the National Museum on May 28, 1935. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The 20 spellers had a banquet at the Hamilton Hotel on the evening of May 27 before proceeding to the National Museum the next day for the competition.
The winner was Clara Mohler, 13, of Ohio, correctly spelling the word interning, which had been misspelled by the prior speller, followed by intelligible. Paul McCusker, 13, of Niagara Falls, New York took second, followed by Bruce Ackerman of Illinois in third.
Mohler is the third (out of five as of 2020) speller from the Akron area and sponsored by the Akron Beacon Journal to win the Bee, after Dean Lucas in 1927, and Alma Roach in 1933. After Mohler, Jean Chappelear won in 1948 and William Kerek won in 1964.
Mohler later obtained a degree in foreign languages from Ohio University and was an educator for over 40 years. They died in 2013.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1935 in education
1935 in Washington, D.C.
May 1935 events
This list is of Goryeo Buddhist paintings, Korea (918-1392). Approximately one hundred and sixty hanging scrolls are known.
References
Goryeo
Korean painting
Buddhism in Korea
Buddhist art
Thomas Jefferson Van Alstyne (July 25, 1827 – October 26, 1903) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Early life
Thomas Jefferson Van Alstyne was born on July 25, 1827, in Richmondville, New York. They were the son of Dr. Thomas B. Van Alstyne and Eliza Gile.
Van Alstyne attended the common schools, Moravia (New York) Academy, and Hartwick (New York) Seminary. In 1848 they graduated from Hamilton College in Clinton, New York. In 1851, they received their Master of Arts degree from Hamilton.
Career
They studied law in Albany, New York, was admitted to the bar in 1849 and practiced in Albany. In 1848, they entered the law office of Harris and Van Vorst. In 1853, they were invited to and formed a partnership with Matthew McMahon.
They served as a Union Army judge advocate with the rank of major during the Civil War. They served as judge of Albany County from 1871 to 1882.
Van Alstyne was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-eighth Congress and served one term, March 4, 1883, to March 3, 1885. In Congress, they were a member of the Committee on Claims and the Committee on Expenditures of the Department of Justice. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1884 to the Forty-ninth Congress and returned to the practice of law.
They served as mayor of Albany from 1898 to 1900. They won the Democratic primary for reelection but lost the election to James H. Blessing.
Personal life
Val Alstyne was married three times. They married their first wife, Sarah Clapp (1832–1859), on September 3, 1851. Before their death, they had together:
Thomas Butler Van Alstyne (1851–1927), who married Anna Richards.
Charles Edwin Van Alstyne (1855–1858), who died young.
On October 25, 1876, they married their second wife, Louise Peck (1842–1884), daughter of Samuel S. Peck of Albany. After their death in 1884, they married their third wife, Laura Louisa Wurdemann (1849–1939), a daughter of William Wurdemann and Lydia Vanderbilt and a granddaughter of William Vanderbilt, on February 17, 1886. They were the parents of another son:
William Thomas Van Alstyne (1887–1965).
They died in Albany on October 26, 1903. They were interred at Albany Rural Cemetery.
References
External links
1827 births
1903 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Union Army officers
Mayors of Albany, New York
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Burials at Albany Rural Cemetery
19th-century American politicians
People from Richmondville, New York
Tuscamia was an ancient Roman-Berber civitas in the province of Mauretania Caesariensis. The town is known from late antiquity having flourished through the Vandal Kingdom and Roman Empire, and possibly through the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb. The exact location of the ancient town is now lost to history, but it was somewhere in today's Algeria.
Bishopric
Tuscamia, was also the seat of an ancient Catholic bishopric. The only known bishop of this African diocese is Massimo, who took part in the synod assembled in Carthage in 484 by the Arian King Huneric the Vandal, after which Massimo was exiled.
Today Tuscamia survives as titular see of the Roman Catholic Church and the current bishop is Antônio Augusto Dias Duarte, auxiliary bishop of Rio de Janeiro.
Guido Del Mestri and Filippo Santoro were both long-term bishops of the diocese in the 20th century.
See also
Mauretania Caesariensis
References
Ancient Berber cities
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Mauretania Caesariensis
Choi Su-ji (; born 10 April 1995) is a South Korean handball player for SK Sugar Gliders and the South Korean national team.
Career
Choi first garnered attention at the 2013 Asian Junior Handball Championship where they led South Korea to their 12th title. Next year Choi participated in the 2014 IHF Junior World Handball Championship where they helped their team to win gold by beating Russia 34–27 in the final match on 13 July 2014.
Choi was selected by Colorful Daegu with the first overall pick in the 2014 KHL draft. While playing in Colorful Daegu, Choi converted their position from center back to left wing and became a regular fixture in the Daegu lineup. After playing in Daegu for three years Choi moved to SK Sugar Gliders prior to the 2017 season. In 2017 They led Sugar Gliders to the Handball Korea League title for the first time in the club's history.
In December 2019 Choi was called-up to the South Korean national team and competed in the 2019 World Handball Championship.
References
1995 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
2013 Hockey India League Players' Auction was the auction of players for the first season of the franchise-based field hockey tournament, Hockey India League. Auction was conducted by International Auctioneer Bob Hayton and took place on 16 December at The Lalit Hotel in New Delhi.
A total of 246 players were available for the auction out of which 93 were foreign player and 153 local. Each franchise had a purse of 650,000 to spend in the auction on 24 players (14 Indian and 10 overseas) for a term of 3 years. Minimum base price for an Indian player was 2,800 and for overseas player was 5,000 under which franchise owners could not bid.
Marquee players
The franchise owners made silent bids for each of the five marquee players before the actual auction begun. Hockey India then revealed which marquee player will lead which franchise based on the maximum bids by all the owners. Each team's marquee player got a contract worth at least 115 per cent of the highest successful bid for a player of that team in the auction if the silent bid is not worth more than this amount.
115% 115% of the top paid player of the team
Sandeep Singh was bought by Mumbai Magicians at their base price ($27,800) but Mumbai bought Australian Joel Carroll for $56,000 which raises Sandeep's annual purse to $64,400 due to the 115% rule. Similarly, Jamie Dwyer will fetch $78,200 (115% of Jaap Stockmann with $68,000) and Moritz Fürste will earn $83,950 (115% of Ashley Jackson's $73,000). Dutchman Teun de Nooijer's annual purse is the highest of the league i.e. $87,400 (115% of V.R. Raghunath's winning bid of $76,000) whereas Sardar Singh's annual purse is the highest among Indian players ($78,000).
Auction
Each round of main auction involved bidding for 10 defenders, 10 forwards and 10 midfielders. 25 goalkeepers were auctioned all together in the first round.
Player replaced.
2nd Round
After the main auction, the teams who had not completed their quota of 24 players (14 Indians and 10 overseas) could bid for the unsold players in the main auction.
Replacement signings
Franchises can sign players after the HIL auction, as replacement of contracted players who are not available to play due to injuries and national commitments. Under HIL rules, the replacements have to be chosen from the pool of players who went unsold in the auction.
Unsold players
Following unsold players were added to the reserve pool (according to their base price):
$25,000
Oliver Korn
Muhammad Imran
Ramón Alegre
Pol Amat
$20,000
Phil Burrows
$18,000
Nathan Burgers
$15,000
Juan Manuel Vivaldi
Tristan Clemons
Francois Scheefer
Muhammad Razie
Tengku Ahmad Tajuddin
Hugo Inglis
Shea McAleese
Abdul Haseem Khan
Muhammad Waqas
Mirosław Juszczak
Clinton Panther
Erasmus Pieterse
Lloyd Madsen
Xavier Trench
$10,000
Azlan Misron
Hamish McGregor
Imran Shah
Muhammad Umar Bhutta
Michal Nowakowski
Miguel Da Graca
Rhett Halkett
Thornton McDade
$5,600
Mucketira Gannapathy Poonacha
$5,000
Pedro Budeisky
Tomas Kuhl
Benjamin Read
Ali Shan
Oriol Fabregas
Lewis Jon Valentine Prosser
$2,800
Anjum Tarik
Dinesh Mann
K. Laldintluanga
Kalu Ram
Keerthi Mallesh Gowda
Nanak Singh
Naveen Kumar
Phirembam Bisham Singh
R. Aravindan
Shamsher Singh Kullar
Subodh Tirkey
Tariq Mohammad
Tharun Thamanna Kalmadanda
Abhijith B.
Balin Boro
Gaurav Chandrasen Bhonsle
Birsu Bhengra
Kabir Sharma
R. Ashok Kumar
Nadeem Uddin
Mohan Muthanna Bollachanda
Amit Kumar Malik
Avtar Singh Mann
Baljit Singh
Captain Singh
Deepak Aasanbhai Ramvani
Dilbag Singh
Suresh Kumar Ganeshan
Gurpreet Singh Randhawa
Jaskaran Singh
Naocha Singh Konjengbam
Laishram Laiba Loko
Manish Bishnoi
Prashant
S. Paulsesu
Saroj Barla
Ramesh Setti
Lowrance
Kanchan Lochan Rajbhar
Jatinder Singh
Ratul Ansary
Anil Xaxa
S. Arumugam
$2,800
Prakash Singh Rawat
K.D. Bidappa
Dattesh Tulsidas Priolkar
Deepak Kishor Ekka
Harsahib Singh
Keisham Hera
Kiran Kumar Thockchom
Joychandra Singh Lisham
Lovepreet Singh Momi
Manjinder Singh
Manoj Singh Rawat
Mohammed Riyazuddin
Mikhail Barla
Mohammed Iqbal Irshad Mirza
Mohit Singh Thakur
Muhammed Murthala P.K.
Munish Rana
N. Kamala Kannan
Nitin Kumar Nandanoori
Narad Dhaniram Bahadur
Naveen Antil
Ningombam Abung
Dhamu Parthasarthy
Pawan Singh Chauhan
Prabhjot Singh
Ravendra Shiv Kumar
Rituraj Boro
Sandeep Raju Sammeta
Sanjeet Singh Chauhan
Sarvjeet Singh Bhalru
Sikander Pal Singh
Vijay Indra Singh Thapa
Vijay Thapa
Vikas Choudhary
Vinit Kamble
References
auction
auction 2013
William Washabaugh (born January 14, 1945) is Professor Emeritus of anthropology at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. They have pursued studies of Creole languages, Sign languages of the Deaf, flamenco artistry, sport fishing, and cinema.
Research interests
William Washabaugh has produced works of critical scholarship in linguistics and popular culture. Their studies of the Creole language of Providence islanders and of the Sign language of Deaf islanders raised doubts about prevailing views of linguistic variation. Whereas the dominant opinion in studies of Creole variation had emphasized universal constraints, the Providence case, as published in the flagship journal Language (1977), demonstrated that other forces, external to language, bear on that variation. In Five Fingers for Survival: A Deaf Sign Language in the Caribbean (1986), Washabaugh found reasons to question the dominant assumption that the vernacular signing of the Deaf is guided by universal acquisition constraints, again pointing out relevant forces external to the language. These queries and objections culminated in Speak Into the Mirror: A Story of Linguistic Anthropology (1988) which reconsidered the foundational role played by linguistic theory in the development of anthropological thought.
Beyond strictly linguistic issues, Washabaugh explored the social forces that bear on non-verbal expressions and communications. Their studies of flamenco artistry in Flamenco: Passion, Politics, and Popular Culture (1996) and Flamenco Music and National Identity in Spain (2012) pointed out that flamenco song and dance are far more responsive to political forces than had been supposed in existing accounts and scholarly description. Their study of trout angling in America, Deep Trout: Angling in Popular Culture (2000), made a similar point, namely that casting a fly on a quiet stream is far from being the simple pleasure it is made out to be. It is instead freighted with the weight of class conflict and economic opportunism.
Washabaugh also confronted conventional wisdom in religion and theology. In their Waltzing Porcupines: Community and Communication (2004) they proposed that religious communities (no less than Creole and Deaf communities) and religious practices (no less than flamenco and angling practices) always involve negotiations with external forces. A peaceful prayer is no less illusory than a pure flamenco performance or a sublime trout on the line.
Their current project, Silvered Screens: Self in Cinema (forthcoming), pursues a study of more than five hundred movie moments during which characters react to their mirror images. The purpose of this study is to discern how personal identity is handled, how “self” is done. Rather than exploring the ways in which people conceive of their selves, this study inquires into the presuppositions of people who attend to their mirrors, sometimes preening, sometimes wincing, attacking, or even shooting the glass they see. Silvered Screens concludes that self is far from simple; it is fraught with hidden forces, not unlike our everyday performances of speech, sign, music, and angling.
Education
B.A., 1966, St. Bernard's Seminary, Rochester, NY
M.A., 1970, U. of Connecticut Storrs, CT
Ph.D., 1974, Wayne State U., Detroit, MI
Thesis and Dissertation: Puerto Rican Immigrants in Willimantic, CT (M.A.), Variability in Decreolization on Providence Island, Colombia (Ph.D.)
Books
Washabaugh's books include:
Five Fingers For Survival (Karoma, 1986)
The Social Context of Creolization (edited with Ellen Woolford, Karoma, 1983)
Speak Into the Mirror: A Story of Linguistic Anthropology (1988) published anonymously as by John Doe
Flamenco: Passion, Politics and Popular Culture (Berg, 1996)
The Passion of Music and Dance: Body, Gender and Sexuality (edited, New York University Press, 1998)
Flamenco Music and National Identity in Spain (Ashgate, 2012)
Flamenco: Passion, Politics and Popular Culture was a finalist for the 1997 Katharine Briggs Folklore Award.
References
1945 births
Living people
Cultural anthropologists
American anthropologists
People from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
Wayne State University alumni
University of Connecticut alumni
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee faculty
Sir Peter Edlin Webster (16 February 1924 – 10 April 2009) was a British barrister and High Court judge.
References
https://www.ukwhoswho.com/view/10.1093/ww/9780199540891.001.0001/ww-9780199540884-e-39195
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/law-obituaries/5286771/Sir-Peter-Webster.html
Knights Bachelor
2009 deaths
Queen's Bench Division judges
Fleet Air Arm personnel of World War II
Fleet Air Arm aviators
1924 births
The S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications, commonly known as Newhouse School, is the communications and journalism school of Syracuse University in Syracuse, NY. It has programs in print and broadcast journalism; music business; graphic design; advertising; public relations; and television, radio and film. The school was named after publishing magnate Samuel Irving Newhouse Sr., founder of Advance Publications, who provided the founding gift in 1964.
Mark J. Lodato has been the dean of the Newhouse School since July 2020. The school includes about 80 full-time faculty members and about 50 adjunct instructors. Enrollment includes approximately 2,000 undergraduate students, 180 residential master's degree students, 200 online master's degree students, and 15 doctoral degree candidates as of 2022. Undergraduate admissions are highly selective.
History
Early years
The Department of Journalism was established at Syracuse University in 1919 as a part of the College of Business Administration. The Theta Sigma Phi () journalism sorority was established in 1920. SU produced a radio show over WSYR-FM in 1932 and the production studio was housed in the Crouse College.
Formation of the School of Journalism
The department became a separate School of Journalism in 1934, with Matthew Lyle Spencer serving as the founding dean. The new school was housed in the Yates Castle (Renwick Castle) from 1934 until the buildings demolition in 1954. The school was moved into the Old Gym from 1953 until that building was razed in 1965.
In 1932, Syracuse University became the first university in the nation to offer a college credit radio course. In 1947, SU launched WAER, one of the nation's first college radio stations. With the emergence of television, SU was the first to offer instruction in the field in 1956.
Construction of the Newhouse Complex
In 1964, supported by a $15 million gift from Samuel Irving "S. I." Newhouse Jr., the Newhouse Communications Complex was officially inaugurated in Newhouse 1, an award-winning building designed by architect I. M. Pei, which housed the School of Journalism. The building was dedicated by President Lyndon B. Johnson, who delivered their famous "Gulf of Tonkin Speech" on the Newhouse Plaza.
In 1971, the School of Journalism merged with the Department of Television-Radio and was renamed the S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications. A second building, Newhouse 2, was dedicated in 1974 with a keynote address by William S. Paley, chairperson of the board of CBS. It cost $7.2 million to build.
In 2003, the Newhouse School received a $15 million gift from the S. I. Newhouse Foundation and the Newhouse family to fund the construction of the third building in the Newhouse Communications Complex. The $31.6 million modern structure, designed by the former Polshek Partnership, features the First Amendment etched in six-foot-high letters on its curving glass windows. Newhouse 3 was dedicated on September 19, 2007, with a keynote address from Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts
In September 2014, the school completed an $18 million renovation of the Newhouse 2 building, creating the Newhouse Studio and Innovation Center, which features Dick Clark Studios, the Alan Gerry Center for Media Innovation and the Diane and Bob Miron Digital News Center. Oprah Winfrey attended and spoke at the dedication ceremony.
In January 2020, Donald E. Newhouse donated $75 million to the School through the Newhouse Foundation.
Student Activities
Most Newhouse students participate in extracurricular activities to gain experience in their chosen field of study. On-campus publications include The Daily Orange, an independent student-run newspaper; The Newshouse, an online news site; and numerous magazines. The university has three radio stations on campus: WJPZ, a Top 40 station that broadcasts to the Syracuse market; WERW, a free-format station; and WAER, one of the two NPR stations in Syracuse, which has an entirely student-run sports department. On-campus television stations include Orange Television Network and CitrusTV, the largest entirely student-run campus TV station in the country. Newhouse student-run agencies include Hill Communications (public relations) and TNH (advertising).
There are also a number of diversity-based organizations for students, including the National Association of Black Journalists and the National Association of Hispanic Journalists.
The student chapter of NLGJA: The Association of LGBTQ Journalists, was launched in May 2022.
Study Abroad
The Newhouse School offers multiple study abroad opportunities in addition to the SU Abroad program offered by the university. Newhouse students have the ability to work in Dubai, India, and France annually, and the London SU Abroad center offers classes directed by Newhouse.
Olympics
NBC, which owns the rights to Olympic television coverage in the United States, visits campus to recruit Newhouse students for internships every two years. The corporation normally conducts on-campus interviews one year before the games. Twenty-three students covered the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro as paid interns for NBC.
Degrees
In July 2015, the Newhouse School began offering an Online Master's in Communications, Communications@Syracuse.
Controversies
In October 2014, the Newhouse School declined to allow Pulitzer Prize winning photojournalist Michel du Cille to participate in a journalism workshop at the school because he'd returned three weeks earlier from covering the Ebola outbreak in Liberia. Du Cille said at the time, "It's a disappointment to me. I'm pissed off and embarrassed and completely weirded out that a journalism institution that should be seeking out facts and details is basically pandering to hysteria." Newhouse Dean Lorraine Branham said they made the decision to avoid panic and because they "was unwilling to take any risk where our students are concerned."
Centers and Special Projects
Deans of the Newhouse School of Public Communications
1934–1950 Lyle Spencer
1950–1972 Wesley Clark
1972–1980 Henry Schulte
1980–1989 Edward Stephens
1989–1990 Lawrence Myers Jr.
1990–2008 David Rubin
2008–2019 Lorraine Branham
2019–2020 Amy Falkner (interim)
2020–present Mark J. Lodato
Notable Newhouse alumni
See also
Mirror Awards
Toner Prize for Excellence in Political Reporting
References
External links
The Newshouse, Student-run Newspaper
1919 establishments in New York (state)
Educational institutions established in 1919
Syracuse University
Journalism schools in the United States
Newhouse family
I. M. Pei buildings
Cocu is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bărbătești, Cocu, Crucișoara, Făcălețești, Greabănu, Popești, Răchițele de Jos (the commune centre) and Răchițele de Sus.
Natives
Constantin Doncea
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
}}
| recovery_cases =
| deaths =
| fatality_rate =
| territories =
| total_ili =
| website =COVID-19 dashboard
| youtube =
}}
The first case of the COVID-19 pandemic in India was reported on 30 January 2020, originating from China. Slowly, the pandemic spread to various states and union territories including the state of Tripura. The first case was recorded in this region on 6 April.
Timeline
May 2020
As on 23 May, total number of cases in Tripura was 191, including 39 active cases and 152 recoveries.
June 2020
As on 3 June, total number of cases in Tripura was 520, including 347 active cases and 173 recoveries.
As on 4 June, total number of cases was 646, including 473 active cases and 173 recoveries.
As on 7 June, total number of cases was 802, including 610 active cases and 192 recoveries.
On 12 June, total number of cases reached 1000. This includes 721 active cases and 278 cures. 1 person died due to virus.
As on 19 June, total number of cases was 1154, including 514 active cases and 639 recoveries. 1 person died due to virus.
As on 24 June, total number of cases was 1263, including 358 active cases and 904 cures. One person died from the virus.
As on 29 June, total number of cases in Tripura was 1386, including 264 active cases, 1096 recoveries and 1 death.
July 2020
As on 3 July, total number of cases in Tripura was 1533, including 333 active cases, 1199 cures and 1 death.
As on 7 July, total number of cases was 1703, including 454 active cases, 1248 recoveries and 1 death.
As on 15 July, total number of cases was 2281, including 660 active cases and 1604 recoveries. Three persons died from the virus.
As on 18 July, total number of cases was 2497, including 796 active cases and 1684 recoveries and 3 fatalities.
As on 25 July, total number of cases was 3864, including 1643 active cases and 2210 recoveries and 11 deaths.
As on 30 July, total number of cases in Tripura was 4722, including 1721 active cases and 2962 recoveries and 21 deaths.
August 2020
As on 4 August, total number of cases in Tripura was 5502, including 1799 active cases, 3675 cures and 28 deaths.
As on 7 August, total number of cases was 5868, including 1954 active cases, 3860 recoveries and 36 deaths.
As on 10 August, total number of cases was 6223, including 1720 active cases, 4443 recoveries and 42 fatalities.
As on 14 August, total number of cases was 6764, including 1703 active cases, 5015 recoveries and 46 deaths.
As on 20 August, total number of cases in Tripura was 7850, including 2202 active cases, 5565 recoveries and 65 deaths.
As on 26 August, total number of cases was 9539, including 2863 active cases, 6574 cures and 83 deaths.
On 28 August 2020, Tripura crossed grim milestone of 10000 COVID cases.
September 2020
As on 1 September, total number of cases in Tripura was 12719, including 4734 active cases, 7847 cures and 118 deaths.
As on 6 September, total number of cases was 15526, including 6308 active cases, 9048 recoveries and 149 deaths.
As on 11 September, total number of cases was 17830, including 7381 active cases, 10255 recoveries and 172 deaths.
As on 17 September, total number of cases was 20167, including 7495 active cases, 12435 recoveries and 217 fatalities.
As on 20 September, total number of cases was 22029, including 6980 active cases, 14787 cures and 239 deaths.
As on 24 September, total number of cases is 23726, including 6551 active cases, 16955 recoveries and 257 deaths.
As on 29 September, total number of cases is 25350, including 5874 active cases, 19180 recoveries and 273 fatalities.
October 2020
As on 2 October, total number of cases in Tripura was 26359, including 5480 active cases, 20573 cures and 283 deaths.
As on 4 October, total number of cases was 26871, including 5171 active cases, 21387 cures and 290 deaths.
As on 8 October, total number of cases was 27733, including 4389 active cases, 23043 cures and 301 deaths.
As on 15 October, total number of cases is 29028, including 3318 active cases, 25371 recoveries and 316 deaths.
As on 27 October, total number of cases was 30267, including 1796 active cases, 28130 cures and 341 deaths.
November 2020
As on 8 November, total number of cases in Tripura was 31491, including 1302 active cases, 29835 cures and 354 deaths.
As on 9 November, total number of cases was 31517, including 1219 active cases, 29942 cures and 356 deaths.
As on 15 November, total number of cases was 31919, including 1105 active cases, 30455 cures and 359 deaths.
As on 24 November, total number of cases was 32467, including 827 active cases, 31273 cures and 367 fatalities.
As on 26 November, total number of cases is 32575, including 767 active cases, 31418 recoveries and 367 fatalities.
December 2020
As on 1 December, total number of cases in Tripura was 32700, including 592 active cases, 31741 recoveries and 367 deaths.
As on 3 December, total number of cases was 32777, including 552 active cases, 31856 recoveries and 369 fatalities.
As on 7 December, total number of cases was 32865, including 451 active cases, 32045 cures and 369 deaths.
As on 14 December, total number of cases was 33022, including 330 active cases, 32319 cures and 373 deaths.
As on 17 December, total number of cases was 33055, including 306 active cases, 32374 recoveries and 375 deaths.
As on 21 December, total number of cases was 33149, including 234 active cases, 32538 recoveries and 377 deaths.
As on 22 December, total number of cases is 33162, including 213 active cases, 32572 recoveries and 377 deaths.
As on 29 December, total number of cases is 33220, including 140 active cases, 32698 recoveries and 382 deaths.
As on 31 December, total number of cases is 33238, including 128 active cases, 32728 recoveries and 382 deaths.
January 2021
As on 5 January, total number of cases in Tripura was 33258, including 73 active cases, 32803 recoveries and 382 deaths.
As on 10 January, total number of cases was 33281, including 57 active cases, 32839 cures and 385 deaths.
As on 21 January, total number of cases was 33312, including 36 active cases, 32888 cures and 388 deaths.
As on 27 January, total number of cases was 33320, including 24 active cases, 32908 cures and 388 deaths.
February 2021
As on 1 February, total number of cases in Tripura was 33325, including 19 active cases, 32918 recoveries and 388 deaths.
As on 7 February, total number of cases in Tripura was 33326, including 8 active cases, 32930 recoveries and 388 deaths. For the first time since April 2020, the state has the number of active cases in a single digit.
As on 11 February, total number of cases in Tripura was 33327, including 5 active cases, 32934 recoveries and 388 deaths.
As on 14 February, total number of cases in Tripura was 33327, including 2 active cases, 32937 recoveries and 388 deaths.
As on 23 February, total number of cases in Tripura was 33372, including 45 active cases, 32939 recoveries and 388 deaths.
In the entire month of February 2021, not even a single death was reported due to Covid.
March 2021
As on 6 March, total number of cases in Tripura was 33398, including 31 active cases, 32979 recoveries and 388 deaths.
As on 14 March, total number of cases was 33403, including 12 active cases, 33003 recoveries and 388 deaths.
As on 29 March, total number of cases was 33467, including 49 active cases, 33029 recoveries and 389 fatalities.
April 2021
As on 5 April, total number of cases in Tripura was 33514, including 63 active cases, 33062 recoveries and 389 deaths.
As on 11 April, total number of cases in Tripura is 33707, including 236 active cases, 33081 recoveries and 390 deaths.
May 2021
As on 5 May, total number of cases in Tripura was 36208, including 1940 active cases, 33871 recoveries and 397 deaths.
As on 11 May, total number of cases was 38132, including 3098 active cases, 34624 recoveries and 410 deaths.
As on 12 May, total number of cases was 38548, including 3368 active cases, 34761 cures and 419 deaths.
As on 18 May, total number of cases was 41871, including 5404 active cases, 36025 recoveries and 442 deaths.
As on 27 May, total number of cases is 48504, including 7508 active cases, 40497 recoveries and 476 deaths.
June 2021
As on 18 June, total number of cases in Tripura was 61313, including 4910 active cases, 55769 recoveries and 634 deaths.
As on 23 June, total number of cases is 63114, including 3785 active cases, 58674 recoveries and 655 deaths.
July 2021
As on 13 July, total number of cases in Tripura was 71312, including 4245 active cases, 66290 recoveries and 714 deaths.
August 2021
As on 28 August, total number of cases in Tripura was 82671, including 1090 active cases, 80725 recoveries and 793 deaths.
September 2021
As on 23 September, total number of cases in Tripura was 83953, including 353 active cases, 82731 recoveries and 806 deaths.
As on 25 September, total number of cases was 84011, including 331 active cases, 82810 cures and 807 deaths.
As on 29 September, total number of cases was 84102, including 260 active cases, 82970 recoveries and 809 fatalities.
Oct to Dec 2021
As on 7 October, total number of cases in Tripura was 84201, including 154 active cases, 83172 recoveries and 812 deaths.
As on 24 October, total number of cases is 84381, including 101 active cases, 83404 recoveries and 813 deaths.
As on 2 November, total number of cases was 84468, including 126 active cases, 83466 recoveries and 813 deaths.
As on 4 December, total number of cases was 84844, including 88 active cases, 83931 recoveries and 825 deaths.
As of 14 December, the total number of cases was 84934, including 380 active cases, 84028 cures and 826 fatalities.
As of 29 December, the total number of cases was 85041, including 73 active cases, 84139 cures and 829 deaths.
Jan to Mar 2022
As on 6 January, total number of cases in Tripura was 85297, including 278 active cases, 84190 recoveries and 829 deaths.
As on 9 January, total number of cases was 85760, including 650 active cases, 84280 recoveries and 830 deaths.
As on 16 January, total number of cases was 90935, including 5106 active cases, 84991 recoveries and 838 deaths.
As on 21 January, total number of cases was 97933, including 8143 active cases, 88922 cures and 868 deaths.
As on 5 February, total number of cases was 100650, including 887 active cases, 98847 cures and 916 fatal cases.
As on 12 February, total number of cases was 100790, including 206 active cases, 99665 recoveries and 919 deaths.
As on 25 February, total number of cases was 100859, including 42 active cases, 99898 cures and 919 deaths.
As on 19 March, total number of cases was 100870, including 1 active case, 99950 have recovered and 919 deaths.
April to June 2022
As on 13 April, total number of cases in Tripura was 100878, including no active case, 99956 cures and 922 deaths.
As on 25 April, total number of cases was 100879, including no active case, 99957 cures and 922 deaths.
As on 2 May, total number of cases was 100881, including 2 active cases, 99957 cures and 922 deaths.
As on 12 May, total number of cases was 100887, including 5 active cases, 99959 cures and 923 deaths.
As on 28 May, total number of cases was 100887, including no active case, 99964 cures and 923 deaths. Tripura didn't report any new Covid related case in the last 2 weeks.
As on 12 June, total number of cases was 100889, including 2 active cases, 99964 cures and 923 deaths.
As on 22 June, total number of cases was 100894, including 4 active cases, 99967 cures and 923 deaths.
July to September 2022
As on 16 July, total number of cases in Tripura was 102325, including 1284 active cases, 100119 cures and 924 deaths.
As on 30 August, total number of cases was 107709, including 62 active cases, 106735 cures and 938 deaths.
As on 10 September, total number of cases was 107743, including 34 active cases, 106797 recoveries and 938 fatal cases.
As on 24 September, total number of cases was 107771, including 45 active cases, 106814 recoveries and 938 deaths.
Sample Testing
COVID-19 Vaccines with Approval for Emergency or Conditional Usage
Covishield
On January 1, 2021, the Drug Controller General of India, approved the emergency or conditional use of AstraZeneca's COVID-19 vaccine AZD1222 (marketed as Covishield). Covishield is developed by the University of Oxford and its spin-out company, Vaccitech. It's a viral vector vaccine based on replication-deficient Adenovirus that causes cold in Chimpanzees.
It can be stored, transported and handled at normal refrigerated conditions (two-eight degrees Celsius/ 36-46 degrees Fahrenheit). It has a shelf-life of at least six months.
On 12 January 2021 first batches of Covishield vaccine was despatched from the Serum Institute of India.
Covaxin
On January 2, 2021, BBV152 (marketed as Covaxin), first indigenous vaccine, developed by Bharat Biotech in association with the Indian Council of Medical Research and National Institute of Virology received approval from the Drug Controller General of India for its emergency or conditional usage.
On 14 January 2021 first batches of Covaxin vaccine was despatched from the Bharat Biotech, albeit it was still in the third phase of testing.
Others
On 19 May 2021, Dr Reddy's Labs received Emergency Use Authorisation for anti-COVID drug 2-DG. On 21 February, 2022, Drugs Controller General of India granted approval to Biological E's COVID-19 vaccine Corbevax, that can be used for children between 12 and 18 years of age.
On 21 October 2021, India completed administering of one billion Covid vaccines in the country.
On 8 January 2022, India crossed 1.5 billion Covid vaccines milestone in the country.
On 19 February 2022, India crossed 1.75 billion Covid vaccines milestone in the country.
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in India
Notes
References
External links
COVID-19 pandemic in India by state or union territory
is a passenger railway station on the Minato Line in the city of Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan, operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway.
Lines
Isozaki Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 13.3 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single curved side platform serving the single-track line.
History
Isozaki Station opened on 3 September 1924.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 83 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Isozaki Post Office
National Institute of Information and Communications Technology Sunspot Research Center
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1924
Hitachinaka, Ibaraki
Port Morris Ferry Bridges, also known as the 134th Street Ferry Bridges, are two historic bridges located in the Port Morris neighborhood of the Bronx, New York City. They were built in 1948 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, and are constructed of steel and copper in industrial-style truss construction. Each bridge stands four to five stories tall and covered in corrugated steel metal. They feature wire rope pulley systems, wooden gangways, and pontoons. They were constructed to hoist the bases of ferry boats in and out of the river as they came into dock.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014. Today the property is shared between the New York City Transit Authority and the New York City Police Department.
References
External links
Comprehensive List of Float Bridges Located Throughout New York Harbor (1866-Present)
Bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in New York City
Bridges completed in 1948
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
National Register of Historic Places in the Bronx
Bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Bridges on the National Register of Historic Places
Bridges in the Bronx
Steel bridges in the United States
Port Morris, Bronx
José Carlos Rodrigues Pereira (born 28 July 1952, in Santa Cruz, Madeira, Portugal) was the president of Portuguese association football club C.S. Marítimo.
A business person by profession, Pereira took over the reins of C.S. Marítimo on 4 July 1997, when they were elected to replace the previous chairperson Rui Fontes.
References
1952 births
Living people
People from Santa Cruz, Madeira
C.S. Marítimo
Portuguese football chairpeople and investors
The 34th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1917 New Brunswick general election, the 34th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 34th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 14th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1999 New Brunswick general election, the 54th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 54th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 34th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Escadrille Spa.84 (originally Escadrille N.84) was a French fighter squadron active in World War I during 1917 and 1918. They were credited with destroying 24 German airplanes and one observation balloon.
History
Escadrille Spa.84 was founded on 6 January 1917 at Ravenal, France. It was principally equipped with Nieuport 24s, though it had some SPAD S.7s. On 22 March, it was incorporated into Groupe de Combat 13, posted to III Armee. The groupe would be exchanged between armies half a dozen times during the course of the war.
By February 1918, the unit had become Escadrille Spa.84 because it was wholly outfitted with SPAD 13 fighters. It was Mentioned in dispatches on 10 September 1918. By the Armistice on 11 November 1918, it was credited with destruction of 24 German airplanes and an observation balloon.
Commanding officers
Lieutenant Paul Gastin: 6 January 1917 - 28 July 1917
Lieutenant Andre Humieres: 28 July 1917 - 6 November 1917
Lieutenant Paul Gastin: 6 November 1917 - 28 August 1918
Sous lieutenant Pierre Wertheim: 28 August 1918 - 11 November 19188
Notable members
Sous lieutenant Omer Demeuldre
Sous lieutenant Pierre Wertheim
Aircraft
Nieuport 24s: 6 January 1917 - early 1918
SPAD S.7s: 6 January 1917 - early 1918
SPAD 13s: Early 1918
End notes
Reference
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
Fighter squadrons of the French Air and Space Force
Military units and formations established in 1917
Military units and formations disestablished in 1918
Military units and formations of France in World War I
Military aviation units and formations in World War I
Panaspis megalurus, also known as the blue-tailed snake-eyed skink or Nieden's dwarf skink, is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is endemic to Tanzania.
Panaspis megalurus is a small skink measuring about in snout–vent length. The tail is very long, more than three times the body length.
References
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Tanzania
Endemic fauna of Tanzania
Reptiles described in 1913
Taxa named by Fritz Nieden
Mușetești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Arșeni, Bârcaciu, Gămani, Grui, Mușetești, Stăncești and Stăncești-Larga.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
George Frederick Tyson ( – 21 May 1937) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s and 1910s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Oldham (Heritage No. 79), as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Playing career
International honours
Tyson won caps for England while at Oldham in 1908 against Wales, in 1909 against Australia (2 matches), and Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Oldham in 1908 against New Zealand, and in 1908-09 against Australia (3 matches).
Championship appearances
George Tyson played in Oldham's victory in the Championship during the 1904–05 season.
George Tyson played , i.e. number 2, in Oldham's 3-7 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1908–09 season at the Willows, Salford on Saturday 1 May 1909.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
George Tyson played , i.e. number 5, in Oldham's 3-17 defeat by Warrington in the 1907 Challenge Cup Final during the 1906–07 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 27 April 1907, in front of a crowd of 18,500.
County Cup Final appearances
George Tyson played , i.e. number 2, in Oldham's 9-10 defeat by Wigan in the 1908 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1908–09 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 19 December 1908.
Club career
George Tyson was considered a "Probable" for the 1910 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, but decided not to take part in the tour due to "business reasons".
References
External links
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
1880s births
1937 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Rugby league players from Oldham
Rugby league wingers
D. S. Tavern, also known as the 1740 House, is a historic tavern located at Ivy, Albemarle County, Virginia. The building dates to the late-18th to early-19th century. It is a two-story, single pile, log and frame I-house, covered in beaded weatherboards. It sits on a brick and rubblestone foundation and has a gable roof pierced by two brick chimneys. It has an early-19th century, one-story kitchen connected by a hyphen. From 1785 to about 1850, the tavern served the westward movement of settlers along the turnpike running from Richmond to the Valley. The tavern was owned by Chief Justice John Marshall who maintained the property from 1810–1813. In the mid- to late 19th century, it was converted to a private residence.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
External links
D. S. Tavern, U.S. Route 250 West, Charlottesville, Charlottesville, VA at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Taverns in Virginia
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Buildings and structures in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Kardijan (, also Romanized as Kardījān and Kordījān; also known as Gardījān, Kardīān, and Qardīān) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,667, in 409 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
This is a list of seasons played by Fotballklubben Haugesund in Norwegian and European football from their first season in 1994 to the most recent completed season. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top scorers for some season. The statistics is up to date as of the end of the 2019 season.
References
Seasons
Haugesund
Orthonevra feei, Fee's mucksucker, is a rare species of syrphid fly. It has been observed only in New Hampshire, United States. Hoverflies get their names from the ability to remain nearly motionless while in flight. The adults are also known as flower flies, for they are commonly found around and on flowers from which they get both energy-giving nectar and protein-rich pollen. Larvae for this genus are of the rat-tailed type. O. feei larvae have not been described.
References
Eristalinae
Insects described in 2019
Sonnet 112 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It is a member of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses their love towards a young man. It is noted for its compressed and obscure language.
Synopsis
The youth's sympathy is such that it conceals the badge of shame on the poet's brow. No-one else's opinion matters, since the youth covers the poet's misdeeds. The poet must learn to take the youth's estimate as the only one worthwhile. All other opinions are consigned to oblivion. Their rejection of the rest of the world is so complete that the rest of the world may as well be dead.
Commentary: notes on the vocabulary
Sonnet 112 in part picks up the thought of Sonnet 111, about the friend's pity effacing their brand of shame; 'impression' recalls Lucrece lines 1763-4 'The face, that map which deep impression bears /Of hard misfortune, carved in it with tears.'
Isabella connects 'impression' and 'shame' in Measure for Measure Act II scene iv. The shame in this poem could be vocational (the theatre, suggested by 111), or sexual.
'Vulgar scandal' is an idiom Shakespeare has in common with Fulke Greville. 'Vulgar' is used in Shakespeare to refer to the base, the common, the popular: the speech by Henry IV to Hal deplores Hal making themselves 'stale and cheap to vulgar company', in a speech that turns on the proper decorum of how a person should relate to the multitude.
'O'er-greene': 'o'er' is Shakespeare's common abbreviation for 'over' in the sonnets, notable parallels in Sonnets 43, 65, 139 ('o'er worn; o'er-sways; o'er-pressed').
'You are my all the world': 'world' is quite a common term in the hyperbolic language of the sonnets (28 occurrences in the sequence. 'All the world' is enormously common in the writing of the period, 'my all the world' is unique to Shakespeare, and points up the simple romantic phrase in the midst of the difficult language of this poem.
'my steel'd sense': 'steeled' is, when it appears, a military word in Shakespeare, but a transferred sense appears in Measure for Measure (IV ii): 'seldom when/ The steeled gaoler is the friend of men'.
'my Adders sense': editors cite Psalm 58: 'the deaf adder who stoppeth their ears', or see Henry VI Part 2, Act 3 scene 2: 'What! art thou, like the adder, waxen deaf?'. In Troilus and Cressida offers the sentiment that 'pleasure and revenge /
Have ears more deaf than adders to the voice / Of any true decision'.
'Critic', in line 11, is of interest. The OED cites Shakespeare for its first use of the noun, critic, in the 1598 quarto of Loves Labours Lost. However, a double check using the Early English Books Online database will reveal 'critic' entering the language in the 1590s, from 1591, 'a certaine suspicious and suspected Criticke, emulous of their betters credite', and pushed into popularity by satirists like Everard Guilpin and John Marston. 'Critic' is a new word of the 1590s, used by Shakespeare in the pairing with 'flatterer', the latter term being one of very high frequency in the political literature of the period.
The Final Couplet
The Q1609 text reads: 'You are so strongly in my purpose bred, / That all the world besides me thinkes y'are dead'. Malone's emendation, to read 'they are dead', is adopted by Kerrigan 'they're dead' (Penguin text, 1986); Ingram and Redpath read 'they are dead', with an elision marked between 'they' and 'are'; K Duncan Jones in the Arden edition (1997) reads 'me thinks you're dead', and Colin Burrow (New Oxford, 2002), 'me thinks y'are dead'. No scholarly consensus really emerges, but later editors seem to be opting for the 1609 text. Burrow's commentary remarks that 'This almost solipsistic reading of the couplet is contentious, though warranted by a poem in which the poet has sunk themselves into a profound abysm of neglect of others' opinions'.
Structure
Sonnet 112 is an English or Shakespearean sonnet. The English sonnet has three quatrains, followed by a final rhyming couplet. It follows the typical rhyme scheme of the form ABAB CDCD EFEF GG and is composed in iambic pentameter, a type of poetic metre based on five pairs of metrically weak/strong syllabic positions. The 2nd line exemplifies a regular iambic pentameter:
× / × / × / × / × /
Which vulgar scandal stamped upon my brow; (112.2)
/ = ictus, a metrically strong syllabic position. × = nonictus.
The sonnet has a few instances of metrical variations. Lines 5, 12, and 13 have initial reversals, for example:
/ × × / × / × / × /
Mark how with my neglect I do dispense: (112.12)
And lines 6 and 8 potentially exhibit the rightward movement of an ictus (resulting in a four-position figure, × × / /, sometimes referred to as a minor ionic), for example:
× × / / × / × / × /
That my steeled sense or changes right or wrong. (112.8)
The meter demands a few variant pronunciations: the 1st line contains the three-syllable contraction "th'impression" and line 9's "abysm" is two syllables. In line 11, "flatterer stopped" must be 4 syllables; while likely "flatt'rer stoppėd" is intended, it is just possible (if a bit more awkward) to use "flatterer stopt".
Notes
References
British poems
Sonnets by William Shakespeare
Tismana is a town in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It administers ten villages: Celei, Costeni, Gornovița, Isvarna, Pocruia, Racoți, Sohodol, Topești, Vâlcele and Vânăta.
History
During the Byzantine period, Tismana was a major center of hesychasm when Nicodemus of Tismana built a monastery in Tismana during the 1300s.
Demographics
According to census data, Tismana had 7894 people in 2002. By 2011, the population had decreased to 6862.
Notable people
Nicodemus of Tismana ( – 1406)
References
Towns in Romania
Populated places in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Places associated with hesychasm
Botum Sakor () is a district (srok) of Koh Kong Province, in south-western Cambodia. The entire district is to be protected as a national park since 1993.
Administration
See also
Botum Sakor National Park
Notes
Districts of Koh Kong province
The Aero & Tech Nexth (or sometimes Next-H) is an Italian ultralight aircraft designed by Morelli Luca and produced by Aero & Tech of Fossato di Vico. Introduced at the Aero show held in Friedrichshafen in 2011, the aircraft is intended to be supplied as a complete ready-to-fly aircraft.
Design and development
The Nexth complies with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. A later version will comply with US light-sport aircraft rules.
The design features a cantilever mid-wing, two seats in side-by-side configuration, retractable tricycle landing gear made from titanium and a single Rotax 912ULS four cylinder, liquid and air-cooled, four-stroke engine in tractor configuration. Cockpit access is by two gull wing doors hinged at the top. The aircraft was designed to meet aerobatic category requirements, including +9 and -4.5 g.
The aircraft fuselage is an aluminum sheet covered steel space frame, based on Formula One racing construction techniques. Its span wing employs winglets and flaps. Fuel is carried in a single fuselage tank and totals , giving a range of over .
Marino Boric, writing in the World Directory of Leisure Aviation notes that the Nexth fuselage is an unusual multi-faceted shape reminiscent of stealth fighter design. The prototype was painted black, which adds to the resemblance.
Specifications (Nexth)
References
External links
2010s Italian ultralight aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Dr. Yuri Ilichev (Russian: Ильичев Юрий Петрович, Icelandic: Júrí Ilitchev; 8 December 1927 – 10 February 1988) was the coach of the national football teams of Iraq and Iceland.
Little is known about the Soviet trainer, one of only a handful of coaches from the USSR that worked outside the Iron Curtain. The trainer from Moscow held a doctorate in Sports science and was appointed as head coach of Spartak Kostroma in November 1959, and spent six years at the club. It has been reported that they worked in Bulgaria, East Germany and Poland, though they may have worked or taught Physical education at universities in those countries. They spent many years in Iraq and Iceland writing up their thesis on youth players and football, which they published in 1975. Only ten years earlier, they had gained a doctorate in Sports pedagogy.
In 1969, the Iraq Football Association appointed the Soviet trainer as head coach of the Iraq national football team, military team and youth team, and managed some impressive results including the 3–0 thrashing of East Germany's national side by the Iraqi youth team (playing under the name of Baghdad Youth XI) on 12 December 1969 with a hat-trick from young outside right Falih Abid Hajim.
The coach continued to build the national side around their youth team players such as Jalal Abdul Rahman, Rahim Karim, Falah Hassan, and Ali Kadhim, with their influential captain and midfield general Douglas Aziz however after a surprising 1–0 defeat to Lebanon in a 1972 Olympic qualifier in Beirut, the coach's contract with the Iraq FA had finished and they returned to Moscow to work as a scientific worker at the Central State Institute of Physical Culture.
In 1973, after an agreement between the Icelandic and the Soviet consul in Iceland, it was agreed that they would send Dr. Ilichev to coach Valur. In only a couple of years, they managed to form a strong selection however after their contract ended the Soviet authorities did not agree to an extension to remain in Iceland, and they returned to teach Physical Education in Moscow. They returned in 1976 and managed the team for two years before moving to Víkingur until the Soviet authorities called the coach back to Moscow. Their compatriot Yuri Sedov was offered to Víkingur in their place and they went on to win the league title with the club, with the team that Ilichev had built.
They went on to coach both Iceland and the Icelandic youth team from 1978–1979 and Icelandic clubs Valur (1974–1978) and Víkingur (1978–1979)
References
1927 births
1988 deaths
Soviet football managers
Russian football managers
Russian expatriate football managers
Sports scientists
Expatriate football managers in Iceland
Iceland national football team managers
Valur (men's football) managers
Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur managers
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Iraq national football team managers
Sianoa Smit-McPhee is an Australian actor.  They are best known for their years in Australian soap opera Neighbours as Bree Timmins.
Early life
Sianoa Smit-McPhee was born in South Australia. They showed an interest in performing at a very young age, inspired by their father, actor and former professional wrestler Andy McPhee. They were singing, dancing, acting, and modelling by the age of three. When they were seven, they moved to Melbourne with their parents and their younger brother, actor Kodi Smit-McPhee.
Career
Smit-McPhee played Bree Timmins in the long-running Australian TV series Neighbours from 2005 to 2007.
Them next role was in the children's television series As the Bell Rings, which aired on the Disney Channel. In 2007, they appeared as Desma, the lead character in the short fantasy film Hugo. From 2009 to 2011, they starred in the HBO series Hung as Darby Drecker.
In 2012, Smit-McPhee featured in the TV movie American Broadcasting Company's Firelight and the series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. The following year, they starred in All Cheerleaders Die. Smit-McPhee and their husband John Rush, a music producer, also wrote and produced the song “Take a Bite of My Heart”, which was featured in the film and performed by them
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Adelaide
Actresses from Melbourne
Australian expatriates in the United States
Australian child actores
Australian soap opera actores
