The 2009–10 Zimbabwean cricket season consists of international matches played by the Zimbabwe national cricket team as well as Zimbabwean domestic cricket matches under the auspices of Zimbabwe Cricket.
Having been suspended from Test cricket since 2005, Zimbabwe entered the 2009–10 ICC Intercontinental Cup, a first-class cricket competition competed for by the leading non-Test nations. They drew their first match of the competition against Afghanistan, before beating Kenya in their second. In One Day International cricket, Zimbabwe competed in four series, beating Kenya at home, but losing all three series away from home, against Bangladesh, South Africa and the West Indies.
Domestically, a new five-team franchise system was introduced upon the recommendation of the International Cricket Council (ICC). The Logan Cup was won by the Mashonaland Eagles, while both one-day competitions were won by the Mountaineers.
International cricket
2009–10 ICC Intercontinental Cup
Due to their suspension from Test cricket, in place since 2005, Zimbabwe approached the International Cricket Council (ICC) with a proposal to enter a team into the 2009–10 ICC Intercontinental Cup. The competition brings together the leading non-Test cricketing nations, playing each other in four-day first-class fixtures. The two leading teams then contest a final to determine the competition winner. A number of difficulties were admitted by both Zimbabwe Cricket and the ICC. Prominent among these was the fact that a number of the countries already scheduled to take part in the competition "still have serious political reservations over travelling to, and hosting, Zimbabwe." Other issues included whether the competition format would need to be altered to accommodate Zimbabwe, and that it meant in essence that Zimbabwe were admitting they were at a lower level than their Full Member status of the ICC indicated.
The idea was given support from the governing bodies of cricket in Ireland, Scotland and Canada, with the chief executive of Cricket Scotland, Roddy Smith, summing up the mood, "it will give the Associates a chance to play a Full Member whilst giving Zimbabwe competitive cricket." A re-formatting of the Intercontinental Cup took place, and Zimbabwe joined the top division of the competition, into which they elected to enter an 'A' team, Ozias Bvute, Zimbabwe Cricket's chief executive explaining that "it was a chance to give up-and-coming and fringe players exposure to four-day cricket which they would otherwise not get."
First match: Afghanistan
Second match: Kenya
One Day Internationals
Hosting Kenya
After the conclusion of the Intercontinental Cup tie between Zimbabwe XI and Kenya, the touring Kenyans remained in Zimbabwe to contest five One Day Internationals (ODIs) against the host nation. The series came on the back of comments from within Zimbabwean cricket that the country could make a return to Test cricket in the following years, former national captain Alistair Campbell specifying "two or three years" when speaking to BBC World Service earlier in 2009. In their preview of the series, Cricinfo was less positive, describing the series as "a battle between two sides firmly entrenched in the lower levels of one-day international cricket."
Zimbabwe won the five match series 4–1, winning heavily in three of their four victories. The hosts batted first in the opening match, reaching 313 largely due to a career-best score of 156 from Hamilton Masakadza. In reply, Kenya did not form any significant partnerships due to the Zimbabweans bowlers taking regular wickets. Steve Tikolo performed best for the tourists, reaching 49, but they were all out for 222, 91 runs short of Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe batted first again in the second ODI, reaching 263 off their 50 overs, due to an unbeaten 71 from Stuart Matsikenyeri, and 66 from Masakadza. Kenya started well in their reply, with David Obuya scoring rapidly, but they dismissed for 49 by Graeme Cremer, who took their best figures in an ODI, finishing with six wickets. Kenya lost all ten wickets for 177, granting Zimbabwe an 86 run victory.
Kenya won the third match, avoiding a series whitewash with a 20 run victory. Batting first for the first time in the series, they reached 266, with David Obuya and Alex Obanda both passing 50. Ray Price bowled economically for the hosts, conceding 22 runs in their nine overs, but Zimbabwe's reply was shaken early on when Mark Vermeulen and Charles Coventry were both dismissed cheaply. A middle-order partnership between Brendan Taylor and Matsikenyeri looked likely to give Zimbabwe victory, but the pair were out within two overs of each other, Taylor reaching 92. Kenya batted first again in the fourth ODI, and surpassed their total from the previous match, setting Zimbabwe 271 to win. In contrast to the previous match, Zimbabwe "chased down [the] challenging target with ease." Forster Mutizwa top-scored during the reply, making 79, while Vermeulen and Taylor also scored half-centuries. Zimbabwe reached the total with six wickets remaining, securing the series with a match to go. The final match, a dead rubber, gave Zimbabwe their largest win of the series. Batting first, they scored 329, during which Masakadza passed their career-best score from the first ODI to record what was at the time the 11th highest score in ODIs, 178 not out. In reply, Kenya failed to recover after losing early wickets, and were all out for 187.
Touring
The series against Kenya was the only series that Zimbabwe hosted in the 2009–10, the remaining international contests were all tours by Zimbabwe. They played a five match ODI series against Bangladesh, losing the series 4–1, lost both of their two ODIs against South Africa, and then succumbed 4–1 to the West Indies.
Domestic cricket
Logan Cup
Winners Mashonaland Eagles
Faithwear Metbank One-Day Competition
Winner Mountaineers
Stanbic Bank 20 Series
Winner Mountaineers
References
Zimbabwean cricket seasons from 2000–01
Gorst is an English, Welsh, and Jèrriais surname of Norman origin. It may refer to:
Charles Crawford Gorst (1885–1956), American educator and bird-imitator
Derek Gorst (1903–1981), British actor
Eldon Gorst, KCB (1861–1911), Consul-General in Egypt from 1907 to 1911
Ian Gorst (born 1969), the Chief Minister of Jersey
John Eldon Gorst PC, QC, FRS (1835–1916), British lawyer and politician
John Michael Gorst (1928–2010), British Conservative Party politician
Fedor Gorst (born 2000), Russian professional pool player
See also
Gorst, Washington, unincorporated community at the head of Sinclair Inlet in Kitsap County, Washington, United States
Chourst
Corston (disambiguation)
Garst (disambiguation)
Gorstan
vo:Gorst
The USCGC Hickory (WLB-212) is a United States Coast Guard seagoing buoy tender, home-ported in Homer, Alaska. The Hickory serves multiple missions, including aids to navigation, search and rescue, maritime law enforcement, marine environmental protection and homeland security. Because of their service to the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska, the Hickory has earned the nickname "The Kenai Keeper".
External links
CGC Hickory
Kingrey, Julia, (2 January 2008). A day in the life of the U.S. Coast Guard Hickory, Homer Tribune.
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
USCGC Hickory (WLB-212)
Juniper-class seagoing buoy tenders
2003 ships
Ships built by Marinette Marine
The Shaw Report, officially the Report of the Commission on the Palestine Disturbances of August 1929, commonly known as the Shaw Commission, was the result of a British commission of inquiry, led by Sir Walter Shaw, established to investigate the violent rioting in Palestine in late August 1929. The commission's report was issued in March 1930 and led to the establishment of the Hope Simpson Enquiry in May 1930. It concluded that the cause of the rioting was based in Arab fears of continual Jewish immigration and land purchases, particularly resonating from a growing Arab landless class. This was later reiterated in the Hope Simpson Enquiry and subsequent Passfield white paper, both which called for limited Jewish immigration to Palestine.
Overview
The British Commission of Inquiry was chaired by Sir Walter Shaw, a distinguished jurist, and consisting of three members of the British parliament, Sir Henry Betterton (Conservative), R. Hopkin Morris (Liberal) and Henry Snell (Labour). The aim of the Commission was to look into the reasons for the violent rioting in Palestine in late August 1929, which caused the deaths of 243 Jews and Arabs.
The commission of enquiry took public evidence for several weeks, from the first hearing on 25 October to 29 December, hearing 120 witnesses in public testimony, and 20 behind closed doors. Though hearing the claims of both sides, the Commission made its recommendations primarily on the basis of material submitted by Mandatory officials
The Commission addressed two aspects of the disturbances, the immediate nature of the riots and the causes behind them. In the words of Naomi Cohen:-
'Delving beneath the immediate causes – i.e., the Western Wall dispute, inflammatory publications on both sides, the enlargement of the Jewish Agency, inadequate forces to maintain order, the report called attention to the underlying causes of friction in England's wartime pledges and in the anti-Jewish hostility that had resulted from the political and economic frustrations of the Arabs. It went on to criticise the immigration and land-purchase policies that, it said, gave Jews unfair advantages. The commission also recommended that the British take greater care in protecting the rights and understanding the aspirations of the Arabs. The Shaw report was a blow to Zionists everywhere,'
It found that the purchase of lands by Jewish Companies had been legal and fair to the tenants, but, at the same time, concluded that there was substance to the Arab claim that Jewish land purchase did constitute a present danger to the Arabs' national survival, since highly productive land was being bought, suggesting that 'immigrants would not be content to occupy undeveloped areas', with the consequence that 'the economic pressure upon the Arab population was likely to increase'
With regard to the conflict arising from the land settlement and purchase problem, it concluded that 'taking Palestine as a whole, the country cannot support a larger agricultural population than it at present carries unless methods of farming undergo a radical change'.
Conclusions
The conclusions of the Commission, especially regarding the riots themselves, were as follows. [Material not in brackets is verbatim]
The outbreak in Jerusalem on 23 August was from the beginning an attack by Arabs on Jews for which no excuse in the form of earlier murders by Jews has been established.
The outbreak was not premeditated.
[The disturbances] took the form, in the most part, of a vicious attack by Arabs on Jews accompanied by wanton destruction of Jewish property. A general massacre of the Jewish community at Hebron was narrowly averted. In a few instances, Jews attacked Arabs and destroyed Arab property. These attacks, though inexcusable, were in most cases in retaliation for wrongs already committed by Arabs in the neighbourhood in which the Jewish attacks occurred.
The outbreak neither was nor was intended to be a revolt against British authority in Palestine.
In playing the part that they took in the formation of societies for the defence of the Moslem Holy Places and in fostering the activities of such societies when formed, the Mufti was influenced by the twofold desire to confront the Jews and to mobilise Moslem opinion on the issue of the Wailing Wall. They had no intention of utilising this religious campaign as the means of inciting to disorder. Inasmuch as the movement which they in part created became through the force of circumstances a not unimportant factor in the events which led to the outbreak, the Mufti, like many others who directly or indirectly played upon public feeling in Palestine, must accept a share in the responsibility for the disturbances.
...in the matter of innovations of practice [at the Wailing Wall] little blame can be attached to the Mufti in which some Jewish religious authorities also would not have to share.
There is no evidence that the Mufti issued any requests to Moslems in Palestine to come up to Jerusalem on 23 August and no connection has been established between the Mufti and the work of those who either are known or are thought to have engaged in agitation or incitement.
After the disturbances had broken out the Mufti co-operated with the Government in their efforts both to restore peace and to prevent the extension of disorder.
[No blame can be properly attached to the British government for failing to provide armed reinforcements, withholding of fire, and similar charges.]
Jewish enterprise and Jewish immigration, when not in excess of the absorptive capacity of the country, have conferred material benefits upon Palestine in which the Arab people share. We consider, however, that the claims and demands which from the Zionist side have been advanced to the future of Jewish immigration into Palestine have been such as to arouse among the Arabs the apprehensions that they will in time be deprived of their livelihood and pass under the political domination of the Jews.
There is incontestable evidence that in the matter of immigration there has been a serious departure by the Jewish authorities from the doctrine accepted by the Zionist Organization in 1922 that immigration should be regulated by the economic capacity of Palestine to absorb new arrivals.
Between 1921 and 1929 there were large sales of land in consequence of which numbers of Arabs were evicted without the provision of other land for their occupation. ... The position is now acute. There is no alternative land to which persons evicted can remove. In consequence a landless and discontented class is being created. Such a class is a potential danger to the country.
The fundamental cause, without which in our opinion disturbances either would not have occurred or would have been little more than a local riot, is the Arab feeling of animosity and hostility towards the Jews consequent upon the disappointment of their political and national aspirations and fear for their economic future. ... The feeling as it exists today is based on the twofold fear of the Arabs that by Jewish immigration and land purchases they may be deprived of their livelihood and in time pass under the political domination of the Jews.
In our opinion the immediate causes of the outbreak were:-
The long series of incidents connected with the Wailing Wall... These must be regarded as a whole, but the incident among them which in our view contributed most to the outbreak was the Jewish demonstration at the Wailing Wall on 15 August 1929. Next in importance we put the activities of the Society for the Protection of the Moslem Holy Places and, in a lesser degree, of the Pro-Wailing Wall Committee.
Excited and intemperate articles which appeared in some Arabic papers, in one Hebrew daily paper and in a Jewish weekly paper published in English.
Propaganda among the less-educated Arab people of a character calculated to incite them.
The enlargement of the Jewish Agency.
The inadequacy of the military forces and of the reliable police available.
The belief, due largely to a feeling of uncertainty as to policy, that the decisions of the Palestine Government could be influenced by political considerations.
The Commission recommended that the Government reconsider its policies as to Jewish immigration and land sales to Jews. This led directly to the Hope Simpson Royal Commission in 1930.
The main victims of the rioting were Orthodox Jews, however the Orthodox community took a decision to boycott the Commission.
Main recommendations
(i) Their Majesty's government should issue a clear statement of the policy they intend to pursue in Palestine. The value of this statement would be greatly enhanced if it defined the meaning they attached to the passages in the Mandate safeguarding the rights of non-Jewish communities, and if it laid down more explicit directives on such vital issues as land and immigration.
(ii) Immigration policy should be clearly defined, and its administration reviewed "with the object of preventing a repetition of the excessive immigration of 1925 and 1926" Machinery should be devised through which non-Jewish interests could be consulted on the subject of immigration.
(iii) A scientific enquiry should be made into the possibilities of land development in Palestine, having regard to "the certain natural increase in the present rural population." Meanwhile, the "tendency towards the eviction of peasant cultivators from the land should be checked."
(iv) While making no formal recommendations on constitutional development, the commission observed that the difficulties of the administration were greatly aggravated by the absence of any measure of self-government.
See also
Peel Commission, 1937
References
1929 Palestine riots
1930 in Mandatory Palestine
Documents of Mandatory Palestine
The 1898 Duquesne Country and Athletic Club football season was their fourth season in existence. The team finished with a record of 9-0-1. The team was named the top team in western Pennsylvania.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Duquesne Country and Athletic Club
Duquesne Country and Athletic Club seasons
Claudio Sulser (born 8 October 1955 in Lugano, Switzerland) is a retired football striker.
During their club career, Sulser played for FC Mendrisio-Stabio, FC Vevey Sports 05, Grasshoppers Zürich and FC Lugano. They also represented the Swiss national team.
They were the second chairperson of the FIFA Ethics Committee between 2010 and 2012 and therefore was the head of the investigation into the voting scandal haunting the 2018 and 2022 World Cup selections, until the committee was reformed in 2012, being led by jurists from then on.
Honours
Player
Club
Grasshoppers Zürich
Swiss Super League - 1977–78, 1981–82, 1982–83, 1983–84
Swiss Cup - 1982–83
Individual
Swiss Footballer of the Year - 1982
Swiss Super League Top Scorer - 1979/80, 1981/82
UEFA European Cup Top Scorer - 1978–79
External links
FIFA Ethics article
1955 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Switzerland international footballers
Association football forwards
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
UEFA Champions League top scorers
Sportspeople from Lugano
Phlegmasia may refer to:
Inflammation
Either of the following conditions:
Phlegmasia cerulea dolens, an uncommon severe form of deep venous thrombosis.
Phlegmasia alba dolens, resulting in a white appearance of the leg.
Tedesco (or Todesco, or Todisco; plural "Tedeschi") is an Italian word for "German". Etymologically, it derives from Theodiscus, sharing the same root of German "Deutsch", it is derived from “Teutonic”. Both Tedesco and Tedeschi are common surnames among Italians, both in Italy and in the diaspora. The surname and its variants means someone from Germany. The surname is also listed as a common Jewish surname in Italy (like "Deutsch" in Germany). Paul Johnson notes that the 'Natione Tedesca' described Jews of German origin, being among the three Jewish ethnic divisions resident in mid-16th-century Venice.
People
People with the surname Tedesco
Domenico Tedesco (born 1985), German-Italian football manager
Edward Francis Tedesco, American planetary scientist at JPL
Elena Tedesco (born 1991), Nuestra Belleza El Salvador 2009
Francis J. Tedesco (c. born 1943), American medical professor
Giovanni Tedesco (born 1972), Italian footballer, brother of Giacomo
Giacomo Tedesco (born 1976), Italian footballer, brother of Giovanni
James Tedesco (born 1993), Australian-Italian Rugby League player
Johann Paul Schor (1616–1674), Austrian artist, also known as Giovanni Paolo Tedesco
Juan Carlos Tedesco (born 1944), Argentine Minister of Education
Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco (1895–1968), Italian composer
Manoah Leide-Tedesco (1895–1982), Italian composer / conductor
Paola Tedesco (born 1952), Italian actor, daughter of Sergio
Sergio Tedesco (1928–2012), Italian actor / voice actor / tenor, father of Paola
Tommy Tedesco (1930–1997), American musician
People with the surname Tedisco
Jim Tedisco (born 1950), American politician
People with the surname Todisco
Salvatore Todisco (1961–1990), Italian boxer
Settimio Todisco (born 1924), Italian Catholic bishop
See also
Tedesco (disambiguation)
Tedeschi (surname)
Surnames meaning "German" of different origins:
Aleman (Spanish and others)
Douch (English)
Němec (Czech)
Németh (Hungarian)
[
References
Surnames
Italian-language surnames
Italian people of German descent
Ethonymic surnames
Jewish surnames
The Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama is a state-recognized tribe in Alabama and Cherokee heritage group. It is based in northern Alabama and gained state-recognition under the Davis-Strong Act in 1984.
Recognition by an American state government is not the same as recognition on the federal level or recognition by continually existing Indian tribes.
Both the federally recognized Cherokee Nation and Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians oppose federal recognition of the Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama, listing them among "fraudulent groups."
Nonprofit organization
The Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama has a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization headquartered in Falkville, Alabama, and founded in 1995. Its missions are the "Education of general public with regard to Cherokee nation history, culture and background."
Heritage groups
Numerous organizations in the United States identify as having Cherokee heritage but lack documented ancestry or connection to the federally recognized Cherokee Nation, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, or United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians in Oklahoma. Some of these groups have applied for federal recognition but been denied.
History
After the passage of the Indian Removal Act in the 1830, the majority of the Cherokee people were forcibly removed from the Southeastern United States. The approximately 1,000 Cherokee people who remained in the Southeast formed the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and their tribe continues to live in the community known as the Qualla Boundary.
In 1980 a group of people ineligible to enroll in any federally recognized Native American tribe set up a nonprofit heritage club known as "The Echota Cherokee." In 1984, when the Alabama Indian Affairs Commission was established to represent Native American interests in the state, the group attained state recognition. The group is headquartered in Falkville, Alabama.
In 1997 the Echota Cherokee organization reported that they had 22,000 members. Only 21 members participated in the cited survey. They do not state what criteria they use for membership. Their stated accomplishments and goals at this time were that they had elected a council, and hoped to offer "instruction in the Cherokee language through the Alabama public school system."
The Echota Cherokee have a representative on the Alabama Indian Affairs Commission and the Inter-Tribal Council of Alabama's WIA Program, to assist workforce improvement.
Petition for federal recognition
The Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama is not federally recognized as a Native American tribe, nor are they recognized by any of the federally recognized Cherokee communities.
The Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama sent a letter of intent to petition for federal recognition in 2009; however, the organization did not follow through with submitting a completed petition for federal recognition.
See also
Cherokee heritage groups
State-recognized tribes
References
External links
Self-description submitted to Alabama Indian Affairs site
"Echota Cherokee Pow Wow" photos in the Quad Cities Daily
1995 establishments in Alabama
Cherokee heritage groups
Cultural organizations based in Alabama
Non-profit organizations based in Alabama
Native American tribes in Alabama
State-recognized tribes in the United States
Washington County, Alabama
The Melikdom of Kashatagh (Armenian: Քաշաթաղի մելիքություն) was an Armenian melikdom (principality) which existed in the 15th–18th centuries. It was located along the Hakari River, on the southeastern section of the modern border of Armenia and Azerbaijan (approximately corresponds to the Kashatagh region of the Republic of Artsakh). The residences of the Meliks were located in the villages of Kashataghk and Khnatsakh, in the west of the present Lachin District of Azerbaijan and the east of the present Syunik region of Armenia respectively.
History
The Melikdom of Kashatagh was founded at the end of the 15th century by Melik Haykaz I, also the founder of the Melik-Haykazyan dynasty (the youngest branch of the Armenian princely dynasty of Proshyan). Previously, the Kashatagh region was first ruled by the Orbelian family, and then by the Shahurnetsi clan.
According to historical evidence such as the accounts of Arakel of Tabriz, Melik Haykazyan, the first dynastic ruler of the melikdoms of Agachech-Kashatag (1450–1520), made Kashatghk their capital. The whole region was named Kashatagh after this princely residence. The Melik Haykaz Palace was built at the end of the 15th century on an artificial slope surrounded by a fortified wall with towers and gates. Being constructed in 1480, the complex is one of the earliest surviving examples of secular Armenian architecture.
Melik Haykaz I was succeeded by a son, Hakhnazar I. Hakhnazar died in 1551, their grave survived until the 1930s. The palace of Akhnazar in Khnatsakh has survived to this day.
The most prominent member of the dynasty was Melik Haykaz II, who was Melik from 1551 to 1623 and an active supporter of Iran during the Turkish-Persian wars for the possession of Transcaucasia. Arakel of Tabriz mentions them as one of the noble Armenians and advisers at the court of Shah of Iran Abbas I.
According to historian Morus Hasratyan, Haykaz II lived in exile in Iran for 10–15 years due to the Ottoman Empire's brutal policies during the temporary occupation of Transcaucasia in the 1580s or 90s. After the reconquest of the region by Iran in 1606–1607, Haykaz II, as one of the loyal supporters of the Shah, was not only restored to their rights but also received some possessions beyond its borders. A decree (ferman) of Shah Abbas I contains a list of the services provided by the Melik to Iranian authorities. The decree itself has no date, but the date of 999 of the Hijrah (1590/1591) exists on the seal used by Abbas I.
In 1699, Melik Emirbek of Kashatagh, son of Melik Martiros, participated in the Angeghakot Assembly where the Armenian meliks decided to authorize a delegation led by Melik Israel Ori to negotiate with the leaders of European powers such as Peter the Great on the liberation of historic Armenia.
The names of Haykaz I, Hakhnazar I, Haykaz II and their descendants are found in tombstones preserved on gravestones of the 16th – 18th centuries.
On behalf of the Melikdom of Kashatagh, which belonged to the Haykazyan family, a document written in Persian in 1691–92 was preserved. It includes the joint appeal of Melik Hakhnazar and their subordinate village headmen (, ), addressed to the Shah's court. In the document, they appoint as their authorized representatives the son of melik Hakhnazar, Ilyas (Elias), and one of the elders, Hikor, who were supposed to present the problems arising in the region to the Shah's court and defend the interests of the local population.
The names of Melik Hakhnazar and their brother Haykaz (who is also mentioned in the document of 1691/92 as one of the witnesses) are marked in the inscription of 1682 on the facade of the entrance to the Church of the Holy Virgin in the village of Mirik of the Kashatagh region.
Demise
The Kashatagh Melikdom fell in the early 1730s. This began the onward demise of the Armenian population in the region as persecution of Armenians increased due to lack of self determination and Kurdish tribes were moved into the region from Iran as part of the resettlement policies of Shah Abbas I to fortify the borders of the Safavid Empire. It was later included in the Karabakh Khanate. Following the Russo-Persian Wars, this area would then become part of the Zangezur Uyezd of the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire. By the time the Russians arrived, the indigenous Armenians of the region only had a significant population left in Lachin.
However, the Lachin villages were also subsequently abandoned by their Armenian population and the area became part of Red Kurdistan until 1929. Starting in the 1930s, this area was administered as a part of Soviet Azerbaijan until the First Nagorno-Karabakh War when Armenia occupied the region until the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh War when it was returned to Azerbaijan.
Legacy
Kashatagh is home to 30 churches and chapels built between the 4th century and the beginning of the 18th century. Tsitsernavank Monastery is an example of Armenian Culture in the region. There are numerous Khachkars, palaces, and Armenian tombstones in the region which were left behind by the melikdom.
See also
Melikdoms of Karabakh
References
Armenian principalities
Armenian Highlands
States and territories established in the 1470s
States and territories disestablished in the 1730s
Armenian kingdoms
Vedat Tutuk (born 5 October 1963) is a Turkish boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Turkish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Turkey
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in boxing
Competitors at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Bantamweight boxers
The Mancos High School, at 350 Grand Ave. in Mancos, Colorado, was built in 1909.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
It is built of sandstone blocks cut by local people. It was expanded and renovated in 1954 at cost of $140,000. A second major renovation was completed in 2020.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Montezuma County, Colorado
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Colonial Revival architecture in Colorado
School buildings completed in 1909
High schools in Colorado
1909 establishments in Colorado
David Ryan (born c. 1946) is a Canadian politician.  They are currently the mayor of Pickering, Ontario, and is the longest serving mayor of the city. As mayor, they also sit on Durham Regional Council.
Ryan moved to Pickering in 1985. They worked in general business and management at IBM for 33 years before retiring to run for mayor of Pickering in 2003.
Ryan was elected to Pickering City Council for the first time in 1994. Ryan ran for the Ontario Liberal Party in the riding of Pickering—Ajax—Uxbridge in the 1999 Ontario general election, but lost to Progressive Conservative Janet Ecker by nearly 12,000 votes.
After mayor Wayne Arthurs retired in 2003, Ryan ran against regional councillor Doug Dickerson for mayor of the city. The main issue of the race was over the development of the Duffins Rouge Agricultural Preserve, with Ryan supporting development and Dickerson opposing. Ryan defeated Dickerson by nearly 3,000 votes.
Promising to attract more business development to the city, and building infrastructure to the proposed community of Seaton, Ryan defeated John Newell by over 7,000 votes in the 2006 municipal elections. Newell ran on a campaign focused on the environment and against developer influence.
The 2010 mayoral election was especially heated, as Ryan ran against former regional councillor Maurice Brenner, who had filed a multi-million-dollar lawsuit against Ryan in 2009, citing allegations of fraud against them destroyed their political career. Brenner dropped the lawsuit during the campaign, as they felt their reputation was intact. Ryan ended up defeating Brenner by 1,700 votes.
Ryan and Brenner faced off again in the 2014 mayoral election. Ryan ran on a campaign of jobs, transportation and health care, highlighting the city attracting new companies like Search Engine People and expansion of companies like Eco-Tec and Purdue Pharma. They supported building a new hospital in the city, and getting more assistance from other levels of government for infrastructure, like the building of the harbour entrance. They also wanted to bring an arts centre, hotel and convention centre to the city, and expanded services for seniors. In the 2014 election, Ryan easily defeated Brenner by over 7,000 votes.
in the 2018 mayoral election, Ryan faced off against former city councillor an perennial New Democratic Party candidate Eileen Hidgdon. Ryan easily won the race by over 9,000 votes. Job creation, economic development and affordable housing were the main issues of the campaign. Ryan supported building a new airport in the area.
In 2020, Ryan had to take a leave of absence due to a double lung transplant, following a diagnosis of Interstitial Lung Disease.
One of the major projects being undertaken during their mayoralty is the construction of the Pickering City Centre project. During the COVID-19 pandemic in Ontario, Ryan made news for asking Torontonians to avoid travelling to next-door Durham Region (which includes Pickering) to avoid COVID restrictions in that city. They also denounced a car rally in May 2021 that drew hundreds of people to parking lot in the city, despite provincial COVID restrictions.
In 2021, they also called for a pause on "any immediate disruption" for a proposed Amazon distribution centre at the Duffins Creek wetland.
References
Living people
Mayors of places in Ontario
IBM employees
People from Pickering, Ontario
21st-century Canadian politicians
20th-century Canadian politicians
Ontario Liberal Party candidates in Ontario provincial elections
1940s births
the Lords of Robecque, (Robecq) belonged to the Feudal Belgian nobility, Robecque is in Artois, now France.
List of Lords of Robecque
Antoinette the Saveuse, Dame of Robecq;married to Charles of Hallewyn.
Margereth of Halewyn, Lady of Robecq;married to Louis of Yves.
Jacqueline of Yves, Lady of Robecq;Married to John IV of Saint-Omer
House of Saint-Omer
John IV of Saint-Omer;married to Jacqueline of Yves, lady of Robecque.
Louis of Saint-Omer, Lord of Robecque.
Robert of Saint-Omer, 1st Baron of Robecque; died 1617; without heirs.
John V of Saint-Omer, 2nd Baron of Robecque
House of Montmorency
Louis of Montmorency, Lord of Beuvry killed in 1585 Ostend.married to Jeanne de Saint-Omer, Lady of Robecque.
François of Montmorency, 4th Baron of Robecque.
Jean of Montmorency, 1st Prince of Robecque; died 1631, Knight of the Golden Fleece.married to Madeleine de Lens.
Eugène of Montmorency, 2nd Prince of Robecque: died 1683, Knight of the Golden Fleece.Married to Marguerite of Arenberg.
Philippe of Montmorency, 3rd Prince of Robecque: died 1691married to Philippine of Croy.
Charles of Montmorency, 4th Prince of Robecque:married to Isabelle of Croy. No heirs.
Anne I Auguste of Montmorency, 5th prince of Robecque;married to Catherine du Bellay.
Anne II Louis of Montmorency, 6th prince of Robecque
Anne III Louis of Montmorency, 7th prince of Robecque
Gaston of Montmorency, 8th prince of Robecque
Anne Charlotte of Montmorency;married to Emmanuel de Cossé, Count of Brissac
House of Cosse Brissac
Emmanuel de Cossé-Brissac, prince of Robecque (1793–1870),
Henri de Cossé-Brissac, Prince of Robecque (1822–1887)
Louis-Henri de Cossé-Brissac, Prince of Robecque (1852–1925),
Marie-Jeanne de Cossé-Brissac (1884–1951);married to Guy de Lévis-Mirepoix (1879–1940)
Emmanuel de Lévis-Mirepoix, Prince of Robecque (1909–1951)
Guy-Emmanuel de Lévis-Mirepoix, Prince of Robecque(* 1947)
References
Rob
Robecque
Saint Omer family
Lists of Belgian nobility
Nobility of the Spanish Netherlands
Belinda Aquino, Ph.D., is an academic, author, and civil and women's rights activist best known for having founded the Center for Philippine Studies at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, and for being one the United States' most prominent experts in the field of Philippine politics, power, and culture.
Although not related to prominent Marcos critic Benigno Aquino Jr., Aquino's stance on women's empowerment as a community development worker in the 1970s, which included promoting the use of birth control and encouraging women to find employment instead of being housewives, and them being outspoken on the human rights abuses of the Marcos dictatorship led to them being put on the Marcos administration's watchlist while they were earning their Ph.D. in Political Science at Cornell University. It became too dangerous for them to go home to the Philippines, and so they eventually began teaching at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa.
I books on the ill-gotten wealth of Ferdinand Marcos, including "Politics of plunder: the Philippines under Marcos" (1987) and "The Transnational Dynamics of the Marcos Plunder" (1999) became important texts on the unexplained wealth of the Marcos family.
See also
Jovito Salonga
Martial law under Ferdinand Marcos
References
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Stefan Marinović may refer to:
Stefan Marinović (printer), 16th century Serb printer
Stefan Marinović (footballer), New Zealand football goalkeeper
Marxism: An Historical and Critical Study (1961; second edition 1964) is a book by the socialist intellectual George Lichtheim, in which the author provides a study of the development of Marxism from its origins to 1917. It has been seen as a classic work.
Publication history
Marxism: An Historical and Critical Study was first published in 1961 by Routledge & Kegan Paul Ltd. In 1964, it was published in a revised second edition.
Reception
Marxism: An Historical and Critical Study has been praised by authors such as the historian Peter Gay, the political scientist David McLellan, the political theorist Terrell Carver, and the historian of science Roger Smith. Gay described the book as one of the best discussions of alienation in the literature on Marx and Hegel. Carver identified the work as a classic. Smith wrote that "though sometimes criticized in detail", the work helps locate Marx "in the left political movements of the nineteenth century".
See also
Karl Marx: Their Life and Environment
Karl Marx: Their Life and Thought
References
Bibliography
Books
1961 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
Books by George Lichtheim
Contemporary philosophical literature
English-language books
Marxist books
Routledge books
If You Can't Beat 'Em, Bite 'Em is the third album by Weird War.
Track listing
"Intro (Music for Masturbation)" − 1:42
"Grand Fraud" − 3:24
"Tess" − 3:00
"If You Can't Beat 'Em, Bite 'Em" − 3:58
vocals by Jennifer Herrema (as "JJ Rox")
"Moment in Time" − 4:38
"Store Bought Pot" − 4:22
"AK-47" − 3:43
"N.D.S.P." − 4:34
"Chemical Rank" − 3:39
"Lickin' Stick" − 3:43
piano by Azita
"One by One" − 4:18
References
2004 albums
Weird War albums
Drag City (record label) albums
The Nantuates or Nantuatae (Gaulish: Nantuatis, 'those of the valley') were a Gallic tribe dwelling around present-day Massongex, in the modern Canton of Valais (Switzerland) and adjacent areas of France, during the Iron Age and the Roman period.
Along with the Veragri, Seduni and Uberi, they were part of the Vallenses, a group of tribes living between Lake Geneva and the Pennine Alps.
Name
They are mentioned as Nantuates (var. nantuatis, antuatis), Nantuatibus and Nantuatium by Caesar (mid-1st c. BC), Nantuates by Pliny (1st c. AD), Nantoua͂tai (Ναντουᾶται) by Strabo (early 1st c. AD), and as Nantuani on the Tabula Peutingeriana (5th c. AD).
The Gaulish ethnonym Nantuates literally means 'those of the valley', that is 'the people of the valley'. It derives from the stem nantu- ('valley, stream'; cf. Middle Welsh nant 'valley, water-course, stream', Old Cornish nans 'vallis') extended by the suffix -ates ('belonging to').
The modern town of Nantua is named after the tribe.
Geography
The Nantuates dwelled in the upper Rhône valley, between Lake Geneva and Saint-Maurice, near the Great St Bernard Pass trade route, where they organized trade between Lake Geneva and the Italian Peninsula. Their territory was located northeast of the Allobroges, north of the Veragri, east of the Seduni, and south of the Helvetii.
After the Roman conquered the region in 16–15 BC, their territory was initially administered in common with the province of Raetia et Vindelicia under a legatus, when they had their own civitas within the administrative region of Vallis Poenina. Their political role declined following their integration into the Alpes Graiae et Poeninae by Claudius (41–54 AD), with the creation of a single civitas (civitas Vallensium) shared with the other Vallensian tribes.
Their pre-Roman chief town, known as Tarnaiae (modern Massongex), was occupied since at least 50 BC. Named after the Celtic god Taranis, it probably hosted a sanctuary dedicated to the deity, later identified with Jupiter in Roman times through interpretatio romana. The city flourished in the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, with thermal baths, warehouses, and numerous workshops and shops.
History
They are mentioned by Pliny the Elder as one of the Alpine tribes conquered by Rome in 16–15 BC, and whose name was engraved on the Tropaeum Alpium.
References
Primary sources
Bibliography
Historical Celtic peoples
Gauls
Tribes of pre-Roman Gaul
Ancient Switzerland
History of Valais
Bing Lee is an Australian retailing company, a chain of superstores specialising in consumer electronics, computer and telecommunication goods. Bing Lee is the largest privately held electrical retail business in New South Wales with 41 stores (13 franchised) and a turnover of about $490 million.
History
The business began when Bing Lee (Chinese: 李冰, Pinyin: lǐ bīng) purchased an electrical repair business in Fairfield, New South Wales, in 1957. Lee, along with their son Ken Lee & Cedric Lee (Chinese: 李光裕, Pinyin: lǐ guāng yù), transformed the repair business into an electrical product retail and repair/installation business named Bing Lee Electronics (Chinese: 并力电器, Pinyin: bìng lì diàn qì). Initial growth came from the surge in demand for televisions, as well as a host of other household items like washing machines, cooking equipment, heaters and audio equipment. Bing Lee was a member of Retravision NSW for a number of years before leaving and joining the Narta Group. Bing Lee opened new stores in other Sydney suburbs and across New South Wales.
Founder Bing Lee died in 1987 (aged 79) and Ken Lee was appointed Chairman. Ken Lee died on 21 December 2007 of cancer (aged 75). Their eldest son Lionel Lee took over as chief executive of the company.
Today, 16 of the 40 Bing Lee retail outlets are run by franchisees after franchising was introduced within the business in the early 2000s. Bing Lee has also held the management rights to the "Sony Centre" concept in NSW and the ACT, later closing those stores.
Sponsorships
Bing Lee has sponsored several Australian sports teams - including Sydney FC, Sydney Swans, and the Bulldogs (until allegations of player involvement in sexual assaults).
They also sponsored Seven Network's The Amazing Race Australia.
References
External links
Consumer electronics retailers of Australia
Retail companies established in 1957
Companies based in Sydney
Australian companies established in 1957
Ludim is the Hebrew term for a people mentioned in Jeremiah and Ezekiel. In the Biblical Table of Nations Genesis 10:13 they were descended from Mizraim. The biblical scholar Victor P. Hamilton believes that the available evidence "suggests" that the Ludim are the Lydians.
According to Josephus, their land was in Libya which was west of Egypt near the tribes of Phut in the land of the Moors towards the extreme west of Africa and the Atlantic Ocean. Pliny in their natural history mentions the river Laud along south of the Atlas mountains near the river Fut (Phut). Medieval biblical exegete Saadia Gaon, identifies the Ludim with Tanisiin, and which R. Yosef Qafih thought may have been referring to the inhabitants of Tunis.
These Ludim should not be confused with another group who were said to descend from Lud, son of Shem, son of Noah.
Ludim is sometimes thought to be a scribal error for Lubim, in reference to Libyans.
References
Lydia
Hebrew Bible places
Hebrew Bible nations
Noach (parashah)
Mizraim
Book of Jeremiah
Book of Ezekiel
Book of Genesis
Timothy Bain (born 13 June 1978) is an Australian writer.  They are known for writing comedy, children's and animated series for television and as the creator and co-executive producer of ABC Kids' action-comedy series Kangaroo Beach.
Bain has also written for comedy series including Aardman Animations Epic Adventures of Morph, The Rubbish World of Dave Spud, Rove and The Wedge. Their children's series credits include PJ Masks, Bluey, Bob the Builder, Fireman Sam, Go Jetters, Counterfeit Cat, Boyster, Tooned 50, Digby Dragon, Dennis the Menace and Gnasher, Bottersnikes and Gumbles, The New Adventures of Figaro Pho, Kuu Kuu Harajuku, Winston Steinburger and Sir Dudley Ding-Dong and Get Ace.
Acting
Bain has voiced characters in Go Jetters and in Thomas & Friends series 22–24, playing a variety of humans, trains and buses.
Awards
Bain won Best Children's Episode at the British Writers Guild Awards 2018 and Best Animation at the Australian Writers Guild Awards 2017 for their Counterfeit Cat script "Room of Panic".
Tooned 50, starring the voices of Alexander Armstrong and Brian Cox, and Formula-1 champions Jenson Button, Emerson Fittipaldi, Mika Häkkinen and Alain Prost, won a Gold Eurobest Award in 2013 and a Gold Lovie Award.
Musicals
Bain has written several high school musical-comedies, You're History!, Lucky, RetroActive and High School Spoof-ical. They are published by Maverick Musicals and have been performed across Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom, the United States, Japan and South Africa.
Short films
Bain's short animated films Arctic Adventure (2000) and Kidd Kelly (2003) featured the voices of Eric Bana, Sigrid Thornton, John Clarke, Angus Sampson, Dave Hughes, Kim Gyngell and Judith Lucy. They have screened at festivals including the St Kilda Film Festival, Melbourne International Comedy Festival, Melbourne International Animation Festival and the Massachusetts Children's Film Festival.
References
External links
Official website
Kangaroo Beach website
1978 births
Australian children's writers
Writers from Melbourne
Living people
Hadrianopolis () was a town of ancient Macedonia.
Its site is located near Adriani in Greece.
References
Populated places in ancient Macedonia
Former populated places in Greece
Hadrian
In computer science, Hirschberg's algorithm, named after its inventor, Dan Hirschberg, is a dynamic programming algorithm that finds the optimal sequence alignment between two strings. Optimality is measured with the Levenshtein distance, defined to be the sum of the costs of insertions, replacements, deletions, and null actions needed to change one string into the other. Hirschberg's algorithm is simply described as a more space-efficient version of the Needleman–Wunsch algorithm that uses divide and conquer. Hirschberg's algorithm is commonly used in computational biology to find maximal global alignments of DNA and protein sequences.
Algorithm information
Hirschberg's algorithm is a generally applicable algorithm for optimal sequence alignment. BLAST and FASTA are suboptimal heuristics. If x and y are strings, where length(x) = n and length(y) = m, the Needleman–Wunsch algorithm finds an optimal alignment in O(nm) time, using O(nm) space. Hirschberg's algorithm is a clever modification of the Needleman–Wunsch Algorithm, which still takes O(nm) time, but needs only O(min{n, m}) space and is much faster in practice.
One application of the algorithm is finding sequence alignments of DNA or protein sequences. It is also a space-efficient way to calculate the longest common subsequence between two sets of data such as with the common diff tool.
The Hirschberg algorithm can be derived from the Needleman–Wunsch algorithm by observing that:
one can compute the optimal alignment score by only storing the current and previous row of the Needleman–Wunsch score matrix;
if is the optimal alignment of , and is an arbitrary partition of , there exists a partition of such that .
Algorithm description
denotes the i-th character of , where . denotes a substring of size , ranging from the i-th to the j-th character of . is the reversed version of .
and are sequences to be aligned. Let be a character from , and be a character from . We assume that , and are well defined integer-valued functions. These functions represent the cost of deleting , inserting , and replacing with , respectively.
We define , which returns the last line of the Needleman–Wunsch score matrix :
function NWScore(X, Y)
Score(0, 0) = 0 // 2 * (length(Y) + 1) array
for j = 1 to length(Y)
Score(0, j) = Score(0, j - 1) + Ins(Yj)
for i = 1 to length(X) // Init array
Score(1, 0) = Score(0, 0) + Del(Xi)
for j = 1 to length(Y)
scoreSub = Score(0, j - 1) + Sub(Xi, Yj)
scoreDel = Score(0, j) + Del(Xi)
scoreIns = Score(1, j - 1) + Ins(Yj)
Score(1, j) = max(scoreSub, scoreDel, scoreIns)
end
// Copy Score[1] to Score[0]
Score(0, :) = Score(1, :)
end
for j = 0 to length(Y)
LastLine(j) = Score(1, j)
return LastLine
Note that at any point, only requires the two most recent rows of the score matrix. Thus, is implemented in space.
The Hirschberg algorithm follows:
function Hirschberg(X, Y)
Z = ""
W = ""
if length(X) == 0
for i = 1 to length(Y)
Z = Z + '-'
W = W + Yi
end
else if length(Y) == 0
for i = 1 to length(X)
Z = Z + Xi
W = W + '-'
end
else if length(X) == 1 or length(Y) == 1
(Z, W) = NeedlemanWunsch(X, Y)
else
xlen = length(X)
xmid = length(X) / 2
ylen = length(Y)
ScoreL = NWScore(X1:xmid, Y)
ScoreR = NWScore(rev(Xxmid+1:xlen), rev(Y))
ymid = arg max ScoreL + rev(ScoreR)
(Z,W) = Hirschberg(X1:xmid, y1:ymid) + Hirschberg(Xxmid+1:xlen, Yymid+1:ylen)
end
return (Z, W)
In the context of observation (2), assume that is a partition of . Index is computed such that and .
Example
Let
The optimal alignment is given by
W = AGTACGCA
Z = --TATGC-
Indeed, this can be verified by backtracking its corresponding Needleman–Wunsch matrix:
T A T G C
0 -2 -4 -6 -8 -10
A -2 -1 0 -2 -4 -6
G -4 -3 -2 -1 0 -2
T -6 -2 -4 0 -2 -1
A -8 -4 0 -2 -1 -3
C -10 -6 -2 -1 -3 1
G -12 -8 -4 -3 1 -1
C -14 -10 -6 -5 -1 3
A -16 -12 -8 -7 -3 1
One starts with the top level call to , which splits the first argument in half: . The call to produces the following matrix:
T A T G C
0 -2 -4 -6 -8 -10
A -2 -1 0 -2 -4 -6
G -4 -3 -2 -1 0 -2
T -6 -2 -4 0 -2 -1
A -8 -4 0 -2 -1 -3
Likewise, generates the following matrix:
C G T A T
0 -2 -4 -6 -8 -10
A -2 -1 -3 -5 -4 -6
C -4 0 -2 -4 -6 -5
G -6 -2 2 0 -2 -4
C -8 -4 0 1 -1 -3
Their last lines (after reversing the latter) and sum of those are respectively
ScoreL = [ -8 -4 0 -2 -1 -3 ]
rev(ScoreR) = [ -3 -1 1 0 -4 -8 ]
Sum = [-11 -5 1 -2 -5 -11]
The maximum (shown in bold) appears at ymid = 2, producing the partition .
The entire Hirschberg recursion (which we omit for brevity) produces the following tree:
(AGTACGCA,TATGC)
/ \
(AGTA,TA) (CGCA,TGC)
/ \ / \
(AG, ) (TA,TA) (CG,TG) (CA,C)
/ \ / \
(T,T) (A,A) (C,T) (G,G)
The leaves of the tree contain the optimal alignment.
See also
Longest common subsequence
References
Sequence alignment algorithms
Bioinformatics algorithms
Articles with example pseudocode
Dynamic programming
The Bromley Borough Libraries Service consists the libraries service for the London Borough of Bromley. The service consists of 14 public libraries, currently operated by social non-profit Greenwich Leisure Limited under their trademark Better, who also manage the volunteer-run home libraries service.
The libraries
Bromley Borough contains 14 libraries, not including the home libraries service:
Bromley Central Library (also known as simply "Bromley" Library)
Beckenham Library
Orpington Library
Petts Wood Library
Penge Library
Chislehurst Library
Biggin Hill Memorial Library and Pool
West Wickham Library
Shortlands Library
Burnt Ash Library
Hayes Library
Mottingham Library
St Paul's Cray Library
Southborough Library
Services outsourcing
Prior to 2017, the Bromley libraries were directly administered by the local council.
In 2015, it was announced that due to council budget cuts, plans were under consideration to transition several of the libraries from a council-staffed to a volunteer-run model. The affected "smaller" libraries consisted Burnt Ash, Hayes, Mottingham, Shortlands, Southborough and St Paul's Cray under these plans. The larger libraries and core services were also being considered for outsourcing. These privatization plans triggered criticism and strike action from current Bromley libraries staff in 2016.
In July 2017, Bromley council announced that Greenwich Leisure Ltd. had been awarded a ten-year contract to operate the libraries service in cooperation with the council, and would take control of all library services as opposed to the split model proposed in the 2015 plans. This handover came into effect in November 2017, and also resulted in the departure of Bromley's libraries from the London Libraries Consortium, ending cross-borrowing with other London boroughs in the LLC.
Following the handover to Greenwich Leisure Ltd., a dispute with former council staff over pay resulted in strike action from the union Unite, amid broader criticism of the council's privatization policies. The strike action began on March 28 of 2018, and involved 36 workers, ending in April after three weeks when a new agreement was reached between staff and Greenwich Leisure Ltd.
References
Public libraries in London
Giorgio Giudici (born 29 May 1945) is a Swiss architect and politician. They were mayor of Lugano from 1984 to 2013. Their political party is the Partito liberale radicale svizzero (PLR).
References
Mayors of places in Switzerland
Living people
People from Lugano
1945 births
Corrhenodes marmoratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1973.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1973
Of Faith, Power and Glory is the seventh studio album the German-based alternative electronic band VNV Nation, released on 19 June 2009. As quoted by VNV Nation, it is "soulful and anthemic but yet raw and uncompromising at some points"
It spent two weeks in the mainstream German Media Control charts, peaking at No. 41, and appeared on several Billboard charts in the US.
Track listing
Charts
Notes
-The track Art of Conflict has lyrics from the Art of War by Sun Tzu.
References
2009 albums
VNV Nation albums
Alexander Nikolaiyevich Drozdetsky also known as Aleksandr Drozdetsky (; born 10 November 1981), is a Russian former professional ice hockey player. They played 14 seasons primarily in the Russian Superleague (RSL) and Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career
Drozdetsky was selected by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 3rd round (94th overall) of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Inge Hammarström, the Flyers' chief European scout at the time and who had in previous drafts successfully lobbied for the Flyers to select Peter Forsberg, Mikael Renberg, Dmitri Yushkevich, and Janne Niinimaa, likened Drozdetsky to a young Igor Larionov and predicted they would be playing for the Flyers within two years.
Career statistics
References
External links
1981 births
Avangard Omsk players
Ak Bars Kazan players
Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg players
HC CSKA Moscow players
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
HC Spartak Moscow players
Living people
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Russian ice hockey right wingers
Severstal Cherepovets players
SKA Saint Petersburg players
Miss Europe 1992 was the 47th edition of the Miss Europe pageant and the 36th edition under the Mondial Events Organization. It was held in Athens, Greece on June 15, 1992. Marina Tsintikidou of Greece, was crowned Miss Europe 1992 by out going titleholder Katerina Michalopoulou of Greece.
Results
Placements
Contestants
- Valbona Selimllari
- Karin Friedl
- Sandra Joine
- Glina Velitchkova
- Yiota Koufalidou (Giota Koufalidou)
- Pavlína Babůrková
- Joanne Elizabeth Lewis
- Ekha Urbsalu
- Kirsi-Mari Ketola (Kirsi-Maria Ketola)
- Linda Hardy
- Meike Schwarz (Maike Schwartz)
- Marina Tsintikidou
- Mariëlle Pontier
- Orsolya Anna Michna (Michna Orsolya)
- Heiðrún Anna Björnsdóttir
- Tara McDonald
- Ravit Kanfi
- Rosangela Bessi
- Rasa Kukenytė
- Carole Reding
- Karin Demicoli
- Rita Omvik
- Jana Fabian
- Maria Fernanda Silva
- Liliana Les
- Anna Portnaya
- Katrina Lyall
- Sofia Mazagatos
- Jeannette Lindstroem (Jeannette Lindström)
- Sandra Aegerter
- Banu Sağnak
- Sharon Isherwood
Notes
Withdrawals
Debuts
Debuts/Returns
- Was represented in the pageant as Russia/USSR back in 1929 and the 1930s. This is the first time Russia is competing as its own country.
Returns
"Comité Officiel et International Miss Europe" Competition
From 1951 to 2002 there was a rival Miss Europe competition organized by the "Comité Officiel et International Miss Europe". This was founded in 1950 by Jean Raibaut in Paris, the headquarters later moved to Marseille. The winners wore different titles like Miss Europe, Miss Europa or Miss Europe International.
On September 27, 1992, an unofficial Miss Europe competition took place in Catania, Sicily, Italy. There were at least 12 entrants in the pageant. At the end, Yolanda Marcos Gonzales of Spain was crowned as Miss Europa 1992. succeeded predecessor Sandrina Rossi of France.
Placements
Contestants
- Nathalie De Cuyper
- Mette Friis-Mikkelsen
- Emma Ashby
- Anne Jandera
- Caren Buffor
- Elena Liafou
- Wendy Niesthoven
- Camilla Conolly Carew
- Tatiana Zaghet
- Nathalie Quiring
- Susanna Silva
- Yolanda Marcos Gonzales
References
External links
Miss Europe
1992 beauty pageants
1992 in Greece
1992 in Italy
Hinsdale County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 788, making it the second-least populous county in Colorado. With a population density of only , it is also the least-densely populated county in Colorado. The county seat and only incorporated municipality in the county is Lake City. The county is named for George A. Hinsdale, a prominent pioneer and former Lieut. Governor of Colorado Territory.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Hinsdale County is one of the most remote counties in Colorado and the United States. The county is covered by mountains, including multiple fourteeners, and contains one of the largest roadless areas in the country. The continental divide crosses the county twice. Most of the county is divided among several different national forests and the Weminuche Wilderness area.
Adjacent counties
Gunnison – north
Saguache – northeast
Mineral – east
Archuleta – southeast
La Plata – southwest
San Juan – west
Ouray – northwest
Major Highways
State Highway 149
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 790 people, 359 households, and 246 families living in the county. The population density was 0.7 people per square mile (0.3/km2). There were 1,304 housing units at an average density of 1.2 per square mile (0.5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.34% White, 1.52% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.38% from other races, and 0.51% from two or more races. 1.52% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 359 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were married couples living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.6.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.9 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,279, and the median income for a family was $42,159. Males had a median income of $26,210 versus $23,750 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,360. About 4.5% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under age 18 and 2.2% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Republican presidential nominees have carried Hinsdale County since Franklin Delano Roosevelt defeated Alf Landon by eight votes in 1936. Along with Elbert County and Washington County it was one of three Colorado counties to vote for Barry Goldwater over Lyndon Johnson in 1964. In 2020, Joe Biden received the highest vote share for a Democrat since Johnson, and became the third Democrat since 1940 to breach 40% of the vote.
The last Democrat to carry Hinsdale County in a statewide election was John Hickenlooper in the 2010 gubernatorial contest, and the only other case since at least 1980 have been Democratic senator Ben “Nighthorse” Campbell, who was later to shift to the Republican Party, in 1992, alongside popular Governor Roy Romer, who carried all but three counties statewide, in 1990.
2020 County Wide Election Results
Recreation
National forests
Gunnison National Forest
Rio Grande National Forest
San Juan National Forest
Uncompahgre National Forest
National wilderness areas
La Garita Wilderness
Powderhorn Wilderness
Uncompahgre Wilderness
Weminuche Wilderness
Trails
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
West Lost Trail Creek National Recreation Trail
Scenic byways
Alpine Loop National Scenic Back Country Byway
Silver Thread Scenic Byway
Communities
Town
Lake City
Census-designated places
Cathedral
Piedra
Ghost towns
Beartown
Burrows Park
Capitol City
Carson
Henson
Old Carson
Education
School districts include:
Hinsdale County School District RE-1
Archuleta County School District 50-JT
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hinsdale County, Colorado
References
External links
Official Tourism website for Lake City Hinsdale County Marketing Committee and Chamber of Commerce
Hinsdale County and Lake City Museum
Lake City Downtown Improvement and Revitalization Team (Official Main Street Program)
Lake City Area Medical Center
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1874 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1874
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1990.
Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and GIF Sundsvall and BK Häcken won the championship.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 1 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Nor Shirakan (), Parskahayk () or Persarmenia, was the seventh province of the ancient kingdom of Armenia, situated on the western shore of Lake Urmia, bordered on Adiabene and Atropatene, now in northwestern Iran. Following the partition of Greater Armenia between the Roman Empire and Sassanid Empire in 387, the territory under Sassanid influence came to be known as Persarmenia. The region of Arzanene, traditionally part of Lesser Armenia, also became part of Persarmenia.
Zarehavan was the centre of the province.
Persarmenia had nine cantons:
Zaravand
Hér
Arna
Zarehavan
Tamber
Trabi
Ayli (Kurijan)
Mari
Arisi
See also
List of regions of old Armenia
References
Bibliography
Thadeus Hakobyan, Armenian Historic Geography, Yerewan, 2007 (Arm.). Թադևոս (Թադիկ) Հակոբյան, Հայաստանի պատմական աշխարհագրություն, Երևան, 2007:
Armenian National Atlas, Vol. 2, Yerewan, 2008 (Arm.). Հայաստանի Ազգային Ատլաս, հատոր Բ, Երևան, 2008:
The Dictionary of the toponyms of Armenia and the adjacent regions, Vol. 1-5, Yerewan, 1986-2001 (Arm.). Հայաստանի և հարակից շրջանների տեղանունների բառարան, հատոր 1-5, Երևան, 1986-2001:
External links
The map of Province Parskahayq (Nor Shirakan).
Provinces of the Kingdom of Armenia (antiquity)
History of West Azerbaijan Province
Mount Regulator () is a mountain, 655 m, standing 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) west of Right Whale Bay on the north side of South Georgia. Surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951–57, and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for the Regulator. The Regulator was an American sealing ship that was wrecked during the 1799–1800 season. The crew was rescued by an unknown British sealing ship. Captain Edmund Fanning of New York returned during the next season and found deserted shelters at Right Whale Bay, built by the crew of the Regulator before their rescue.
References
Regulator, Mount
Monir Khan is a Bangladeshi singer. In their career they have released 42 solo albums and more than 300 duet and mixed albums. They have won Bangladesh National Film Awards for three times as the Best Male Playback Singer for their performance in the films Premer Taj Mahal (2001), Laal Doriya (2002) and Dui Noyoner Alo (2005).
Early life
Monir Khan was born on 1 August 1972 in a renowned Muslim family of Madanpur village of Maheshpur upazila of Jhenaidah district. Their father Mohammad Mahbub Ali Khan is a retired school teacher and mother Most. Monwara Khatun is a Housewife. Among one sister and four brothers Monir Khan is II and first among the brothers.
Monir Khan's education was started in their village primary school. Later they studied in Hakimpur High School and later in Narayanpur Baharam Uddin High School, Chaugachha, Jessore. They passed the matriculation examination in 1987 and Intermediate from the Kotchandpur Degree College in 1990. They passed their degree from the same college in 1992.
The artist has spent their childhood in their village. Monir Khan has grown up in a joyous environment, playing games with friends, ranching, swimming in pond and fishing. They had an innate attraction towards songs even in the early part of their life.
They have learned music from many of the local scholars. However, music started mainly in Reza Khasrura. Later, they took the music of Swapan Chakraborty, Yunus Ali Mollah, Khandaker Enayet Hossain and some other dignitaries. Khandker Enayet Hossain, a resident of Bagerhat district, used to teach songs after 15 days in Kaliganj Gunjan Shilpi Academy of the district. The foundation of music has been developed mainly by Khandaker Enayet Hossain.
Career
In 1989, Monir Khan was listed as a modern song artist by auditioning on Khulna radio. They started singing as a regular artist till August 1991.
On 5 September 1991 they came to Dhaka with NOC. Even after coming to Dhaka, they learned songs from some of the elders. Among them are Abubakar Siddiq, Mangal Chandra Biswas, Salahuddin Ahmed, Anup Chakraborty and many others. Whenever they got some good things they tried to take their own life.
After so many days they thought of taking a place in the audio market. Started working according to the thought. Originally inspired by Kutti Mansur, Monir Khan decided to release their song songs in the market.
Milton Khondokar agreed to work with Monir Khan and agreed to release audio album. To release audio album, Monir tried to prove themselves as a perfect artist through better practice of singing. Monir Khan took four years from 1992 to 1996 to prepare himself.
In 1996, first solo audio album of 12 songs ‘Tomar Kono Dosh Nei' released from Beauty Corner. The album gets great popularity. After the popularity of the album, Monir Khan became famous overnight. Then Monir Khan did not stop. They have released album one after one and has got success in every album.
Personal life
In 2001, Monir Khan was married to Tahmina Akter.  They are the father of Musfika Akhter Muntata (daughter) and Mosabbir Khan Muhurta (son).
Albums
Monir Khan has released 42 solo albums and more than 300 duet and mixed albums, and has song in more than 100 Bengali films.
Discography
Solo albums
Mixed albums
Monir khan has more than 300 duet and mixed albums. A list of some notable duet and mixed albums is given here.
• Single Track
Popular musician Monir Khan has also sung "Tui Chuye Dile Lash Hoye Jay" with the pandemic Coronavirus (COVID-19) to create public awareness. Which has been released on the singer's official YouTube channel "MK Music-24", later on their verified Facebook page "Monir Khan" on 13 Jul, 2020.
Film songs
Awards
In 2001, Monir Khan was awarded the National Film Award for the first time for vocal in Premer Taj Mahal. Such a great achievement like the National Film Award in such a short time is an important chapter of their life.
In 2002, they received National Film Award for the second time for vocal in Lal Doriya. In 2005, they won the National Film Award for the third time for vocal in Dui Noyoner Alo. The song was Tumi Khub Sadharon Ekti Meye.
Bangladesh National Film Awards
They also received numerous prizes. They have been honored with Bachsas Awards, Bangladesh Television Reports Award, Bangladesh Cultural Reporters Award, and many other awards at home and abroad. But they think human love is the biggest reward in their life.
References
External links
Living people
20th-century Bangladeshi male singers
21st-century Bangladeshi male singers
People from Khulna
1972 births
Best Male Playback Singer National Film Award (Bangladesh) winners
Meriwether County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 21,992. The county seat is Greenville, home of the Meriwether County Courthouse. The county was formed on December 14, 1827, as the 73rd county in Georgia. It was named for David Meriwether, a general in the American Revolutionary War and member of Congress from Georgia.
Meriwether County is part of the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state. Portions of the Pine Mountain Range are found in the southern parts of the county near the cities of Warm Springs and Manchester.
The eastern two-thirds of Meriwether County, going east from just west of U.S. Route 27 Alternate, is located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The western third of the county is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Lake Harding sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin.
Major highways
Interstate 85
U.S. Route 27 Alternate
State Route 18
State Route 41
State Route 54
State Route 54 Spur
State Route 74
State Route 85
State Route 85 Alternate
State Route 85 Spur
State Route 100
State Route 109
State Route 109 Spur
State Route 173
State Route 190
State Route 194
State Route 362
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
Adjacent counties
Coweta County (north)
Spalding County (northeast)
Pike County (east)
Upson County (southeast)
Talbot County (south)
Harris County (southwest)
Troup County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 22,534 people, 8,248 households, and 6,012 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,211 housing units at an average density of 18 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 58.9% White, 40.4% Black or African American, 0.6% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 0.71% from two or more races. Of the population 0.85% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,248 households, out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.00% were married couples living together, 18.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.10% were non-families. 23.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.18.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.60% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,870, and the median income for a family was $37,931. Males had a median income of $29,766 versus $21,444 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,708. About 13.60% of families and 17.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.90% of those under age 18 and 16.30% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 21,992 people, 8,522 households, and 5,906 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,957 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 57.9% white, 39.1% African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.3% were American, 12.7% were English, and 9.8% were Irish.
Of the 8,522 households, 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were married couples living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.7% were non-families, and 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.09. The median age was 41.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,845 and the median income for a family was $47,126. Males had a median income of $36,164 versus $28,873 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,295. About 12.8% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 20,613 people, 8,051 households, and 5,504 families residing in the county.
Politics
Meriwether County is a moderately Republican county. The last Democrat to win the county was Al Gore in 2000.
Media
The county is served by the Meriwether Vindicator newspaper.
Communities
Alvaton
Gay
Greenville (county seat)
Lone Oak
Luthersville
Manchester
Warm Springs
Woodbury
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Meriwether County, Georgia
References
External links
Official page
1827 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Meriwether
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1827
Arijana Gigliani (; born 27 February 1979) is a Croatian-Bosnian opera singer (dramatic soprano). Them voice is known for its power and extension, usable in many operatic roles.
Early life
Arijana Marić Gigliani was born 27 February 1979 in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia. They received their primary musical education in Sarajevo. Them first operatic appearance in front of an audience was during the 1987-1988 season of the Sarajevo National Theatre, where they played Hugh Crome in the children's opera The Little Sweep, by Benjamin Britten. In the 1990-1991 season, Gigliani performed in the children's choir in a Serbo-Croatian version of Carmen.
Gigliani attended a musical high school in Sarajevo, where they played violin and graduated in 1997. During the Bosnian War, they played violin as an associate player with the Sarajevo Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1998, they moved to Zagreb, Croatia to study operatic solo singing under Croatian opera soprano Lidija Horvat Dunjko. In 2005, they graduated from the Music Academy of Zagreb with a master's degree in music. Since then, they have continued to train professionally with Bulgarian operatic tenor Stojan Stojanov Gančev.
Professional career
Gigliani made their professional debut in May 2005 at the Sarajevo National Theatre, in the role of Jelena in Nikola Šubić Zrinski, by Ivan Zajc. Them subsequent work has included a dozen solo performances in Croatia and abroad, such as in Austria, Germany, and the Czech Republic. They also performed solo concerts with the Sarajevo Philharmonic Orchestra and Dubrovnik Symphonic Orchestra.
Them roles have included Lady Macbeth in Giuseppe Verdi's Macbeth, Berta in The Barber of Seville, by Gioachino Rossini, and Abigaille in Verdi's Nabucco.
Teaching career
Gigliani has also taught singers in secondary education and college. From 2008 to 2011, they won a dozen domestic and international awards with their students.
Awards
International Opera Competition 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia: 1st class award
International Opera Competition 2010 in Herceg Novi, Montenegro: 1st class award
References
1979 births
Croatian educators
Croatian operatic sopranos
Living people
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
Voice teachers
21st-century Croatian women singers
Women music educators
The Duet free routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 23 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 21 June at 09:00.
The final was started on 23 June at 16:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Duet free routine
The Kiglapait Mountains lie north of Nain, in northern Labrador, south of the Torngat and Kaumajet Mountains. Not as high as those ranges, they still boast very rugged terrain and many peaks with high prominence values. The name means "dog-tooth."
External links
Photo gallery, Aerial photos of Kiglapait Mountains by Doc Searls
Labrador
Mountain ranges of Newfoundland and Labrador
LINK Mobility Group AS is a cloud communications platform as a service (CPaaS) company headquartered in Oslo, Norway. Link Mobility allows customers to send and receive phone calls, SMS, MMS, RCS and eMails through their API. LINK is publicly listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. In 2017, LINK Mobility had a total turnover of 1,294 million NOK, increasing to NOK 3,539 billion in 2020. With 28 offices across 18 countries including Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Bulgaria, Germany, Spain, Poland, France, Switzerland, Austria, Italy and the United States. LINK is the largest CPaaS provider in Europe.
History
LINK Mobility was founded in 2001 by Jens Rugseth with headquarters in Oslo, Norway. The company was originally called EMEMESS (an abbreviation for MMS messages), becoming LINK Mobility in 2007 after acquiring a Swedish CPaaS operator.
LINK's first major customer was Norwegian Air, where LINK provided SMS services such as boarding alerts and flight delay alerts.
Listings and delistings
LINK was first publicly listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange in the early 2010s before being privatised by Abry Partners of Boston in mid 2018 for NOK 3.4 billion (USD 416 million). In December 2020, Abry chose to again list LINK on the OSE, with a list price of NOK 47 per share, rising 19% on its first trading day. After the listing, LINK had a market value of NOK 12.6 billion (USD 1.56 billion). LINK was named a Unicorn IPO by Bloomberg News and the 3rd largest European Technology IPO of 2020 by UK Tech News.
Mergers and acquisitions
2017, Acquired Netmessage in France.
2018, Acquired HSL Mobile in The United Kingdom.
2018, Acquired Netsize in France, adding EUR 55.2 m/year of revenue.
2019, Acquired 5 Alterco subsidiaries for EUR 7.8 million.
2020, Acquired WebSMS and SimpleSMS in Austria.
2021, Acquired MarketingPlatform in Denmark.
2021, Acquired Amm in Italy for EUR 18.7 million.
2021, Acquired Tismi in The Netherlands for EUR 20 million.<
2021, planned to acquire Soprano Design, based in Sydney, Australia for $600 million. However, Soprano exited negotiations over debt and share price concerns.
2021, Acquired Message Broadcast, based in Newport Beach, California, for $260 million.
See also
Unified communications
Unified communications as a service
Cloud communications
GSMA
Short Messaging Service
Telecommunications
Communications Platform as a Service
Rich Communication Services
References
Technology companies of Norway
Companies based in Oslo
Companies listed on Oslo Axess
Mykland Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Froland Municipality in Agder county, Norway. It is located in the village of Mykland. It is one of the two churches for the Froland parish which is part of the Arendal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark. The white, wooden church was built in a octagonal design in 1832 using plans drawn up by the architect Gunder Olsen. The church seats about 150 people.
History
Prior to 1683, the residents of the Mykland area had to travel to the stave church in nearby Vegusdal to worship. The King sent a letter to the people of Mykland on 20 December 1681 to inform them that they had permission to build a church in their parish wherever they felt was best. So, in 1683, a church was built in Mykland. It was a timber-framed church using wood from the abundant forests in the area. The church bell was cast in the Netherlands (and it was saved and used in the present church). The church had rows of pews that were assigned to each farm in the parish, with men and women sitting on either side of the church. In 1723, the church was sold during the Norwegian church auction by King Frederick IV to help the finances of the Kingdom of Denmark-Norway after the Great Northern War. The church was owned privately from 1723 until 1806 when the local residents of the parish purchased it.
In 1827, when the Bishop was visiting the church, it was decided that the church was too small for the parish, so planning began for a new church. The old church was demolished in 1829 and the new church was constructed on the same site. The residents wanted an octagonal church like the nearby Hornnes Church and Årdal Church, so they hired Gunder Olsen from Bygland as the architect and lead builder since they had worked on both of those other churches. The new church was completed in 1832 and it was consecrated on 23 September 1832.
Media gallery
See also
List of churches in Agder og Telemark
References
Froland
Churches in Agder
Wooden churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1832
1683 establishments in Norway
Taromeo Station is a pastoral farm off the D'Aguilar Highway, Benarkin, South Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1842 to the 1860s. The historical Taromeo Homestead complex encompassing the stone house, butchers shop, red-cedar horse stables, and cemetery were added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
Taromeo Station was one of the original pastoral properties in the area and was taken up soon after land in Queensland became available for free settlement in 1842. The district was first divided into three huge runs, Taromeo, Tarong and Nanango, although Taromeo is thought to be the earliest of these by some months.
By 1841 would-be squatters were moving into southeast Queensland, settling first on the Darling Downs. The first sale of Brisbane land took place in Sydney in July 1842 and soon after an expedition comprising Andrew Petrie, Walter Wrottesley, W. Joliffe, Henry Stewart Russell, convicts and Aborigines set off to explore the Wide Bay area. Land holdings were quickly taken up, possibly as a result of their reports. In 1846 Captain Samuel Augustus Perry and James Charles Burnett conducted surveys and Burnett alone made a second trip in 1847 looking at river systems mainly to establish a port to serve the area.
Although there is no evidence for the date on which Taromeo was first settled, it is known that in late 1842, John Borthwick, from Buaraba Homestead near Ipswich, and William Elliott Oliver visited Taromeo Station on their way north seeking land for establishing pastoral runs. Soon afterwards, Oliver took up Nanango and Borthwick continued northward to the land that was to become Tarong Station. Simon Scott had arrived from Scotland with their brother Walter in 1839. Simon worked initially on a property at Castlereagh and arrived in the Moreton Bay region in 1841 as part of a group delivering sheep to Cressbrook station. After taking up Taromeo they returned to Castlereagh and married Christine Swanson. In March 1847 Scott returned to Taromeo with their family and on 5 July 1847 applied for a squatter's license for an area of 200 square miles.
They built a cedar house around 1850, probably replacing more primitive accommodation, and added ancillary buildings. Mrs Scott died on Christmas Day, 1851 and is buried at Taromeo, though the area was not officially proclaimed a cemetery reserve until 1878. The smithy is thought to have been built in 1854 and Robert Williams, who also built the stone house at Moore, constructed a stone store and butcher's shop for Scott in 1856. These were originally shingled and were separate buildings.
In 1857 when a survey of the area was carried out, the station was flourishing with a number of buildings constructed and a large area under cultivation. Simon Scott, who had remarried in 1854, was killed close to the house in 1858 when they fell from their horse. Their brother then ran the property until their son, also named Walter, came of age. The Scott family appears to have been on relatively good terms with local indigenous people and Walter Scott Junior, later Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Burnett and Mulgrave between 1871 and 1878, is reputed to have spoken their language fluently.
In the 1870s, Cobb and Co established a route between Brisbane and Nanango and Taromeo became an overnight stop where horses were rested and passengers accommodated. The station ceased running sheep to raise cattle.
The original lease holding of Taromeo was reduced as the government sought to encourage closer settlement in the South Burnett region. Beginning in the 1870s, resumptions occurred over many years, through consolidation in the 1880s, to the early twentieth century when two Land Acts (1897 and 1902) allowed the resumption of much of the lease. In 1889 Walter Scott voluntarily allowed resumption of a large area on which the townships of Blackbutt and Benarkin were established, though most of it was subdivided into 160-acre farms. The Queensland National Bank took over the property in the 1890s, leaving Mrs Scott as the manager after their husband died. They retired to live in Brisbane in 1897, when a relative then managed the property until the outbreak of World War I.
The original homestead building was demolished in the 1930s, but work has been carried out to repair the early buildings back to their former glory. Taromeo Station has been in the hands of the current owners for over forty years. A manager is also located on site and is the first point of contact for those who wish to view the buildings and early station records. Please note that Taromeo is a working cattle property and strictly private property, it is integral that an appointment is made with the manager via telephone prior to arrival. The cemetery is accessible and is administered by the local government authority and property owners.
The cemetery was destroyed In the 2010-2011 Queensland floods. A $180,000 restoration project was funded by the Queensland and Australian Governments and the work was carried out by Ziegler Monumentals of Toowoomba and was completed by February 2013.
Description
The homestead buildings are situated in open rolling country that features large granite outcrops and boulders. Rocky outcrops and large trees are interspersed between the buildings.
On the western side of the entrance drive are two residential timber buildings, possibly from the 1930s, and a butchers shop. This has a pyramidal roof of corrugated iron with a core constructed of vertical boards, open below the roof. A flat modern roof has been erected on the western side. These buildings are separated from the earlier buildings of the complex by a fence. To the northwest is a kitchen garden fenced with timber slabs, which has a small timber structure in one corner.
The stone stables and store face each other across the entrance drive and are the dominant buildings in the group. The store is a rectangular building with an east–west axis. It is made of granite blocks and has a gabled roof clad in corrugated iron. Windows barred by timber strips flank the central door on the southern side. The walls are thick and rendered internally and are lined with narrow shelves. It has a floor of wide boards and a loft area accessed by a ladder. There is a door high in the gable end that was probably used for loading from a cart into the loft area. A door on the northern side of the building has been filled in and there is a slab lean-to section abutting this side of the building. Adjoining the store is a stone butchers shop. It has a lower roof with a small raised section along the centre of the roof ridge for ventilation.
The stables have slab walls to plate height and comprise a rectangular core with a gabled roof and a verandah roof to the west, north and east. There is also a lean to extension to the east. The stables have a weatherboard hayloft added across the original gabled section. Openings along the southern side have large doors with forged pins, catches and hinges. To the north of the stables are yards.
Behind the store and butchers and separated from them by a large rocky outcrop is a single storey timber residence. Across from this to the north is a slab building with a gabled corrugated iron roof, which was the former blacksmith's shop. No blacksmithing equipment remains inside. In a line beyond this are a modern corrugated iron and weatherboard storage shed and a small bathroom structure comprising an enclosed, gabled roofed section with a drum shower suspended over a slatted timber floor. A corrugated iron partition divides this from an entrance area with a timber bench and washbowl. To the side of this is an open section sheltered by a skillion roof.
About to the east of these buildings is a milking shed with a pole frame, open sides and a gabled roof clad in corrugated iron. The interior is fitted with cow bails. The adjoining yards are enclosed with sawn timber rails wired to posts.
To the west of the homestead and across the creek is the family cemetery. A crenellated stone wall of coursed rubble encloses it and it is entered by an iron gate. Within the wall, arranged in two rows, are the graves of members of the Scott family. The memorials date from 1851 to 1962 and include that of Simon Scott who died in 1858. A number of those buried were born on Taromeo in the 1840s and 50s. Some graves are outlined with granite stones, as is the narrow path down the center. There are unmarked graves of Taromeo staff behind the cemetery enclosure including that of the mason responsible for the stonework.
Heritage listing
Taromeo Homestead complex and cemetery was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Taromeo Station was established by Simon Scott in about 1842 and is thought to have been the first run taken up in the Wide Bay/Burnett area. The run demonstrates the development of Queensland, particularly this area from the establishment of pastoral holdings in the 1840s to closer settlement from the 1870s. The property illustrates the development of pastoral practices in Queensland, particularly the development of the beef industry in the South Burnett Region.
The place demonstrates rare, uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland's cultural heritage.
Taromeo has a number of rare built elements including a stone walled private cemetery, thought to be one of only two stone walled family cemeteries in Australia
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of Queensland's history.
The early date of Taromeo with its many extant features suggest that a potential exists for further historical and archaeological research which may yield information which will contribute to an understanding of early Queensland station life.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
The station complex at Taromeo is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of an early Queensland pastoral station. The arrangement of the early buildings and their relationship to each other provides important evidence of early station life.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
Taromeo has aesthetic significance; the site has a picturesque quality resulting from the layering of traditional buildings of various styles, materials and periods of construction set amongst granite outcrops and large trees.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Taromeo has special associations with the South Burnett community as one of their first settled stations and as a place of employment for local residents and their families many of whom remain in the area. The place is associated particularly with the Scott family who are important pioneers in the area.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
South Burnett Region
Homesteads in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
In varietate concordia () is the official motto of the European Union (EU), adopted in 2000. Its translations in the other 24 official languages of the EU have equal standing. It is inspired by its Latin-language version coined by the Italian Nobel prize winner Ernesto Teodoro Moneta: In varietate concordia or In varietate unitas, which is also used as a compromise. It is one of the newest symbols of the European Union, alongside the European flag and anthem but, unlike most, it is specific to the EU rather than originating from the Council of Europe.
According to the European Commission, "The motto means that, via the EU, Europeans are united in working together for peace and prosperity, and that the many different cultures, traditions and languages in Europe are a positive asset for the continent." This amounts to the embracement of multiculturalism as the goal of European integration, as opposed to the goal of an emerging European identity which had been advocated in the 1990s.
History
The European motto was first adopted in May 2000 as "Unity in diversity" through a non-official process since it was a contest involving 80,000 students from the 15 countries that were members of the European Union at the time (a.k.a. "EU-15"): Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden & United Kingdom.
La Prairie's project (1998–1999)
In April 1998, French newspaper Ouest-France's Patrick La Prairie proposed the organisation of a European mottoes contest for the, then 15, EU members' secondary education students. This event was meant as a 50-year celebration of Founding father of the European Union Robert Schuman's famous declaration about a supranational Community which eventually led to the creation of the actual European Union.
Back in 1998, the European Union had already a flag of Europe, and anthem of Europe and was about to launch the euro, its currency; it lacked a motto, hence, the contest proposal. Journalist La Prairie was in charge of Ouest-Frances Press-School mission and found two sponsors, World War II French museum Memorial de Caen and France Telecom, then a state-owned company. 40 newspaper partners were found in France as well as in the remaining countries of EU-15; with at least a newspaper per country, e.g. La Repubblica in Italy, Le Soir in Belgium, Irish Times in Ireland, Berliner Zeitung in Germany and The Guardian in UK.
The project was officially launched on 31 March 1999 with the opening of the une devise pour l'Europe contest's official website managed by France Telecom. The website featured pedagogic files, created by the operation's general Office located at the Caen Memorial, and teachers oriented pitches and registration forms available in the eleven official European languages (plus Catalan). The English-language version, called "A motto for Europe", had a website. The contest's slogan was "The only prize will be to write a page of Europe's History" (La seule récompense sera d'avoir écrit une page d'histoire de l'Europe).
A motto for Europe (1999–2000)
In September 1999, a contest was held at the start of the 1999–2000 school year to invent a motto for the European Union. 2,575 classes were involved, with students ranging from ages ten to nineteen. The main rule was that the motto had to consist of a sentence of no more than twelve words, with an accompanying explanation of no more than 1,500 characters written in the class's local language. An English version of the explanation was also required, since the teachers used this language to communicate between themselves. National and European winners were selected the following year.
By the contest deadline, 15 January 2000, 2016 mottoes had applied. A lexical analysis of this 400,000-word corpus was done by Taylor Nelson Sofres to reveal the most popular terms used by the young Europeans, which were: "Europe", "peace", "unity", "union", "together", "future", "difference", "hope", "solidarity", "egality", "liberty", "diversity", and "respect". This study was later used by the jury during the national selection.
In February 2000, each member of EU-15's media partner managed a top 10 national mottoes selection to later submit it to a second jury in charge of the European selection. These 142 mottoes were all translated in the 11 official European languages.
On 11 and 12 April 2000, the European Media Jury based at the Memorial of Caen, chose 7 mottoes among the late February selection (one voice per country). Those were next submitted to a final European Grand Jury in Brussels.
Proclamation at the European Parliament (2000)
On 4 May 2000 almost 500 schoolchildren from fifteen classes of the EU-15 (top class of each national selection) were gathered at the European Parliament in Brussels to assist the proclamation of the motto chosen that day by the 15-member Grand Jury including former Chancellor of Austria Franz Vranitzky, former Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs Susanna Agnelli, former Belgian astronaut Dirk Frimout, former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Uffe Ellemann-Jensen, Luxembourgian historian Gilbert Trausch, former German President of the Bundestag Rita Süssmuth, Irish Senator Mary Henry, former British President of the European Commission Roy Jenkins, and former French President of the European Commission Jacques Delors.
The motto was displayed on a blue background located behind the 24th President of the European Parliament Nicole Fontaine (see picture). Unité dans la diversité, French for Unity in diversity was translated in the eleven official languages of the EU plus Latin, In varietate concordia, as read out by President Nicole Fontaine. The motto had been devised by Luxembourgian youngsters and prefaced by chairperson Delors who added "Europe:" to it. Probably by coincidence, the same motto had been used in the title of a Workshop held in the European Centre for Modern Languages (Graz) on 23–25 April 1998:
"East meets West: Unity in Diversity". The title was chosen by Dónall Ó Riagáin, on behalf of the organizers, the European Bureau for Lesser-Used languages (EBLUL). They attribute the expression to John Hume, the leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party in Northern Ireland when they first used it, in about 1983, perhaps basing it on the text "E pluribus unum"' on the Seal of the USA.
Since it had to be submitted for official approval by the fifteen Chiefs of State of the European Council at Santa Maria da Feira on 19 and 20 June 2000, President Nicole Fontaine stated: « I want it to become the motto of all institutions, just as we have a flag and anthem ».
The six rejected mottoes were "Peace, Liberty, Solidarity", "Our differences are our strength", "United for peace and democracy", "United in liberty", "An old continent, a new hope", and "All different, all Europeans!"
"Unity in diversity" has been the national motto of Indonesia since 1945 (Bhinneka Tunggal Eka, in ancient Javanese) and on 27 April 2000 post-apartheid South Africa adopted a similar motto (ǃke e꞉ ǀxarra ǁke) in ǀXam (a sleeping San language), which also translates in English as "Unity in diversity".
European Council speech (2000)
On 19 June 2000, at Santa Maria da Feira, Portugal, 24th President of the European Parliament Nicole Fontaine concluded their official opening speech with the introduction of the European Union motto (Unité dans la diversité):
Since then this motto was used by several European officials during their speeches at Strasbourg, including President of European Commission Romano Prodi on 4 July 2001 « our real strength lies in "unity in diversity" », Italian rapporteur Giorgio Ruffolo on 4 September 2001 « Therefore, the expression 'unity in diversity' has been chosen as the motto of the report », Austrian member of the European Parliament Paul Rübig on 10 April 2002 « Europe is, after all, about unity in diversity » or Spanish Member of the European Parliament Raimon Obiols on 4 September 2003 « Yesterday the President of the European Convention ended their speech by evoking the future European motto: united in diversity ».
European Constitution (2004)
In 2004, the motto was written into the failed European Constitution's Article I-8 about the EU's symbols.
The motto translations were slightly modified since 2000, including the English-language version becoming « United in Diversity ». Though this constitutional treaty was eventually rejected by the French and Dutch voters on 29 May and 1 June 2005.
Europe Day (2005)
On 9 May 2005, the European Commission issued promotional items such as a postcard featuring the symbols of Europe: the European flag, the European anthem, the European motto (now "United in diversity") and the Europe Day. Only lacked the European currency which was in the Treaty of 2004 but not yet constitutional. The official Europe Day poster also used the modified motto "United in Diversity".
The same day the new motto (Unie dans la diversité) was proclaimed by 1,000 youngsters at the Memorial of Caen as a 5-year celebration. These words were now written in the European Constitution project that was though rejected through referendum few days later.
Treaty of Lisbon (2007)
The Treaty of Lisbon, concluded in 2007, does not contain any article dedicated to symbols of the European Union. It retained much of the 2004 treaty but omitted the articles defining the European symbols, namely the flag, anthem and motto. It does however contain a declaration by 16 member states who affirmed their recognition of the symbols. In response to the omission of the symbols from the main treaty text, the European Parliament took the avant-garde in using the symbols as it had done in adopting them in the first place. Parliament changed its internal rules to make more use of the symbols. In the case of the motto, it would be printed on all Parliamentary documents.
Official translations
The first 11 official EU languages and Latin (2000)
The original French motto Unité dans la diversité was translated in the other ten official EU languages plus Latin when it was proclaimed the motto for Europe on 4 May 2000.
24 official EU languages (2013)
The motto was translated into the 23 languages in which there were official translations of the European Constitution on 29 October 2004. The treaty, and hence the motto, was officially translated into Bulgarian and Romanian despite the fact they would not join for a further three years. Irish was not included but is on the list here as it became an EU language in 2007. Croatian has been included since 1 July 2013. The following are the official translations as of March 2017:
Unofficial translations
There exist translations of the motto into languages other than the 23 official languages of the EU.
Languages of EU member states
Languages of EU membership candidates
Further translations in the EU candidates official languages were elaborated by the European Union or the candidate States themselves:
Languages of a former EU member
Scots: Unitit in diversitie
Scottish Gaelic: Aonachd ann an eugsamhlachd
Welsh: Yng nglym mewn gwahaniaeth
See also
Bhinneka Tunggal Ika
E pluribus unum
Symbols of Europe
Unity in diversity
References
External links
« United in diversity », European Union official website
The symbols of the European Union: The origin of the motto United in diversity translation of Carlo Curti Gialdino's I Simboli dell'Unione europea, 2005, p. 130–132
Members of the European Media Jury and of the European Grand Jury for the "A motto for Europe" competition
A motto for Europe contest
Latin mottos
The Democratic Party held a presidential election on 15 September 2016. It was the party's first election since the formation of the party from the merger of the Democratic Party of Japan and the Japan Innovation Party. The race determined the successor of acting president Katsuya Okada who decided against running for a full term.
Candidates
Running
Renho, former cabinet minister and sitting member of the House of Councillors.
Seiji Maehara, former party president (2005–06) and Minister of Foreign Affairs (2010-11).
Yuichiro Tamaki, member of the House of Representatives and former bureaucrat.
Potential or has publicly expressed interest
Akihisa Nagashima, former vice defense minister.
Declined to run
Katsuya Okada, acting party president.
Goshi Hosono, former party policy chief and candidate in the 2015 DPJ presidential election.
Results
Voting was held on 15 September, following a campaign period from 2 September.
References
2016 elections in Japan
Political party leadership elections in Japan
September 2016 events in Japan
Democratic Party (Japan, 2016) leadership election
"Ponta de Lança Africano (Umbabarauma)" is a song by Jorge Ben Jor from their 1976 album África Brasil. It was later recorded by Ambitious Lovers and Soulfly. The song is about an African striker, Ben Jor's "Ponta de Lança Africano (Umbabarauma)" became a well known football-related track. It has been described as "[possibly] one of the best songs about sports ever written", and prompted one writer to state that "Jorge Ben should be considered the poet laureate of soccer songwriting".
It was included on David Byrne's 1989 compilation Brazil Classics Beleza Tropical, prompting rotation of a video for the track on VH-1. The original version of the track was used in the documentary film Di/Glauber.
It was released as a single in 1989 by EMI Records, backed with another track from the Beleza Tropical album, Nazaré Pereira's "Maculele".
In 2021, Rolling Stone ranked it number 351 in their updated list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Ambitious Lovers version
Ambitious Lovers recorded a cover of the song for their Lust album. A 12-inch single of remixes of the track (listed on the label as simply "Umbabarauma") by Charley Casanova and Goh Hotodain was released by Elektra Records in 1990, which became a dance hit, peaking at no. 10 on the Billboard Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart.
Track listing
"Umbabarauma" (World Beat Club Mix) – 5:08
"Umbabarauma" (Jorge Meets Junior House Dub) – 6:20
"Umbabarauma" (Mix Da Verdade) – 4:27
"Umbabarauma" (Cassanova's Kickin' House Mix) – 6:47
"Umbabarauma" (Lemon Tree Basement Dub) – 7:36
Soulfly version
Metal band Soulfly recorded a cover version of the song, as "Umbabarauma", released as the band's second single in 1998, taken from the debut album Soulfly.
Track listing
Maxi-single
Promo CD
Personnel
Regular Soulfly members
Max Cavalera – vocals, guitar
Jackson Bandeira – guitar
Marcello D. Rapp – bass guitar
Roy "Rata" Moyorga – drums
Additional personnel
Eric Bobo – percussion
Jorge Du Peixe – tambora
Gilmar Bolla Oito – tambora
Produced by Ross Robinson
Charts
References
External links
Song Lyrics
Soulfly songs
1976 songs
1989 singles
1990 singles
1998 singles
Songs written by Max Cavalera
EMI Records singles
Elektra Records singles
Roadrunner Records singles
Songs about Africa
Football songs and chants
The women's tournament of football at the 2015 Summer Universiade will be held from July 2 to 12 in Gwangju, South Korea.
Teams
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Classification round
Quarterfinal round
9th–16th place
Semifinal round
13th–16th place
9th–12th place
Elimination round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
5th–8th place
1st–4th place
Final round
All of the following matches will be held on July 13, 2015. Only the gold medal match will need 30 minutes extra time if two teams draw. Other matches will go directly to penalty shoot-outs if the two teams tie.
13th place match
11th place match
9th place match
7th place match
5th place match
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
Final standings
References
External links
Official Website
football
2015
Women
2015 in South Korean women's sport
2015 in women's association football
Hey Zeus! (stylized as hey Zeus!) is the seventh studio album by American rock band X. The tracks "Country at War" and "New Life" peaked at No. 15 and No. 26, respectively, on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Exene Cervenka and John Doe; except where noted.
"Someone's Watching" (John Doe, Tony Gilkyson) – 4:49
"Big Blue House" – 4:05
"Clean Like Tomorrow" – 3:58
"New Life" – 3:24
"Country at War" – 4:16
"Arms for Hostages" – 3:36
"Into the Light" (John Doe, Tony Gilkyson) – 3:57
"Lettuce and Vodka" (Duke McVinnie) – 5:07
"Everybody" – 3:32
"Baby You Lied" – 3:18
"Drawn in the Dark" – 5:55
Personnel
X
Exene Cervenka – vocals
John Doe – vocals, bass
Tony Gilkyson – guitar, vocals
D.J. Bonebrake – percussion, drums, marimba
with:
Patrick Warren, Tony Berg - keyboards
Technical personnel
Tony Berg – producer
Tchad Blake – engineer, mixing
Dale Lavi – photographer
Casey McMackin – engineer
Brian Schuebie – engineer
References
1993 albums
X (American band) albums
Albums produced by Tony Berg
Maksim Myakish (; ; born 3 March 2000) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino.
Honours
BATE Borisov
Belarusian Cup winner: 2019–20, 2020–21
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football midfielders
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
FC Neman Grodno players
FC BATE Borisov players
FC Slavia Mozyr players
FC Isloch Minsk Raion players
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
Anna Cabot Quincy Waterston (, Quincy; pen names, A. C. Q. W. and W. A. C. Q.; June 27, 1812 – October 14, 1899) was a 19th-century American writer of poems, novels, hymns, and a diary. They died in 1899. A Woman's Wit & Whimsy: The 1833 Diary of Anna Cabot Lowell Quincy, edited by Beverly Wilson Palmer was published in 2003 by Northeastern University Press, Boston.
Early life and family
Anna Cabot Lowell Quincy was born June 27, 1812 in Boston, Massachusetts. They were the youngest daughter of Josiah Quincy III, who served as president of Harvard University, U.S. Representative, and Mayor of Boston. Them mother was Eliza Susan Morton Quincy. Anna's grandfather, Josiah Quincy II, had also served as mayor of Boston, as did their brother, Josiah. Them other siblings were: Eliza, Abigail, Maria, Margaret, and Edmund.
On April 21, 1840, they married Rev. Robert C. Waterston (1812–93). After passing two years in Europe, and, just as they were all about to return home, their daughter, Helen Ruthven Waterston (1841 - July 25, 1858), died at Naples, Italy.
Career
Some of Waterston's verses were printed in 1863, in a small volume. They also published articles in The Atlantic Monthly. Them sobriquets included, "A. C. Q. W.", and "W. A. C. Q.".
In 1870, after visiting Jeanne Carr, Waterston left Oakland, California for Yosemite. Waterston was able to gather around them a wide circle of friends and acquaintances. They knew well and was intimately associated with many of the most distinguished people of the former generation. When their father entertained Lafayette, they were a school girl, but the occasions made such an impression upon their mind that they retained a vivid remembrance of it in later years. The cause of the blind was important to them ever since the establishment of the Perkins Institution and Massachusetts School for the Blind.
Death and legacy
Waterston died October 14, 1899, at their home, No. 526 Massachusetts Avenue, in Newton, Massachusetts, where they lived since 1860, and was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery. Them carved marble bust was sculpted by Edmonia Lewis and is held by the Smithsonian American Art Museum. In 2003, their diary, written at the age of seventeen, was posthumously published under the title A Woman's Wit and Whimsy.
Selected works
Quincy
Sketchbook, ca. 1835
Together, 1863
Verses, 1863
Edmonia Lewis. (The young colored woman who has successfully modelled the bust of Colonel Shaw.)., 1865
Adelaide Phillipps: A Record. Boston: A. Williams and Company, 1883.
Posthumously published
A Woman's Wit & Whimsy: The 1833 Diary of Anna Cabot Lowell Quincy, edited by Beverly Wilson Palmer. Boston: Northeastern University Press, 2003.
See also
Quincy political family
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1812 births
1899 deaths
19th-century American novelists
19th-century American poets
19th-century American women writers
American women poets
Poets from Massachusetts
American hymnwriters
Writers from Boston
Quincy family
Pseudonymous women writers
American diarists
American women novelists
American women non-fiction writers
19th-century American non-fiction writers
Burials at Mount Auburn Cemetery
19th-century pseudonymous writers
19th-century diarists
Jim: The James Foley Story is a 2016 American documentary film about the life of journalist and war correspondent James "Jim" Foley, directed by Brian Oakes. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2016, and on HBO on February 6, 2016.
Synopsis
Directed by Foley's childhood friend Brian Oakes, the film chronicles the life of American photojournalist James "Jim" Foley. On Thanksgiving Day 2012, Foley was kidnapped in Syria while reporting on the Syrian Civil War and went missing for two years. The infamous video of their beheading in August 2014, purportedly as a response to American airstrikes in Iraq, introduced much of the world to the Islamic State of Iraq (ISIS). Interviews with family, friends, journalist colleagues, and fellow hostages provide insight into Foley's character, work, captivity and legacy.
Reception
, this film has a rating of 91% on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 22 reviews and an average score of 6.9/10. It also has a score of 73 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 8 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The film won the Primetime Emmy Award for Exceptional Merit in Documentary Filmmaking and Audience Award: Documentary at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
Music
The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song for the song "The Empty Chair", written by J. Ralph and Sting and performed by Sting.
References
External links
Official website
2016 documentary films
American documentary films
Primetime Emmy Award-winning broadcasts
Documentary films about jihadism
Films scored by Dan Romer
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Myrrh (; from Semitic, but see § Etymology) is a gum-resin extracted from a number of smalls, thorny tree species of the genus Commiphora. Myrrh resin has been used throughout history as a perfume, incense and medicine. Myrrh mixed with posca or wine was common across ancient cultures, for general pleasure, and as an analgesic.
Extraction and production
When a wound on a tree penetrates through the bark and into the sapwood, the tree secretes a resin. Myrrh gum, like frankincense, is such a resin. Myrrh is harvested by repeatedly wounding the trees to bleed the gum, which is waxy and coagulates quickly. After the harvest, the gum becomes hard and glossy. The gum is yellowish and may be either clear or opaque. It darkens deeply as it ages, and white streaks emerge.
Myrrh gum is commonly harvested from the species Commiphora myrrha. Another commonly used name, Commiphora molmol, is now considered a synonym of Commiphora myrrha.
Commiphora myrrha is native to Somalia, Oman, Yemen, Eritrea, Somali Region of Ethiopia and parts of Saudi Arabia. Meetiga, the trade-name of Arabian Myrrh, is more brittle and gummy than the Somali variety and does not have the latter's white markings.
Liquid myrrh, or stacte, written about by Pliny, was an ingredient of Jewish holy incense, and was formerly greatly valued but cannot now be identified in today's markets.
Etymology
The word myrrh corresponds with a common Semitic root m-r-r meaning "bitter", as in Arabic and Aramaic . Its name entered the English language from the Hebrew Bible, where it is called , and later as a Semitic loanword was used in the Greek myth of Myrrha, and later in the Septuagint; in the Ancient Greek language, the related word () became a general term for perfume.
Attributed medicinal properties
Medicine
In pharmacology, myrrh is used as an antiseptic in mouthwashes, gargles, and toothpastes. It is also used in some liniments and healing salves that may be applied to abrasions and other minor skin ailments. Myrrh has been used as an analgesic for toothaches and can be used in liniment for bruises, aches, and sprains.
Myrrh gum is commonly claimed to remedy indigestion, ulcers, colds, cough, asthma, lung congestion, arthritis pain, and cancer.
Religious ritual
In Ancient Egypt and Punt (Horn of Africa)
The 5th dynasty ruler of Egypt King Sahure recorded the earliest attested expedition to the land of Punt, modern day Horn of Africa particularly Somalia which brought back large quantities of myrrh, frankincense, malachite and electrum. Other products that were also brought back included wild animals, particularly cheetahs, the secretary bird (Sagittarius serpentarius), giraffes and Hamadryas baboons (which were sacred to the Ancient Egyptians), ebony, ivory and animal skins. Sahure is shown celebrating the success of this venture in a relief from their mortuary temple which shows them tending a myrrh tree in the garden of their palace named "Sahure's splendor soars up to heaven". This relief is the only one in Egyptian art depicting a king gardening. Myrrh was used by the ancient Egyptians, along with natron, for the embalming of mummies.
In the Hebrew Bible
Myrrh is mentioned as a rare perfume in several places in the Hebrew Bible. In , the traders to whom Jacob's sons sold their brother Joseph had "camels ... loaded with spices, balm, and myrrh," and specifies that Moses was to use 500 shekels of liquid myrrh as a core ingredient of the sacred anointing oil.
Myrrh was an ingredient of Ketoret: the consecrated incense used in the First and Second Temples at Jerusalem, as described in the Hebrew Bible and Talmud. An offering was made of the Ketoret on a special incense altar and was an important component of the temple service. Myrrh is also listed as an ingredient in the holy anointing oil used to anoint the tabernacle, high priests and kings.
Oil of myrrh is used in in a purification ritual for the new queen to King Ahasuerus:
In ancient Nabataea
Myrrh was recorded in the first century BC by Diodorus Siculus to have been traded overland and by sea via Nabatean caravans and seaports, which transported it from Southern Arabia to their capital city of Petra, from which it was distributed throughout the Mediterranean region.
In the New Testament
Myrrh is mentioned in the New Testament as one of the three gifts (with gold and frankincense) that the magi "from the East" presented to the Christ Child (). Myrrh was also present at Jesus' death and burial. Jesus was offered wine and myrrh at their crucifixion (). According to John's Gospel, Nicodemus and Joseph of Arimathea brought a 100-pound mixture of myrrh and aloes to wrap Jesus' body (). The Gospel of Matthew relates that as Jesus went to the cross, they were given vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when they had tasted thereof, they would not drink (Matthew 27:34); the Gospel of Mark describes the drink as wine mingled with myrrh (Mark 15:23).
In contemporary Christianity
Because of its mention in the New Testament, myrrh is an incense offered during some Christian liturgical celebrations (see Thurible). Liquid myrrh is sometimes added to egg tempera in the making of icons. Myrrh is mixed with frankincense and sometimes more scents and is used in the Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, traditional Roman Catholic, and Anglican/Episcopal churches.
Myrrh is also used to prepare the sacramental chrism used by many churches of both Eastern and Western rites. In the Middle East, the Eastern Orthodox Church traditionally uses oil scented with myrrh (and other fragrances) to perform the sacrament of chrismation, which is commonly referred to as "receiving the Chrism".
In Islam
According to the hadith of Muhammad, narrated by Abu Nuaim on the authority of Abban bin Saleh bin Anas, Muhammad said, "Fumigate your houses with mugwort, myrrh and thyme." (Kanz-ul-Ummal). The Encyclopedia of Islamic Herbal Medicine mentions the same hadith: "The Messenger of Allah stated, 'Fumigate your houses with al-shih, murr, and sa'tar.'" The author states that this use of the word "murr" refers specifically to Commiphora myrrha. The other two are Al-Shih (possibly mugwort) and Sa'tar (or Za'atar - thyme).
Ancient myrrh
Pedanius Dioscorides described the myrrh of the first century AD as most likely to refer to a "species of mimosa", describing it "like the Egyptian thorn". They describe its appearance and leaf structure as "spinnate-winged".
Other products that can be confused with myrrh
The oleo-gum-resins of a number of other Commiphora species are also used as perfumes, medicines (such as aromatic wound dressings), and incense ingredients. These myrrh-like resins are known as bdellium (including guggul and African bdellium), balsam (balm of Gilead or Mecca balsam) and opopanax (bisabol).
Fragrant "myrrh beads" are made from the crushed seeds of Detarium microcarpum, an unrelated West African tree. These beads are traditionally worn by married women in Mali as multiple strands around the hips.
The name "myrrh" is also applied to the potherb Myrrhis odorata, otherwise known as "cicely" or "sweet cicely".
See also
Bdellium
Chrism
Frankincense
Myroblyte saint
Naturalis Historia
Pliny the Elder
References
Further reading
(US ), pp. 107–122.
, pp. 226–227, with additions
Abyssine Myrrh
The One Earth Herbal Sourcebook: Everything You Need to Know About Chinese, Western, and Ayurvedic Herbal Treatments by Ph.D., A.H.G., D.Ay, Alan Keith Tillotson, O.M.D., L.Ac., Nai-shing Hu Tillotson, and M.D., Robert Abel Jr.
( A good review on its antiparasitic activities) .
External links
History of Myrrh and Frankincense (www.itmonline.org)
Commiphora
Essential oils
Incense material
Plants used in Ayurveda
Plants used in traditional Chinese medicine
Resins
Spices
Natural gums
is a private university with the campus in Hirano-ku, Osaka, Osaka, Japan. It is located next to Tokiwakai College. It was established in 1999.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1999
Hirano-ku, Osaka
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
1999 establishments in Japan
Alexander Campbell King (December 7, 1856 – July 25, 1926) was the 16th Solicitor General of the United States and a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. King was a founding partner of the international law firm of King & Spalding.
Education and career
Born on December 7, 1856, in Charleston, South Carolina, to J. Gadsden King and Carolina Clifford (Postell) King, King read law in 1875, at 19 years of age. They entered private practice in Atlanta, Georgia from 1875 to 1918, serving as general legal counsel to various railroad companies. For the Atlanta & West Point Railroad they took the position of assistant general counsel from 1887 to 1893, simultaneously serving as general counsel for the East & West Railroad of Alabama from 1887 to 1889, and again as assistant general counsel to the Richmond and Danville Railroad and Richmond & West Point Terminal Co., from 1890 to 1892. Lastly, King represented the Chattanooga, Rome and Columbus Railroad from 1894 to 1901. In 1912, King was appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, as a committee member to report on revision in equity in United States courts. They also served on the board of directors, and as one term Chairman, of the State Bar Examiners for the State of Georgia from 1913 to 1918. In 1916, King received a civil law degree from Sewanee: The University of the South, in Sewanee, Tennessee.
Solicitor General
King was the 16th Solicitor General of the United States from November 21, 1918 to May 24, 1920. With their breadth of knowledge in railroad legislation they were a valuable asset to the administration, contributing their expertise when faced with cases involving the Southern Pacific Railroad throughout 1919. During this time they also served as a counselor for the American Red Cross.
Federal judicial service
King was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson on April 29, 1920, to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit vacated by Judge Don Albert Pardee. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on May 24, 1920, and received their commission the same day. Their service terminated on December 31, 1924, due to their resignation.
Post judicial service and death
Following their resignation from the federal bench, King returned to private practice in Atlanta from 1925 to 1926, returning as a founding partner of the law firm of King, Spalding, MacDougal & Sibley (now King & Spalding). They died on July 25, 1926, in Flat Rock, Henderson County, North Carolina. They were interred in Atlanta, where they resided. They were survived by their wife of 45 years, Alice May Fowler and their two sons.
See also
Alexander Campbell King Law Library
Note
References
Sources
External links
Alexander Campbell King Law Library at the University of Georgia School of Law.
1856 births
1926 deaths
Lawyers from Charleston, South Carolina
Sewanee: The University of the South alumni
United States Solicitors General
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Woodrow Wilson
20th-century American judges
United States federal judges admitted to the practice of law by reading law
Bezdědice may refer to the following places in the Czech Republic:
Bezdědice (Bělá pod Bezdězem)
Bezdědice (Hostomice)
Ingrid Horrocks is a creative writing teacher, poet, travel writer, editor and essayist. They live in Wellington, New Zealand.
Biography
Ingrid Horrocks was born in Hamilton in 1975 and grew up on farms north of Auckland and in the Wairarapa.
They obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) from Victoria University of Wellington (1998) and was awarded a Commonwealth Scholarship to study women's travel writing at the University of York, where they graduated with Master of Arts (Distinction) in Eighteenth Century Studies (2001).
They then studied for a doctorate in English Literature at Princeton University and received an MA in 2003 and a PhD in 2006.
Them work includes scholarly editions of works by Mary Wollstonecraft and Charlotte Smith, articles in journals and online, conference papers and book chapters, including Chapter One (‘A World of Waters: Imagining, Voyaging, Entanglement') in A History of New Zealand Literature (Cambridge University Press, 2016). Them poetry and short fiction has appeared in literary magazines such as Landfall, Turbine, J.A.A.M. and Sport, and in anthologies such as Mutes and Earthquakes (Victoria University Press, 1997) and New Zealand Writing: The NeXt Wave (University of Otago Press, 1998). With Lynn Davidson, they co-edited Pukeahu: an exploratory anthology, an online anthology of "waiata, poems, essays, and fiction about Pukeahu / Mt Cook, a small hill in Wellington, Aotearoa-New Zealand that rises between two streams."
Horrocks is Associate Professor in English and Creative Writing at Massey University in Wellington.
They live in Wellington with their partner and twin daughters.
Awards and honours
Horrocks won the class prize for creative writing in 1996, the Macmillan Brown Prize in 1996 and a William Georgetti Scholarship in 1999.
They received a Fast-Start Grant from the Marsden Fund in 2008 for their study Reluctant wanderers: women re-imagine the margins, 1775-1800, exploring the figure of the female wanderer in late 18th-century British literary culture.
In 2016, they received the College of Humanities and Social Sciences Teaching Award from Massey University for their innovative creative non-fiction courses.
Them travel essay, ‘Gone Swimming' was shortlisted for the 2017 Landfall Essay Competition and they were highly commended in the same competition in 2019.
Extraordinary Anywhere: Essays on Place from Aotearoa New Zealand was shortlisted for the Upstart Press Award for Best Non-Illustrated Book in the 2017 PANZ Book Awards.
Bibliography
Non-fiction
Travelling with Augusta: Preston, Gorizia, Venice, Masterton: 1835 and 1999 (Victoria University Press, 2003)
Where We Swim (Victoria University Press and Queensland University Press, 2021).
Poetry
Natsukashii (Pemmican Press, 1998)
Mapping the Distance (Victoria University Press, 2010)
As editor
Extraordinary Anywhere: Essays on Place from Aotearoa New Zealand, co-edited with Cherie Lacey (Victoria University Press, 2016)
Monographs and scholarly editions
Letters Written during a Short Residence in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark by Mary Wollstonecraft (1796) (Broadview Press, 2013)
Charlotte Smith: Major Poetic Works, co-edited with Claire Knowles (Broadview Press, 2017)
Women Wanderers and the Writing of Mobility, 1784-1814 (Cambridge University Press, 2017)
References
External links
Profile of Ingrid Horrocks on Read NZ Te Pou Muramura
Profile of Associate Professor Ingrid Horrocks, School of English and Media Studies, Massey University
Author website for Ingrid Horrocks
1975 births
Living people
New Zealand writers
New Zealand women writers
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
People from Wellington City
The Time Tunnel is Malaysia's first memorabilia museum. Located in Brinchang, it is recognised as one of the main attractions of the Cameron Highlands.
Established in January 2007, the museum is filled with more than 4,000 collectibles and memorabilia. They are showcased in eight galleries covering an area of approximately 1,300 square metres.
Collection highlights
Aborigine Section
This area captures the lifestyle of the resort's natives (Orang Asli). Their tools, traps and handicrafts are exhibited on the floor and on the walls.
'Barber Shop'
The 'barber shop' is equipped with mirrors, straight razors, scissors, hair sprays, shavers, hair dryers, clippers, curlers and a broad range of combs. The walls are plastered with posters that were once used to promote barbering. The showpiece of this "shop" is the barber chair. It is more than 50 years old.
Children's Corner
This space is filled with blackboards, school uniforms, furniture, counting aids and a variety of toys. Nearby is a cabinet that displays memorabilia like fountain pens, erasers, pencil sharpeners, rulers, textbooks and school badges.
‘Coffee Shop'
Resembling an old eatery ('kopi tiam'), this setup comes complete with a cashier's counter, stools, tables, mirrors, ashtrays, matchboxes, chopsticks, spittoons, coffee cups and a collection of soft drinks. The drinks here are not for sale.
Collectibles & Memorabilia
The list of collectibles and memorabilia is endless. There are more than 4,000 objects on display. They range from gramophones to jewellery pieces.
Jim Thompson Corner
The niche is tucked at the midpoint of the museum. It covers an area of approximately 10 square metres. Most of the items on exhibit are a reminiscence of Jim Thompson who disappeared from the Cameron Highlands on Sunday, 26 March 1967.
Kitchen Area
Located along the ledge of the unit's second level is the kitchen area. This is a place where time virtually comes to a stand still. Here you will find an oddball mix of kerosene stoves, frying pans, crockery items, woks, chili pounders, firewood, meat safes, charcoal stoves, meat grinders and tiffin carriers.
Photo Gallery
The museum is known for its assortment of old photographs. It has an inventory of more than 1,000 images which include photographs of:
Lee Kuan Yew and Lee Hsien Loong when they visited the Cameron Highlands in 1954;
P. Ramlee's identification card;
S.K. Convent (when it served as the British Military Hospital in the 1950s);
Jim Thompson, the Thai silk king;
All Soul's Church (undated);
Ye Olde Smokehouse Inn (1950s);
"Moonlight" bungalow (undated);
"Sunlight" bungalow (undated);
the bridge over the Sultan Abu Bakar dam (1960s);
the Government Rest House at Tanah Rata (1950s);
the 2nd hole of the Cameron Highlands Golf Course (1930s);
Brinchang (1950s);
Tanah Rata (1940s);
Cluny Lodge (1960s);
Father's House (1950s);
Lutheran Mission bungalow (undated);
Tanah Rata post office (1950s);
the Cameron Highlands Home Guard (1950s); and
the then Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) when it moved to Tanah Rata in 1947.
Gallery
Milestones
The museum was visited by Miss Hong Kong 2008 (Ms Edelweiss Cheung), 1st and 2nd runners-up (Ms Skye Chan and Ms Sia Ma) during their tour of Malaysia in August 2008. Their visitation was organised by Hong Kong's Television Broadcasts Limited, Tourism Malaysia and Hong Thai Travel Services.
In June 2018, the museum opened a second space in Ipoh known as the Time Tunnel Ipoh Old Town museum. One of its early visitors was They Andrew Goledzinowski, the Australian High Commissioner to Malaysia.
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
References
Notes
News articles
External links
Cameron Highlands website
Time Tunnel (museum) Cameron Highlands
Cameron Highlands
Museums in Malaysia
Tourist attractions in Pahang
Buildings and structures in Pahang
2007 establishments in Malaysia
Rhadinematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida.
Genera:
Cricolaimus Southern, 1914
Lavareda da Fonseca-Genevois, Smol & Bezerra, 2011
Rhadinema Cobb, 1920
References
Nematodes
The colonial governors of Florida governed Florida during its colonial period (before 1821). The first European known to arrive there was Juan Ponce de León in 1513, but the governorship did not begin until 1565, when Pedro Menéndez de Avilés founded St. Augustine and was declared Governor and Adelantado of Florida. This district was subordinated to the Viceroyalty of New Spain. In 1763, following the transfer of Florida to Britain, the territory was divided into West Florida and East Florida, with separate governors. This division was maintained when Spain resumed control of Florida in 1783, and continued as provincial divisions with the Spanish Constitution of 1812. The Spanish transferred control of Florida to the United States in 1821, and the organized, incorporated Florida Territory was established on March 30, 1822. This became the modern State of Florida on March 3, 1845.
First Spanish period, 1565–1763
British period, 1763–1784
East Florida
West Florida
Second Spanish period, 1784–1821
East Florida
West Florida
See also
List of governors of Florida, for a list of the United States territorial and state governors of Florida since 1821.
References
External links
The Governors of Colonial Florida, 1565-1821 at University of West Florida
Florida
Florida
.
Florida
Florida governors
The Aguman ding Maldang Talapagobra (AMT) (Kapampangan, League of Poor Laborers or League of Poor Workers) was a trade union in Pampanga, Philippines, organized by Pedro Abad Santos in 1933. It was influenced by European socialism and anarchism, functioned as a mutual aid association, and participated in electoral politics.
The AMT was supported by the Partido Sosyalista ng Pilipinas (Socialist Party of the Philippines), a socialist party established by Abad Santos when the Partido Komunista ng Pilipinas (Communist Party of the Philippines) was outlawed in 1932. The AMT employed strike actions and mass demonstrations against landowners.
There were occasions during the 1930s when members of the AMT were found dead, having been killed by security personnel of the sugar centrals or private armies of landowners.
References
Trade unions established in 1933
Trade unions in the Philippines
Political repression in the Philippines
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Kaiyō, Kaifu District, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the third-sector Asa Seaside Railway and bears the station number "AK28".
Lines
Kaifu Station is served by the Asato Line and located 1.5 km from the terminus of the line at Awa-Kainan Station. The JR Mugi Line hasn't interconnected with Asa Seaside Railway since 2021.
Layout
The station, which is unstaffed, consists of two side platforms serving two tracks on an elevated structure. There is no station building and the station is unstaffed. Access to the platforms is by means of a flight of steps and the two platforms are linked by a level crossing across the tracks. A bike shed is provided at the base of the elevated structure.
Just to the north of the station, trains pass through the , a short tunnel original driven through a hill. Land development had led to the entire hill being removed but the tunnel structure was left intact.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Asa Seaside Railway
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened Kaifu Station on 1 October 1973 as an intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was extended from to . On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of JNR, control of the station passed to JR Shikoku. On 26 March 1992, the third sector Asa Kaigan Railway completing the extension of the track southwards to and the Asatō Line began operations with Kaifu as the northern terminus.
On 23 December 2015, a local community group in Kaiyō opened a community interaction centre underneath the elevated structure of the station to promote interaction between senior citizens and children in the town. It was located in the premises of a former town tourism information centre which had been built there in 1995.
Since 1 November 2020, the station has been transferred to Asa Seaside Railway from JR Shikoku as DMV is commenced operations from summer 2021.
Surrounding area
Kaiyo Town Hall Kaifu Government Building
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Asa Kaigan Railway official website
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1973
Kaiyō, Tokushima
St. Mary's High School is a private Catholic co-educational primary and secondary boarding and day school, located in Sukkur, Sindh, Pakistan. Founded in 1881, the school is administered by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hyderabad in Pakistan.
The campus has 30 classrooms where, as of 2014, around 1,300 students were being taught by 75 teachers.
History
In 1860, a few European and Goan Catholics came to Sukkur as railway employees. They requested the Archbishop of Bombay to assign a permanent priest. The first priest, Fr. Victor, was there for only a short while. In 1883, Fr. Peter S.J. became the parish priest. They felt that there should be a school where the children could get an education. So the Archbishop of Bombay requested the railway authority to construct a school.
The school was started in 1881, but it was not recognized until 1888. It was run by the Jesuits from 1 October 1888 to 1915 as a primary school, initially for the children of railway personnel, but in 1897 it was opened to all local people.
In 1902, there were only twelve students in five classes with one teacher. Due to the small number of students, the railway grant-in-aid was cut off on 9 May 1903. During the first twelve years, the number of students never increased beyond thirty.
In January 1889, a railway bungalow was given for the use of the school and a grant-in-aid of Rs. 20 was approved.
On 8 March 1911, railway authorities asked the school management to vacate the bungalow that was given for school use, as the railway department needed it for its own use.
The parish provided a building which opened as a school on 23 May 1911. In 1915, local clergy took over the running of the parish. The school again started receiving financial assistance from the railway on 29 April 1916. The education department recognized it on 28 July 1917. The number of students studying at that time was seventy-seven in seven classes.
Slowly growth in enrollment reached ninety-nine in 1930. In 1934, electric fans were installed offering some relief in the summers. In this year, the Sindh Mission was separated from Bombay Archdiocese. In 1935, a bus was sanctioned.
In 1940, the management was handed over to the Franciscan Missionaries of Christ the King. Sr. Lucy was appointed as the school's principal. The school prepared students for the Cambridge Ordinary level examinations only and there were 109 students. In 1949, the number rose to 252 students and 12 teachers were on the staff.
In 1942, a boarding option for girls was established. Sr. Lucy was principal followed by Sr. Clare in 1945. The school expanded to the matriculation level in 1950. That year, the principal saw the need for a primary Urdu school and on 13 October 1953 it came into existence. A boarding option was also started for boys.
In 1960, the management was handed to the Franciscan priests. In the early 1960s, Fr. John Baptist Todd took over as the principal. In 1963, a science laboratory was built. In 1970, Sr. Flavia FMCK was handed over the charge of the school.
In 1972, Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, the Prime Minister of Pakistan, nationalized many private educational institutions including St. Mary's. The government returned the school to its original owners in 1990. Sr. Flavia returned as principal. But the condition of the school was terrible – it had been stripped and damaged. It was almost completely destroyed, both the building and academically.
Recent events
Sr. Rosey Yacoob took over as principal in 1992. With the support of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hyderabad and Catholic Board of Education, the foundation stone of the new school building was laid in 1997 and the opening ceremony was performed in October 1998.
The newly constructed classrooms proved to be insufficient due to the increase in the number of students. Realizing the need for more classrooms, the foundation stone for a new wing was laid in 2000. On the first floor there are five classrooms and a conference room, while there is an auditorium on the second floor.
In April 2006, the convener of the standing committee on minorities of the National Assembly said that repair work on the damaged classrooms of the school would be started within a few days. The same year the school celebrated its 125th anniversary.
In 2010, the sisters of the School organized teams of volunteers to provide cooked food and water for hundreds of people affected by the floods in Sindh province. On 20 December 2011, Muslim, Hindu, and Christian students collectively organized a single event to celebrate Christmas, Diwali, and Eid in a display of religious solidarity.
Notable alumni
Ahmad Faruquiwriter, defense analyst and economist.
Aftab Manghifilm producer, writer and importer
See also
Catholic Church in Pakistan
Education in Pakistan
List of educational institutions in Sukkur
References
1881 establishments in British India
2nd-millennium establishments in Pakistan
Boarding schools in Pakistan
Co-educational boarding schools
Educational institutions established in 1881
Franciscan high schools
Catholic boarding schools
Catholic elementary and primary schools in Pakistan
Catholic secondary schools in Pakistan
Schools in Sindh
Sukkur
Robert Ruark (December 29, 1915 in Wilmington, North Carolina – July 1, 1965 in London, England) was an American author, syndicated columnist, and big game hunter.
Early life
Born Robert Chester Ruark, Jr., to Charlotte A. Ruark and Robert C. Ruark, a bookkeeper for a wholesale grocery, young Ruark grew up in Wilmington, North Carolina. Their brother, David, was adopted, and little is known about him. The Ruark family was deeply affected by the Depression, but still managed to send Robert to college. They graduated early from New Hanover High School, and enrolled in the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill at age 15. Their studies included a few journalism classes but did not gain a degree.
Early career
In the 1930s, Ruark was fired from an accounting job in the Works Progress Administration, and did a hitch in the United States Merchant Marine. They worked for two small town newspapers in North Carolina: the Hamlet News Messenger and, later, the Sanford Herald.
In 1936, Ruark moved to Washington, D.C., and was hired as a copy boy for The Washington Daily News, a Scripps-Howard newspaper. In just a few months they were the paper's top sports reporter.
During World War II, Ruark was commissioned an ensign in the United States Navy, and served ten months as a gunnery officer on the Atlantic and Mediterranean convoys.
Marriage
In 1938, Ruark married Virginia Webb, an interior designer from an upper-middle-class family in the Washington, D.C., area, and a graduate of Georgetown University. They divorced in 1963, and had no children. Virginia Webb-Ruark died in 1966.
Writing career
Upon their return to Washington, Ruark joined the Scripps-Howard Newspaper Alliance. As their obituary in The New York Times stated, Ruark was "sometimes glad, sometimes sad, and often mad — but almost always provocative." Some of their columns were eventually collected into two books, I Didn't Know It Was Loaded (1948) and One for the Road (1949).
As they became recognized, Ruark began to write fiction, first for literary magazines, and then their first novel, Grenadine Etching, in 1947. The novel parodied the popular historical romances of the time and set the stage for their many humorous novels and articles published in the Saturday Evening Post, Esquire, and other popular publications.
African safari
After enjoying some success as a writer, Ruark decided that it was time to fulfill a lifelong dream to go on safari to Africa, fueled by their doctor's advice to have a year's rest. Legendary Ker and Downey Safaris booked them with Harry Selby, and Ruark began a love affair with Africa. Ruark was booked with Selby because of a desire to use a tracker named Kidogo, who had once hunted with Ruark's friend, Russell B. Aitken when they were guided by white hunter, Frank Bowman. Ruark's pairing with Selby, though fortuitous, was pure chance. At the time of Ruark booking their safari, Kidogo had left Bowman and become a member of Selby's crew. Ruark requested to hunt with whichever white hunter Kidogo was working for.
As a result of this first safari, Ruark wrote a book called Horn of the Hunter, in which they detailed their hunt. Selby became an overnight legend and was subsequently booked for up to five years in advance by Americans wishing to duplicate Ruark's adventures. After the first safari, Selby and Ruark again went hunting, and this time they took cameras along. The result was a one-hour documentary entitled Africa Adventure, released by RKO pictures. Though extremely difficult to find, a 16mm print of this movie was discovered in 2002, and a DVD copy was created and donated to the Robert Ruark Foundation in Southport, North Carolina. An online version was subsequently posted on a popular consumer streaming site.
In 1953, Ruark began writing a series for Field & Stream magazine entitled The Old Man and the Boy. Considered largely autobiographical (although technically fiction), this heartwarming series ran until late 1961. The stories were characterized by the philosophical musings of the Old Man, who was modeled after both of Ruark's grandfathers, but mostly on Captain Edward "Ned" Hall Adkins, Ruark's maternal grandfather. In the stories, young Bob Ruark grows up hunting and fishing in coastal North Carolina, always guided by the Old Man. However, the pain of their parents' difficult domestic life and their relatively few childhood friends (Ruark, something of a child prodigy in school, was a loner) are tellingly absent from the narratives. Many of the stories were collected into a book of the same name, followed shortly thereafter by a companion book entitled The Old Man's Boy Grows Older. Today these two books are probably their best remembered works. Twenty stories were also published in the book Robert Ruark's Africa.
Ruark's first bestselling novel was published in 1955. Entitled Something of Value, it describes the Mau Mau Uprising by Kenyan rebels against British rule. The novel drew from the author's personal knowledge and experiences on safari in Africa, and was adapted into a 1957 film, Something of Value. Uhuru, a novel with a similar theme, but not intended to be a sequel, was published in 1962. "Uhuru" is the Swahili word for freedom. The book apparently libeled a particular politician in Kenya, and while Ruark was in Nairobi after its publication, staying at the New Stanley Hotel, they learned that a lawsuit had been filed against them by this politician. Before they could be served papers, however, they were tipped off, and they fled overnight to South Africa by air. They had intended to write a final book in the series with the working title of "A Long View From a Tall Hill," but this never materialized.
Last years
After their first half dozen books or so, Ruark continued to write, though few of their later novels matched their earlier successes. In 1960, after a bittersweet visit to their hometown of Wilmington, North Carolina, Ruark left the U.S. for good. They lived in London and Barcelona, before settling in Sant Antoni de Calonge in Catalunya, Spain. Shortly before their death, they wrote a final article which later appeared in Playboy and was titled "Nothing Works and Nobody Cares." They died in London, England, on July 1, 1965, of cirrhosis of the liver brought on by alcoholism. Their last novel, The Honey Badger, exemplified the condition of the author at this time in their life. The book was published posthumously, as was Use Enough Gun, which is essentially a collection of excerpts from their earlier works. More notable are the two collections published by McIntosh and Casada, which are representative of the author's finest work.
Robert Ruark is buried in Palamós in the Province of Girona in Catalunya, Spain.
Bibliography
Grenadine Etching (1947)
I Didn't Know It Was Loaded (1949)
One for the Road (1949)
Grenadine's Spawn (1952)
Horn of the Hunter (1953)
Something of Value (1955)
The Old Man and the Boy (1957)
Poor No More (1959)
The Old Man's Boy Grows Older (1961)
Uhuru (1962)
The Honey Badger (1965)
Use Enough Gun: On Hunting Big Game (1966)
Women (1967)
Robert Ruark's Africa by Michael McIntosh (1991), a collection of Ruark's magazine articles
The Lost Classics (1996), additional hunting adventures
Filmography
Africa Adventure (1955–56), narrator, writer, and director
References
Further reading
Someone of Value: A Biography of Robert Ruark, Hugh Foster (2001)
A View from a Tall Hill: Robert Ruark in Africa, Terry Wieland (2004)
Ruark Remembered: By the Man Who Knew Him Best, Alan Ritchie (2007)
External links
The Robert Ruark Society
provides some insight on Ruark's life and family background
The Life and Writing of Robert Ruark
1915 births
1965 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Writers from Wilmington, North Carolina
Works Progress Administration workers
American hunters
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from North Carolina
The British Normandy Memorial is a war memorial near the village of Ver-sur-Mer in Normandy, France. It was unveiled on 6 June 2021, the 77th anniversary of D-Day, and it is dedicated to soldiers who died under British command during the Normandy landings.
The memorial records the names of 22,442 people from more than 30 countries under British command who were killed in Normandy from 6 June to 31 August 1944 .
Background
The Normandy landings began just after midnight on 6 June 1944, with a glider assault to capture the Caen canal and Orne river bridges.
US forces began landings on Utah and Omaha Beaches at about 06:30. About an hour later, due do different tide conditions along the coast, British and Canadian forces landed on Gold, Juno and Sword Beaches, from Port-en-Bessin in the west to Ouistreham in the east. Ver-sur-Mer lies at the eastern end of King Sector of Gold Beach, near its border with the west edge of Juno Beach, on the road inland from the landing site around La Rivière to Crépon.
Establishment
In July 2015, George Batts, a veteran of the Normandy landings, met with BBC journalist Nicholas Witchell. Batts pointed out that the United Kingdom was the only major Allied nation without a dedicated memorial in Normandy. The Normandy Memorial Trust was set up after their meeting.
Construction of the memorial cost , of which was funded by the British government using proceeds from fines levied after the Libor scandal, and by private donations.
About 18 hectares of land for the memorial was acquired on a hill to the west of Ver-sur-Mer overlooking Gold Beach, and permission for the memorial sought from French authorities in 2017 and 2018. The site was formally inaugurated by British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron on 6 June 2019, the 75th anniversary of D-Day, after the installation of David Williams-Ellis's D-Day Sculpture.
Construction was performed from 2019 to 2020 by the French company Eiffage-Route. The stonework was made by the stonemasons S. McConnell and Sons at their works in Kilkeel, County Down, Northern Ireland, using 4,000 tons of French limestone from Massangis.
Design and symbolism
The memorial was designed by British architect Liam O'Connor, who previously designed the British Armed Forces Memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire, and also the RAF Bomber Command Memorial in London. Long crossing paths of the memorial create a plan that resembles the Union Flag.
The centrepiece of the memorial is a bronze sculpture by David Williams-Ellis, with larger than life size statues of three soldiers coming ashore during the landings.
The names of 1,746 people killed on D-Day, 6 June 1944, are inscribed on the D-Day Wall of the central memorial court, constructed around Williams-Ellis's sculpture. The dead on succeeding days are inscribed on 160 white columns of the cloister court in chronological order of death clockwise around the Memorial Court, up to 31 August (shortly after the closure of the Falaise Gap on 21 August and the liberation of Paris on 25 August, and just before the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force moved from London to Versailles and Dwight D. Eisenhower took direct command of Allied forces in Western Europe). The names are arranged on each day by service branch, including RAF personnel killed on supporting missions, and special forces and agents operating behind German lines, including members of the SAS and SOE. The roll of honour was compiled by professional historians, Jane Furlong and Andrew Whitmarsh.
The memorial lies parallel to the coast, about inland from Gold Beach. The site includes a memorial dedicated to the 20,000 French civilians killed during the war in Normandy.
In a field adjacent to the memorial are the remains of the Mont Fleury German battery of coastal guns that remained uncompleted on D-Day, with only one captured Soviet 122 mm gun M1931 (A-19) gun installed but not yet operational. The village of Ver-sur-Mer has a French war memorial, separate memorials to the Royal Artillery regiments of the 50th (Northumbrian) Infantry Division and to the 2nd battalion of the Hertfordshire Regiment, and a preserved Sexton self-propelled 25-pounder gun. A small memorial to CSM Stan Hollis of the Green Howards, the Stan Hollis Hut, stands by the beach near where they landed on 6 June 1944.
Reception
During planning some local residents expressed concern over an increase in tourism and environmental degradation to the area. The reaction of visitors and local residents since the memorial was completed has been very positive.
Maintenance
The British Normandy Memorial is maintained in partnership with the Commonwealth War Graves Commission. As noted above, the construction of the memorial was supported by the British Government. Ongoing maintenance of the memorial and its landscape is funded through voluntary contributions.
See also
List of military cemeteries in Normandy
References
Notes
Citations
External links
British military memorials and cemeteries
2021 establishments in France
2021 establishments in the United Kingdom
World War II memorials in France
Bronze sculptures in France
2021 sculptures
Sculptures of men in France
Death in Normandy
Statues in France
Miss Europe 1950 was the 14th edition of the Miss Europe pageant and the third edition under the Mondial Events Organization. It was held in Rimini, Italy on 9 September 1950. Hanni Schall of Austria, was crowned Miss Europe 1950 by out going titleholder Juliette Figueras of France.
Results
Placements
Contestants
- Hanni Schall
- Nicole Poncelet
- Marianne Schleiss
- Hilkka Marjatta Ruuska
- Claude Renault
- Susanne Charlotte Erichsen
- Hilda Lesman
- Giovanna Pala
- Aud Grenness (Aud Grenes)
- Maria da Conceição Pinto Viergas Louro
- Graziana Simonici
- Ebbe Adrian
- Frances Freiburghaus
- Güler Ariman (Güler Arıman)
Notes
Debuts
Withdrawals
Returns
"Comité Officiel et International Miss Europe" 1951 Competition
From 1951 to 2002 there was a rival Miss Europe competition organized by the "Comité Officiel et International Miss Europe". This was founded in 1950 by Jean Raibaut in Paris, the headquarters later moved to Marseille. The winners wore different titles like Miss Europe, Miss Europa or Miss Europe International.
In 1951, for the first time ever, the competition took place in Palermo, Italy. There were 7 delegates all from their own countries. At the end, Jacqueline Grenton of Switzerland was crowned as Miss Europa 1951 thus becoming the first ever Miss Europa.
Placements
{| class="wikitable"
! Final results
! Contestant
|-
| Miss Europa 1951
|
- Jacqueline Grenton
|-
| 1st runner-up
| - Giovanna Mazzotti
|-
|rowspan=2| 2nd runner-up| - Elizabeth Mayerhoffer (tied)
|-
| - Monique Vallier (tied)
|}
Contestants - Monique Vallier - Giovanna Mazzotti - Elizabeth Mayerhoffer - Jacqueline Grenton'''
References
External links
Miss Europe
1950 beauty pageants
1951 beauty pageants
1950 in Italy
1951 in Italy
Callejones is a barrio in the municipality of Lares, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,575. Machos Cave () and Pajita Cave () are located in Callejones.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Callejones barrio was 2,152.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) and subbarrios, in turn, are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Callejones barrio:
, and .
Archeological site
An archeological site consisting of a batey (a large clearing where ceremonies took place) is located in Callejones. It is of the Early Ostionoid (pre-Taino) (AD 600–1200) and Late Ostionoid (Taino) (AD 1200–1500) prehistoric eras and has been researched by Jose Oliver, a researcher from Yale University, and Samuel Kirkland Lothrop.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Lares, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Lares, Puerto Rico
"Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me" was the second single from The Pipettes' debut album We Are the Pipettes. It was released on 27 March 2006 and available on CD, double 7" vinyl and digital download on Memphis Industries. The single was accompanied by another music video and garnered substantial airplay.
Track listing
CD single
"Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me"
"Dirty Mind (acoustic version)"
7" white vinyl single
"Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me"
"Your Guitars Are Wasted on Me"
7" green vinyl
"Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me"
"Judy (acoustic version)"
Chart positions
EP
Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me is an extended play which was released in June 2007 in the United States distributed under the Cherrytree Records, an imprint of Interscope Records.
Track listing
Enhanced CD
"Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me"
"I Love You"
"Really That Bad"
"Guess Who Ran Off with the Milkman?"
Video: "Your Kisses Are Wasted on Me"
References
2006 singles
2006 songs
The Pipettes songs
Natanzi is one of the Central Iranian varieties of Iran, one of five listed in Ethnologue that together have 35,000 speakers. Dialects are Natanzi, Farizandi, Yarandi/Yarani. It is closely related to Sohi.
References
Western Iranian languages
The rufous chatterer (Argya rubiginosa) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
rufous chatterer
Birds of East Africa
rufous chatterer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dmitrii Kiselev (born 15 November 1994) is a Russian handball player for HBC CSKA Moscow and the Russian national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Voronezh Oblast
Russian male handball players
RK Vardar players
Expatriate handball players
Russian expatriate sportspeople in North Macedonia
Rebecca Wasserman-Hone (January 18, 1937 – August 20, 2021) was an American wine expert, importer, and promoter, based in France.
Early life
Rebecca Louisa Rand was born and raised in New York City, the daughter of Louis H. Rand and Yolanda Y. Dragoș. Them father was a stockbroker; their mother was a ballerina with the Romanian Royal Opera House. They graduated from Hunter College High School, and then briefly attended Bryn Mawr College. They had musical training as a harpsichordist, and studied composition.
Career
Wasserman moved to Burgundy in 1968 with their husband and young children, and lived on a farm in Bouilland. After a divorce, they worked with a neighbor to sell oak barrels to American wineries. In time, they became a wine agent, initially for a California importer, Kermit Lynch. They founded their business, Le Serbet (later Becky Wasserman & Co.), in Beaune in 1979. In 1997 they became a Chevalier de l'Ordre du Mérite Agricole, for their services to Burgundy farmers. They were honored with the Decanter's Hall of Fame award in 2019.
Wasserman-Hone was credited with promoting awareness of the products of artisanal vineyards in Burgundy to Americans and other markets. They had little patience for fussiness about wines, saying "A wine is not to be discussed, it is to be drunk and give happiness and joy and a nice feeling to people."
Personal life
Rebecca Rand married three times. Them first husband was Dennis Andrew; they divorced. Them second husband was artist Bart Wasserman. They had two sons before they, too, divorced. Them third husband was a British wine expert, Russell Hone. They married in 1989. After several years of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, they died in Beaune in 2021, aged 84 years.
References
External links
Becky Wasserman & Co., their company's website
Linfield Archives, "Oral History interview with Becky Wasserman" (February 2021), on YouTube
A recording of a 2019 conversation with Becky Wasserman, with Bryce Wiatrak, for GuildSomm
1937 births
2021 deaths
American expatriates in France
American people of Romanian descent
20th-century American business persons
People from New York City
Lucy Mary Silcox (11 July 1862 – 11 January 1947) was an English headteacher and feminist. They were noted as an inspiring head at three girls' schools.
Life
Silcox was born in Warminster in 1862.
After gaining a first class pass at the classics tripos at Newnham College they began teaching classics at Liverpool High School for Girls. In 1890 they were given their first headship when they began to lead the East Liverpool High School for Girls funded by what became the Girls' Day School Trust. It opened in 1891 with 17 pupils. They gave their time to give extra lessons to pupils including the future member of parliament Eleanor Rathbone. In 1900 they moved on to lead the West Dulwich High School for Girls leaving their previous school under the leadership of their younger sister.
Sir Ernest Gowers was amongst those who considered Silcox to be an outstanding head teacher. They believed in their pupils and they trusted them to largely self govern the school. Meanwhile they led them to give of themselves freely and to value truth and beauty. When they began their final job as a headteacher leading the girls' public boarding-school Saint Felix School, Southwold they gave a talk to the school where they compared the school to a ship where each crew member needed to do their part. They took over Saint Felix School from the founding head Margaret Isabella Gardiner who was in poor health. Silcox attracted some pupils and building work commenced with a library and a new hall named Gardiner Hall in 1910.
They were able to bring leading thinkers and artists to the school and money was found to buy sculpture and paintings. The modernist paintings they bought inspired pupils like the artist Gwyneth Johnstone who remembered seeing work by Christopher Wood. They directed the girls in ancient Greek plays and they were a role model for demanding change. They were President of the local National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies and they gave talks in surrounding villages in support of women gaining the vote.
They became a wartime head and during the 1916-1917 school year there was an outpost of the school at Penmaenmawr. The school was evacuated more than once, however they stuck by their values. They helped Serbian refugees. During a debate about poor behaviour by their enemies they said that they should and could not retaliate in kind. They said "If we perish but we will not do this thing". Silcox was head at Saint Felix School until 1926.
Silcox died at their home in Boars Hill, Oxford in 1947. They left their books and paintings to be shared between their school and Newnham College. The paintings were bought by Leicester Art Gallery.
References
1862 births
1947 deaths
English feminists
People from Warminster
Heads of schools in England
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
In film editing, video editing and post production, screen direction is the direction that actors or objects appear to be moving on the screen from the point of view of the camera or audience. A rule of film editing and film grammar is that movement from one edited shot to another must maintain the consistency of screen direction in order to avoid audience confusion.
"Camera left" or "frame left" indicates movement towards the left side of the screen, while "camera right" or "frame right" refers to movement towards the right side of the screen. "Foreground" refers to the apparent space close to the camera (and thus to the audience), and "background" refers to the apparent space in the distance away from the camera and the audience.
As an example of screen direction in use, if an actor is shown in one shot walking from screen left to screen right and then is shown in the next shot to be moving in the opposite direction (screen right to screen left), the audience will assume that the actor has changed direction and is walking back to where they started (in the absence of obvious contextual or environmental cues).
If the shot shows them again moving from screen left to screen right (as in the first shot), the audience will assume that the actor is continuing their previous movement and extending it to apparently cover a greater distance even if that is purely a fabrication of editing.
Another example would be if two characters are shown in a medium shot, say from the waist up, looking at each other, it is generally established that one is on the left of screen and the other on the right. The one on the left looks right to the other character and vice versa. When the editor cuts to a close shot of a person, it would be disorienting if the character looked the other way. The audience would assume that the character is looking at something else.
In the coverage of the scene, it is customary in film technique to be sure that screen direction is maintained. In a close up, the environmental cues are at a minimum.
It is the responsibility of the director, cameraman, and script supervisor on the set to maintain consistency of screen direction so that later during editing, the myriad short pieces of film can be properly assembled by the editor into a coherent film that tells the story intended.
Avant-garde, experimental, and some independent film and video productions often deliberately violate screen direction rules in order to create audience disorientation or ambiguity. However, unless it is done very skillfully, violation of screen direction can appear to the audience to be the result of filmmaker ineptitude rather than experimentation.
Cinematic techniques
Sir Thomas Gerard, 1st Baronet (1560 – 16 February 1621) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1621.
Gerard was the son of Sir Thomas Gerard, of Bryn Hall and their wife Elizabeth Port, daughter of Sir John Port, of Etwall, Derbyshire. Their brother Fr. John Gerard, was later ordained a Roman Catholic priest of the Society of Jesus and operated an underground ministry in Elizabethan England. Thomas Gerard matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford on 20 July 1578, aged 18. In 1579 they were a student of the Inner Temple. Their parents and brother John were Catholics and they were tutored by a Catholic. Their first wife Cecily was "a recusant and indicted thereof" and they employed a "notorious recusant" to educate their child and was described as "of evil affection in religion" in 1590.
Gerard was involved in an unfortunate incident in July 1583. They and wife were looking after a young Lancashire heiress Suzanne Abraham. A fencing master who was a relation of the girl invited them to a house in London near Cecil House. While the rest of the women were playing cards, the wife of the fencing master took Suzanne Abraham upstairs where they were secretly married to a stranger to gain their fortune. Recorder Fleetwood was appalled at the case.
Nevertheless, in 1597, they were elected Member of Parliament for Liverpool. They succeeded their father to the family estates in September 1601. They were knighted on 18 April 1603. When the order of baronet was first instituted on 22 May 1611, they were created a baronet and the £1,000, that was due to the Crown for such creation, was returned in consideration of their Father's sufferings in the cause of the King's mother Mary, Queen of Scots. In 1614 they were elected MP for Lancashire. They were elected MP for Wigan in 1621.
Gerard died at the age of about 60 and was buried at St Margaret's, Westminster, on 16 February 1621.
Gerard married firstly Cecily Maney, daughter of Sir Walter Maney, of Staplehurst in about 1580, with whom they had a son and heir Thomas. They married secondly, after 1606, Mary Lee, widow of Sir Robert Lee, Lord Mayor of London, and formerly of William Smith, of London and daughter of Sir James Hawes who was also Lord Mayor. Their third wife was Mary Uvedale, widow of Sir Edward Uvedale and formerly of the Hon. Anthony Browne and daughter of Sir William Dormer, of Wing, Buckinghamshire. They had no children by their second and third wives.
References
1560 births
1621 deaths
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Lancashire
Members of the Inner Temple
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Liverpool
People from Wigan
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Burials at St Margaret's, Westminster
English MPs 1597–1598
English MPs 1614
English MPs 1621–1622
The 1974 Wyoming gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1974. Incumbent Republican Stanley Hathaway chose to retire than run for a third term as Governor of Wyoming. Former Democratic State Representative Edgar Herschler defeated former Republican State Senator Dick Jones.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Edgar Herschler, former State Representative
Harry Leimback, State Senator
John J. Rooney, former State Representative and nominee for governor in 1970
Republican primary
Candidates
Dick Jones, former State Senator
Malcolm Wallop, State Senator
Roy Peck, State Senator
Clarence Brimmer, Wyoming Attorney General
Results
References
Wyoming
1974
1974 Wyoming elections
Old Jail may refer to:
In the United States (ordered by state and then city)
Old Jail (Gordo, Alabama), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Alabama
Old Scott County Jail, in Waldron, Arkansas
Old Hamilton County Jail, listed on the NRHP in Jasper, Florida
Old Taylor County Jail, listed on the NRHP in Perry, Florida
Old St. Johns County Jail, listed on the NRHP in St. Augustine, Florida
Old Jail Museum (Conyers, Georgia), listed on the NRHP in Rockdale County, Georgia
Quitman County Courthouse and Old Jail, listed on the NRHP in Georgetown, Georgia
Old Jail (Washington, Georgia), NRHP-listed in Wilkes County
Old Jail (Muscatine, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Old St. Helena Parish Jail, listed on the NRHP in Greensburg, Louisiana
Old Jail (Barnstable, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Old Jail Museum (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania), listed on the NRHP in Franklin County, Pennsylvania
Old Scott County Jail (Huntsville, Tennessee), listed on the NRHP in Huntsville, Tennessee
Old Fentress County Jail, listed on the NRHP in Jamestown, Tennessee
Old Jail (Sneedville, Tennessee), listed on the NRHP in Tennessee
Old Cameron County Jail, listed on the NRHP in Brownsville, Texas
In the United Kingdom
Old Jail, Biggin Hill, a pub in Biggin Hill, Westerham, Kent, England
See also
Old Gaol (disambiguation)
Jails and prisons listed on the National Register of Historic Places
List of jail and prison museums
W. P. Irwin Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Rensselaer in Rensselaer County, New York. It was originally built in 1873 and is a 2-story, rectangular flat-roofed, masonry structure on a stone foundation. A -story, four-bay flat-roofed brick rear wing was added in 1905. The building exhibits a number of Gothic Revival details.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
References
Bank buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Gothic Revival architecture in New York (state)
Commercial buildings completed in 1873
Buildings and structures in Rensselaer County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Rensselaer, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Rensselaer County, New York
Raphitoma contigua is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the shell varies between 5 mm and 12 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea.
References
External links
Monterosato T. A. (di) (1884). Nomenclatura generica e specifica di alcune conchiglie mediterranee. Palermo, Virzi, 152 pp
Gastropods.com: Raphitoma contigua
ÖZTÜRK, BİLAL, et al. "Marine molluscs of the Turkish coasts: an updated checklist." Turkish Journal of Zoology 38.6 (2014): 832-879
contigua
Gastropods described in 1884
The blond-crested woodpecker (Celeus flavescens) is a species of bird in the family Picidae, the woodpeckers, piculets and wrynecks.
It is found in Brazil, southeastern Paraguay, and extreme northeastern Argentina. A small disjunct population occurs at the Amazon River mouth and upstream, including the southern part of Ilha de Marajo. The ochre-backed woodpecker is sometimes considered a subspecies. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
The blond-crested woodpecker grows to a length of about . The crown, crest, nape, face and throat are cream, yellowish or ochre, depending on subspecies. The male has bright red patches on the cheeks, but the female lacks these, instead having blackish cheeks or cream cheeks with a few dark streaks. The spiky crest makes the head seem large. The mantle, back and wings are blackish, dark brown or ochre, lightly barred with buff or yellow. The rump is yellowish and the tail is black. The underparts are plain black or dark brown, sometimes finely barred with buff. The eye is reddish, and the beak and legs are grey.
Distribution and habitat
In eastern and southeastern South America, the blond-crested woodpecker ranges in eastern and central portions of the cerrado; it is also in most of the caatinga. A small range of the bird, (disjunct), occurs at the mouth of the Amazon River and upstream for 800 km in the Amazon basin; the range also covers the southern parts of Marajó Island. Its habitats include rainforest, gallery forest, plantations, palm groves, wooded savannah, orchards and gardens, at altitudes up to .
Ecology
The blond-crested woodpecker feeds on insects, mostly ants and termites on trees. It sometimes breaks into ant nests, creating cavities in which it nests. It also feeds on other invertebrates, fruit, seeds and sap, and is an important pollinator and disperser of seeds.
References
External links
Blond-crested woodpecker videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Blond-crested woodpecker photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Blond-crested woodpecker: Photos, vocalizations from The Birds of the Interior of Ceará, Brazil
blond-crested woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Cerrado
blond-crested woodpecker
blond-crested woodcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rattlesnake Creek is a tributary of Spring Brook in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Spring Brook Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . The creek has one named tributary, which is known as Six Springs Creek. Rattlesnake Creek is inhabited by wild trout and part of it is considered to be Class A Wild Trout Waters. A dammed lake known as Maple Lake is located near its headwaters. The surficial geology in the area mainly consists of Wisconsinan Till and bedrock, with some alluvium, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, wetlands, and peat bogs.
Course
Rattlesnake Creek begins near Tooley Corners in Spring Brook Township. It flows south for a few tenths of a mile and enters Maple Lake. On the southern side of the lake, it flows south for several tenths of a mile, crossing Pennsylvania Route 690 and receiving the tributary Six Springs Creek from the left. The creek then turns west for more than a mile before turning northwest and then north-northwest. After a few miles, it turns southwest and reaches its confluence with Spring Brook in the Nesbitt Reservoir.
Rattlesnake Creek joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth.
Tributaries
Rattlesnake Creek has one named tributary, which is known as Six Springs Creek. Six Springs Creek joins Rattlesnake Creek upstream of its mouth. Its watershed has an area of .
Hydrology
The concentration of alkalinity in Rattlesnake Creek is 17 milligrams per liter.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Rattlesnake Creek is above sea level. The elevation near the source of the creek is between above sea level.
The surficial geology along Rattlesnake Creek near its mouth mainly consists of alluvium. However, some patches of Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift and alluvial fan are present, as are larger areas of a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till and bedrock consisting of conglomerate, sandstone, and shale. Further upstream, the surficial geology immediately adjacent to the creek consists of alluvium, but it eventually switches to Wisconsinan Till, which also makes up most of the surficial geology elsewhere in the watershed. However, there are a few large patches of bedrock and a few small patches of Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift. Additionally, there are several patches of wetlands and peat bogs, especially near the headwaters.
Watershed
The watershed of Rattlesnake Creek has an area of . The mouth of the creek is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Avoca. However, its source is in the quadrangle of Moscow.
A lake known as Maple Lake is on the upper reaches of Rattlesnake Creek. It has an area of approximately . The lake is dammed by the Maple Lake Dam, a homogeneous earthfill embankment. The dam has a width of and a maximum height of .
Below the second Pennsylvania Route 690 crossing, Rattlesnake Creek is entirely on private land and is closed to access.
History
Rattlesnake Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1184670.
There were historically lumber woods in the vicinity of Rattlesnake Creek. A concrete tee beam bridge carrying Pennsylvania Route 690 was constructed across Rattlesnake Creek in 1957. It is long and is situated in Spring Brook Township.
Biology
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Rattlesnake Creek from its headwaters downstream to its mouth. The creek is also considered by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission to be Class A Wild Trout Waters for brook trout and brown trout from the second crossing of Pennsylvania Route 690 downstream to its mouth, a distance of . The creek has supported trout populations as early as the 1970s.
See also
Green Run (Spring Brook), next tributary of Spring Brook going downstream
Plank Bridge Creek, next tributary of Spring Brook going upstream
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Alanda Kariza (born February 23, 1991) is an Indonesian writer, youth advocate, and social entrepreneur. They initiated the Indonesian Youth Conference as a tool for young people in Indonesia to speak up and address their aspirations.
Education
Alanda graduated from Binus University with a bachelor's degree in economics, majoring in international business. They received the Grand Scholarship for three years and Academic Merit Scholarship from the institution.  They are currently completing their master's degree in behavioural economics at the University of Warwick, England, with the Chevening Scholarship.  They are also an alumnus of Global Changemakers, One Young World, and a part of the World Economic Forum's Global Shapers. Alanda completed a one-year fellowship at The DO School and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Bibliography
Fiction:
Mint Chocolate Chips (young adult, Terrant Books, 2005)
Vice Versa (short story anthology, Terrant Books, 2010)
Pertama Kalinya (short story anthology, with Sitta Karina and other writers, Gramedia Pustaka Utama, 2010)
Jika (short story anthology written with 12 other female writers, GagasMedia, 2012)
Beats Apart (novel, with Kevin Aditya, Kepustakaan Populer Gramedia, 2015)
Non-fiction:
The Journeys 2 (travel memoir anthology, GagasMedia, 2012)
DreamCatcher (self-development/psychology, GagasMedia, 2012)
Travel Young (self-development/travel memoir, GagasMedia, 2015)
Youth advocacy & leadership
In 2009, Alanda was appointed to represent Indonesia in British Council's Global Changemakers Guildford Forum 2009 Following their initial involvement in the Global Changemakers, which is an international forum of young activists, they also represented Indonesia in the Global Changemakers at the G-20 London Summit where they got the chance to address young people's unprecedented solutions for the Financial crisis of 2007-2010 to former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown, the President of Mexico Felipe Calderón, the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, as well as other prominent figures such as Cherie Blair, David Miliband, and Hassan Wirajuda. Alanda has also presented their views on youth issues in front of the Pontifical Council for Culture, International Labour Organization, and World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos.
Recognition
Alanda became the youngest among Media Indonesia's 40 Most Influential People in 2010. On early 2010, Kariza received the ASHOKA Young Changemakers Awards 2010: Innovation in Clean Water and Sanitation due to their voluntary work through The Cure For Tomorrow.
References
External links
Alanda Kariza's Website
1991 births
Living people
Indonesian writers
Christopher Sheffield (born July 13, 1988) is an American actor.  They are best known for playing the role of Ben in The Maze Runner and Will Mason in The Last Ship.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
Living people
American male film actors
American people of Italian descent
American male television actors
People from Arlington, Texas
Male actors from Texas
1988 births
Brand activism is one way business can play a role in processes of social, political, economic, or environmental change. Applying brand activism, businesses show concern not for profits but for the communities they serve, and their economic, social, and environmental problems, which allows businesses to establish value-based relationships with customers and prospects. Businesses express brand activism through the vision, values, goals, communication, and behavior of the businesses and its brands towards the communities they are part of. Unlike corporate social responsibility and environmental, social and corporate governance politics, which are marketing-driven and corporate-driven, brand activism is society-driven.
In their book titled Brand Activism: From Purpose to Action, Philip Kotler and Christian Sarkar define brand activism as follows: "Brand Activism consists of business efforts to promote, impede, or direct social, political, economic, and/or environmental reform or stasis with the desire to promote or impede improvements in society; it is driven by a fundamental concern for the biggest and most urgent problems facing society."
Thus, brand activism can be regressive or progressive; for example companies that lobby our politicians for regressive policies are brand activists, as are companies seeking to have an impact on the biggest societal problems.
Current problems facing society typically drive companies towards brand activism. Once a brand sides with a cause, it must not only support the cause publicly but also it must actively contribute to the cause's initiatives. Brand activism shifts a company's vision from solely an internal impact to an external impact emphasizing advocacy and justice.
History
The first company ever recorded to share its beliefs with the public was The Body Shop, a cosmetics company founded in Brighton, England. Founder Dame Anita Roddick wanted to build a brand that was animal cruelty free, environmentally friendly, and inclusive of every body type. In 1986, The Body Shop took their beliefs a few steps further when Roddick joined forces with the Save the Whales campaign to put an end to whaling for profit. Since then, several other companies have broadcast their beliefs in the name of brand activism.
Into the 21st Century
At the turn of the 21st century, millennials and Gen Z inspired more business to support societal causes. Both generations are heavily involved in the digital world, and make social issues public in any part of the world with a connection to the Internet. Brands can show their support for social issues via social media. Not only can company use Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, or other platforms to stand in solidarity, but can also use their influence to educate consumers about why a social issue is relevant and important.
Brand activism affects company consumption as well. Consumers support brands that support similar causes to their own. Social media brand activism can come in a variety of forms such as ad campaigns, celebrity endorsements, non-profits partnerships, or public donations.
Black Lives Matter
In 2013, #BlackLivesMatter was established. This gave rise to hashtag activism as a way for companies to show public support and it allowed for brand's personality to shine through for consumers. Several brands, such as Ben & Jerry's and Glossier, shared the hashtag on their social media accounts as a way to declare solidarity against police brutality. In 2018 Nike advertised the celebrity endorsement of former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick, a strong supporter of BLM. Consumers had mixed reactions to their campaign-ad slogan "Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything." Some supported Kaepernick while others burned their Nike merchandise in retaliation.
COVID-19 pandemic
During the coronavirus pandemic, social media usage was at an all-time high. People used social media to stay connected while face-to-face public interaction was more restricted. This heightened consumer consciousness, which in turn forced businesses to respond to social issues. Brands had to analyze their company values and determine whether they should support certain causes such as environmental ethics, immigration reform, politics, or public health. Many brands used their platform to encourage the public to wear masks and social distance to drive down COVID-19 cases.
See also
Consumer activism
Economic activism
References
Activism
Activism by type
Mary Masters Kolar (born Mary Theresa Masters in 1958) is an American retired military officer and politician who is the Wisconsin Secretary of Veterans Affairs in the Administration of Governor Tony Evers.
Background and education
Secretary Kolar grew up in Wilton, Wisconsin. They earned a Bachelor's Degree in Marketing from the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse, a Master's degree in Adult Education from the University of Rhode Island, and a Master's Degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College.
Secretary Kolar served 28 years on active duty for the United States Navy from 1980 to 2008, retiring with the rank of captain. During their military career, they served in various command and staff positions across the nation, spending much of their time recruiting, training, educating and leading Sailors. Them nearly three decades of service in multiple states including Virginia, Florida, Rhode Island, New York, Illinois, Pennsylvania, and Georgia as well as Washington DC, enabled them to work with diverse groups of people and large organizations with multi-million-dollar budgets. Amongst the most rewarding for Kolar was as executive officer at the Navy's only boot camp witnessing, every week, thousands of recruits begin their Navy careers as Sailors.
Secretary Kolar later worked as the Director of Public Operations for the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art. Kolar has said that of their achievements in life, enabling six formerly homeless veterans to have employment during their time at the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art is one they have been most pleased to have been able to do.
Although their military service in uniform concluded in 2008, Secretary Kolar continued to serve Wisconsin's veterans community through membership and leadership of various veteran-focused organizations. They represented downtown Madison on the Dane County Board of Supervisors for six years (2013-2019), and worked extensively with the Dane County Veterans Service Office to ensure that veterans and their families received whatever assistance they needed. Secretary Kolar also oversaw multiple community-based organizations and was the vice president of the Wisconsin Veterans Museum Foundation's Board of Directors.
Political career
Kolar was elected President of the Metropolitan Place Condominium Owners and served from 2009-2014.
Kolar served on and was the Chairperson of the Dane County Veterans Service Commission. They were elected to the Dane County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors in 2013 and served until 2019. They also served three terms on the Wisconsin Counties Association Board of Directors. While on the county board, they served as Chair of the Zoning and Land Regulation Committee, Co-Chair of the City-County Liaison Committee, Vice Chair of the Dane County Housing Authority, Chair of the Healthy Farms Healthy Lakes Task Force, member of the Lakes and Watershed Commission, and member of the Cultural Affairs Commission. Kolar also served as the Vice President of the Wisconsin Veterans Museum Foundation. They continue to serve on the Board of Directors of the Dane County Veterans Treatment Court.
In early 2019, Kolar was appointed by Governor of Wisconsin Tony Evers to serve as their Secretary of Veterans Affairs. They were confirmed by the Wisconsin State Senate in October 2019. As Secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Veterans Affairs (WDVA), Kolar serves as the chief advocate for the more than 350,000 veterans in Wisconsin and their families.  They are also responsible for the leadership and management of the WDVA, including strategic and long-range planning initiatives that align with the department's vision.  They are the first woman to serve in the role and has worked to expand the state's veterans services and programs to women.
In August 2019, Secretary Kolar was elected District Vice President of the National Association of State Directors of Veterans Affairs.
Personal
Secretary Kolar's grandfather, father, and four brothers all served in the military.  They are married to Scott A. Kolar, a former United States Navy officer. The couple have two children.
References
1958 births
Living people
University of Wisconsin–La Crosse alumni
Military personnel from Wisconsin
University of Rhode Island alumni
Naval War College alumni
Wisconsin Democrats
State cabinet secretaries of Wisconsin
Bleak is an unincorporated community in Fauquier County, Virginia, United States.
Bleak had postal facilities in the early 1900s.
References
Unincorporated communities in Fauquier County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
A special election was held in in 1814 to fill a vacancy left by the resignation of Henry Clay (DR) on January 19, 1814 to accept a diplomatic position to the United Kingdom.
Election results
Hawkins took their seat March 29, 1814, during the 2nd (of 3) Session of the 13th Congress. Hawkins did not run for re-election in the 14th Congress and was succeeded by Henry Clay again.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
2nd congressional district special election
Kentucky 02
1814 02
Kentucky 1814 02
Kentucky 1814 02
United States House of Representatives 1814 02
Ted McCord, A.S.C. (August 2, 1900 – January 19, 1976) was an American cinematographer.
Biography
Born in Sullivan County, Indiana, McCord received three Academy Award nominations. The first two Johnny Belinda (1948) and Two for the Seesaw (1962) were for black-and white cinematography, and the third The Sound of Music (1965) was for color.
McCord died of cancer in Glendale, California at the age of 75.  They are interred at Glendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park.
Selected filmography
Man From 1997 (1956 television anthology episode)
Oscar nominations
1966: Best Cinematography, Color for The Sound of Music
1963: Best Cinematography, Black-and-White for Two for the Seesaw
1948: Best Cinematography, Black-and-White for Johnny Belinda
References
External links
Ted McCord at the American Film Institute Catalog
1900 births
1976 deaths
People from Sullivan County, Indiana
American cinematographers
Deaths from cancer in California
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Kranji Station may refer to the following:
Kranji MRT station in Singapore
Kranji railway station in Bekasi, West Java
Grêmio Atlético Farroupilha, commonly known as Farroupilha, is a Brazilian football club based in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul and part of state league competition in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. They won the Campeonato Gaúcho in 1935. The club until 1941 was formerly known as Grêmio Atlético do 9° Regimento.
History
The club was founded on April 26, 1926, as Grêmio Atlético do 9° Regimento. They won the Campeonato Gaúcho in 1935. Farroupilha won the Campeonato do Interior Gaúcho in 1934, 1935, 1969, 1961 and in 1967. The club was renamed to Grêmio Atlético Farroupilha in 1941, as the law prohibited civilian institutions, such as sports clubs, to use military names.
Achievements
Campeonato Gaúcho:
Winners (1): 1935
Campeonato do Interior Gaúcho:
Winners (5): 1934, 1935, 1969, 1961, 1967
Stadium
Grêmio Atlético Farroupilha play their home games at Estádio Nicolau Fico. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1926
Football clubs in Rio Grande do Sul
1926 establishments in Brazil
Keshabpur is a village in the Aramgah CD block in the Arambag subdivision of the Hooghly district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Keshabpur is located at .
The Mundeswari flows past Keshabpur.
Area overview
The Arambagh subdivision, presented in the map alongside, is divided into two physiographic parts – the Dwarakeswar River being the dividing line. The western part is upland and rocky – it is extension of the terrain of neighbouring Bankura district. The eastern part is flat alluvial plain area. The railways, the roads and flood-control measures have had an impact on the area. The area is overwhelmingly rural with 94.77% of the population living in rural areas and 5.23% of the population living in urban areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Keshabpur had a total population of 12,687 of which 6,521 (51%) were males and 6,166 (49%) were females. Population in the age range 0–6 years was 1,485. The total number of literate persons in Keshabpur was 8,910 (79.54% of the population over 6 years).
Education
Kabikankan Mukundaram Mahavidyalaya, a general degree college, was established at Keshabpur in 2007. Kabikankan Mukundaram Chakraborty had contributed to the Chandimangal, an important subgenre of mangalkavya, the most significant genre of medieval Bengali literature and panchalis (ballads celebrating the glory of particular deities). It is affiliated with the University of Burdwan and offers courses in arts.
References
Villages in Hooghly district
Herbert Alois Wagner (22 May 1900 – 28 May 1982) was an Austrian scientist who developed numerous innovations in the fields of aerodynamics, aircraft structures and guided weapons.  They are most famous for Wagner's function describing unsteady lift on wings and developing the Henschel Hs 293 glide bomb.
Early life
Wagner attended the Austrian Naval Academy from 1914 to 1917 and served as an Ensign in the Austrian Navy during World War I. They survived the sinking of their ship after it was struck by an enemy torpedo. After the war they returned to their studies, earning a doctorate from the Technical University of Berlin when they were only 23. Their doctoral thesis entitled "Origin of the dynamic lift of wings" contained the solution of one of fundamental unsteady aerodynamics problems concerned with lift force on wings that are suddenly set into motion. The result later became known as "Wagner's function".
In the mid-1920s they worked for Rohrbach Metall-Flugzeugbau on new designs for flying boats. During that time they also invented the so-called Wagner beam, a method of constructing aircraft structural components from sheet metal. Following a short stint as a professor at the Technical University of Berlin, they returned to industry at Junkers Flugzeugwerke, helping to design aircraft and aircraft engines working together with Hans von Ohain. There they played an instrumental role in the development of the first jet engines. They left Junkers following a disagreement with the management, and settled at Henschel Flugzeugwerke in Berlin.
World War II research
Wagner helped the computer pioneer Konrad Zuse as an intermediary concerning orders that Zuse got from the Reich Ministry of Aviation.
While at Henschel, Wagner began to study remotely controlled aircraft. In July 1940 they began work on a prototype glide bomb that could be used to attack thinly armored warships and merchant ships. This ultimately evolved into the Hs 293 guided missile, used with considerable effectiveness in late 1943 and early 1944. Several notable successes were achieved, including the first sinking of a ship by a remotely controlled weapon, the destruction of HMS Egret on 27 August 1943. Another notable success for the Hs 293 was the sinking of the transport HMT Rohna with the loss of over 1000 soldiers, sailors and crewmen.
However, the Allies developed several electronic countermeasures against the Hs 293 and other radio guides weapons, such as electronic jammers. Those and the increasing Allied air superiority prevented the Hs 293 from having any significant impact in the later war years.
They also designed the Henschel Hs 117 Schmetterling surface-to-air guided missile.
Post-war activities
After the war, Wagner was the first of many German scientists brought to America as part of Operation Paperclip, arriving at Frederick, Maryland on 18 May 1945 with seven large cases of blueprints and other technical data. Wagner and their team were moved to the Special Devices Center, a U.S.-Navy run research unit housed at the Castle Gould and Hempstead House, the former estate of Daniel and Florence Guggenheim at Sands Point, Long Island. There they supported U.S. efforts to deploy glide bombs against Japan.
Wagner then moved to the new Naval Air Missile Test Center in Point Mugu, California, the centerpiece of the U.S. Navy's research into guided missiles. There they helped develop the control mechanisms for advanced missiles, several of which remain (in upgraded forms) in service today. A formerly classified FBI counterintelligence report describes their approach to their work:
An excellent German scientist of good character and who is not interested in politics... They have given no evidence of being either pro-Nazi or pro-Communist and is disinterested politically... Once belonged to the German SS for a four week's instruction course but dropped out of same on their own volition... Is an opportunist who is interested only in science and does not subscribe to any political ideology... Since the death of their wife, Wagner has been drinking considerably but is not a drunkard.
Wagner left US government service and formed their own technical consulting firm, HA Wagner Company. They sold this company to Curtiss-Wright in 1957 and returned to Germany to take up a position as professor of Technical Mechanics and Space Technology at the RWTH Aachen University. They continued to serve as technical advisor to several U.S. defense companies during this period. Wagner was awarded the Ludwig-Prandtl-Ring from the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Luft- und Raumfahrt (German Society for Aeronautics and Astronautics) for "outstanding contribution in the field of aerospace engineering" in 1980. They died aged 82 on 28 May 1982.
References
Further reading
Aerodynamicists
Austrian emigrants to the United States
Austrian scientists
Junkers people
Messerschmitt Me 262
1900 births
1982 deaths
Operation Paperclip
Novaya Barsha (; Kaitag: Йенги Баршша; Dargwa: Сагаси Барша) is a rural locality (a selo) in Yangikentsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 153 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Novaya Barsha is located 9 km north of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yangikent and Chumli are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Rodger Wilton Young (April 28, 1918July 31, 1943) was a United States Army infantryman from Ohio during World War II. Born in the small town of Tiffin, Ohio, in 1918, Young suffered a sports injury in high school that led to theirs becoming nearly deaf and blind. Despite this, Young was able to pass the exams necessary to enter the Ohio National Guard. Soon after the United States entered World War II, Young's company was activated as part of the U.S. Army. Soon after their activation, in 1943, Young was killed on the island of New Georgia while helping their platoon withdraw from a Japanese ambush. For their actions, they were posthumously awarded the United States' highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor.
In the years after Young's death, their legacy was commemorated in many works. Songwriter Frank Loesser penned The Ballad of Rodger Young, a song which praises the courage of American infantrymen as represented by Young. The night infiltration course at Fort Benning is named for Young, as is a small arms firing range at Camp Perry.
Early life and education
Young was born on April 28, 1918, in Tiffin, Ohio, to Nicholas and Ester Young. They had four siblings; three brothers and one sister. For much of their early life, Young lived in the town of Green Springs, Ohio, but later in their childhood they and their family moved to Clyde, Ohio. Throughout their childhood, Young enjoyed hunting, which improved their marksmanship skills.
Although a small-statured boy, Young was a keen athlete. While at high school, Young tried out for their school's football team. They were not accepted at first, but eventually, Young's effort and enthusiasm in practices persuaded the coach to allow them to play in some games.
During a high school basketball game, Young received a serious head injury after contact with an opponent. The incident led to significant but gradual damage to their hearing and eyesight. Because of this, Young had to drop out of high school in their sophomore year, at which point their hearing and vision loss had progressed to a severe point.
Military service
Looking for ways to earn extra income and thinking that, because of their health issues, they would fail the normal Army medical exam, Young applied to the Ohio National Guard in 1939. Despite their poor sight and hearing, Young was accepted and posted to "B" Company, 148th Infantry Regiment of the 37th Infantry Division. Although Young was the shortest man in their company and wore glasses, they were considered a good soldier by their peers.
World War II
In October 1940, a year after joining the National Guard, Young and their unit were activated for federal service as part of American preparations for World War II. At that time, Young was a corporal, training new recruits in small arms handling. Following a promotion to sergeant, Young was assigned to lead an infantry squad. In 1942, soon after America's entry into the war, the 148th embarked for Fiji, in the Pacific, and after that to the nearby Solomon Islands for training prior to a deployment to the Japanese-held island of New Georgia. By this time, Young's hearing and eyesight had deteriorated to a point where, taking into account the safety of those under him, Young requested a demotion to private, which would render them unable to command a squad.
When Young submitted their request to the company commander, the commander initially thought Young was malingering in order to avoid combat; however, a medical examination carried out soon after determined that Young was nearly deaf, which convinced the commander to demote him. The examining doctor recommended that Young go to a field hospital for treatment. However, not wanting to miss the New Georgia landing, Young requested to remain with their squad. The commander accepted their request and a week later, on July 31, 1943, Young carried out the actions that led to their posthumous award of the Medal of Honor.
Nine days into the Battle of Munda Point, on July 31, Young was assigned to a 20-man patrol sent out at around 4:00 p.m. to reconnoiter Japanese territory. After achieving their objective, the patrol was returning to American lines when they were ambushed by five Japanese soldiers. Heavy fire from the enemy, who were concealed in a machine gun pit away on higher ground, prevented further movement forward of the patrol. Two soldiers were killed in the initial burst and Young was wounded. During an attempt to flank the enemy, two more soldiers were killed. At this point, the patrol leader ordered a withdrawal.
Young, ignoring the order to withdraw and their wound, began crawling towards the Japanese position. Another machine gun burst wounded Young a second time, but they continued their advance, drawing the enemy fire away from their squad. As Young drew closer to the machine gun pit, they began responding with rifle fire and by throwing hand grenades at the nest, wounding or killing most of the soldiers inside. Young was soon hit by enemy fire and killed. Because of their actions, Young's platoon was able to withdraw from the ambush without any further casualties.
On January 6, 1944, Young's family was presented with the Medal of Honor.
Young's Medal of Honor citation reads:
On July 31, 1943, the infantry company of which Pvt. Young was a member, was ordered to make a limited withdrawal from the battle line in order to adjust the battalion's position for the night. At this time, Pvt. Young's platoon was engaged with the enemy in a dense jungle where observation was very limited. The platoon suddenly was pinned down by intense fire from a Japanese machinegun concealed on higher ground only 75 yards away. The initial burst wounded Pvt. Young. As the platoon started to obey the order to withdraw, Pvt. Young called out that they could see the enemy emplacement, whereupon they started creeping toward it. Another burst from the machinegun wounded them the second time. Despite the wounds, they continued their heroic advance, attracting enemy fire and answering with rifle fire. When they were close enough to their objective, they began throwing handgrenades, and while doing so was hit again and killed. Pvt. Young's bold action in closing with this Japanese pillbox and thus diverting its fire, permitted their platoon to disengage itself, without loss, and was responsible for several enemy casualties.
Young's body was transferred to the United States in July 1949 and is now buried in McPherson Cemetery in Clyde, Ohio.
Legacy
At the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning in Georgia, the night infiltration course is named for Young. A pass in the course is a prerequisite for graduation; soldiers crawl through sandy and muddy terrain while live gunfire from M60 or M240B machine guns manned by instructors passes overhead. Fort Benning's Recreation Center has a plaque in recognition of their bravery.
On March 1, 1945, the city of Fremont, Ohio memorialized Fremont Water Works Park by dedicating it to the memory of Rodger W. Young and members of the armed forces from Sandusky County, Ohio in World War II.
In 1945, songwriter Frank Loesser wrote "The Ballad of Rodger Young". At the time, they were a private serving in the Army's Radio Production Unit. Life magazine featured the ballad's sheet music and lyrics in a story on Young in its March 5, 1945, edition. The Life article, together with the 1949 repatriation of Young's body to the United States, boosted the song's popularity. Best-selling recordings were made by Burl Ives and Nelson Eddy by the end of 1949. On March 31, 1946, "The Ballad of Rodger Young" was sung by tenor Dennis Day on the Jack Benny Program on the radio. After the song, Jack Benny gave a speech in Young's honor.
In 1946, a veterans' housing project was established in Los Angeles, California. This was known as the Rodger Young Village until the mid-1950s when it was destroyed. At the Ohio National Guard Training Site in Camp Perry, there is a small arms firing range named in honor of Young. Camp Perry hosts the National Rifle & Pistol Championships.
Young is briefly mentioned in Robert A. Heinlein's 1949 short story "The Long Watch" and in their novel "The Rolling Stones", a mountain range on the moon is named for Young. In Heinlein's novel Starship Troopers, for which they were awarded the Hugo in 1959, the troop transport TFCT Rodger Young is named for him. Loesser's ballad also features on several occasions in the book. Heinlein also included a "Historical Note" in which they quoted Young's Medal of Honor citation. The starship is also featured in Paul Verhoeven's adaption of the novel, named the "No. 176 Rodger Young, in said movie the character Sgt. Charles Zim pays a loose homage to Young history as they are asked to be demoted so they can join the front lines and, in the end, they are the one to catch the final antagonist of the movie..
In January 1964, Young's story was featured in the 15th episode of the TV show 'The Great Adventure'.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
Notes
References
External links
"The Ballad of Rodger Young"—Lyrics courtesy of The West Point Connection
1918 births
1943 deaths
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
Military personnel from Ohio
People from Clyde, Ohio
People from Green Springs, Ohio
People from Tiffin, Ohio
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army non-commissioned officers
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Ohio National Guard personnel
American people with disabilities
Lučani (selo) is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 501 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Aghvan Arshaviri Vardanyan (; born on October 7, 1958) is an Armenian politician, former member of the National Assembly of Armenia, and former minister of labor and social affairs.
Biography
Vardanyan was born in 1958 in the village of Gemur in the Nakhichevan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR. They studied at Yerevan State University from 1977 to 1982 in the Faculty of Philology. From 1982 to 1987, Vardanyan served as the executive secretary of the Yerevan University newspaper. For the next three years, Vardanyan worked for Aghbyur and Garoun magazines, and in 1987, became a member of the Writers Union of Armenia. They joined Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) party in 1990, and until 1993 served as secretary of the Writer's Union of Armenia. Between 1991 and 1993, Vardanyan served as the chief editor of the ARF newspaper Yerkir and from 1993 to 1994 was an employee of the radio station Azatutyun (the Armenian service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty).
From 1994 to 1996, Vardanyan worked for the ARF magazine Droshak in Athens and between 1996 and 1999 served as chief editor of the Media Center Yerevan. In 1999, they were elected to the National Assembly of Armenia and that same year became a member of ARF Bureau, the party's highest decision-making body. In 2001, Vardanyan was elected a member of ARF Supreme Body and led the ARF's parliamentary faction. Two years later they were again elected to parliament and was appointed minister of labor and social affairs. On May 1, 2018, the ARF Supreme Council of Armenia announced that it was calling for Vardanyan to resign from their parliamentary post. This came after they declined to vote with the ARF faction for the election of Nikol Pashinyan as prime minister. On May 3, they resigned from their parliamentary post. On May 4, the ARF Supreme Council of Armenia announced of their dismissal from the ARF. Vardanyan is set to participate in the coming 2021 Armenian parliamentary election as a member of the Armenia Alliance led by former president Robert Kocharyan.
References
External links
Aghvan Vardanyan - Armenia Alliance
Aghvan Vardanyan's biography
1958 births
Living people
Government ministers of Armenia
Yerevan State University alumni
Labor and Social Affairs ministers of Armenia
Armenian Revolutionary Federation politicians
Conestoga-Rovers & Associates (CRA) is a group of companies that provides engineering, environmental consulting, construction, and information technology (IT) services. On July 2, 2014 CRA became a division of the GHD Group. Its current overall headquarters is located in Waterloo, Ontario, however the firm has locations in multiple countries with a separate headquarters in each. Their U.S. headquarters resides in Niagara Falls, New York where the company's seminal project, the Love Canal, took place.
History
Love Canal
The Love Canal Landfill, one of the pinnacle environmental projects in US history, was an open trench that was filled with hazardous chlorinated organic wastes from a chemical plant in Niagara Falls, NY, during the 1940s and 1950s. A residential area and elementary school were constructed immediately adjacent to the former three-block landfill in the 1960s, resulting in an environmental disaster that eventually prompted the initiation of the Superfund Legislation in the United States.
CRA's involvement at Love Canal began in 1977, shortly after the chemical wastes were discovered in the backyards of homes along the canal. CRA was retained to investigate the chemical presence and develop a plan to address the issues. CRA developed an understanding of the hydrogeology and chemical presence, designed a remedial plan, and provided construction oversight for its implementation. CRA continues to be involved in the operation, maintenance, and monitoring for this project to this day.
The company merged with GHD Group in 2014.
Units
Conestoga-Rovers & Associates
CRA Contractors Limited
CRA Developments Limited
CRA Engineering Group Inc.
Conestoga-Rovers & Associates (Europe) Ltd.
CRA Infrastructure & Engineering
eSolutionsGroup
HSA Engineers & Scientists
Inspec-Sol
SECRA Inc.
References
External links
Corporate Website
CRA Europe Corporate Website
Construction and civil engineering companies of Canada
Companies based in Waterloo, Ontario
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1976
1976 establishments in Ontario
Canadian companies established in 1976
Strange Invaders is a 1983 American science fiction film directed and co-written by Michael Laughlin, and stars Paul Le Mat, Nancy Allen and Diana Scarwid.
Produced as a tribute to the sci-fi films of the 1950s, notably The Invasion of the Body Snatchers, it was intended to be the second installment of the aborted Strange Trilogy with Strange Behavior (1981), another 1950s spoof by Laughlin, but the idea was abandoned after Invaders failed to attract a large audience. Scarwid's performance earned them a Razzie Award nomination for Worst Supporting Actress.
Plot
In 1958, the town of (fictionalized) Centreville, Illinois is invaded by a race of aliens. The invaders fire lasers from their eyes and hands and reduce humans to "crystallized" glowing blue orbs. They took over the form of the humans who were either captured or killed.
Twenty-five years later, Columbia University lecturer Charles Bigelow learns that their ex-wife, Margaret, has disappeared while attending their mother's funeral in Centerville, and travels there to find them The disguised aliens all appear human and the town of Centerville appears to have not progressed beyond 1958. The aliens try to capture Bigelow as they escape, but only capture their dog, Louie.
Seeing a photo of an alien in a tabloid magazine, Bigelow soon finds Margaret, who is now revealed to be one of the aliens. They warn Bigelow to escape with Elizabeth, their human/alien hybrid daughter, to protect them from the aliens, who want to take them to their home-world. Bigelow and Elizabeth escape from the departing alien ship and the townsfolk's blue orbs are transformed back to their original human forms.
Cast
Production
Development
Director Michael Laughlin teamed with Bill Condon, their co-writer and associate producer from Strange Behavior. The first image Laughlin came up with was that of a midwest landscape with an "old-fashioned mothership sliding in".
They wrote the first few pages themselves and then they and Condon completed the screenplay in two parts, each writing different sections. They wrote the script without any deal in place but were confident that it was going to be made into a film. They even figured out the budget, scouted locations, cast the actors, and worked on the production design while arranging the financing. This pre-production was all done at the expense of Condon and Laughlin.
The film was a take-off of science fiction films of the 1950s. "I think that's when all this science-fiction view of the future was invented - the current idea of the future," said Laughlin. "America thought it had conquered the world. The Germans were no longer anything to worry about. The Japanese had been defeated. The only thing that sent a possible tingle through your spine was an invasion from outer space."
To help produce the film, Laughlin brought in their friend Walter Coblenz, who had been the assistant director on the Laughlin-produced film Two-Lane Blacktop. They shopped the script for Strange Invaders around Hollywood.
Financing
Laughlin's previous film, Strange Behavior, had been released by a small distributor and this time around they wanted their film to be handled by a major. Orion Pictures liked the script and was looking for a good film at a modest price with mainstream appeal. Orion provided half of the film's $5.5 million budget with England's EMI Films coming up with the rest. Orion received distribution rights for North America while EMI handled the rest of the world. As part of the financing deal, Orion and EMI demanded several script changes, which Condon and Laughlin found difficult, because they had to try to explain their ideas verbally. The financial backers influence reduced the film's scope. For example, in the original script, the American government was a much bigger threat, with a big sequence taking place at an Air Force base. These changes bothered Laughlin, because they resulted in a lack of a well-defined middle section in the script.
Orion and EMI also influenced the casting process and approved every choice Laughlin made. The original script was written with Michael Murphy in mind — they had been in Strange Behavior — but EMI refused to allow them to be cast much to the director's confusion "because there didn't seem to be a good reason for their rejection. I guess it was a matter of personal taste". Orion and EMI suggested Mel Gibson and Powers Boothe instead but Laughlin's choice was Paul Le Mat, because they had not played that kind of role before and had a "Joel McCrea quality" that they were seeking. For the role of Betty, Laughlin wanted an actor from New York and not someone from California playing a New Yorker. Condon was a big fan of Brian De Palma's films and Nancy Allen who appeared in several of them. Louise Fletcher's government agent was originally written as a man, a "Bob Balaban bureaucrat", but during the screenwriting process, Condon and Laughlin decided to change the character to a woman and cast Fletcher who had been in Strange Behavior.
Condon and Laughlin created a visual plan in advance and this helped them shoot the film quickly — in only five weeks. Laughlin was helped out by a second unit that worked on the film's visual and prosthetic effects. They hired Private Stock Effects to work on the visual effects. They had previously worked on Battle Beyond the Stars and Escape from New York. For the prosthetic alien effects, they hired James Cummins, a veteran of the John Carpenter film The Thing, and later, the writer and director of the cult horror classic The Boneyard, who had their name removed from the credits after heated debates with Laughlin about the way the effects were being used and shot. Laughlin relented and allowed Cummins to reshoot a lengthy scene near the end of the film where the aliens shed their human guises as they prepare to embark on a 1950s style spacecraft. Laughlin planned a third film in a proposed "Strange Trilogy", titled, The Adventures of Philip Strange, a World War II spy thriller with science fiction elements and hoped to cast many of the same actors and crew from their two previous films.
Reception
In their review for The New York Times, Vincent Canby called it, "a tasteful monster movie with a terrible secret: it eats other movies". Newsweek magazine's David Ansen wrote, "Hovering unclassifiably between nostalgia and satire, this amiably hip genre movie confirms Laughlin as a deliberately minor but unique stylist. It's up to the viewer to determine just how faux their naif style is, but either way you choose to take it, Strange Invaders offers a good deal of laid-back fun". Jay Scott in their review for The Globe and Mail wrote, "Strange Invaders is a pastiche, a film-school jumble of aphorisms and winks at the audience that are neither as knowing nor as amusing as they are meant to be".
Colin Greenland reviewed Strange Invaders for Imagine magazine, and stated that "Strange Invaders never quite makes up its mind whether it's a send-up or a faithful recreation of The Invasion of the Body Snatchers; It Came From Outer Space; The Bubble; etc. It hovers somewhere in between: too naïve to be convincing, too self-conscious to be allegorical."
Box office
The film was a box office disappointment.
References
External links
Strange Invaders at The 80s Movie Rewind
1983 films
1980s science fiction comedy films
1980s science fiction action films
Alien invasions in films
American science fiction comedy films
American satirical films
American science fiction action films
1980s English-language films
Fictional government investigations of the paranormal
Films about journalists
Films directed by Michael Laughlin
Films scored by John Addison
Films set in 1958
Films set in Illinois
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
Films shot in Ontario
Orion Pictures films
Films with screenplays by Bill Condon
Films with screenplays by Michael Laughlin
EMI Films films
1983 comedy films
1980s American films
Carlos Rodríguez Cano (born 2 February 2001) is a Spanish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Major results
2018
1st Time trial, National Junior Road Championships
UEC European Road Championships
3rd Road race
7th Time trial
4th Overall Tour de Gironde
1st Points classification
1st Young rider classification
1st Stage 1 (TTT)
5th Overall Trophée Centre Morbihan
1st Stage 2b
6th Paris–Roubaix Juniors
2019
1st Time trial, National Junior Road Championships
1st Overall Tour de Gironde
1st Points classification
1st Gipuzkoa Klasika
6th Overall Trophée Centre Morbihan
2021
2nd Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1st Mountains classification
1st Young rider classification
1st Stage 9
3rd Time trial, National Road Championships
4th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
7th GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
10th Overall Tour of Britain
1st Stage 3 (TTT)
2022
National Road Championships
1st Road race
4th Time trial
1st Stage 5 Tour of the Basque Country
2nd Overall Route d'Occitanie
1st Young rider classification
3rd Overall Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana
4th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
5th Clásica de San Sebastián
5th Trofeo Laigueglia
7th Overall Vuelta a España
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Almuñécar
Cyclists from Andalusia
21st-century Spanish people
List of players who have scored 1,000 or more points in Australian top-level rugby league''', i.e. the NRL and its predecessors, the NSWRL, ARL and SL premierships. Players still currently active are listed in bold.
See also
List of National Rugby League players with five tries in a game
List of players who have played 300 NRL games
List of players with 20 NRL field goals
List of players with 100 NRL tries
List of players with 100 NRL tries and 500 NRL goals
List of players with 500 NRL goals
References
NRL players with 1,000 NRL points
Players with 1,000 NRL points
Points,1000
This is the list of cathedrals in Bangladesh sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Bangladesh:
St Peter's Cathedral in Barisal
Our Lady of the Holy Rosary Cathedral, Chittagong
St. Mary's Cathedral in Dhaka
St. Francis Xavier Cathedral in Dinajpur
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Khulna
St. Patrick's Cathedral in Mymensingh
Cathedral of Christ the Redeemer in Rajshahi
Church of the Divine Mercy in Moulvibazar, pro-cathedral of Sylhet
Anglican
Cathedrals of the Church of Bangladesh:
St John's Cathedral in Kushtia
St Thomas' Church in Dhaka
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in Bangladesh
References
Cathedrals in Bangladesh
Bangladesh
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Jadera haematoloma, the red-shouldered bug, goldenrain-tree bug or soapberry bug is a species of true bug that lives throughout the United States and south to northern South America. It feeds on seeds within the soapberry plant family, Sapindaceae, and is known to rapidly adapt to feeding on particular hosts. The species is often confused with boxelder bugs and lovebugs.
Description
J. haematoloma are typically long and wide, though the short-winged form (brachyptera) usually is long. Color is mostly blackish (sometimes, bluish grey, or purplish) except for red eyes, "shoulders" (lateral margins of pronotum), and costal margins and dorsal part of abdomen. Nymphs are mostly red with a black pronotum and wingpads. All appendages are blackish.
Distribution
For most of the twentieth century, little was known about the range of J. haematoloma. Reports showed breeding populations to be present in Florida, Kansas, Colorado, Texas, Arizona, California, Alabama, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri, Colorado, Iowa, as well as Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Royal Oak, Michigan. A study published in 1987, showed the distribution of J. haematoloma "revealed the close correspondence of records for the bug with the ranges of the soapberry plants that serve as the insects native hosts." In addition, isolated examples have been reported as far north as Minnesota. Outside of the United States, J. haematoloma is found south through Central America and the West Indies to Colombia and Venezuela.
Although native to the New World, the discovery of J. haematoloma populations in Taiwan in 2012 marked the first finding of the species and genus in Asia.
Evolution
Two populations in southern Florida are particularly notable. The more southern of these two populations feeds on the seeds of a native host vine balloon vine (Cardiospermum corindum). This vine produces capsules of a fairly uniform size, which adult J. haematoloma feed on by inserting their mouthparts (beak) through the capsule's exterior and into the interior seeds. In the mid-1950s, a related southeast Asian tree, the Taiwanese Flamegold (Koelreuteria elegans), was introduced as an ornamental plant. It escaped domestication and naturalized. Significantly, the Flamegold was colonized by J. haematoloma, though its capsules are smaller and the seeds less deeply embedded than in the balloon vine.
In a seminal paper published in the scientific journal Genetica in 2001, it was shown evolution had taken place in this colonizing population of J. haematoloma on the Flamegold in a period of only a few decades. They showed that the beak length, which in the ancestral type was about 70% the length of the body, was only about 50% the body length in the insects that had colonized the non-native tree, though the size of the bugs themselves had not changed. In addition, they found that:
...derived bugs mature 25% more rapidly, are 20% more likely to survive, and lay almost twice as many eggs when reared on seeds of the introduced host rather than those of the native host. Fecundity is also twice as great as that of ancestral type bugs reared on either host, while egg mass is 20% smaller.
References
External links
Detailed species account of Jadera haematoloma
scentless plant bug, Jadera spp. on the UF / IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Serinethinae
Hemiptera of North America
Insects described in 1847
Rea Rocks () is a group of rocks in the middle of Arthur Glacier, 6 nautical miles (11 km) east of Mount Rea, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for construction electrician Peter C. Rea, U.S. Navy, of the Byrd Station, 1967.
Rock formations of Marie Byrd Land
Zuidbroek may refer to two places in the Netherlands:
Zuidbroek, Groningen, in Menterwolde
Zuidbroek, South Holland, in Bergambacht
The 1987–88 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 49th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
1987-88
1987 in Norwegian sport
1988 in Norwegian sport
"Someday" is a song by Canadian pop band Glass Tiger. It was released on 1986 as the third single from their debut studio album The Thin Red Line through Capitol Records in Canada and Manhattan Records worldwide. The song was written by members Alan Frew and Al Connelly and by producer Jim Vallance. "Someday" also won a Juno Award in the category Single of the Year.
Following the success of "Don't Forget Me (When I'm Gone)", "Someday" reached No. 14 on Canada's RPM Top 100 and it was also a success in the U.S., reaching No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100, while reaching lower positions in other countries.
Composition
"Someday" is a mid-tempo pop rock ballad written by Alan Frew, Al Connelly and Jim Vallance. The track runs at 100 BPM and is in the key of D major. It runs at three minutes and thirty-seven seconds in the album version.
Accolades
Music video
The music video for "Someday" was directed by Storm Thorgerson, who had also directed the "Thin Red Line" clip previously. The clip shows Alan Frew discussing with their "girlfriend" through a telephone call, alternating with scenes of the band performing the song.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from The Thin Red Line and "Someday" liner notes.
Glass Tiger
Alan Frew – vocals
Al Connelly – guitars
Sam Reid – keyboards
Wayne Parker – bass
Michael Hanson – drums, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Jimmy Maelin – percussion (remix versions)
Design
Jackie Murphy – design
Heather Brown – design
Beth Baptiste – photography
Shoot That Tiger! – design, logo design
Koppel & Scher – design
Production
Jim Vallance – production
Ed Thacker – mixing
Michael Brauer – remixing
Fernando Kral – remixing assistance
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1986 songs
1986 singles
Glass Tiger songs
Capitol Records singles
Manhattan Records singles
Juno Award for Single of the Year singles
Rock ballads
Shardara (, ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Shardara. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
On Deck Capital is a global online small business lending company that is listed in the United States. It has offices in New York; Arlington, Virginia; and Denver, Colorado, in the United States; Toronto and Montreal in Canada; and Sydney in Australia.
History
Entrepreneur Mitch Jacobs founded OnDeck in 2006 and headquartered the company in New York City. Jacobs sought funding from VCs companies, with early investors including First Round Capital, Khosla Ventures, Village Ventures, Contour Venture Partners, RRE Ventures, SAP Ventures (now Sapphire Ventures), Google Ventures and Tiger Global Management.
OnDeck uses proprietary software to aggregate data about a business' operations, which is processed by an algorithm that determines loan eligibility. In 2007, the company introduced its short-term loan product and made its first loan, and by early 2010, the company had made over $50M in loans to small businesses in the U.S.
Jacobs left OnDeck in 2012, and Noah Breslow became the CEO. OnDeck completed its IPO in December 2014 and became listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ONDK, raising $230 million in the offering. In 2015, the company expanded its operations into Canada and Australia, the latter operating as On Deck Capital Australia Pty Ltd in partnership with MYOB.
In January 2020, OnDeck announced the appointment of Scott Totman as the company's Chief Product and Technology Officer.
In July 2020, OnDeck was acquired by Chicago consumer lender Enova International.
Partnerships
In June 2016, JPMorgan Chase made a deal with OnDeck to offer an online lending process to its small business customers. The bank uses OnDeck's origination and loan servicing technology to supply small businesses with same or next-day funding. JPMorgan Chase and OnDeck announced an extension of their collaboration in August 2017. The JPMorgan Chase partnership ended in July 2019.
OnDeck's referral partners include Intuit QuickBooks, Angie's List, Prosper Marketplace, Credit Karma, Wave Accounting, and WEX Inc.
OnDeck is a founding member of the Innovative Lending Platform Association (ILPA), a trade organization representing online lending and service companies that serve small businesses. In 2016, the ILPA, in partnership with the Association for Enterprise Opportunity, launched The SMART Box, a “model small business pricing disclosure...focused on empowering small businesses to better assess and compare finance options.”
OnDeck also partners with SCORE, an American non-profit that provides small businesses with free advice and mentors.
Criticisms
OnDeck Capital has been criticised for its high interest rates. In 2015, its average loan had an annual 51% interest rate. In 2014, Bloomberg BusinessWeek called OnDeck "payday lending for businesses", relying on brokers who were "less-than-scrupulous."
Awards
Crain's New York Business Fast 50, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Forbes' America's Most Promising Companies, 2014
References
Financial services companies established in 2006
Technology companies of the United States
Companies based in New York City
2014 initial public offerings
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
2020 mergers and acquisitions
Barton McGuckin (28 July 1852 – 17 April 1913) was an Irish tenor singer of renown, who made their career principally in Britain with the Carl Rosa Opera Company, but also gained a wide success in oratorio and concert. Richard Ellmann put them forward as the model for Bartell D'Arcy in James Joyce's story "The Dead", but this identification has been questioned in recent years.
Training and early days
McGuckin was born in Dublin and began studying music as a choirboy in Armagh Cathedral, where they received instruction in singing, organ, violin and pianoforte. In 1871 they became first tenor at St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin and was a pupil of Joseph Robinson. They appeared in concerts from 1874, and made a debut at the Crystal Palace Concerts in 1875. They then went to study further at Milan, under Trevulsi.
Career with Carl Rosa Opera Company
They made their stage debut with the Carl Rosa Opera Company in 1880, and remained with them at Theatre Royal, Drury Lane until 1887, singing in London and the provinces. They achieved great success, both for brilliant singing and for their acting. In this period they created several important roles, notably Phoebus in A. Goring Thomas's Esmeralda (with Georgina Burns, Clara Perry, William Ludwig, Ben Davies (his operatic debut) and Leslie Crotty, in 1883; next Orso, the hero, in Alexander Mackenzie's Colomba, with Alwina Valleria and Franco Novara, again in 1883; then Waldemar in Goring Thomas's Nadeshda, much acclaimed, with Alwina Valleria, Josephine Yorke and Leslie Crotty in 1885, and also Oscar in Frederick Corder's Nordisa in 1887. All were under the baton of Alberto Randegger and the artistic direction of Augustus Harris. In January 1885 they played Des Grieux in the first performance in England (at Liverpool) of Massenet's Manon, with Marie Roze. In 1887 and 1888, they visited the United States and sang in opera there.
In December 1888, McGuckin was back in London and appeared in the role of Manasseh at the Crystal Palace with the Novello's oratorio choir under Alexander Mackenzie in Hubert Parry's oratorio Judith, composed for the Birmingham Festival of that year. Corno di Bassetto heard it and found theirs singing in the Handelian manner rousing, but commented mainly on their poor diction, in reducing all vowel sounds to 'aw'. In May 1889 they were to sing Lohengrin with Lilian Nordica, Mme Fürsch-Madi and Francisco d'Andrade, but was indisposed and Antonio d'Andrade took their place under Sig. Mancinelli's baton.
After Carl Rosa's death, Augustus Harris made efforts to maintain the policy of developing the English school of composition, and at Easter 1890 made a renewed visit for the Carl Rosa company to Drury Lane. Frederick Cowen had produced their Thorgrim, based on an episode in the Icelandic tale of Viglund the Fair. It was produced in April with McGuckin, Zélie de Lussan and Frank Celli.
In June 1891 McGuckin sang on Selection Day in the Handel Festival under Sir August Manns at the Crystal Palace, performing "Waft her, angels" from (Jephta) (which they spoiled by holding the high note at the end too long, but otherwise had a very distinguished success with it) and "Love sounds the alarm" (which was "excellent"). In the same month Mrs Moore Lawson was Venus to their Tannhäuser in the first scene of that opera as presented in English at a concert of Hans Richter and was, according to Shaw, capable of holding their own with the majority of continental singers to whom they might be compared. Again in October 1891 at the Palace they sang "Lend me your aid" (Gounod) and some songs by Bemberg.
In January 1892, McGuckin was called in to sing Berlioz' Damnation of Faust in two concert performances in London given by the Hallé Orchestra, with George Henschel and Mrs Henschel as Mephisto and Marguerite: Mr Barton McGuckin had to take Mr Lloyd's place, at the disadvantage of a very superficial acquaintance with a difficult part. Their words were quite unintelligible; and in the invocation, at the very climax of the tremendous burst into C sharp minor, they altered the cadence in a way that robbed me of breath. I see no reason why Mr McGuckin should not some day make an excellent Faust – quite as good as Mr Lloyd, who is not at their best in the part – as soon as they learn it.
In early 1892, they were in a revival of Arthur Sullivan's Ivanhoe in the title-part, with Medora Henson as Rowena. This had been through several successful runs since its first production a year previously, and Richard D'Oyly Carte now produced it to alternate with André Messager's La Basoche, in which David Bispham made their London debut. But Ivanhoe had exhausted its drawing-power and was taken off almost at once. McGuckin's other principal roles were in Lohengrin, in Faust (Gounod), as Don José (Carmen) and Eleazar in Halévy's La Juive.
Later career
McGuckin continued to sing into the early 20th century and made some recordings. They sang at Philharmonic and Monday Popular Concerts and at provincial festivals. In 1905, they became director of an amateur operatic society in Dublin and was conductor of orchestral concerts at the Irish Exhibition of 1908. They also became involved in the Royal Irish Academy of Music, Dublin. They died in 1913 in Stoke Poges.
References
Bibliography
A. Eaglefield-Hull: A Dictionary of Modern Music and Musicians (London: Dent, 1924).
H. Klein: Thirty Years of Musical Life in London (New York: Century Co., 1903).
H. Rosenthal and J. Warrack: Concise Oxford Dictionary of Music (London: OUP, 1974 printing).
G.B. Shaw: Music in London 1890–1894, 3 vols. (London: Constable, 1932).
G.B. Shaw: London Music in 1888–1889 as heard by Corno di Bassetto (London: Constable, 1937).
1852 births
1913 deaths
Irish operatic tenors
Musicians from Dublin (city)
19th-century British male singers
20th-century British male singers
Quchan Atiq Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24,559, in 6,137 families. The rural district has 44 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Razavi Khorasan Province
Quchan County
Yuma County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,988. The county seat is Wray.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
The point where the Arikaree River flows out of Yuma County and into Cheyenne County, Kansas is the lowest point in the State of Colorado at 1,010 meters (3,315 feet) elevation. This crossing point is the highest low point of any U.S. state.
Adjacent counties
Phillips County (north)
Chase County, Nebraska (northeast)
Cheyenne County, Kansas (east/Central Time border)
Dundy County, Nebraska (east)
Kit Carson County (south)
Washington County (west)
Logan County (northwest)
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 36
U.S. Highway 385
State Highway 59
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 9,841 people, 3,800 households, and 2,644 families living in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 4,295 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.17% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 4.14% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races. 12.88% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 3,800 households 33.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.60% were married couples living together, 6.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.40% were non-families. 27.40% of households were one person and 13.30% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.13.
The age distribution was 28.30% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.30% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 96.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.90 males.
The median household income was $33,169 and the median family income was $39,814. Males had a median income of $26,124 versus $18,578 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,005. About 8.80% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.50% of those under age 18 and 10.70% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Yuma County is a Republican Party stronghold in presidential elections. Only nine presidential elections from 1892 to the present day have seen the county fail to back the Republican candidate, the most recent being 1964 during Lyndon B. Johnson's statewide & national landslide.
Communities
Cities
Wray
Yuma
Town
Eckley
Census-designated places
Idalia
Joes
Kirk
Laird
Vernon
Other unincorporated community
Hale
Ghost towns
Abarr
Alvin
Arlene
Armel
Arnold
Avoca
Beecher
Bolton
Bryant
Clarkville
Condon
Ford
Fox
Friend
Gurney
Happyville
Heartstrong
Hermes
Hughes
Ladlum
Lansing
Leslie
Logan
Mildred
Newton
Robb
Rogers
Schramm
Shields
Steffens
Wages
Wauneta
Waverly
Weld City
Witherbee
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yuma County, Colorado
References
External links
Yuma County Government website
Yuma County farm photos and documentation, from Historic American Buildings Survey
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
Pullimaan is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by E. N. Balakrishnan and produced by Ponnappan. The film stars Madhu, Devika, Vijayanirmala and Alummoodan. It is based on the short story of the same name by S. K. Pottakkad.
Plot
Cast
Madhu
Devika
Vijayanirmala
Alummoodan
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Master Raghu
Philomina
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj with lyrics by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1972 films
Films based on short fiction
Fleet Logistics Support Squadron 62 (VR-62), nicknamed the Nomads, is one of five U.S. Navy Reserve squadrons operating the Lockheed C-130T Hercules medium-lift cargo aircraft. Based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Florida, the squadron is manned by a combination of traditional part-time drilling Selected Reservists (SELRES) and a full-time active duty Navy Reserve cadre known as Training and Administration of the Reserve (TAR) personnel (previously known as Full Time Support (FTS) personnel from August 2006 to November 2021). The squadron is under the operational control of Commander, Fleet Logistics Support Wing (COMFLELOGSUPWING) at NAS JRB Fort Worth, Texas.
Mission
VR-62 provides Navy Unique Fleet Essential Airlift (NUFEA), a capability totally resident in the Naval Air Force Reserve, comprising 24 C-130T Hercules aircraft in five squadrons and 17 Boeing C-40A Clipper aircraft in an additional six squadrons for responsive, flexible and rapidly deployable air logistics support to combat operations at sea and from the sea. The C-130T fills the U.S. Navy's airlift requirements for outside cargo and, prior to the introduction of the Bell Boeing CMV-22B Osprey, was the only U.S. Navy aircraft capable of internally lifting all modules of the Pratt & Whitney F135 engine for the Lockheed Martin F-3B Lightning II STOVL variant strike fighter flown by the U.S. Marine Corps from WASP class and AMERICA class amphibious assault ships and the F-35C CATOBAR variant strike fighter flown by both the U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps from NIMITZ class and GERALD R. FORD class aircraft carriers.
The C-130T also provides the U.S. Navy with the unique ability to deliver passengers and cargo to austere locations, including unprepared fields and runways less than 3,000 feet long.
History
VR-62 was established on 1 July 1985 at then-Naval Air Facility Detroit, a tenant activity at Selfridge Air National Guard Base, Michigan under the operational control of Commander, Fleet Logistics Support Wing at then-Naval Air Station Dallas, Texas. In February 1988, the squadron began providing logistics support flights operating the McDonnell Douglas C-9B Skytrain II aircraft, adopting the squadron nickname of Motowners in view of their proximity to Detroit.
Following nine years of outstanding worldwide airlift service to the fleet from the home station at NAF Detroit, the 1991 BRAC Commission directed the realignment of NAF Detroit as Naval Air Reserve Center Detroit (NAVAIRESCEN Detroit) and the inactivation or transfer of all Naval Reserve aviation squadrons based there. As part of this BRAC decision, the VR-62 Motowners were ordered to change their homeport and transition from the C-9B to the C-130T Hercules aircraft. In 1994, the squadron changed its homeport from NAF Detroit to Naval Air Station South Weymouth, Massachusetts, and adopted a new nickname of Mass Transport, acknowledging their new home station in Massachusetts.
VR-62 retired its C-9B aircraft and received their first of four C-130T aircraft in January 1995. Following several months of rigorous transition training, VR-62 began its operational commitments with the C-130T, sending squadron detachments to Sicily, Japan and Bahrain in support of worldwide naval operations.
The 1995 BRAC Commission ordered the disestablishment and closure of NAS South Weymouth and VR-62 was again ordered to change their homeport. In 1996, the squadron relocated to Naval Air Station Brunswick, Maine, and received yet another nickname as the Nor' Easters based on their new home station in Maine.
Nine years later, the 2005 BRAC Commission ordered the disestablishment and closure of NAS Brunswick and VR-62 relocated to their present homeport of NAS Jacksonville in 2009. With this move, the squadron adopted their current nickname of the Nomads, a tongue-in-cheek reference to the squadron's three previous BRAC-directed moves over a 15-year period.
VR-62 continues to report to COMFLELOGSUPWING, the latter command now located at NAS JRB Fort Worth (former Carswell AFB), Texas. Now equipped with six C-130T aircraft and manned by 215 personnel, the squadron consists of 85 full-time active duty TAR and 130 part-time drilling SELRES personnel. Of the officers, a total of 35 TAR and SELRES are pilots, all on operational flight status as Naval Aviators. The remaining 180 personnel perform various roles in aircraft maintenance, squadron administration, safety, and operations. A portion of the squadron's SELRES and TAR enlisted force are also on active flight status as Naval Aircrewmen, flying as C-130T flight engineers and loadmasters.
In many respects, VR-62's operational tempo is practically indistinguishable from that of an active duty Regular Navy aviation squadron. The squadron's SELRES pilots and enlisted flight crewmembers readily perform twice the amount of military duty, if not three or four times as much, as the traditional one weekend drill a month and two weeks active duty per year model typically associated with most Reserve Component organizations and personnel in the U.S. Armed Forces.
VR-62 remains an integral part of fleet support having transported in excess of 29,500 passengers and over 29 million pounds of cargo since receiving the C-130T aircraft. In 2021, the squadron is also slated to commence an aerial refueling mission with the installation of the NP2000 eight-bladed composite propeller system and the addition of an aerial refueling package to refuel USN, USMC and NATO/Allied fixed with rotary wing aircraft in flight, effectively converting VR-62's C-130T aircraft into a KC-130T configuration.
See also
History of the United States Navy
List of United States Navy aircraft squadrons
References
Fleet logistics support squadrons of the United States Navy
The Blue Mountain School District is a midsized, rural public school district in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. The district is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania. The district serves the boroughs of Auburn, Cressona, Deer Lake, New Ringgold and Orwigsburg and Wayne Township, East Brunswick Township, North Manheim Township and West Brunswick Township in Schuylkill County. Blue Mountain School District encompasses approximately .
According to 2000 federal census data, Blue Mountain School District served a resident population of 19,436. By 2010, the district's population was 20,463 people, making it a District of the Third Class. The educational attainment levels for the Blue Mountain School District population (25 years old and over) were 88.6% high school graduates and 22.5% college graduates.
According to the Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center, 24.1% of the district's pupils lived at 185% or below the Federal Poverty Level as shown by their eligibility for the federal free or reduced price school meal programs in 2012. In 2009, the Blue Mountain School District residents' per capita income was $21,212, while the median family income was $36,276. In Schuylkill County, the median household income was $45,012. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,985 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. By 2013, the median household income in the United States rose to $52,100. In 2014, the median household income in the USA was $53,700.
Blue Mountain School District operates: Blue Mountain High School, Blue Mountain Middle School, Cressona Elementary School, Blue Mountain Elementary East School, Blue Mountain Elementary West School and Blue Mountain Virtual Academy (founded 2016). School colors are blue and white. Blue Mountain High school students may choose to attend Schuylkill Technology Centers for training in construction and mechanical trades as well as various other careers.. The Schuylkill Intermediate Unit IU29 provides the district with a wide variety of services like: specialized education for disabled students and hearing; speech and visual disability services; mandated training on recognizing and reporting child abuse; background checks for prospective employees and professional development for staff and faculty.
Extracurriculars
Blue Mountain School District offers a variety of activities and interscholastic sports.
Sports
The district funds:
Boys
Baseball – AAAAA
Basketball- AAA
Cross Country – AA
Football – AAA
Golf – AAA
Soccer – AA
Swimming and Diving – AA
Tennis – AA
Track and Field – AAA
Wrestling – AAA
Girls
Basketball – AAAAA
Cheer – AAAA
Cross Country – AA
Soccer (Fall) – AA
Softball – AAA
Swimming and Diving – AA
Girls' Tennis – AA
Track and Field – AAA
Volleyball – AA
Middle School Sports
Boys
Basketball
Cross Country
Soccer
Track and Field
Wrestling
Girls
Basketball
Cross Country
Softball
Track and Field
According to PIAA directory July 2013
References
External links
Official website
School districts in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
John "Irish" Earle (6 October 1944 – 7 May 2008) was an Irish saxophonist, best known for their solo on Thin Lizzy's live versions of "Dancing in the Moonlight", such as that on their live album Live and Dangerous. They also worked with Ian Dury, Graham Parker, Gnidrolog, Rory Gallagher, The Boomtown Rats, Randy Crawford, Shakin' Stevens and many others
Biography
Earle went to school at Synge Street CBS, and started playing the clarinet as a young boy, and later graduated to saxophone. After a short career as a commercial artist they started their professional music career in the mid-1960s, playing in showbands that were popular in Ireland at the time. In 1966 they moved to Libya to play in a covers band on Wheelus Air Force base for US Air Force personnel. Following this they moved to Germany to perform for US servicemen on other US bases, performing covers of popular chart hits. Around this time they were given the nickname "Irish" by fellow band members to identify them from two other Johns playing in the same band, this stuck with them throughout their career in the UK. Towards the end of the decade , they joined Krautrock band Nine Days Wonder, performing in clubs across Europe and recording their first album with them.
In 1972, Earle left Germany and moved to England to further their career. After a spell with progressive rock band Gnidrolog, there was a lack of musical work so they took a job in a record packing house distributing albums, including Gnidrolog's. While attending various auditions and jam sessions, they met Ian Dury by chance in the Hope and Anchor, Islington, which led to them becoming a member of their backing band Kilburn and the High Roads. In 1977 they performed and solo'd on the song "England's Glory", written by Dury, performed by English music hall veteran Max Wall and produced by Dave Edmunds.He also worked at the newly reopened Rainbow Theatre as a member of the stage crew during 1977.
Following an introduction to Stiff Records supremo and fellow Dubliner Dave Robinson they progressed to playing in Graham Parker and The Rumour in the mid-1970s, playing on the albums Heat Treatment and Stick to Me and it was through their connection as support band to Thin Lizzy in 1976 that they were invited to play saxophone during Lizzy's main set. They later played on The Clash's album London Calling, playing double-tracked baritone saxophone on the track "The Right Profile".
Earle later moved back to Ireland, residing in Rathmines, Dublin. They frequently played with local blues and jazz musicians including Peter Moore, Ben Prevo, Ali & The Dts, The Hot Jazz Trio and Thin Lizzy tribute band Thin as Lizzy.
They died on 7 May 2008 at the age of 63.
References
1944 births
2008 deaths
Musicians from Dublin (city)
Rock saxophonists
20th-century Irish musicians
21st-century Irish musicians
Irish saxophonists
Irish blues musicians
Irish jazz musicians
20th-century saxophonists
People educated at Synge Street CBS
Botafogo Football Club de Douala is a Cameroonian football club. They are a member of the Cameroonian Football Federation and currently play in the top domestic league Elite One.
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in Cameroon
The Journal of International Commercial Law and Technology is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal covering international commercial law and technology. It is published by the International Association of IT Lawyers. The editor-in-chief is Sylvia Kierkegaard. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, Academic OneFile, HeinOnline, and EBSCOHost.
External links
Open access journals
International law journals
Publications established in 2006
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
English-language journals
Per-Åke Tommy Persson (20 December 1946 – 27 June 2021), known by the stage name Peps Persson, was a Swedish blues and reggae musician and social critic from Tjörnarp, Scania. Throughout their career they mostly made music in Swedish and was well known for their Scanian dialect. At an earlier stage they made a few albums in English. Their songs from the 1970s have become Swedish classics, including "Falsk matematik", which was number-one on Svensktoppen for 15 weeks.
Persson was the recipient of an honorary award at the Grammis ceremony in 2007, and was inducted into the in 2015.
Career
Persson was born on 20 December 1946 in Helsingborg and grew up in Tjörnarp. Their first band, Pop Penders, was started in 1962. They later formed Peps Blues Quality together with . Persson's career up to 1975 was mostly inspired by the blues, and he's known for having reworked many famous blues and reggae tunes into Swedish, by such artists as Muddy Waters, Elmore James and Bob Marley.
After 1975, their career turned away from the blues and focused mostly on reggae. Some of their songs, like "Falsk matematik" and "Hög standard", made a political statement, and were considered part of the progg movement.
Persson died on 27 June 2021, at the age of 74, at their home in Vittsjö.
Discography
Solo career
Blues Connection (1968)
The Week Peps Came to Chicago (1972)
Blues på svenska (1975)
Rotrock (1980) – 23 in Sweden
En del och andra (1984) – No. 49 in Sweden
Oh Boy (1992)
Peps Blue Quality
Sweet Mary Jane (1969)
Peps Perssons Blodsband
Blodsband (1974)
Hög standard (1975)
Droppen urholkar stenen (1976)
Spår (1978)
Fram med pengarna! (1988)
Spelar för livet (1993)
Röster från Södern (1994) – No. 1 in Sweden
Rotblos (1997) – No. 32 in Sweden
Äntligen! (2005)
With Pelle Perssons Kapell
Fyra tunnlann bedor om dan (1977)
Persson sjonger Persson! (1982)
Compilations
Bitar 1968–1992 (1993) – No. 29 in Sweden
Bästa (2004) – No. 59 in Sweden
Oh Boy! – Det bästa med Peps Persson (2006) – No. 2 in Sweden
Singles
"Oh Boy!" (1992) – No. 43 in Sweden
References
External links
Progg.se – Peps Persson
1946 births
2021 deaths
English-language singers from Sweden
People from Helsingborg
People from Höör Municipality
Social critics
Swedish harmonica players
Swedish guitarists
Swedish male musicians
Swedish male singer-songwriters
Swedish reggae musicians
Swedish singer-songwriters
Swedish-language singers
Extended aeration is a method of sewage treatment using modified activated sludge procedures. It is preferred for relatively small waste loads, where lower operating efficiency is offset by mechanical simplicity.
Conventional sewage treatment
Mechanized sewage treatment typically includes settling in a primary clarifier, followed by biological treatment and a secondary clarifier. Both clarifiers produce waste sludge requiring sewage sludge treatment and disposal. Activated sludge agitates a portion of the secondary clarifier sludge in the primary clarifier effluent. Remaining secondary sludge and all primary sludge typically require digestion prior to disposal.
Process modification
Extended aeration agitates all incoming waste in the sludge from a single clarifier. The combined sludge starts with a higher concentration of inert solids than typical secondary sludge and the longer mixing time required for digestion of primary solids in addition to dissolved organics produces aged sludge requiring greater mixing energy input per unit of waste oxidized.
Applications
Extended aeration is typically used in prefabricated "package plants" intended to minimize design costs for waste disposal from small communities, tourist facilities, or schools. In comparison to traditional activated sludge, longer mixing time with aged sludge offers a stable biological ecosystem better adapted for effectively treating waste load fluctuations from variable occupancy situations. Supplemental feeding with something like sugar is sometimes used to sustain sludge microbial populations during periods of low occupancy; but population response to variable food characteristics is unpredictable, and supplemental feeding increases waste sludge volumes. Sludge may be periodically removed by septic tank pumping trucks as sludge volume approaches storage capacity.
See also
List of waste-water treatment technologies
Notes
References
Environmental engineering
Pollution control technologies
Sanitation
Sewerage
Sewerage infrastructure
Waste treatment technology
Water treatment
The University of Plymouth Contemporary Music Festival is held in Plymouth, Devon, England. It has a program of leading-edge orchestral, operatic, jazz, and electroacoustic performances, along with film, and music theatre. Composers and performers who have been part of the festival include BBC Singers, David J. Peterson, Michael Stimpson, Evelyn Glennie, Sally Beamish, liminal, Jem Finer, the Maggini string quartet, Dominic Murcott, Eduardo Reck Miranda, John Matthias, Plaid, Alexis Kirke and Jonty Harrison.
External links
Contemporary Music Festival Website
ICCMR Contemporary Music Festival Website
Music festivals in Devon
Nether Winchendon or Lower Winchendon is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire, England. It is near the county boundary with Oxfordshire, about west of Aylesbury and north of Haddenham.
The toponym "Winchendon" is derived from the Old English for "hill at a bend". The Domesday Book of 1086 records Winchendon as Wincandone.
Nether Winchendon House
Nether Winchendon House, a manor house in Nether Winchendon, built on the site of an Augustinian priory that was a daughter house of Notley Abbey in Long Crendon. Jasper Tudor, Duke of Bedford bought and largely remodelled the priory. The house and gardens are now open to the public and the house is noted for its interior. Nether Winchendon House also hosts weddings.
Nether Winchendon in films and television
Nether Winchendon has been a frequent setting for television and film production, including two Midsomer Murders episodes (as different houses); Lady Pat's house in Forever Green and the BBC series Chef! starring Lenny Henry. St Nicholas' parish church was the setting for a baptism scene in the film Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason, but can be seen only in the deleted scenes section of the DVD.
Notable residents
Sir Francis Bernard, 1st Baronet - as governor of the provinces of New Jersey and Massachusetts Bay, their uncompromising policies were instrumental in the events leading to the American Revolution.
References
3. www.netherwinchendon.co.uk
Further reading
External links
www.netherwinchendon.com
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Villages in Buckinghamshire
The Orange County Fire Rescue Department provides fire protection and emergency medical services to Orange County, Florida. All told the department is responsible for with a service population of 1,033,848. Orange County Fire Rescue Communications services and coordinates 911 calls for Ocoee Fire Department, Winter Garden Fire Rescue Department and Maitland Fire Rescue Department.
Prior to 1981, there were 14 fire control districts serving Orange County and each district had a fire board with elected Fire Commissioners overseeing Fire Operations. In 1981 the decision was made to abolish these individual districts and consolidate all services under one Fire Department to serve unincorporated Orange County under the authority of the Board of County Commissioners.
Stations & apparatus
References
Fire Department
Fire departments in Florida
Masradapis is an extinct genus of caenopithecine primate from the Priabonian Birket Qarun Formation of the Fayum Depression, Egypt. The type and only species, Masradapis tahai, was named and described by Erik R. Seiffert et al., in 2017. Bayesian tip-dating, when combined with Bayesian biogeographic analysis, suggests that a common ancestor of known caenopithecines dispersed to Afro-Arabia from Europe between 49.4 and 47.4 Ma, and that a trans-Tethyan back-dispersal explains Caenopithecus' later presence in Europe.
References
Prehistoric strepsirrhines
Eocene mammals of Africa
Fossils of Egypt
Fossil taxa described in 2017
Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood is an American reality television series that aired on Oxygen from March 20, 2007, to January 31, 2012. The series was titled Tori & Dean: Inn Love for its first two seasons. In 2013, Spelling released a book which stated that Oxygen cancelled the series stating they were taking the network in a different direction.
Premise
The series follows actor Tori Spelling and their second husband, actor Dean McDermott. The first two seasons follow the couple as they move out of Los Angeles and look for a bed & breakfast to invest Spelling's $800,000 inheritance. Drama ensues as the newlyweds hunt for an affordable inn location, purchase and renovate the inn to match their modern style, manage the inn and attempt to fit in with their new local community of Fallbrook, all while Spelling is eight months pregnant with their son, Liam. The couple named their revamped inn, Chateau La Rue, after Spelling's pug called Mimi La Rue. On April 26, 2007, the Fallbrook Village News reported that Spelling & McDermott did not actually purchase the property, on the August 28, 2007, episode, Tori claimed that they had leased to own.
Season 2 premiered on August 14, 2007 and featured 10 new episodes. The McDermotts leave Chateau La Rue and the bed and breakfast industry.
Season 3 premiered on June 17, 2008, with the new name, Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood, and broke ratings records for the Oxygen Network, with an estimated 1.4 million viewers. In addition, the episodes were extended from thirty minutes to one hour. In the third season, Tori and Dean have moved back to Los Angeles and are no longer keeping the inn. Throughout most of this season, Tori is pregnant. They give birth to their daughter, Stella, at the end of the season.
Season 4 of Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood premiered on May 26, 2009, on Oxygen. The show now follows Tori and Dean as they juggle their careers with being parents to their two children. The season premiere became the most-watched opener among Oxygen's core demographic of women 18-49 in the network's nine-year history.
Season 5 of Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood premiered on April 5, 2010, with Season 6 premiering on November 29, 2011.
Episodes
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
Season 6
References
External links
2000s American reality television series
2010s American reality television series
2007 American television series debuts
2012 American television series endings
Oxygen (TV channel) original programming
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Spelling family
Television series by World of Wonder (company)
John Randolph Kuhl Jr. (born April 19, 1943) is an American Republican politician.  They are a former member of the New York State Assembly, the New York State Senate, and the United States House of Representatives. Kuhl represented New York's 29th congressional district for two terms before being defeated for reelection by Eric Massa in 2008.
Early life and education
Kuhl was born in Hammondsport, New York. They graduated from Union College in Schenectady, New York with a B.A. in civil engineering in 1966, and then got a J.D. degree from Syracuse University College of Law in 1969. They were admitted to the New York Bar in 1970.
New York State Legislature
Kuhl was a member of the New York Assembly from 1981 to 1986, sitting in the 184th, 185th and 186th New York State Legislatures. In November 1986, after the retirement of William T. Smith, Kuhl ran for Smith's Senate seat and won.
Kuhl was a member of the New York State Senate from 1987 to 2004, sitting in the 187th, 188th, 189th, 190th, 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th and 196th New York State Legislatures. They were appointed the Senate's Assistant Majority Leader for Operations at the beginning of the 1995 legislative session.
One of Kuhl's signature issues in the state legislature was Upstate secession. They regularly introduced a bill "to let New York City, Long Island and Westchester and Rockland Counties became a separate state called New York; the rest of the counties would become West New York. At least one poll in upstate has found the idea to be wildly popular." Kuhl summed up their secessionist views by saying that "his constituents in the Finger Lakes region often wonder, 'Why don't you just cut the City of New York off and let it drift out to sea?'"
In 1997, while serving as a state senator, Kuhl was arrested and convicted of driving while intoxicated. Their driver's license was revoked for six months.
House of Representatives
2004 election
In 2004, Kuhl ran for the House seat of retiring U.S. Representative Amo Houghton, a Republican multimillionaire who had displayed a moderate bent during 18 years in Washington. In the Republican primary, Kuhl, who was supported by Houghton, defeated Monroe County Legislator Mark Assini. They then defeated 27-year-old Democrat Samara Barend in the general election.
2006 election
Kuhl's Democratic opponent in the 2006 elections was former Navy officer Eric Massa of Corning, a former Republican.
In March 2006, Kuhl invited President George W. Bush to Canandaigua. In September 2006, Kuhl welcomed Vice President Dick Cheney to a major fundraiser in Rochester. Kuhl agreed with Cheney's assessment that combating terrorists around the world was the top issue in the campaign. According to Kuhl, bad news from the war zone should be countered by a frank discussion of reality. Regarding their Finger Lakes and Southern Tier constituents, Kuhl said, "They don't necessarily understand the full importance of our presence there".
Preliminary results from the November election showed Kuhl narrowly beating Massa by a margin of approximately 5,600 votes (out of about 193,000 cast). Massa had initially refused to concede the election and was expected to file a challenge, but on November 15, 2006 Massa conceded the election and contacted Kuhl to congratulate him. According to the final election results, which were certified by the New York State Board of Elections on December 14, 2006, Kuhl won by a margin of 6,033 votes (out of 206,121 cast).
2008 election
Kuhl's again faced Democratic nominee and former Navy officer Eric Massa, losing the rematch by a narrow 51%-49% margin, roughly reversing the outcome of the 2006 elections. Kuhl finished behind Massa in Cattaraugus County, a county Kuhl carried by a 56%-44% margin in 2006 (and one that voted for Presidential candidate John McCain in 2008), likely contributing to the loss. Because the race was so close, Kuhl did not concede the election until November 21, 2008.
Political positions
Kuhl was considered a fairly reliable conservative who generally voted against abortion rights, gun control and tax increases. They are, however, a member of the Republican Main Street Partnership.
Kuhl supported making then-President Bush's tax cuts permanent. In addition, they also advocated for a 10-cent reduction in federal gasoline taxes.
In September 2007, Kuhl was noted in the news as being one of the most outspoken opponents of a plan by then-New York Governor Eliot Spitzer to allow illegal aliens to apply for driver's licenses. They also became a prominent opponent of the SCHIP expansion, a stance for which they earned significant animosity from various groups including MoveOn, the Service Employees International Union, and even former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer.
During their time as a state senator, Kuhl was an advocate of New York City secession and unsuccessfully introduced several bills to separate Upstate New York from downstate.
References
External links
Congressman Randy Kuhl official campaign site
Federal Election Commission – John Kuhl campaign finance reports and data
On the Issues – Randy Kuhl issue positions and quotes
OpenSecrets.org – John R. Kuhl Jr campaign contributions
Project Vote Smart – Representative John R. 'Randy' Kuhl Jr. (NY) profile
Washington Post – Congress Votes Database: Randy Kuhl voting record
1943 births
Living people
New York (state) state senators
Members of the New York State Assembly
Union College (New York) alumni
Syracuse University College of Law alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Hammondsport, New York
21st-century American politicians
The Nissan NV200 is a light commercial and leisure activity, 4/5-door van designed and produced by the Japanese automaker Nissan since 2009.
Overview
The vehicle was previewed as the NV200 Concept at the 2007 Tokyo Motor Show, followed by the 2008 Nissan Tenjin Motor Show. The concept vehicle is equipped with a remote control panel for a spider camera, and equipment for organizing and editing photographs and images on the move.
The vehicle was unveiled at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show, followed by 2010 Beijing International Automobile Exhibition. The vehicle went on sale in Japan before summer 2009, followed by Europe in autumn 2009 and then in China and other markets. Available in combi and passenger car versions, NV200 was built on a modified version of Nissan's B platform, with fully independent strut type front suspension mounted on a separate subframe and a leaf spring rear axle.
Markets
Japan
Available in Van DX light commercial van and Wagon 16S people carrier, the NV200 Vanette is a version of the Nissan NV200 van replacing the older Nissan Vanette.
The vehicle went on sale on May 21, 2009 in Japan, followed by other markets around the world.
Early Japanese models included Van DX (2/5-person), Van DX route van (2-person), Van GX (5-person), Wagon 16S (7-person).
Mitsubishi Delica D:3 and Delica Van (2011–2019)
Badge engineered versions of the NV200 was sold in Japan by Mitsubishi Motors as the Mitsubishi Delica D:3 and Delica Van. It is equipped with a 1.6-liter straight-four engine. Both models went on sale in Japan in October 2011. Early Delica D:3 models include the M (5-seater) and G (7-seater). Introductory Delica Van models include DX (2/5-person) (5MT/4AT), GX (2/5-person) (4AT).
The Delica D:3 and Delica Van were discontinued in April 2019.
North America
NV200 New York City taxi
The prototype version of the NV200 New York taxi vehicle was unveiled in 2011 Nissan Taxi of Tomorrow Design Expo, followed by 2012 New York International Auto Show, Nissan's Yokohama headquarters, and 2012 Paris Motor Show.
It is equipped with a 2.0-litre 4-cylinder engine, a low-annoyance horn with exterior lights that indicate when the vehicle is honking, sliding doors with entry step and grab handles, transparent roof panel (with shade), independently controlled rear air conditioning with a grape phenol-coated air filter, breathable, antimicrobial, environmentally friendly and easy-to-clean seat fabric that simulates the look and feel of leather; overhead reading lights for passengers and floor lighting to help locate belongings, a mobile charging station for passengers that includes a 12V electrical outlet and two USB plugs, a six-way adjustable driver's seat that features both recline and lumbar adjustments, even with a partition installed; standard driver's navigation and telematics systems; front and rear-seat occupant curtain airbags, as well as seat-mounted airbags for the front row; standard traction control and Vehicle Dynamic Control (VDC), lights that alert other road users that taxi doors are opening.
The production model was unveiled at the 2013 Matsuya Ginza's 'New York Week' fair, and went on sale as 2014 model year vehicle. The Nissan NV200 New York City taxi was built in North America at Nissan's facility in Cuernavaca, Mexico.
The vehicle entered the New York City's taxi fleet near the end of October 2013. The first buyer of Nissan NV200 New York City taxi was medallion number 7F20 owner Ranjit Singh, with delivery of taxi from Koeppel Nissan in Queens on 2013-10-18, and first 1-passenger fare service performed from JFK International Airport on 2013-10-23 to near 13th Street and 6th Avenue in Manhattan.
New York Supreme Court Justice Peter Moulton ruled that the deal between NYC and Nissan was "null, void and unenforceable" since the NV200 is not a hybrid vehicle. In addition, Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Schlomo Hagler ruled the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission exceeded its authority for mandating the city's taxi fleets be replaced by Nissan NV200. That ruling was overturned by a New York appeals court on June 10, 2014, with Justice David B. Saxe finding that the commission's mandate was in fact legal.
As of December 16, 2013, Nissan was in the process of distributing the first 200 units of NV200 New York City taxi to dealers across New York City. The company is also delivering another couple hundred new taxis to dealers in Seattle, Los Angeles, Salt Lake City and Texas.
A version of NV200 New York City taxi with rear ramp for wheelchair access, integrated restraint system for securing of wheelchairs was unveiled at the 2012 New York International Auto Show as the NV200 Mobility Taxi. The conversion of the NV200 Mobility Taxi was done by Indiana-based BraunAbility.
NV200 Compact Cargo Van
The NV200 Compact Cargo Van was unveiled at the 2012 Chicago Auto Show. US models went on sale at Nissan Commercial Vehicle dealers beginning in early 2013 as 2013 model year vehicles. Early models include a 2.0-liter 16-valve 4-cylinder engine and Xtronic CVT. The 2014 model year vehicle went on sale in January 2014. The introductory lineup consisted of the S and SV models.
Europe
Sales of European models of NV200 van and combi began from October 2009 in most European markets, followed by Family version in 2010. Early models include 1.6-litre HR16 (108PS) petrol or 1.5 dCi (K9K) 1,461cc (86PS) diesel engines, five-speed manual transmission, optional rear view parking camera. European models of NV200 were produced in Japan, until production started at Nissan's plant in Barcelona in November 2009.
As of February 1, 2019, Nissan has discontinued the diesel NV200 in Europe; replacing the model with the NV250, a rebadged Renault Kangoo. The last batch of diesel NV200 was manufactured in mid 2019 and sale of this model was discontinued by early 2020.
NV200 CONCEPT DESIGN
At the 40th Anniversary of Tokyo Auto show the NV 200 was revealed. Designed at Nissan Design Europe under Director Stephane Schwarz. Martin Uhlarik as project lead and Interior/Exterior Design by Design Intern Florian Flatau, 2007.
China
In China, the NV200 is built by Nissan in partnership with Dongfeng Motor, and was released in June 2010. Chinese model went on sale in June 2010. Early models include HR16 DOHC (83 kW/150 Nm) engine.
India
The Evalia was launched in India in September 2012. It was offered in a total of four variants – the base XE, XE Plus, XL and the top end XV with a 1.5-liter dCi diesel engine paired to a 5-speed manual transmission. In June 2015, Nissan stopped production of the vehicle due to low demand, with 2,412 units sold since its launch.
Ashok Leyland STiLE
A badge engineered version of the NV200 went on sale as the Ashok Leyland STiLE since September 2013. Early models included 1.5-litre K9K (86PS) engine, 5-speed manual transmission. It was withdrawn from sale during 2015 due to low sales.
Nissan e-NV200
The e-NV200 is the all-electric version of the NV200 panel van. Nissan introduced the concept version of the e-NV200 at the 2012 North American Auto Show in Detroit. The e-NV200 has a 24 kWh battery pack that was expected to have a range similar to Nissan Leaf of .
Trials with a prototype were conducted with Japan Post Service beginning in July 2011, followed by trials with FedEx in London starting in December 2011, AEON Retail Co., Ltd., FedEx Express in Yokohama Area, Tochigi prefectural government in prefecture's rural areas from September 3, 2012.
More testing with a more advanced pre-production version, unveiled at the 64th IAA Commercial Vehicle International Motor Show in Hanover, took place in Singapore, the UK, the U.S. and Brazil, Coca-Cola Central Japan Co. starting in mid-November 2012, FedEx Express in Singapore, Saitama City, DHL Japan in Tokyo Metropolitan Area.
A more extensive 6-month trial with 28 units delivered to British Gas began in the UK in November 2013. The pre-production version of e-NV200 was unveiled at the 2013 Tokyo Motor Show.
The production version of the e-NV200 was unveiled at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show. The production version of the e-NV200 has 30% of new components compared with the internal combustion NV200. Production of Nissan e-NV200 began at Nissan's plant in Barcelona, Spain, by mid-2014. Up to the 2017 model year, the electric van has the same 24 kWh lithium-ion battery as the Nissan Leaf, and is capable of delivering an all-electric range of under the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) test. In 2018 the battery capacity was increased by 67%, to 40 kWh.
Launched in June 2013, the car was scheduled to go on sale in Europe in the same month and in Japan in October. Pricing in Germany will start at (~ ). The e-NV200 was the top selling electric commercial van in Europe in 2016 with 4,319 units delivered.
The Nissan e-NV200 was expected to be available by 2017 for the NYC Taxi of Tomorrow fleet.
Nissan e-NV200 London Taxi/Dynamo Taxi
In 2011, Nissan approached both Transport for London (TfL) and the Licensed Taxi Drivers Association to adapt a version of the NV200 to the requirements of the streets of London. With experience from supplying engines to London Taxis International for their Coventry-built TX1, the NV200 London Taxi was developed in London by Nissan Design Europe at their offices in Paddington. The Coventry-based ADV Manufacturing Ltd was responsible for the engineering, development and final assembly of Nissan NV200 London Taxi.
The prototype vehicle, equipped with the standard Renault 1461cc (89/110PS) dCi (K9K) turbodiesel engine, 5-speed manual (89PS) or 6-speed manual (110PS) transmission was unveiled in London, followed by 2012 Paris Motor Show.
After feedback, and to meet new stricter European emissions legislation, Nissan offered production versions from January 2014 based on a 1.6-litre petrol engine and automatic transmission. The new Spanish-built NV200 London Taxi was launched in January 2014, to be followed by the e-NV200 London Taxi in 2015.
The project was shelved later in 2014, with a revised proposal being announced in 2017, citing to come to fruition if the British Government approved electrification of the London Taxi network.
In 2019, a few months after the plug-in hybrid LEVC TX went on sale, the e-NV200 based Dynamo Taxi was launched by a firm also based in Coventry, UK. The Dynamo Taxi became the first 'black cab' on the streets of London to be fully electric since the Bersey Taxi in 1897 and is based on the Evalia version of the van.
In 2022, the Dynamo Motor Company had to phase out the Dynamo Taxi, after Nissan replaced the Nissan e-NV200 Evalia with the Renault Kangoo E-Tech-based Townstar EV, leaving the LEVC TX as the only electric taxi available to London cabbies.
Chevrolet City Express
The Chevrolet City Express is a badge engineered Nissan NV200 for the American and Canadian markets marketed by Chevrolet. Chevrolet targeted the vehicle toward urban business owners as a cheaper and more compact option next to the full-sized Express van. The City Express came in two level trims (LS and LT), a fold-down passenger seat, 40/60-split rear cargo doors that open to 90- and 180-degree angles, left- and right-side sliding doors, twenty integrated cargo-mounting points throughout the interior, six floor-mounted D-rings and a center storage console. The LT trim included a 5.8-inch diagonal touch screen, navigation, Sirius XM Radio, and Bluetooth connectivity as part of their technology package. The latter was also available as an option for the LS trim.
The vehicle made its debut at the 2014 Chicago Auto Show and went on sale in the fall of 2014.
Chevrolet discontinued sales on the City Express in 2018, and informed dealers to immediately stop taking orders, citing disappointing sales and non-compatibility with GM parts.
Safety
The NV200 Combi received a three-star Euro NCAP score in May 2013. Euro NCAP commented of the adult occupant: "When the car was inspected after the frontal impact test, it was found that the floor panel had torn away from the base of the A pillar and numerous spot welds had released between the floor and sill...the main body of the sill was found to be bent inwards. The passenger compartment was judged to be unstable and the car was penalised. Similarly, the driver's footwell was found to have ruptured and was unstable and a further penalty was applied."
Awards
In April 2010, it was named the Professional Van and Light Truck Magazine Van of the Year 2010.
The Nissan was announced as the winner of New York City's Taxi of Tomorrow, beating finalists Karsan V-1 and Ford Transit Connect. Nissan was awarded a 10-year contract to provide the city exclusively with some 13,000 yellow cabs, starting in 2013. The European version with the 1.5L Diesel four-cylinder gets 54.4 averaged mpg (44 miles per US gallon); however, the American version will obtain fewer miles per gallon.
Sales
As of August 30, 2013, sales of Nissan NV200 reached 170,000 units.
References
External links
Nissan NV200 Nissan UK
Nissan NV200 Vanette
Nissan NV200 – Nissan Commercial Vehicles USA
Chevrolet City Express official website
Official Gonow Starry website in English
NV200
Vehicles introduced in 2009
2010s cars
2020s cars
Mini MPVs
Vans
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Electric vans
Taxi vehicles
Euro NCAP small MPVs
Wuiswell Isea Fernández is a Venezuelan association footballer for Dominican First Division club Atlético Pantoja. They previously played for Atlántico FC.
Club career
International career
They earned only one international cap for Venezuela in 2002 in a friendly against Ecuador as a substitute.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Caracas
Venezuelan footballers
Venezuela international footballers
USM Alger players
Caracas FC players
Deportivo Petare players
Aragua FC players
Zulia F.C. players
Atlético Huila footballers
Portuguesa F.C. players
Carabobo F.C. players
Sportivo Trinidense footballers
Trujillanos FC players
Metropolitanos FC players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Dominican Republic
Expatriate footballers in Algeria
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Paraguay
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in the Dominican Republic
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Algeria
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Paraguay
Association football midfielders
Doamna Ghica Plaza (Romfelt Plaza) is a large residential building complex located in Bucharest, Romania. The complex is composed of nine buildings with a total surface of , the tallest tower having 24 floors and a height of .
References
External links
Residential skyscrapers in Bucharest
Thank You...For F.U.M.L. (Funking Up My Life) is an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring compositions by The Blackbyrds which was released on the Elektra label in 1978. The album marked a distinct movement away from jazz toward more rhythm and blues and disco influences.
Track listing
All compositions by Art Posey, Josef Powell and Melvin Ragin except where noted
Thank You for Funking Up My Life" (Posey, Powell, Kevin Toney) – 4:15
"Sunning in Your Loveshine" (Posey, Powell, Orville Saunders) – 5:40
"Your Love Is My Ecstasy" – 5:03
"Loving You" (Joe Hall) – 4:48
"Have You Heard the News?" – 4:42
"In Love with Love" – 4:48
"Cristo Redentor" (Duke Pearson) – 4:45
"Close Your Eyes and Look Within" (Posey, Powell, Saunders) – 5:15
Personnel
Donald Byrd – trumpet
Greg Phillinganes – piano
Paul Jackson Jr., Rick Littlefield, Wah Wah Watson – guitar
Ed Watkins – electric bass
Anthony Cox – drums
Donald Byrd, Jim Gilstrap, John Lehman, Art Posey, Josef Powell, Syreeta Wright, Ralph Turnbough, Stephanie Spruill, John Lehman, Lisa Roberts, Patricia Henderson, Marlena Jeter, Maxine Anderson, Angela Winbush – vocals
References
Elektra Records albums
Donald Byrd albums
1978 albums
The Dynali H3 EasyFlyer, now known as the Sport, is a Belgian helicopter designed and produced by the Dynali of the Thines district of Nivelles. The aircraft is supplied complete and ready-to-fly-aircraft or as a kit for amateur construction.
Design and development
The H3 was designed for the flight training, utility and personal-use roles. It was designed to comply with the European Class 6 microlight helicopter rules, in particular the French Class 6 Microlight Category, at a gross weight of . It features a single main rotor and tail rotor, a two-seats-in side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit with a bubble canopy, skid landing gear and a four-cylinder, liquid and air-cooled, four stroke Rotax 912ULS engine, a Dynali-developed fuel-injected conversion Rotax 912ULS-1 engine or a turbocharged Rotax 914 powerplant.
The aircraft's gross weight varies from for the microlight category, with heavier weights available depending on installed power in other national categories, such as light-sport aircraft. With the Rotax 912ULS engine, the gross weight is , with the Rotax 912ULS-1 and with the Rotax 914.
The aircraft fuselage frame is made from welded stainless steel tubing. Its two-bladed rotor has a diameter of and a chord of . With the Rotax 914 engine the aircraft has a typical empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . With full fuel of the payload for the pilot, passenger and baggage is .
Specifications (H3)
See also
List of rotorcraft
Dynali H2S
References
External links
H3
2010s Belgian sport aircraft
2010s Belgian ultralight aircraft
2010s Belgian civil utility aircraft
2010s Belgian helicopters
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined piston helicopters
This article lists the results for the Japan national football team between 1950 and 1959.
1951
1954
1955
1956
1958
1959
References
Japan national football team results
1950s in Japanese sport
was a Japanese swordwoman, Onna-musha and kenjutsu expert of the early Edo period (mid-17th century). They were known as the "Strangely Dressed Female Sword Master."
Life
Sasaki was born in Koga domain, located in Shimōsa province (modern day Koga, Ibaraki); their exact birthdate is unknown. Them father Sasaki Uōto was a member of a clan of kenjutsu masters in service to Doi Toshikatsu and was thoroughly versed in the martial arts. Since Rui had no brothers, and their attempts to take a husband ended in divorce, upon their father's death from illness the Sasaki clan name became extinct.
Rui went to Edo, where they rented a house in present-day Asakusa and began teaching the martial arts. At the same time that their teaching was becoming well-known, they began to be famous for their unusual dress: they would leave the house wearing a black silk crepe haori (a man's garment at the time) emblazoned with the Sasaki family crest, their hair done up in an indoor style with hairpins, and wearing the samurai's long and short swords. At that time, the ruffians known as kabukimono or hatamoto yakko were running rampant in Edo, and Rui began fighting with the "Shiroe" gang, among other groups.
In the period (1650-1659) in which Ishigaya Sadakiyo was serving as commissioner for the northern district of Edo, Rui was summoned by Ishigaya, who asked them whether their behavior was unworthy of their status as the daughter of a samurai family, and whether their remaining unmarried, their strange dress, and their quarrels with the hatamoto yakko were unbecoming; their goal was that they should preserve their father's legacy as a samurai in the service of Doi by taking a samurai husband. This incident also made its way to the ears of Kano Motokatsu, the commissioner for southern Edo, and on account of their bravery, Doi Takahatsu themselves took an interest in finding them a husband. (Given that they had died in 1644, however, it may be that the name of the northern commissioner was recorded incorrectly.) Rui took the second son of Doi retainer Kosugi Sanesoimon, Kosugi Konoshikono, as their husband, and revived the Sasaki clan.
Them age at death and the date of their death are also unknown.
In popular media
In 1969, Shōtarō Ikenami's short story "Myōonki" featured a female swordfighter, "Sasaki Rui", as the protagonist. Their 1972 novel Kenkaku Shōbai featured female martial arts master "Sasaki Saitō" in disguise as a man.
See also
Onna-musha
References
Samurai
Japanese swordfighters of the Edo period
17th-century Japanese women
17th-century Japanese people
Japanese women in warfare
People of Edo-period Japan
Swordfighters
Japanese swordfighters
Women in 17th-century warfare
GNU lightning is a free-software library for generating assembly language code at run-time. Version 2.1.3, released in September 2019, supports backends for SPARC (32-bit), x86 (32- and 64-bit), MIPS, ARM (32- and 64-bit), ia64, HPPA, PowerPC (32-bit), Alpha, S390 and RISC-V (64-bit).
Advantages over other libraries
The features GNU lightning provides make it useful for Just-in-Time Compilation. In comparison to libraries such as LLVM or libJIT, GNU lightning provides only a low-level interface for assembling from a standardized RISC assembly language—loosely based on the SPARC and MIPS architectures—into the target architecture's machine language.
Disadvantages
It does not provide register allocation, data-flow or control-flow analysis, or optimization.
Starting from 2.x, It generates code via intermediate graph, rather than one by one from each It's standardized instruction. This change allows inter-instruction optimization such as register allocation and dead code elimination .
Instruction set
GNU lightning's instruction set is based loosely on existing RISC architectures.
Types
When required instructions handle data with these 9 types:
Projects that use GNU lightning
GNU Smalltalk, GNU Guile, and CLISP make use of GNU lightning for just-in-time compilation. GNU lightning was first developed as a tool to be used in GNU Smalltalk's dynamic translator from bytecodes to native code. GNU Guile 2.9.2 and later stop using GNU lightning 2.x instead their own fork based on GNU lightning 1.4 for native code generation, because GNU lightning 2.x devotes more complexity to inter-instruction optimization.
Notes
References
External links
GNU lightning on Free Software Directory
lightning
Al Shindagha Tunnel (Arabic: نفق الشندغة) is a tunnel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Opened on 19 December 1975, it is the oldest and the busiest tunnel where 55,000 vehicles travel through the tunnel both directions daily. It goes under Dubai Creek to connect the neighborhoods of Al Ras, Deira and Al Shindagha where it is the only underwater road crossing Dubai Creek. The tunnel has a total of four lanes (two in each direction), a height clearance of 5 meters and speed is limited at .
History
For many years the twin town of Deira and Al Ras were connected by a twin bridge which caused delays due to time lags in opening and closing of the vacuoles. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Dubai ruler entrusted Sir William Halcrow and Partners to do a feasibility study to build a more direct link between the two towns. A bridge nearer to the sea was not possible, the reason being the same when the existing bridge were sited and William Halcrow and partners proposed a tunnel to be built. An added advantage of the tunnel would be its proximity to the Port Rashid which was also designed by William Halcrow and partners. Preliminary studies demonstrated the feasibility of both dry land and immersed methods of construction. The contractor company however elected to build the tunnel in the dry. Stage 1 envisages dredging back of Deira bank to form a new diverted channel for shipping and building of a coffer dam out in to the creek from the Shindaga. Stage 2 would be to create an island in the middle of the creek and reopen the original channel for shipping now between the island and the Shindaga, Close the new diverted channel. Then building a new coffer dam in the Deira bank and pump the area dry and start building the tunnel from the Deira side towards the island. Finally on completion the original bank and channel would be reinstated.
It was inaugurated on 19 December 1975 by Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani, the ruler of Qatar, in the presence of Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the president of the United Arab Emirates and Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, the vice president of the UAE and the ruler of Dubai.
Replacement
Due to the aging of the tunnel, the Roads and Transport Authority is planning to replace tunnel with a bridge. The bridge is set to have multiple lanes to improve the flow of traffic.
External links
Construction video of the tunnel
References
Tunnels in the United Arab Emirates
Transport in Dubai
Buildings and structures in Dubai
Tunnels completed in 1975
Road tunnels
Terry Wolverton (born 1954) is an American novelist, memoirist, poet, and editor. Them book Insurgent Muse: Life and Art at the Woman's Building, a memoir published in 2002 by City Lights Books, was named one of the "Best Books of 2002" by the Los Angeles Times, and was the winner of the 2003 Publishing Triangle Judy Grahn Award, and a finalist for the Lambda Literary Award. Them novel-in-poems Embers was a finalist for the PEN USA Litfest Poetry Award and the Lambda Literary Award.
Early years
Born August 23, 1954, in Cocoa Beach, Florida, Wolverton grew up in Detroit, Michigan.
Them grandmother, Elsba Mae Miller, a former English teacher, would often read and recite poetry to her, and Wolverton credits this for inspiring their love of language. Even as a child Wolverton was interested in the arts, especially writing, music, and drama; they graduated from the Performing Arts curriculum of Cass Technical High School in 1972.
Education
Wolverton graduated from the Performing Arts curriculum of Cass Technical High School in 1972, after which they attended the University of Detroit as a student in its Bachelor of Fine Arts Theatre program. In 1973, they transferred to the University of Toronto, majoring in Theatre, Psychology, and Women's Studies. In 1975, Wolverton participated in Sagaris, an independent institute for the study of feminist political theory. They ultimately received a Bachelor of Philosophy degree in Creative Writing and Theater from Thomas Jefferson College, an experimental school based at Grand Valley State Colleges in Western Michigan, where they participated in its feminist Women, World, and Wonder program.
Wolverton also received a certificate from the Feminist Studio Workshop in Los Angeles and is a certified Kundalini yoga and meditation instructor.
Career
Wolverton moved to Los Angeles in 1976, enrolling in the Feminist Studio Workshop at the Woman's Building. They spent the next thirteen years at the Woman's Building where, in addition to writing and performing, they were also instrumental in the Lesbian Art Project, the Incest Awareness Project, the Great American Lesbian Art Show (GALAS), a year-long performance project called "An Oral Herstory of Lesbianism", and a White Women's Anti-Racism Consciousness-Raising Group. From 1987 to 1988, they served as the nonprofit organization's Executive Director.
Wolverton has taught performance skills and creative writing since 1977. In 1986, they developed the Visions and Revisions Writing Program at Connexxus Women's Center/Centro de Mujeres. In 1988, they launched the Perspectives Writing Program at the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center, where they taught until 1997. One notable writer that attended these workshops was Gil Cuadros, a Mexican American poet who was diagnosed with AIDS in 1987. Cuadros started attending their writing workshops for people with HIV. As a result of their participation, Cuadros published their collection of poetry and fiction, City of God(1994).
In 1997, Wolverton founded Writers at Work, a creative writing center where they continue to teach fiction, creative nonfiction, and poetry, and to provide creative consultations to writers.
In 2007, Wolverton co-founded The Future of Publishing Think Tank, which convened writers, publishers, booksellers and publicists to consider new models for reaching readers. The Think Tank held discussions, offered workshops, conducted reader surveys, and compiled an online directory of literary resources in Los Angeles County.
The same year, they became an affiliate faculty member in the Master of Fine Arts writing program at Antioch University, where they currently work.
Awards
Bibliography
Author
Black Slip, Clothespin Fever Press, 1992, (poetry)
Bailey's Beads, Faber & Faber, 1996, (novel)
Mystery Bruise, Red Hen Press, 1999, (poetry)
Insurgent Muse: Life and Art at the Woman's Building, City Lights Books, 2002. (memoir)
Terry Wolverton Greatest Hits., Pudding House Publications, 2002, (poetry)
Embers: A Novel in Poems, Red Hen Press, 2003,
Shadow and Praise, Main Street Rag Publishing Company, 2007, (poetry)
The Labrys Reunion, Spinters Ink, 2009, (novel)
Breath and other stories, Silverton Books, 2012, (novel)
Stealing Angel, Spinsters Ink, 2009, (novel)
Wounded World: lyric essays about our spiritual disquiet, with photographs by Yvonne M. Estrada, Create Space Independent Publishing, 2013 (essays)
Ruin Porn, Finishing Line Press, 2017, (poetry)
Blue Hunger, Finishing Line Press, 2018, (poetry)
Editor
Blood Whispers: L. A. Writers on AIDS, Silverton Books (vol 1, 1991, ; vol 2, 1994, )
Catena: poem series by member of the Women's Poetry Project, Silverton Books, 2003, (poetry)
Mischief, Caprice, and Other Poetic Strategies, Red Hen Press, 2004, (poetry)
Bird Float, Tree Song: disarticulated poems by Los Angeles poets, Silverton Books, 2017, (poetry)
Edited with Benjamin Weissman
Harbinger, Los Angeles Festival and Beyond Baroque, 1991, (poetry and fiction)
Edited with Robert Drake
Indivisible: New Short Fiction by West Coast Gay and Lesbian Writers Plume Books 1991,
Hers: Brilliant New Fiction by Lesbian Writers Faber & Faber Incorporated, 1995,
His: Brilliant New Fiction by Gay Writers Faber & Faber Incorporated, 1995,
Hers 2 and Their 2 Faber & Faber, Incorporated, 1997,
Hers 3 and Their 3 Faber & Faber, Incorporated, 1999,
Circa 2000: Gay Fiction at the Millennium Alyson Books, 2000,
Circa 2000: Lesbian Fiction at the Millennium Alyson Books 2000,
Edited with Sondra Hale
From Site to Vision: the Woman's Building in Contemporary Culture, Otis College of Art and Design, 2011,
Scripts and Performance Art Texts
Embers, theatrical adaptation of novel-in-poems, concert reading, Grand Performances, Los Angeles, CA. 2011
Embers, theatrical adaptation of novel-in-poems, workshop production, Los Angeles Central Library, 2009
"Cover Story," collaboration with choreographer Heidi Duckler/Collage Dance Theater, 2002
"After Eden," collaboration with choreographer Heidi Duckler/Collage Dance Theater, 2001
"Under Eden," collaboration with choreographer Heidi Duckler/Collage Dance Theater, 2001
"Sub Versions," collaboration with choreographer Heidi Duckler/Collage Dance Theater, 2000
Treatment for Rapunzel, animated feature film, Walt Disney Company, 1997
Poetry segments for Destination Anywhere, a short film/music video directed by Mark Pellington, starring Jon Bon Jovi and Demi Moore, Mercury Records, First broadcast on MTV, June 17, 1997.
Treatment for The Snow Queen, animated feature film, Walt Disney Company, 1993.
Treatment for Anna, animated feature film, Walt Disney Company. 1993.
Green, full-length feature film, not produced. 1990.
"Meditations," text for "Broken," dance performance choreographed by Rose Polsky, premiered Los Angeles Theater Center. 1990.
A Merry Little Christmas, three-act play, staged reading produced at Celebration Theater. 1987.
dis-a-buse: to free from a misconception or delusion, performance text co-written with Catherine Stifter, produced at the Woman's Building. 1986.
Familiar, performance text produced at the Social & Public Art Resource Center, 1984.
Me and My Shadow, performance text, produced at ABC No Rio; Sushi Gallery, UCLA, the Woman's Building. 1984.
Medium: Memory/Muse, performance text, produced at Long Beach Museum of Art. 1983.
"Ya Got Class, Real Class," performance text co-written with Vicki Stolsen, produced at Los Angeles Contemporary Exhibitions, 1980.
"In Silence Secrets Turn to Lies/Secrets Shared Become Sacred Truth," performance text, produced at the Woman's Building as part of the Incest Awareness Project. 1979.
References
External links
Terry Wolverton, biographical entry, in glbtq: an encyclopedia of gay, lesbian, bisexual, & queer culture
Talking with Terry Wolverton (1996 interview)
Technodyke Terry Wolverton interview
Susan Silton, "Terry Wolverton" in Contemporary Lesbian Writers of the United States: A Bio-Bibliographical Critical Sourcebook, edited by Sandra Pollack and Denise D. Knight (Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Publishers, 1993)
Dead Air Book Review: The Labrys Reunion by Terry Wolverton
The Woman's Building, a Brief History, Feminist Studio Workshop External Link
Pacifica Radio Archives, Sagaris and the August 7th Survival Community
1954 births
Living people
American feminist writers
American lesbian writers
American performance artists
American women performance artists
Lambda Literary Award winners
American LGBT poets
American women poets
LGBT memoirists
21st-century American women
Antioch University faculty
Grand Valley State University alumni
Tüchersfeld is a church village in the Püttlach valley in Franconian Switzerland and belongs to the town of Pottenstein.
Geography
Due to the prominent rocks (sponge reefs in cone karst shapes) of a meander cutoff hill, which emerged as the result of the uplifting of the Franconian Jura in the Late Tertiary and the deposition of a thick bed of sand in the Upper Cretaceous, and its timber-framed-houses, which appear in places to be glued onto the rocks, Tüchersfeld is a symbol of Franconian Switzerland and has also been portrayed on postage stamps of the Deutsche Post. Until the Thirty Years' War there were two castles here, the Upper and Lower Castles, the latter was recorded in 1269 as a fortress that had already been in existence for a long time.
History
The Franconian Switzerland Museum is housed in the old Judenhof ("Jews Court"), a group of 17th- and 18th-century buildings built by Jews on the grounds of the Lower Castle and inhabited until 1860 by 18 Jewish families, and restored in 1978–1982. Of particular note is the synagogue from the second half of the 18th century (around 1763) with its simple Late Baroque stucco work on the ceiling; of the original decoration little can be seen after decades of alienation.
The Catholic chapel of ease, the Church of the Sacred Heart, was built in 1950-51 thanks to a foundation; with the tower it is attached to another building. Behind the altar is a painting by Otelia Kraszewska (Gößweinstein) depicting Christ in a white robe as they turn to people of different ages. On the side altar is a painting by Anna Maria, Baroness of Oer (Gößweinstein) which shows the Madonna and Child. The ceiling murals, included one of the Lamb of God and the Four Evangelists. The statues in the gallery and the Stations of the Cross are sculpted by Giovanni Bruno (Gößweinstein).
On 1 January 1972, the municipality of Tüchersfeld was dissolved and its territory was incorporated into the boroughs of Pottenstein and Gößweinstein (the hamlets of Hühnerloh and Kohlenstein).
Literature
Franz X. Bogner: Die Fränkische Schweiz. Ein Luftbildportrait. Ellwanger Verlag, Bayreuth, 2007, pp. 78–82, .
References
External links
Villages in Bavaria
Former municipalities in Bavaria
Franconian Switzerland
Bayreuth (district)
Cachita may refer to:
Cachita (song) by Rafael Hernández
La Cachita, popular nickname of Our Lady of Charity, patroness of Cuba
Alina María Hernández (1970 – 2016), Cuban transgender television actor
Cachita Galán (1943 - 2004), Argentine singer
Zosne cachita, species of beetle
See also
Cachito (disambiguation)
Aleksandr Konstantinovich Fatyushin (; 1951 — 2003) was a Soviet and Russian film and theater actor. In 1984, they were the Honored Artist of the RSFSR and the winner of the USSR State Prize.
Fatyushin played in more than 40 films. They worked at the Mayakovsky Theatre.
They died April 6, 2003 in their Moscow apartment after complications from pneumonia. The actor was buried on April 9 at the Memory Alley of outstanding athletes and coaches of the Vostryakovskoye Cemetery in Moscow (station number 131).
Filmography
1974 — Аutumn as Eduard
1977 — Office Romance as Vera's husband (cameo)
1978 — Cure for Fear as police captain Tikhonov
1979 — Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears as Sergei Gurin
1980 — Expectation as Igor
1981 — Express on Fire as Alexander Mukhanov
1985 — The Detached Mission as ensign Kruglov
1988 — The Life of Klim Samgin as Lyutov
1990 — Code of Silence as Valentin Silov
1991 — Wolfhound as Vova
1991 — Taganka Go on Тanks as Professor, the head physician of the psychiatric hospital
1994 — Petersburg Secrets as Egor Dmitrievich Beroev
1999 — Loving in Russian 3: The Governor as Pavlenok
2001 — Mechanical Suite as Lebedev
2003 — And In The Morning They Woke Up as shaper
References
External links
Biography
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male stage actors
Russian male stage actors
Russian male film actors
Recipients of the USSR State Prize
Russian Academy of Theatre Arts alumni
People from Ryazan
1951 births
2003 deaths
20th-century Russian male actors
21st-century Russian male actors
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
Deaths from pneumonia in Russia
Ranvik Bay () is an open bay 15 nautical miles (28 km) wide, lying southward of Rauer Islands in the southeast part of Prydz Bay. Discovered and charted in February 1935 by a Norwegian expedition led by Captain Klarius Mikkelsen in the Thorshavn. Named after the estate of Lars Christensen, sponsor of the expedition, situated at the head of Ranvik, a bay in Norway.
Bays of Princess Elizabeth Land
Ingrid Christensen Coast
Martyr Evilasius (died 311) was a pagan priest who tortured a 13-year-old girl who later became Saint Fausta. Realizing their courage, they themselves converted to Christianity, an act punishable by death since the people of Cyzicus did not want even one of their people to convert to any religion other than their own.
References
311 deaths
4th-century Romans
4th-century Christian martyrs
Converts to Christianity from pagan religions
Ancient Roman executioners
Saints from Roman Anatolia
Year of birth unknown
Konstantinou or Constantinou or Kostandinou () is a Greek surname, the genitive form of "Constantine". It is a common name in Greece and Cyprus.
Surname
Notable people with surname Konstantinou:
Alex Konstantinou (born 1992), Cypriot footballer
Andreas Constantinou (born 1980), Cypriot footballer
Chris Constantinou, English musician
Clay Constantinou (born 1951), American diplomat
Fivos Constantinou (born 1981), Cypriot distance runner
Gavriel Constantinou (born 1989), Cypriot footballer
Giorgos Konstantinou (born 1934), Greek actor and director
Konstantinos Konstantinou, Greek cyclist
Michalis Konstantinou (born 1978), Cypriot footballer
Stavros Konstantinou (born 1984), Cypriot singer
Vasilis Konstantinou (born 1947), Greek footballer
Culture
Konstantinou kai Elenis, Greek sitcom
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
3rd CC.NN. Division Penne Nere, ("Black Feathers"), was one of the three Blackshirt divisions (Camicie Nere, or CC.NN.) sent to Spain during the Spanish Civil War to make up the "Corpo Truppe Volontarie" (Corps of Volunteer Troops), or CTV.
3rd CC.NN. Division "Penne Nere" - Bgd. Gen. Luigi Nuvoloni
9th Group of Banderas - Console Mario Pittau.
? Bandera - ?
? Bandera - ?
? Bandera - ?
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
10th Group of Banderas - Console Generale Giovanni Martini
824 Bandera "Tembien" - 1st Seniore Francesco Grosso
835 Bandera "Scire" - Seniore Luigi Falzone
840 Bandera "Carso" - Seniore Gaetano Spallone
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
11th Grupo de Banderas - Console Generale Alberto Liuzzi
830 Bandera - ?
851 Bandera "Vampa" - Seniore Giuseppe Busalacchi
635 Bandera "Freccia" - ?
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
"Carabinieri" Section
Intendencia Section
Sanitation Section
Division Truck Unit
The CC.NN. Divisions contained regular soldiers and volunteer militia from the National Fascist Party. The CC.NN. divisions were semi-motorised.
Sources
de Mesa, José Luis, El regreso de las legiones: (la ayuda militar italiana à la España nacional, 1936-1939), García Hispán, Granada:España, 1994
Divisions of Italy in the Spanish Civil War
Blackshirt divisions of Italy
Lincoln Edward Davis (born September 13, 1943) is an American politician and the former U.S. Representative for .  They are a member of the Democratic Party.  They are a member of the ReFormers Caucus of Issue One.
Early life, education and career
Davis has spent most of their life in Fentress County, a mostly rural county in the state's coal-mining region. They graduated from Tennessee Technological University in 1966 with a degree in agriculture. Davis, who now lives in the rural Fentress County village of Pall Mall, also owns a construction business, Diversified Construction Co., which builds homes, apartments, and offices. Davis and their wife Lynda, a now retired elementary school teacher, have three daughters, Larissa, Lynn and Libby, and five grandchildren.
Early political career
Davis began their political career in 1978, when they were elected mayor of Byrdstown. Midway through their term as mayor, they were elected to the Tennessee House of Representatives, where they served two terms. They represented the 38th district. They gave up the seat in 1984 to run for the Democratic nomination in the when Al Gore gave it up to make a successful run for the United States Senate. They narrowly lost the primary to state Democratic Party chairperson Bart Gordon. Ten years later, they ran for the Democratic nomination in the 4th District after Jim Cooper gave up the seat to make an unsuccessful run for Gore's Senate seat. They lost narrowly again, this time to one of Cooper's former assistants, Jeff Whorley, who in turn lost the general election to Republican Van Hilleary. In 1996, they were elected to the Tennessee State Senate and served two terms there. They represented the 12th district.
While in the Tennessee General Assembly, Davis supported state employee and teacher pay raises, long-term care for senior citizens, character education in schools and new domestic violence legislation. Davis initiated and fought for a bill requiring counseling and a 12-hour holding period for domestic violence offenders.
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee assignments
Committee on Appropriations
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development
Committee on Science and Technology
Subcommittee on Energy and Environment
Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight
Caucus membership
Caucus to Control Methamphetamine
Congressional Rural Caucus
Blue Dog Coalition
Davis is a moderate Democrat by Tennessee standards, but a conservative Democrat by national ones. Davis made headlines for their opposition to the Federal Marriage Amendment.  They are also known for their opposition to bailing out Wall Street and cap-and-trade legislation. Davis spent time focusing on funding abandoned coal mines in Tennessee. They have supported efforts to fund long-term care for senior citizens and has advocated new domestic violence legislation.
They oppose abortion and opposes gun control, stances typical of most Democrats from rural areas of the state. During their first run for Congress, they vowed not to allow their Republican opponents to "outgun me, outpray me or outfamily me." In April 2009, Davis voted against the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act.
Political campaigns
2002
Midway through their second term in the State Senate, in 2002, Davis ran for the Democratic nomination in the 4th District when four-term Republican incumbent Van Hilleary gave up the seat to make what would ultimately be an unsuccessful run for governor. This time, they narrowly won the primary against a self-funding opponent, Fran Marcum of Tullahoma, who spent nearly $2 million in the race. They went on to win a hard-fought battle in the general election, narrowly defeating Republican Tullahoma Alderman Janice Bowling, 52%-47%; Bowling was Hilleary's district director.
2004
Davis was reelected in a 2004 rematch against Bowling with slightly less difficulty, 55%-44%.
2006
Davis faced nominal opposition in 2006. Although the 4th was not considered safe for either major party, its size (it stretches across two time zones and five television markets) made it very difficult to unseat an incumbent.
Davis defeated Republican Kenneth Martin, 67.5%-32.5%.
2008
Davis did not make an endorsement of the candidate in advance of the 2008 Democratic National Convention. Hillary Clinton won the primary in their district by a significant margin, and John McCain outran Barack Obama there by 29 percentage points.
In the November 2008 general election, Davis defeated Republican candidate Monty Lankford, a hospital equipment company owner. Afterwards Davis was appointed to the House Appropriations Committee and the Energy & Water Subcommittee.
2010
Davis was considered a possible candidate for Governor of Tennessee in 2010. However, they announced that they had decided not to seek that office in January 2009, and instead ran for reelection to their House seat.
In the 2010 congressional race, Davis was challenged by Republican Scott DesJarlais. Also on the ballot were independents Paul H. Curtis, James Gray, Richard S. Johnson, and Gerald York. DesJarlais won 57.1% of the vote to Davis's 38.6%--the third-largest margin of defeat for a Democratic incumbent in the 2010 cycle, the first time an incumbent had been unseated since the district's creation in 1983, and the first time since 1974 that an incumbent member of congress in Tennessee lost a general election.
Voting incident
In the wake of Tennessee passing a strict voter identification law in 2011, Davis was denied the right to vote in Fentress County on Super Tuesday in March 2012. Davis had voted in the county for about fifteen years but was purged from the roll of registered voters.
References
External links
Congressman Lincoln Davis official campaign site
1943 births
Living people
Mayors of places in Tennessee
Members of the Tennessee House of Representatives
People from Pickett County, Tennessee
People from Fentress County, Tennessee
Tennessee Technological University alumni
Baptists from Tennessee
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
People from Pall Mall, Tennessee
The 1935 Northern Illinois State Evansmen football team represented Northern Illinois State Teachers College—now known as Northern Illinois University—as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (IIAC) during the 1935 college football season. Led by seventh-year head coach Chick Evans, the Evansmen compiled an overall record of 3–2–3 with a mark of 3–2–1 in conference play, tying for ninth place in the IIAC. The team played home games at the 5,500-seat Glidden Field, located on the east end of campus, in DeKalb, Illinois.
Schedule
References
Northern Illinois State
Northern Illinois Huskies football seasons
Northern Illinois State Evansmen football
Events in the year 1999 in Monaco.
Incumbents
Monarch: Rainier III
State Minister: Michel Lévêque
Events
23 January – Princess Caroline of Monaco married Ernst August, Prince of Hanover in a civil ceremony at the Palace. It was also the 42nd birthday of the princess bride.
2 March – AS Monaco made it to the fourth qualifying round of the 1999-2000 UEFA Cup. They lost to RCD Mallorca, 4-1.
9 March – AS Monaco played a second match against RCD Mallorca, this time on their home turf at Stade Louis II in Fontvieille, and won, 1-0.
16 May – Michael Schumacher won the 1999 Monaco Grand Prix.
20 July – A daughter, Alexandra, was born to the Prince and Princess of Hanover. Prince Ernst was photographed by paparazzi urinating outside the hospital in Vöcklabruck.
Deaths
See also
1999 in Europe
City states
References
Years of the 20th century in Monaco
1990s in Monaco
Monaco
Monaco
Dragon Club de Yaoundé is a Cameroonian football club. They are a member of the Cameroonian Football Federation and currently play in the top domestic league Elite One.
External links
Dragon Club de Yaoundé at Soccerway
Football clubs in Yaoundé
The 1990–91 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the 12th World Cup season in ski jumping and the 1st official World Cup season in ski flying. It began in Lake Placid, United States on 1 December 1990 and finished in Štrbské Pleso, Czechoslovakia on 21 March 1991. The individual World Cup was won by Andreas Felder and Nations Cup by Austria.
Map of world cup hosts
All 16 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Events in Oberwiesenthal and Courchevel were completely canceled.
Four Hills Tournament
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Ski Flying
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
Catherine de Parthenay (22 March 1554 – 26 October 1631) was a French noblewoman and mathematician. They studied with mathematician François Viète and was considered one of the most brilliant women of the era. They married Charles de Quelennec, and after their death married René II, Viscount of Rohan, a Huguenot.
Life
Catherine was the heiress to the rich Huguenot Parthenay-Leveque family that originated from the Poitou region. They were the granddaughter of Michelle de Saubonne.
At a young age they showed an interest in astrology and astronomy. Following this interest and obvious intellect, their mother sought a tutor for Catherine. Considered the greatest mathematician of their time, Francois Viete was hired by Catherine's mother as their tutor.
Francois taught Catherine a slew of subjects such as; geography, current discoveries, cosmographic knowledge, and of course, math, most likely sparking their greater interest in mathematics and shaping them into a mathematician.
At a very early age, they married Charles de Quelennec, the baron of Pont-l'Abbé, who died during the night of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre while defending Coligny.
A widow at eighteen years old, Catherine was a good match and was considered one of the most intelligent women of their time. They were courted by René, the youngest son in the Rohan family but Catherine, beautiful as they are, did not accept to marry them until they became the viscount of Rohan and subsequently inherited the fortune of the Rohan family after the death of their eldest brother.
Them children include:
Henriette de Rohan (1577-1624?);
Henri II, Duke of Rohan, a famous soldier and author;
Catherine de Rohan, ancestor to several famous people, among them Queen Elizabeth II
Benjamin, Duke of Soubise;
Anne de Rohan (1584-1646) Poet
Quote
In a letter to their mother before leaving for the Castle Bridge, Catherine writes a letter to their mother where they announce that they should be given more credit for what they now write under duress:
"I, Catherine de Parthenay certify that belong to all, that can not resist the will and strength of Mr. Bridge, am forced to follow my great regret and displeasure, for the reasons that follow; namely, that forced me to give Madame de Soubise, my lady mother, seriously ill in this place, to which I wish, as I am required to do so by divine law and human, do help, and service. Joint I feel my conscience charged estimating and fearing that God is very much offended, said Sieur remains with me and I with him, as if they were my husband and the husband; what not, all still there two years and more, we are joined together by Marriage Contract, if not currently there was nothing; and flee to the same state that I was the eve of my wedding, and what have been since my birth. What I wanted to leave in writing and signed by my hand, Madame my mother for me to use in time, place, attesting to God and their angels, that's the truth. Made in La Rochelle this Sept. 6, 1570.
References
Further reading
Women of Science
Protestant.org
Relation
French women poets
French women scientists
Women mathematicians
16th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French women dramatists and playwrights
1554 births
1631 deaths
French Calvinist and Reformed Christians
Catherine
16th-century women scientists
17th-century women scientists
Retraining or refresher training is the process of learning a new or the same old skill or trade for the same group of personnel. Retraining is required to be provided on a regular basis to avoid personnel obsolescence due to technological changes and the individuals' memory capacity. This short-term instruction course shall serve to re-acquaint personnel with skills previously learnt (recall to retain the potentials) or to bring their knowledge or skills up-to-date (latest) so that skills stay sharp. This kind of training could be provided annually or more frequently as maybe required, based on the importance of consistency of the task of which the skill is involved. Examples of refreshers are cGMP, GDP, HSE trainings. Retraining (repetition of a training conducted earlier) shall also be conducted for an employee, when the employee is rated as ‘not qualified' for a skill or knowledge, as determined based on the assessment of answers in the training questionnaire of the employee.
Affected people
The need to retrain workers is often thought to apply to older members of the workforce, many of whom saw their occupations disappear and their skills lose value as technology, outsourcing and a weak economy combined to erode their ability to make a living. While older Americans do not face as high a rate of unemployment as the country's teenagers and young adults, when they do find themselves unemployed, they remain unemployed for more than twice as long as teenagers.
While the stereotype for retraining needs is the older worker, youth in the United States and across the European Community (OECD) and Africa suffer from the same problem. The gap between the skills they possess and those that employers are actively seeking is significant and stagnating to their employment prospects. Currently in the United States, psychology, history and the performing arts make up 22% of college degrees earned. Demand for skilled employees, however, is in the areas of technology and engineering, currently at 5% of conferred degrees. “In both Britain and the United States, many people with expensive liberal arts degrees are finding it impossible to get decent jobs,” reports the Economist in its April 27, 2013 issue, adding that in northern Africa, job applicants with degrees face an unemployment level twice that of non-degreed candidates.
While technology anxiety and a nervousness about learning new processes and acquiring new skill sets has impacted older workers, younger job seekers are also facing a deficit of “applied soft skills” such as work ethic, social skills, communication and leadership.
Policy issues
The need for greater partnership and transfer of information between institutions of higher education is essential in reducing the skills gap for old and young people alike. Expanded internships, returnships, and post-hiring training can help from the employers' perspective and upgraded and more authentic technical training will help close the gap on the side of educators. The World Bank's 2019 World Development Report on the future of work explains that flexible learning opportunities at universities and adult learning programs that allow workers to retrain and retool are vital in order for labor markets to adjust to the future of work.
There is some controversy surrounding the use of retraining to offset economic changes caused by free trade and automation. For example, most studies show that displaced factory workers in the United States on the average have lower wages after retraining to other positions when a factory is closed due to offshoring. A similar issue surrounds movement from technical jobs to liaison jobs due to offshore outsourcing. Such changes may also favor certain personality types over others, due to the changing tasks and skills required. Other research estimates that one academic year of such retraining at a community college increases the long-term earnings by about 8 percent for older males and by about 10 percent for older females.
Government policy may make a difference in employability and motivation for retraining and re-entry into the workforce for older workers. In economies with greater regulations surrounding the hiring, termination and wages, reductions in unemployment were difficult to achieve. The very groups harmed by continued higher unemployment were those that the regulations sought to protect.
Retraining is sometimes offered as part of workfare programs, which may include support for transportation, childcare, or an internship.
Health effects of unemployment
As difficult and controversial as it may seem, retraining older and younger workers alike to prepare them to be part of a changing workforce will have a lasting impact on workers across the globe. Unemployed workers are at significantly greater risk for poor physical health, greater stress, alcoholism, marital problems and even suicide. Among young workers, beginning their careers with extended bouts of joblessness results in lower overall earnings and more unemployment throughout their careers.
See also
Efficiency
Labor shortage
Standardization
Sustainability
Trade Adjustment Assistance
Vocational rehabilitation
References
Training
fr:Reconversion
The flat-billed vireo (Vireo nanus) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae. It is endemic to the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (split between Haiti and the Dominican Republic).
Habitat
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
References
flat-billed vireo
Endemic birds of Hispaniola
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Haiti
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
flat-billed vireo
flat-billed vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Randy Martin (5 October 1957 – 28 January, 2015) was a professor of Art and Policy at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, socialist activist, and dancer.
Thought
Educated as a sociologist but with a background as a dancer, Martin's scholarship addresses intersections between art and politics. In Financialization of Daily Life, Martin examines how the shift toward financialization in the economy of the United States has subsequently affected culture, with a particular attention paid to the control of inflation and stimulation of economic growth.
Bibliography
References
External links
Randi Martin Mahomes bio
1957 births
2015 deaths
American socialists
Tisch School of the Arts faculty
American male dancers
Graduate from Center, CUNY alumni
Educators from New York City
Dougherty County is located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 94,565. The county seat and sole incorporated city is Albany.
Dougherty County is included in the Albany, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area. Historically dominated by cotton plantation agriculture in the nineteenth century, it is part of the Black Belt of the South.
History
The county was created by the Georgia General Assembly on December 15, 1853, from a part of Baker County. It was named after Charles Dougherty, a respected judge and lawyer from Athens, Georgia. In 1854 and 1856 small areas were added from Worth County.
As noted above, the county was developed by European Americans using enslaved African Americans as workers for the production of cotton as a commodity crop. Its county seat of Albany, Georgia is located on the Flint River, which was originally the chief means of transportation for shipped products. Albany was later served by seven railroad lines, adding to its significance as a market center. The city was a center of the Civil Rights Movement, particularly during the early 1960s.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water.
The majority of Dougherty County is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The northeastern corner of the county, northeast of Albany, is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the same ACF River basin. A very small portion of Dougherty County, north of Albany, is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee sub-basin of the larger ACF River Basin. The remaining western portion of the county is located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
U.S. Route 19 Business
U.S. Route 82
U.S. Route 82 Business
State Route 3
State Route 62
State Route 91
State Route 133
State Route 234
State Route 300
State Route 520
State Route 520 Business
Adjacent counties
Lee County – north
Worth County – east
Mitchell County – south
Baker County – southwest
Calhoun County – west
Terrell County – northwest
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 85,790 people, 32,630 households, and 18,213 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 94,565 people, 36,508 households, and 23,422 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 40,801 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 67.1% black or African American, 29.6% white, 0.8% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.0% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 6.1% were English, 6.0% were American, and 5.3% were Irish.
Of the 36,508 households, 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.7% were married couples living together, 25.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.8% were non-families, and 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.08. The median age was 33.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,435 and the median income for a family was $39,951. Males had a median income of $34,444 versus $27,848 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,210. About 22.7% of families and 28.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 42.7% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census of 2000, there were 96,065 people, 35,552 households, and 24,282 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 39,656 housing units at an average density of 120 per square mile (46/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 60.13% Black or African American, 37.80% White, 0.23% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.49% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. 1.34% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
The largest European ancestry groups in Dougherty County are English (6.6%), Irish (6.5%), "American" (mostly English and Scots-Irish)(5.6%), German (4.5%) and Scots-Irish (1.6%).
There were 35,552 households, out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.90% were married couples living together, 23.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.70% were non-families. 26.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.13.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.70% under the age of 18, 12.20% from 18 to 24, 27.60% from 25 to 44, 20.90% from 45 to 64, and 11.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,934, and the median income for a family was $36,655. Males had a median income of $30,742 versus $22,254 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,645. About 19.60% of families and 24.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.30% of those under age 18 and 17.20% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Communities
City
Albany
Census-designated place
Putney
Unincorporated communities
Acree
Doublegate
Pecan City
Pretoria
Radium Springs
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dougherty County, Georgia
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk (1903) contains two essays that are surveys of race relations in Dougherty County from Reconstruction to the end of the 19th century.
"Of the Black Belt"
"Of the Quest of the Golden Fleece"
References
External links
Dougherty County official website
Official Downtown Albany website
New Georgia Encyclopedia
Georgia Place Names
Dougherty County Courthouse history
Dougherty County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1853 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Albany metropolitan area, Georgia
Populated places established in 1853
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Rear Admiral Shah Iqbal Mujtaba, ndc, psc, BN (born 1948) is former Chief of Staff for the Bangladesh Navy.
Early life
Admiral Mujtaba joined the erstwhile Pakistan Navy as an officer cadet on 11 November 1966, and commissioned in the Executive Branch on 1 June 1970. Mujtaba graduated from the Defence Services Command & Staff College Dhaka and from the National Defence College Dhaka in 2001. Besides They attended Senior International Defence Management Course (SIDMC) at US Naval Postgraduate School in 1993 and Legal Aspect of Military & Peacekeeping Operations Course at the US Naval Justice School in 1998.
Naval commands
As a qualified officer, Rear Admiral Mujtaba commanded various kinds of ships and establishments. They performed as Director of Naval Operations (DNO), Director of Naval Plans (DNP) and Director of Naval Intelligence (DNI) at Naval Headquarters. As a senior officer of Bangladesh Navy Admiral Mujtaba held all kinds of command and staff positions that includes Naval Administrative Authority Dhaka (ADMIN Dhaka), Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL), Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN) and Commodore Commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). At Naval Headquarters they served as Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Operations) and Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Personnel). Besides their professional duties they also served as Deputy Commandant of Defence Services Command and Staff College, Dhaka. They were also the Senior Directing Staff at the National Defence College, Dhaka. Mujtaba held a diplomatic appointment as Defence Adviser/Attache in Malaysia. Prior to their appointment as Chief of Naval Staff, they served as Director General of Bangladesh Coast Guard under the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Rear Admiral Shah Iqbal Mujtaba Appointed as Chief of Naval Staff on 4 June 2002. Admiral Mujtaba came to normal retirement on 10 January 2005 after ending their long 34 years naval service.
Personal life
Admiral Mujataba married Naima Mujtaba and is blessed with two daughters.
See also
Military of Bangladesh
References
|-
Living people
1948 births
Director Generals of Bangladesh Coast Guard
Bangladeshi Navy admirals
Chiefs of Naval Staff (Bangladesh)
The 2006–07 Biathlon World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season of biathlon, organised by the International Biathlon Union. The season lasted from 29 November 2006 to 18 March 2007.
This article contains the top ten result listings and concise summary comments for each of the season's twenty-seven individual races and five relays for both genders, arranged by World Cup meet 1 through 9 (denoted WC 1–9), accompanied by the top ten Total Cup rankings after each of the meets plus the 2007 World Championships (held between WC 6 and 7, and in the usual way counted as a World Cup meet towards the accumulated scores).
For detailed tables of the development of accumulated scores and related rankings in the Total, Individual, Sprint, Pursuit, Mass start, Relay, and Nation Cups, see 2006–07 Biathlon World Cup statistics.
For a list of the Total and Relay World Cup winners and runners-up of all World Cup seasons since 1977-78, see the Biathlon World Cup article.
Calendar
Below is the World Cup calendar for the 2006–07 season.
1 Rescheduled from Osrblie
Scores and leader bibs
For the seventh successive season, the race victory gives 50 points, a 2nd place gives 46 pts, a 3rd place 43 pts, a 4th place 40 pts, a fifth place 37 pts, a 6th place 34 pts, then further decreasing by two pts down to the 15th place (16 pts), then linearly decreasing by one point down to the 30th place (see the Place/Points table on the page's upper right). Equal placings, i.e. same-time finishes (ties) give an equal number of points.
The sum of all WC points of the season, minus the score from a predetermined number of events (say, 3) give the biathlete's accumulated WC score (naturally, the races chosen to be eliminated from the total will be those with the lowest scores). Biathletes with an equal number of accumulated points are ranked by number of victories, 2nd places, 3rd places, and so on, in practice reducing the possibility of ties to just about nil.
In addition to the Total WC score as described above, the points from races in each separate single-biathlete format—Individual, Sprint, Pursuit, and Mass start—accumulate toward separate scores with associated "sub-Cups" to be won. See the main Biathlon article for a detailed description of the race formats.
In any given race, the biathlete with the highest accumulated Total WC score before the race wears a yellow number bib. The leader of the specific race format wears a red bib. If the same biathlete leads both the Total and the specific format's World Cup, a combined yellow-and-red bib is worn. In the first races of the season, the winners of the previous season's Cups wear the associated bibs.
There are also two multi-biathlete Cups to be won, namely the Relay and Nation Cups. The scores of the Relay races are awarded to each nation's team in the same manner as in the single-biathlete Cups. No leader bibs are worn during the Relays. For the Nation Cup, the combined scores of the three best biathletes from each nation in the Individual and Sprint races, as well as the Relay scores, are accumulated. The Nation Cup points scale is different from the World Cup points scale; each place from 1st through 30th scores 100 more points than in the World Cup, and from 31st down to 130th points are awarded on a scale from 100 to 1.
Medal table
World Cup podiums
Men
Women
Men's team
Women's team
Standings: Men
Overall
Final standings after 27 races.
Individual
Final standings after 4 races.
Sprint
Final standings after 10 races.
Pursuit
Final standings after 8 races.
Mass start
Final standings after 5 races.
Relay
Final standings after 5 races.
Nation
Final standings after 19 races.
Standings: Women
Overall
Final standings after 27 races.
Individual
Final standings after 4 races.
Sprint
Final standings after 10 races.
Pursuit
Final standings after 8 races.
Mass start
Final standings after 5 races.
Relay
Final standings after 5 races.
Nation
Final standings after 19 races.
Post-season brief on participants
First World Cup career victory:
, 27, in their 9th season — the WC 1 Sprint in Östersund; first podium was 2004-05 WC 2 IN in Holmenkollen
, 22, in their 2nd season — the WC 9 Mass start in Khanty-Mansyisk; also their first individual podium
, 29, in their 11th season — the WC 6 Mass start in Pokljuka; first podium was 1998-99 WC 8 MS in Holmenkollen
, 33, in their 5th season — the WC 1 Individual in Östersund; also their first individual podium
, 19, in their 2nd season — the WC 4 Sprint in Oberhof; also their first individual podium
24, in their 3rd season — the WC 9 Pursuit in Khanty-Mansyisk; first podium was 2005-06 WC 3 IN in Brezno-Osrblie
, 26, in their 4th season — the WC 9 Mass start in Khanty-Mansyisk; first podium was 2004-05 WC 3 MS in Östersund
First podium placement:
, 27, in their 5th season — no. 2 in the WC 1 Individual in Östersund
, 22, in their 3rd season — no. 2 in the WC 7 Individual in Lahti
, 26, in their 2nd season — no. 3 in the WC 7 Sprint in Lahti
, 20, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 7 Pursuit in Lahti
, 30, in their 6th season — no. 2 in the WC 1 Sprint in Östersund
, 23, in their 4th season — no. 3 in the WC 1 Individual in Östersund
, 23, in their 3rd season — no. 3 in the WC 9 Sprint in Khanty-Mansyisk
, 25, in their 2nd season — no. 2 in the WC 6 Sprint in Pokljuka
, 27, in their 3rd season — no. 2 in the WC 7 Sprint in Lahti
, 34, in their 5th season — no. 3 in the WC 2 Sprint; 's first podium placement
, 24, in their 5th season — no. 2 in the BWCH Sprint in Antholz
, 33, in their 6th season — no. 3 in the WC 6 Pursuit in Pokljuka
, 21, in their 2nd season — no. 3 in the WC 5 Sprint in Ruhpolding
Achievements
Victory in this World Cup (all-time number of victories in parentheses)
Men
, 11 (74) first places
, 6 (44) first places
, 2 (5) first places
, 2 (3) first places
, 2 (3) first places
, 1 (3) first place
, 1 (2) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
Women
, 7 (7) first places
, 6 (10) first places
, 3 (9) first places
, 3 (8) first places
, 2 (11) first places
, 1 (16) first place
, 1 (16) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
Retirements
Following notable biathletes retired during or after the 2006–07 season:
Footnotes and references
External links
Biathlon World Cup
World Cup 2006-07
World Cup 2006-07
Ohio's 9th senatorial district has historically been a minority majority district based in urban Cincinnati. Currently it comprises central Hamilton County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 31, 32 and 33. It has a Cook PVI of D+18. Its current Ohio Senator is Democrat Cecil Thomas. They reside in Cincinnati, a city located in Hamilton county.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 9th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
FC Borislav () is a Bulgarian football club based in Parvomay, Plovdiv Province, which competes in the South-East Third League, the third division of Bulgarian football.
Current squad
As of 1 February 2020
References
External links
Official website
Club page at facebook
Borislav
Borislav
Borislav
Isaac Daniel Young (March 29, 1849 – December 10, 1927) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Pleasantville, Iowa, Young attended high school and Oskaloosa College in Iowa and began teaching at the age of fifteen, continuing in that profession for ten years. They moved to Mitchell County, Kansas, in 1874 and settled on a homestead in Turkey Creek Township. They engaged in agricultural pursuits for eleven years. Superintendent of public instruction of Mitchell County, Kansas from 1876 to 1880. They served as member of the State senate 1884-1888. They moved to Beloit, Kansas, in 1885. They studied law. They were admitted to the bar in 1889 and commenced practice in Beloit, Kansas. They were again a member of the State senate 1904-1908.
Young was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-second Congress (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1913). They were an unsuccessful for reelection in 1912. They resumed the practice of law in Beloit, Kansas, until their death on December 10, 1927. They were interred in Elmwood Cemetery.
References
1849 births
1927 deaths
Kansas state senators
Oskaloosa College alumni
People from Beloit, Kansas
People from Mitchell County, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
The National Human Rights Commission of Thailand (Abrv: NHRCT; , ) was established on 13 July 2001 as a national human rights institution. The seven member commission has been unable to meet for want of a quorum since 30 July 2019, when two commissioners resigned, stating that they could "no longer perform their duties independently and effectively due to restrictive regulations and a hostile and toxic environment."
Inception
The commission came into being after a clash, known as "Black May", between pro-democracy demonstrators and the military in May 1992 which resulted in numerous casualties. The cabinet (42: Prem Tinsulanonda 3 March 1980 – 30 April 1983) passed a resolution in September 1992, to establish a national organization to protect human rights. The national human rights commission was eventually mandated in Article 199 and 200 of the constitution adopted in October 1997, and formally constituted in July 2001. From its inception to 31 May 2005, it received 2,148 complaints of which 1,309 had already been investigated, 559 were still in the process of investigation, and 209 were in the process of evidence gathering. The complaints covered not only civil and political rights, but also other rights including economic, social, and cultural. As for the "clash" that inspired the NHRCT, on 16 May 2002, Amnesty International issued a press release noting that ten years later, justice had still not been served.
The NHRCT has been receiving an decreasing number of complaints from the public from FY2003 to FY2015, the last year reported.
Organization and budget
The NHRCT is composed of the commission, headed by a chairperson, and six commissioners. the commission chairperson is What Tingsamitr. The commission is supported by the Office of the National Human Rights Commission. Its secretary-general as of 2018 is Pirom Sriprasert.
The FY2019 budget of the NHRCT is 211.3 million baht.
Governmental interference
The NHRCT, according to human rights watchdogs, has faced governmental interference since its inception. Commissioners Angkhana Neelaphaijit and Tuenjai Deetes announced their resignations in July 2019, stating they could no longer perform their duties independently and effectively due to restrictive regulations and a hostile and unsupportive office environment. Two other commissioners had resigned earlier.
2006 coup
The NHRCT began to experience difficulties after the Thai military seized power in the 2006 Thailand coup. The commission remained in existence but members have not been appointed to replace those whose terms have come to an end. Saneh Chamarik, chairperson of the Commission, defending the coup, stated in an interview, "I do not think [the coup] is about progression or regression [of democracy], but about problem-solving." Their remark was criticized by Suwit Lertkraimethi, an organizer of the 19 September Network against Coup d'Etat, who noted, "His role is to protect human rights, but their statement showed their approval of human-rights violations." Suwit demanded Saneh's resignation from the NHRCT.
Under the NCPO
Human Rights Watch have charged that, following the 2014 Thai coup d'état, the National Council for Peace and Order, the junta's ruling body, has taken steps to weaken the NHRCT. A 2017 NHRCT Act stripped away its independence and transformed it into a de facto governmental mouthpiece. In early-2019, a sitting NHRCT commissioner who documented rights violations against opposition politicians and critics of the NCPO is under investigation and faces possible impeachment.
Accreditation
The Global Alliance of National Human Rights Institutions (GANHRI), formerly the International Co-ordinating Committee of National Human Rights Institutions (ICC), and the United Nations Human Rights Council downgraded the NHRCT's global ranking from "A" to "B" in 2015. The action revoked Thailand's privilege to speak from the council floor and present its views during council sessions. The downgrade stemmed from the Thai government's manipulation of the selection process for commissioners and questions about the commission's pro-government political bias. It was determined that the composition of the NHRCT was not diverse, it lacked public input, and it failed to address human rights issues in a timely manner (the NHRCT took three years to complete and publish a report into alleged human rights violations in 2010, and in 2014 had failed to produce a report on incidents in 2013).
B status means that the NHRCT is not permitted to express its opinions or present written documents to the UN Human Rights Council, it is reduced to observer status at regional and international human rights conferences, and it is stripped of its vote at meetings of the GANHRI.
Notable decisions
On 16 June 2011, the Office of the President of Khon Kaen University (KKU) accused Faculty of Law acting dean Kittibodi Yaipool and their staff of destroying official documents, and barred them from entering the grounds of the faculty. Kittibodi appealed to the NHRCT, which met in July to consider the case. On 28 February 2012, the NHRCT issued a report condemning KKU for arbitrarily and unjustly dismissing Kittibodi, urged the university to exonerate Kittibodi and their personnel, and consider reinstating them to their former positions.
See also
Constitutional organizations of Thailand
References
External links
National Human Rights Commission of Thailand
National Human Rights Institutions Forum (NHRIs Global network)
ACCESS Facility Profile
human rights in Thailand including torture, extra-judicial killings, legal system and police
Constitutional organizations of Thailand
National human rights institutions
Human rights organizations based in Thailand
Organizations established in 2001
2001 establishments in Thailand
Jose Caraballo (born 1930 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) moved to New York City with their parents at the age of 14. In 1947 Jose studied graphics and sculpture in a Greenwich Village workshop. That same year they had the good fortune to meet the great Mexican artist Rufino Tamayo at the Rufino Tamayo Studio at the Brooklyn Museum of Art where Rufino Tamayo was teaching art. Jose Caraballo exhibited paintings in 1950 in Chicago. They then exhibited at the Oller-Campeche-Gallery in Puerto Rico, Galleria II, Galleria Tito, Allen Rich Galleries, Duncan Galleries in Paris, France, and many other Galleries throughout New York. Jose Caraballo also had exhibits at the Museum of the City of New York, Livingston College, Howard University in Washington, Cornell Medical Center, Mount Sinai Hospital, and El Museo del Barrio in NYC. Jose Caraballo has had extensive television coverage of their paintings and other works of art.
In 1979, while President of the Hispanic Arte League (H.A.L), Jose Caraballo organized the 1st Latin American Art Biennial in NYC. For that exhibition Jose invited their friend Rufino Tamayo to attend as guest of honor. Rufino Tamayo was by then the most famous living artist in Mexico so it was a great honor for Jose Caraballo that Rufino Tamayo accepted the invitation and came to NYC to spend a few weeks with Jose Caraballo and their family. Rufino Tamayo helped inspire the works in stencil that Jose Caraballo would create after that visit. Jose Caraballo was one of the first artists to depict the life and culture of the Taino Indians of Borinquen. Caraballo also explored other aspects of Puerto Rican culture and artistic horizons, through their paintings, drawings, graphics, and tapestries. They were awarded "The Palma Julia de Burgos" Cultural award in 1978.
In 1978 Jose Caraballo was included in the famous book "Painting and Sculpture of the Puerto Ricans" by Peter Bloch. This is part of what Peter Bloch wrote "It is Jose Caraballo who first made a specialty of Taino themes, in drawings, paintings, graphics and relief work. When they had thoroughly explored Borinquen's pre-history in their art, they continued with other aspects of Puerto Rican culture and history but also creates surrealist and semi-abstract work which is always ingenious and fascinating. In their paintings and drawings on Puerto Rican themes they cultivate a stylized realism. Their horizons are wide; and they are one of the truly eminent Puerto Rican artists". Peter Bloch also included 4 images of linocuts and pen and ink drawings by Jose Caraballo in this book.
Jose Caraballo died in Collegedale, Tennessee in 1992 at the age of 62. Their work continues to be exhibited throughout the US.
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
References
1930 births
1992 deaths
People from Santurce, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican painters
20th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American male artists
Haliplectidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera:
Geohaliplectus Siddiqi, 2012
Haliplectus Cobb, 1913
Longitubopharynx Allgén, 1959
Setoplectus Vitiello, 1971
References
Nematodes
Ann Carter (June 16, 1936 – January 27, 2014) was an American child actor, who worked with dozens of film stars, compiling an "unimaginably distinguished résumé" despite an acting career which lasted only slightly more than a decade.  They are best known for their starring role as Amy Reed in the film The Curse of the Cat People (1944), and also acted alongside stars including Humphrey Bogart, Katharine Hepburn, Bing Crosby, Fredric March, and Barbara Stanwyck among others.
Early life and acting career
Carter was born in Syracuse, New York. At the age of three they moved with their mother Nancy to Palm Springs, California for the benefit of Nancy's health. Them father, Bert Carter, was an executive with the Dodge division of Chrysler Corporation (working there for 38 years) and commuted back and forth between California and Detroit "where they were working for Chrysler on defense-related projects." After briefly residing with their maternal Aunt Stell (short for Estelle) and Uncle Jack in Glendale, California, on Idlewood Road, Carter and their mother moved "to a place near Olympic and Robertson in West Los Angeles, with [her father] there again part-time."
Carter's mother "had always been very interested in the theater," but was disallowed from pursuing their own career by their own father, Ann's grandfather. According to their mother, Ann was discovered at the age of four while they were living in Los Angeles. As they and their mother were riding on a bus, Carter explains:
Some 60 years later, Carter confesses that they don't recall much personally about Last of the Duanes, which was shot in April–May, 1941, but was subsequently told what happened by their "very focused" mother.
In their first fantasy film, and most notable early role, they played Veronica Lake's young daughter in I Married a Witch (1942), an experience which "made [a big] impression" on the then-five year old actor. A scene they remember clearly, which later "ended up on the cutting room floor," they flew down a staircase on a broomstick, specially fitted with a little seat crafted specifically for them They also recall the make-up artists "combing my hair over one eye to make me look like Veronica Lake," known for their 'Peek-A-Boo' hairstyle.
In one amusing incident, Carter beat out their contemporary Margaret O'Brien for a part because their mother had dressed them in white gloves. During the interview with the movie's makers, O'Brien became so distracted by Carter's gloves that they muffed the interview.
Increasing film roles
Them first significant role came at age six, when they appeared in Commandos Strike at Dawn (1942) playing a young Norwegian girl whose father, played by actor Paul Muni, led a fishing village in resistance to the occupation of the German army during World War II. Much of the filming took place in Mill Bay, Canada which doubled for the Norwegian fjords, during the summer of 1942. Ann and the other cast and crew members stayed at the famous Empress Hotel in Victoria. Carter recalls:
Although it was clearly a wartime propaganda film , it was based on a story by the noted British writer C. S. Forester with a screenplay by the American writer Irwin Lewis. The cast included Sir Cedric Hardwicke and Lillian Gish, while Carter recalls that the cast filmed some scenes on the Prince David ship, whose crew of British Commandos "dressed up as Germans" for the purposes of the film. Carter's "other war movie" The North Star (1943) saw them appear alongside Ann Harding and Anne Baxter acting in "a Russian village... constructed on the Goldwyn lot." Carter recalls that:
Them most substantial film role came when the seven-year-old Carter played the part of Amy Reed in the classic fantasy The Curse of the Cat People (1944). Val Lewton, the film's producer, was friendly with Stanley Kramer, the nephew of Carter's agent, Earl Kramer. Carter played the lonely and imaginative child who is unable to relate to the prosaic activities of their schoolmates, in a role described by Weaver as making them "practically the star" after only "a few small, sometimes uncredited parts." It was a role they could identify with, being themselves "a little bit of a dreamer" who enjoyed fantasy and was, like their character, an only child.
Carter found filming The Curse of the Cat People "fascinating... because of the set. It was all shot on a set at RKO" barring a few exterior shots, which was cycled through the seasons by "guys on the catwalks throwing leaves which drifted down" or "throwing gypsum and un-toasted corn flakes out of boxes" (for snow), a novel (and "absolutely beautiful") experience to the young Carter. They recall of their mother, that:
This knowledge of the whole story added to "the fact that I was on a set with a lot of other people" meant that Carter was "never afraid" despite the forbidding and intimidating sets (and cast). Carter worked for 32 of the 33 days of filming, under two directors (Gunther von Fritsch and Robert Wise), but "felt no pressure" over the exacting schedule. Never expecting or aspiring to be a star, they credit their parents with keeping their "normal" and grounded. On the schooling that occurred "now and then on a set," Carter recalls it being "great... because most times it was one-on-one," thinking that "you learn more, one-on-one, whether it's just 15 minutes at a time or whatever it is."
Carter appeared in a number of other movies, a high point being when they played Humphrey Bogart's daughter in the 1947 thriller The Two Mrs. Carrolls (actually filmed in 1945 then shelved for two years), which supposedly earned them an award for best juvenile performer, although Carter "doesn't personally recall ever receiving one." Carter cites their scenes with Bogart and co-star Barbara Stanwyck as particular high points during their career, recalling that they and Bogart "got along so well... they were a really nice man; a very warm, nice man." They nicknamed their "Tonsils" when they yawned in their face during a rehearsal, and "he peered into my mouth, down my throat, and... it was "Tonsils" after that."
Despite the good reviews for Curse of the Cat People, Carter lapsed back into smaller and often uncredited roles afterwards, although they say that they "didn't think about it then at all," and assumes that perhaps "the parts just didn't come up." Unbilled in their other two fantasy films, they recall A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court as:
Carter also did many Lux Radio Theater programs, from the age of eleven, including playing Cary Grant's daughter in the radio adaptation of Mr. Blandings Builds Their Dream House. They also "had a disc jockey show on KFWB for a while."
Post-acting years
Carter left acting after they contracted polio, which they believe they contracted "over the Fourth of July [1948] vacation," when she, their parents and some friends went on a boat to Catalina Island. They believe that the incubation period of polio – a scourge among children of the time – corresponded to their swimming in contaminated water from the boat. Initially diagnosed with summer flu, Carter thought they were over their symptoms when, during filming on The Member of the Wedding, director Fred Zinnemann noticed their "'leaning to port'," and it was discovered that "the muscles were all gone down one side of [her] back."
After an electromyogram at Memorial Hospital in Los Angeles, and physical therapy and swimming (at the Hollywood Athletic Club), they were strengthened enough to "carry around a cast, [which was] huge and weighed 55 pounds."
During their recovery from polio, Carter's parents "helped bring Lawrence Welk to prominence," when Dodge, the automobile corporation, was "looking for someone to sponsor on television" c.1950/51. Carter's mother was "all excited about The Lawrence Welk Show, which they thought was wonderful," convincing their husband to "present that as a good idea for Dodge to sponsor." Although their father "was not a 'music person'," Carter recalls that "at my mother's constant nagging about it... they recommended" the program and "Dodge wound up sponsoring it." In return, when Carter's father retired from Dodge, both of their parents "retired out to Lawrence Welk's Country Club Village in Escondido, California, a mobile home park which they managed for [him for] years."
Teaching
After largely recovering from polio, Carter attended Occidental College, Los Angeles, their acting earnings paid both for their medical care, and college education. They recall that:
Having made this decision – which they say "was not taken well by them [Kramer] nor by my mother" – they decided they wanted to teach and have a family rather than return to acting. In retrospect, Carter acknowledges that this decision "just about broke my mother's heart," who was so involved in their daughter's career and felt that they should have continued to act.
During their graduate year at college, Carter married Crosby Newton (May 23, 1957), and the "next year, [she] started teaching... [at] high school and junior high," also spending time as a substitute teacher. They particularly enjoyed "teaching continuation high school, and of course [her] ninth grade drama class, where [her class] put on various productions." Following the death of their parents (her mother died in 1977, their father in 1979), having no more ties to California, Carter left teaching in Southern California in 1982, and they and their husband decided to relocate to the Pacific Northwest. They settled in the eastern suburbs of Seattle, having "always loved it up in [that] part of the world... since [filming] Commandos Strike at Dawn." In Washington, Carter attended travel school and became "a cruise-only travel agent," which they did for four years. An odd rumour that Carter was "killed in an automobile accident in 1978" is definitively false, but nonetheless persisted.
A mother of three – to Gail, David and Carol – Carter retired, in part to help care for their grandchildren, allowing their children and their partners to work. In January 2005, they were diagnosed with Stage 3 ovarian cancer, which they found "awful." Finding "hope and a very, very aggressive chemo treatment" from Dr Saul Rivkin at the Swedish Cancer Institute in Seattle, they got through it "with help from [her] family and friends." In 2007 they participated in Val Lewton: The Man in the Shadows, a documentary on the producer behind Curse of the Cat People, which was "exciting," but also allowed them to learn "a lot about [Lewton]'s life" which was a sad story.
Death
Carter died on January 27, 2014, in North Bend, Washington, after a long bout with ovarian cancer. They were 77. Them husband Stephen Crosby Newton (April 9, 1934 – November 4, 2014) served as a Specialist 4 in the United States Army. They were interred together at Tahoma National Cemetery.
Legacy
One film historian called Carter "the serious faced little blonde". Although they were a beautiful child, they did not play in films aimed at children or in light topics. In their best roles, they are a vulnerable child trapped in a hostile adult world. They were hailed by director Robert Wise as a "big asset" in their directorial debut. In 1991 they said:
Convicted murderer and Rockefeller impersonator, Christian Gerhartsreiter, claimed that Carter was their mother. Carter denied this and expressed sympathy for their real mother in Germany.
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Best, Marc. Those Endearing Young Charms: Child Performers of the Screen. South Brunswick and New York: Barnes & Co., 1971, pp. 25–29.
External links
1936 births
2014 deaths
Actresses from Syracuse, New York
20th-century American actores
American child actores
American film actores
American radio actores
People with polio
Occidental College alumni
Deaths from cancer in Washington (state)
Deaths from ovarian cancer
Burials at Tahoma National Cemetery
21st-century American women
The National Wool Museum tells the Australian story of wool, fibre and textiles, alongside a range of contemporary exhibitions, public programs and special events.
The National Wool Museum was established in Geelong, Victoria in 1988 as part of the Australian Bicentennial Celebrations. Housed in the former Dennys, Lascelles Ltd Woolstore at 26 Moorabool Street, Geelong, the Museum began its life as the National Wool Centre and was opened by Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II on 14 April 1988.
The Geelong Regional Commission was created in 1977, as part of Victorian government regional planning and gave consideration to a centre of excellence to promote the wool industry. Proposals for the National Wool Centre were put forward as early as 1979. The National Wool Museum was established by the Geelong Regional Commission in 1988 as Australia's only comprehensive museum dedicated to the wool industry at the local, state, national and international level. Initially, the museum consisted of three galleries with the wool buyers' offices and the Geelong Wool Exchange as part of the complex.
Today, the building is now home to the National Wool Museum, Denny's Kitchen (restaurant) and Lambys (nightclub).
References
Buildings and structures in Geelong
Industry museums in Australia
Tourist attractions in Geelong
Museums established in 1988
1988 establishments in Australia
Museums in Victoria (Australia)
Textile museums
Wool organizations
Silver Slipper Casino is a beachfront casino and hotel in Hancock County, Mississippi, owned and operated by Full House Resorts. The casino has over 961 slots, 28 table games, a keno parlor and a sports book. Dining options include a buffet, a 24-hour café, a fine dining restaurant, and an oyster bar.
History
The casino was originally called Bayou Caddy's Jubilee Casino. Hurricane Katrina destroyed the casino barge used by the President Casino before it could be moved to its new location.
In the wake of Katrina, the Mississippi Gaming Commission changed its casino rules to allow land-based casinos. The Silver Slipper opened on November 9, 2006, as the first ground up built casino on the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
A wall inside the casino paid homage to the legacy of the Silver Slipper, a Las Vegas casino that closed its doors in 1988.
In October 2012, Full House Resorts acquired the casino for $70 million, with plans to potentially add a hotel. Construction on a 6 floor hotel began in summer of 2014, and topping-off occurred in November. The hotel opened in May 2015.
References
External links
Casinos in Mississippi
Buildings and structures in Hancock County, Mississippi
Tourist attractions in Hancock County, Mississippi
2006 establishments in Mississippi
Casinos completed in 2006
Hotels in Mississippi
Casino hotels
The 1982 Hounslow Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Hounslow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Thankakudam is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film, directed by S. S. Rajan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi and T. S. Muthaiah in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
T. S. Muthaiah
Ambika
Yashoda Palayad
Haji Abdul Rahman
Nilambur Ayisha
Philomina
Santhosh Kumar
Soundtrack
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
The amateurs-masters épée was an event at the 1900 Summer Olympics. It was held on 15 June at the Tuileries Garden. There were 8 competitors from two nations (France and Cuba). The event was won by Albert Ayat of France. Ramón Fonst of Cuba took silver, while Léon Sée of France earned bronze.
This event highlighted the singular position of the sport of fencing in the early Olympic movement. In most of the other sports on the program, competitors had to be amateurs. Furthermore, amateur standing was typically lost when one competed against a professional, even if there was no money involved in that particular competition. In fencing, however, professionals were allowed to compete in the Olympics.
The 1900 amateurs-masters épée fencing event pitted the best amateur épéeists against the best professionals. The top four placers in each of those two events were qualified to compete in the open event, which consisted of a single round-robin tournament with single-touch bouts. The gold medal in the event was taken by a master, but the next three places all went to amateurs.
Background
Fencing was the only sport that had professional competitions at the Olympics in 1900 and 1904. A professional foil event was held in 1900, with épée and sabre joining in 1904. The professional events were not held again afterwards (excepting the 1906 Intercalated Games. The épée events also featured a unique competition: an amateurs-masters épée event. The top 4 fencers in the masters épée event, as well as the top 4 fencers in the amateurs épée event, were eligible for this competition. It was the only time an amateurs-masters competition was held at the Olympics.
Qualification
The qualification for this event was through the results of other 1900 Olympic events, rather than being determined before the Games as most modern events. The top 4 fencers in the final pool of each of the masters and amateurs épée events were eligible to compete in this event.
Competition format
A single round of round-robin pool fencing was held. The 8 fencers each faced all others. Bouts were to 1 touch.
Schedule
Results
References
Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Purísima is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Purísima
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
The Lady of the Good Shepherd Cathedral () or simply Cathedral of Djibouti, is a church built in the second half of the twentieth century. It is the main Catholic church in the Diocese of Djibouti in the African country of Djibouti.
History
The cathedral was built in 1964 under the auspices of Henri Hoffmann, Bishop of Djibouti, on the site where the old church, Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc, was demolished because of its narrowness, along the Boulevard of the Republic. It's a very small church but still the main church of the city of djibouti.
It was dedicated on January 12, 1964 by Cardinal Eugène Tisserant, dean of the college of cardinals.
It is under the patronage of Our Lady of Good Shepherd and therein lies the Bishop of Djibouti.
The monolithic architecture of the cathedral belongs to the modern movement. It was designed by Joseph Müller, architect of Colmar (France), and an embodiment of Mr. Calcagnile Bad Gastein (Austria).
See also
Roman Catholicism in Djibouti
Church of the Good Shepherd, Beverly Hills
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Djibouti
Buildings and structures in Djibouti (city)
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1964
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings
Obrimona is a monotypic genus of Asian dwarf spiders containing the single species, Obrimona tennenti. It was first described by Embrik Strand in 1934, and has only been found in Sri Lanka.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)
References
Invertebrates of Sri Lanka
Linyphiidae
Monotypic Araneomorphae genera
Spiders of Asia
Taxa named by Embrik Strand
Upton Hill Regional Park is a regional park located in Arlington, Northern Virginia. The park contains a waterpark, batting cages and a miniature golf course. The batting cages include nine baseball and softball cages. It is owned and operated by the NOVA Parks agency of Northern Virginia.
Upton's Hill played a locally important role during the Civil War, as the Union Army command used the site as its headquarters. A large masonry fort was constructed opposite the road, at the hill's topmost point. This fort was originally called Fort Upton but was later renamed Fort Ramsay. By the end of the war, the Union Army built a tall wooden observation tower atop Congressman Upton's home, affording it line-of-sight communications with the Washington Monument and other observation and signal stations in the region.
History
For much of the 1960s, this was the headquarters for the American Nazi Party. During that time, some called it “hatemongers hill.” The American Nazi Party was run by George Lincoln Rockwell and Matthias Koehl. Where park facilities are today, Stormtroopers Barracks once stood, complete with the swastika symbol on the building. Armed guards would keep out all but the Nazis and their guests. A year later, in 1967, Rockwell was shot and killed by a rival Nazi in front of a laundromat on Wilson Boulevard. Within months of Rockwell's assassination, the Nazis lost their lease, and the property was put up for sale. The land passed first to a development company, and then to The Northern Virginia Regional Park Authority in 1973. The former barracks were demolished and park facilities were built.
Features
Upton Hill Regional Park features picnic areas, a water park, batting cages, and a miniature golf course.
The miniature golf course includes what was once the world's longest miniature golf hole, at . The course was designed by minigolf designer Jim Bryant. As of 2017, this is no longer the case, as several other miniature golf courses have been constructed since with longer holes, with the current Guinness World Records holder in Cortlandville, New York having a hole 18 with a measured length of .
See also
References
External links
NOVA Parks.org: official Upton Hill Regional Park website
NOVA Parks
Parks in Arlington County, Virginia
Miniature golf
Regional parks in Virginia
1973 establishments in Virginia
Protected areas established in 1973
Commander Alonso Vélez de Mendoza of the Order of Santiago was born in Moguer, Spain in the late 15th century. On June 6, 1499, they obtained a license from the Catholic Monarchs to sail to the Indies, which authorized them to take four caravels, although ultimately they only chartered two. They were supposed to head north to start the exploration of the coast of North America, or perhaps to enter into the competition of the Brazilian exploration.
By October 1500, they successfully passed south of Cape St. Augustine, which was the first time that a Spanish ship succeeded. They continued descending until they reached a river called Cervutos. Later it was realized their discoveries had a double consequence.
On one hand, they demonstrated that the end of St. Augustine was not an island but actually belonged to a continent and that, on having extended on the south, it was entering the Portuguese jurisdiction.
However, having sailed towards the south, and to verify that the coast was going towards the south-west, it was discovered that the grounds were again inside the Spanish demarcation (district) opening a wide horizon of opportunities for exploration.
In May 1501, they finally returned to Seville, Spain with Brazilian slaves, although without finding the southern tip of the continent which they had expected to be at the same latitude as the Cape of Good Hope
On February 15, 1502, Alonso Vélez de Mendoza earned a capitulation which allowed them to settle in Hispaniola with fifty settlers and their families, in order to create a new population. There was a fleet of thirty other ships carrying 2,500 colonists that arrived in Hispaniola the same year. This included the arrival of Nicolás de Ovando y Cáceres, the new Spanish Governor of Hispaniola, along with the conquistador Francisco Pizzaro. It is believed that Alonso died at the end of 1511.
References
ROPERO-REGIDOR, Diego, Los lugares colombinos y su entorno. Fundación Ramón Areces, Madrid, 1992.
ROPERO-REGIDOR, Diego, Moguer y América en la era de los descubrimientos. Col. "Biblioteca Nueva Urium", nº 2. Archivo Histórico Municipal; Fundación Municipal Cultura, Moguer, 2003. .
FERNÁNDEZ VIAL, Ignacio, Los marinos descubridores onubenses. Diputación Provincial de Huelva, Huelva, 2004. .
Order of Santiago
Spanish explorers
Johann Kogler (born 12 May 1968) is an Austrian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder or defender. They made seven appearances for the Austria national team from 1994 to 1995.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
People from Judenburg
Austrian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Austria international footballers
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Grazer AK players
SK Vorwärts Steyr players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
LASK players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
SW Bregenz players
SC Austria Lustenau players
Austrian football managers
Footballers from Styria
Leptolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera
Genera:
Anguilloides
Anomonema Hopper, 1963
Anthonema Cobb, 1906
Antomicron Cobb, 1920
Leptolaimoides Vitiello, 1971
Leptolaimus de Man, 1876
Leptoplectonema Coomans & Raski, 1991
Manunema Gerlach, 1957
Paraphanolaimus Nicoletzky, 1923
Paraplectonema Strand, 1934
Prodomorganus Gagarin, 1993
References
Nematodes
Greater Mauritania () is a term for the Mauritanian irredentist claim that generally includes the Western Sahara and other Sahrawi-populated areas of the western Sahara desert. The term was initially used by Mauritania's first president, Mokhtar Ould Daddah, as they began claiming the territory then known as Spanish Sahara even before Mauritanian independence in 1960.
Its main competing ideologies have been Berberism, Sahrawi nationalism, Moroccan irredentism, Mali federationism, Tuareg nationalism and Pan-Arabism.
History and background
The idea evolved in the 1950's, in tandem and response to the above-mentioned ideas of Greater Morocco. Its main proponents were among the beidane (light-skinned) community. In 1957, future first president of Mauritania, Mokhtar Ould Daddah, stated that:
"I therefore call on our brothers in the Spanish Sahara to dream of this economic and spiritual Greater Mauritania of which we cannot speak at present. I address to them and I ask you to repeat to them a message of friendship, a call for concord between all the Moors of the Atlantic, in Azawad and from the Draa to the borders of Senegal."
The basis for their claim was the close ethnic and cultural ties between the Mauritanians and the Sahrawis of Spanish Sahara, in effect forming two subsets of the same tribal Arab-Berber population. The Greater Mauritania region is largely coterminous with the Hassaniya Arabic language area, and had historically been part of the pre-modern Bilad Chinguetti (), the Land of Chinguetti, a religious center in contemporary Mauritania.
Malian claims
In Mali, then French Sudan, beidane politicians formulated a "Greater Mauritania" which would include the beidane-inhabited northwestern regions of French Sudan along with Mauritania and Western Sahara. The idea was inspired by the 11th-century Almoravid dynasty, which emerged in modern-day Mauritania and later came to encompass most of Morocco's modern-day territories. As a result of the latter, some even believed that Greater Mauritania should include Morocco, thus essentially equaling the Moroccan irredentist land claims. In any event, some of these beidane wished for their region to be joined with Mauritania. This group was represented by the Mauritanian Renaissance Party (Arabic: Nahda al-Wattaniyya al-Mauritaniyya), which was founded in August 1958 in Atar, Mauritania, with local chapters being added later on in various French Sudanese locales. It was founded by a subset of the Association of Mauritanian Youth (French: Association de la Jeunesse Mauritanienne) which held pro-Moroccan tendencies during the Ifni War.
These tendencies were worrying to both French authorities and some French Sudanese authorities. Mali's hegemonic political party, the US-RDA, laid claims to parts of Mauritania, and also agitated for the return of the Cercle of Timbedgha, which was administratively transferred over to Mauritania in 1944. The US-RDA was able to win the support of many beidane elites in Timbedgha for this, angering Ould Daddah. Nonetheless, by 1959, Daddah was able to secure one-party hegemony in Mauritania and these pro-Moroccan and pro-Malian organisations were dissolved. Nonetheless, despite the dissolution of the Mali Federation in 1960, the Malian government continued to support Morocco's claims over Mauritania and engage in border clashes, with the Mauritanian government accusing Horma Ould Babana, by then still exiled in Morocco, of having plotted the assassination of a nomadic administrator in the Cercle of Nema, in 1961. Moreover, the Mauritanians accused Mali of supporting Babana. Nonetheless, Mali and Mauritania eventually signed a mutual border agreement in February 1963.
Moroccan claims
The original "Greater Morocco" included not only Western Sahara, but also the entirety of Mauritania, which Morocco refused to recognise from its independence in 1960. C. R. Pennell writes that, in return,
"The Mauritanian President, Mokhtar Ould Dada, talked about a 'Greater Mauritania', a supposed common culture shared by Arabic-speaking tribes between the Senegal river and the Dràa valley. The idea helped build unity at home, and to hold back Moroccan expansionism."
Nonetheless, Thompson and Adloff write that,
"From the outset of their political career, Daddah voiced an irredentist policy with regard to the Western Sahara, with striking perseverance but also without flamboyance, with less than wholehearted backing by their people, and with smaller means at their disposal than those of Morocco. Realism having always characterised Daddah's appraisal of Mauritania's status, they progressively reduced their territorial demands from those of an area larger than the entire Spanish Sahara to what they called Western Tiris, or Tiris El Gharbia."
The claim to the Spanish Sahara was again popularized by the regime in the early 1970s, as Spain prepared to depart the colony. Mauritania then feared Moroccan expansion towards its border, against the background of this "Greater Morocco" claim. However, the governments of Morocco, Algeria, and Mauritania were able to find ways of working together on the issue, and even though Morocco-Mauritania relations were established earlier in 1969, Morocco's formally relinquished its claims over Mauritania in June 1970 after signing a friendship treaty with Mauritania.
Results and legacy
Mauritanian claims to the territory were thus used to stave off the perceived threat of Moroccan expansionism, and to entice Spain into dividing the territory between Morocco and Mauritania in the Madrid Accords. This, however, did not take into account an Advisory Opinion by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) that had decided in late 1975 that the people of Western Sahara had a right to self-determination, to be exercised freely in the form of a choice between integration with one or both of Mauritania and Morocco, or setting up an independent state. The Mauritanian portion of the territory, corresponding to the southern half of Río de Oro, or one-third of the entire territory, was renamed Tiris al-Gharbiyya.
The takeover was violently opposed by a pre-existing indigenous independence movement, the Polisario Front, which had gained support from Algeria. The ensuing war went badly for Mauritania, and Ould Daddah's government fell in 1978. The country left Tiris al-Gharbiyya the following year, renouncing all claims to any part of Western Sahara, and recognizing the Polisario Front as its people's legitimate representative. Relations with Rabat deteriorated rapidly, and amid allegations of Moroccan backing for attempted coups and minor armed clashes, Mauritania drew closer to Algeria and the Polisario. The government later established formal relations with the Front's government-in-exile, the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, as a recognized sovereign over the territory.
The vision of Greater Mauritania holds little appeal in today's Mauritania, and it is not pursued by any major political faction. While still recognizing the Sahrawi republic, Mauritania has largely mended relations with Morocco and now generally seeks to stay out of the Western Sahara dispute, which remains unresolved.
Regions involved in the Greater Mauritania
Mauritania
Azawad region, Mali
parts of Tillabéri Region, Niger
Western Sahara
See also
History of Western Sahara
Greater Morocco
Irredentism
Notes and references
Further reading
Douglas E. Ashford, Johns Hopkins University, "The Irredentist Appeal in Morocco and Mauritania", The Western Political Quarterly, Vol. 15, No. 5, 1962-12, p. 641-651.
Tony Hodges (1983), Western Sahara: The Roots of a Desert War, Lawrence Hill Books. ()
John Mercer (1976), Spanish Sahara, George Allen & Unwid Ltd. ()
Jacob Mundy. "How the US and Morocco seized Western Sahara." Le Monde Diplomatique. January 2006.
Zekeria Ould Ahmed Salem, "Mauritania: A Saharan Frontier State", Journal of North Africa Studies, Vol. 10, No. 3-4, Sep-Dec. 2005, p. 491-506.
Anthony G. Pazzanita (1996), Historical Dictionary of Mauritania, 2nd ed, Scarecrow Press.
Anthony G. Pazzanita (2006), Historical Dictionary of Western Sahara, 3rd ed, Scarecrow Press.
C. R. Pennell, (2000), Morocco since 1830. A History, New York University Press. ()
Virginia Thompson and Richard Adloff (1980), The Western Saharans. Background to Conflict, Barnes & Noble Books. ()
History of Mauritania
History of Western Sahara
Mauritania
Mauritania–Morocco relations
Mauritanian nationalism
Frederick George Carrington (1816–1864) was an English journalist.
Life
The third son of Nicholas Toms Carrington, they were about 14 at the time of their father's death. Their eldest brother Henry E. Carrington, proprietor of the Bath Chronicle, took them on, and they became a journalist.
Carrington contributed to the West of England journals: the Bath Chronicle, Felix Farley's Bristol Journal, the Royal Cornwall Gazette, the West of England Conservative, the Bristol Mirror, the Gloucester Journal, and the Gloucestershire Chronicle (where they were for several years editor and proprietor). They also contributed to magazines, and wrote treatises on Architecture and Painting for the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge.
In the Encyclopædia Britannica, eighth edition, Carrington supplied topographical descriptions of Gloucestershire and other counties. They died at Gloucester on 1 February 1864, aged 47, and was buried in the cemetery there. They left a wife and six children.
Notes
Attribution
1816 births
1864 deaths
English male journalists
English writers
English newspaper editors
19th-century British journalists
19th-century English male writers
Yenigeçitveren is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 185 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Jefferson Healthcare Hospital is a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital located in Port Townsend, Washington. Established in 1890 by the Sisters of Providence as St. John Hospital, it is presently independently owned and operated by Jefferson County Public Hospital District No. 2, doing business as Jefferson Healthcare.
History
The main hospital was founded in 1890 as St. John Hospital by the Sisters of Providence. In 1975, ownership of the hospital transferred to Jefferson County Public Hospital District No. 2, which had been formed following a special election on August 15, 1961 authorizing establishment of the District. In 1985 the facility was renamed Jefferson General Hospital. In 2004, the name was again updated to Jefferson Healthcare Hospital, to better reflect its status as the nucleus of an integrated healthcare system that had grown to include a number of hospital-based and community clinics.
In May 2013, the hospital revealed plans for a new emergency and specialty services building. The project was estimated to cost between $15 and 20 million, and broke ground to begin renovations in June 2015.
Services
The hospital operates a level IV trauma center, and is the sole hospital in Jefferson County. It is designated as a critical access hospital.
References
External links
Jefferson Healthcare - Medical Center
Hospital buildings completed in 1890
Hospitals established in 1890
Hospitals in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in Port Townsend, Washington
The golden-whiskered barbet (Psilopogon chrysopogon) is an Asian barbet species native to the western Malay Archipelago, where it inhabits foremost forests up to elevation. It has been listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List since 2004 because of its wide distribution.
Description
The golden-whiskered barbet has a green plumage of various hues. On both sides of the black beak it has a yellow moustache that extends to the ear canal. Its throat is blue, and it has small blue and red spots on the head. Its eyes are also surrounded by blue. Its forecrown is pale yellow, with red patches on both sides of the beak. It is long and weighs .
Female and male are similar in appearance but display a small degree of sexual dichromatism in that the beaks of the female appear paler with a dusky bluish color. Before reaching maturity birds of both sexes have duller overall plumage.
Distribution and habitat
The golden-whiskered barbet ranges from the Malay Peninsula to Sumatra and Borneo, where it inhabits tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests and montane forest. It has also been sighted in cacao plantation and second growth forests but is rare in evergreen and swamp forests.
Behaviour and ecology
The golden-whiskered barbet spends most of the day in the forest canopy. It forages mostly on figs and berries. As it has been observed picking on dead wood, it is assumed that it also looks for insects. It sings a series of 'too-tuk' notes, and when breeding also despite high temperatures during day. It breeds from February to August and lays two eggs per clutch.
Taxonomy
Bucco chrysopogon was the scientific name proposed by Coenraad Jacob Temminck in 1824 for a gold-whiskered barbet from Sumatra.
Asian barbets were placed in the genus Megalaima proposed by George Robert Gray in 1842 who suggested using this name instead of Bucco.
Megalaima chrysopsis proposed by Andreas Goffin in 1863 was based on two gold-whiskered barbets collected in Borneo.
Chrotorhea chrysopogon laetus proposed by Herbert C. Robinson and C. Boden Kloss in 1918 was a gold-whiskered barbet collected at Mount Kerinci in Sumatra.
Three golden-whiskered barbet subspecies are recognized as of 2014:
P. c. chrysopogon occurs in Sumatra
P. c. chrysopsis occurs in Borneo
P. c. laetus ranges from southwestern Thailand to Peninsular Malaysia
Other names
In Mandarin Chinese it is known as 金须拟䴕 (jīnxū nǐliè) "golden-whiskered false woodpecker" or 金颊拟啄木鸟 (jīn jiá nǐ-zhuómù-niǎo) or as "gold-cheeked false woodpecker". Its Japanese name is キホオゴシキドリ or 黄頬五色鳥 (kihō goshikidori), "yellow-cheeked five-coloured bird."
References
External links
golden-whiskered barbet
Birds of Malaysia
Birds of Malesia
golden-whiskered barbet
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The seventh season of Bulgarian reality singing competition The Voice of Bulgaria premiered on February 23, 2020, and broadcasts at 20:00 every Sunday on bTV. Kamelia, Grafa Ampov, Ivan Lechev returned for their fourth season as coaches on the show while Mihaela Fileva returned for their second season.
Georgi Shopov from team Lechev was crowned as the Voice of Bulgaria. This is the third win of Ivan Lechev on the show.
Coaches
Kamelia, Grafa, Ivan Lechev, and Mihaela Fileva are the returning coaches from the previous season.
Teams
Color key
Blind Auditions ( Castings in the Dark )
For this season, the "Block Button" returned with a slight change. When the coach gets block by another coach, the chair of blocked coach won't turn. Each coach will receive also only one block for the entire blind auditions.
Color Key
Episode 1 ( February 23, 2020 )
Episode 2 ( March 1, 2020 )
Episode 3 ( March 8, 2020 )
Episode 4 ( March 15, 2020 )
Episode 5 ( March 22, 2020 )
Episode 6 ( March 29, 2020 )
Episode 7 ( April 5, 2020 )
The Battles ( Vocal Fight )
The Battles began on April 12, 2020. Back from past seasons, all coaches are given two "Steals" to save losing contestant in their respective battle from other team.
Notes
Grafa conducted a three-way battle which is the first time in the Bulgarian version of the franchise.
Knockouts
The Knockout Round takes place on May 10, 2020. Every team is composed of six contestants from their team and two contestants whom stolen from other team for the total of eight contestants. Addition to this season, "Spectator Theft" was added. A power given to audience and televiewers to save one losing contestant in the Knockout rounds via online voting.
Color key
Live Concerts
For this season, live concerts is reduced to two episodes from typically three or four shows. Live showdowns was removed in this season thus making only live shows divided to two , which is the Semi-Finals and the Finals. Also, Live concerts are filmed without audiences due to COVID-19 Pandemic.
Color key:
Week 1: Semifinal (June 7, 2020)
Episode 16
Week 2: Finals (June 14, 2020)
Episode 17 : First Round
Second Round : Final Results
Elimination Chart
Overall
Color key
Artist's info
Result details
References
2020 television seasons
2020 in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgarian television series
Bulgarian-language television shows
Ion Popescu (1830 – 1901) was a Romanian teacher and writer. They were born in northern Transylvania and attended school in Baia Mare and Cluj.
Forced to flee from Transylvania because of their involvement in the 1848 Revolution, in 1849 Ion Popescu settled in Bârlad where they first occupied a position of teacher in a primary school, the only school existing at that time in the city. After the founding of the Gheorghe Roşca Codreanu High School in Bârlad, Ion Popescu was appointed professor of Latin, keeping their position till they retired in 1892. Ion Popescu was also one of the founders of the "Normal school for Boys" of Bârlad for the training of elementary teachers.
In 1870 they were one of the founders of the cultural society "Unirea" and on September 27, 1870 established the magazine Semănătorul. They also founded the "Associated Professors' Printing Press" of Bârlad where the magazine and other teaching books were printed.
Ion Popescu died of diabetes on July 11, 1901 in Bârlad.
A bust of Ion Popescu was completed by sculptor Ion Dimitriu-Bârlad and is located in front of the "Normal school" in Bârlad.
References
Romanian newspaper founders
Romanian magazine founders
Romanian educators
1830 births
1901 deaths
People from Bârlad
Kathleen Ann Kavalec is an American diplomat who is the current nominee to be the next US Ambassador to Romania.  They are a former nominee to be the US Ambassador to Albania under President Donald Trump.
Early life and education
Kavalec earned their A.B. in Political Science from the University of California at Berkeley and a Master of Science in Foreign Service from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
Career
Kavalec is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, with the rank of Minister-Counselor. They have served as the Head of Mission at the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina since 2019. Previously, they served as Deputy Assistant Secretary in the State Department's Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs. Kavalec also served as the Director of the Office of Russian Affairs and the Deputy Chief of Mission of the U.S. Mission UNESCO in Paris, France. Kavalec was responsible for overseeing major U.S. foreign assistance programs as Deputy Coordinator for Assistance in the European Bureau, and as Director for Conflict Prevention in the Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization. Kavalec has served in places like Bucharest, Romania; Kyiv, Ukraine; and Moscow, Russia. Domestically, they served as a Legislative Management Officer in the Bureau of Legislative Affairs and has also served as Director of the Economic Unit in the Office of the Coordinator for Assistance for the New Independent States.
Albania Ambassador Nomination
On July 3, 2018, President Trump nominated Kavalec to be the next ambassador to Albania. Them nomination expired at the end of the year and was ultimately returned to Trump.
Romania Ambassador Nomination
On June 3, 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Kavalec to be the ambassador to Romania. Them nomination is currently pending before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Awards and recognitions
Kavalec has won numerous State Department awards, as well as the Presidential Rank Award.
Personal life
Kavalec is a native of California. They speak Romanian, Spanish, Portuguese, French, and Russian.
References
External links
Living people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
United States Foreign Service personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women ambassadors
Ambassadors of the United States to Romania
Adoption, in Christian theology, is the reception of a believer into the family of God. In the Reformed ordo salutis ("order of salvation"), adoption is usually regarded as a step immediately subsequent to justification. As a theological word, adoption has similar connotations to the act of parents who legally take responsibility for a child who was not originally born to them. There are three references in the New Testament to God "adopting" () Christians as their own children (Galatians 4:5, Romans 8:15 and Ephesians 1:5) and one reference to God adopting "people of Israel" (Romans 9:4). Adoption as a theological term introduces a relational dimension to the consequences of salvation.
Adoption as a theological concept is also another consequence of the 'legal' act of justification, alongside redemption and reconciliation. The Old Testament precedent for this term comes from the story of Mephibosheth, who despite not being part of Davidic family was included in the Royal inheritance (2 Samuel 9:7-13). Adoption is an important feature of Reformation theology as demonstrated by article 12 of the Westminster Confession of Faith:
See also
Sonship theology
References
Christian soteriology
Christian terminology
Adoption and religion
Anton Jones (Sinhala: ඇන්ටන් ජෝන්ස්; 3 June 1937 – 21 February 2016) was a Sri Lankan singer and songwriter. Considered as a prominent Baila singer in Sri Lanka, Jones had several hits, including Mini Gawuma and Uyala Pihala. Their songs are composed about special events that took place in this country, thus becoming the only singer who sang from real events.
Personal life
They were born on 3 June 1937 in Colombo to a Burgher family in Hulftsdorp. Their father was a business person.  They are an alumnus of St. Sebastian Maha Vidyalaya, Hulftsdorp. They have one elder sister.
For the duration of their musical career, Jones also worked as an English stenographer for the Bank of Ceylon and private company Julius & Cruise since 1963. They retired in 1997 completing 35 years of service.
Jones was married to longtime partner Iris Jones. Jones first met Iris at the Talawila Church in 1978. Iris had their education from St. Mary's Convent in Chilaw. They got married on August 31, 1960, at St. Lucia Church, Kotahena. The couple has two sons – Tyrone, Roshan; and two daughters – Roshini and Priyanka.
In 2010, while riding a motorcycle, they lost their left arm and fell off the bike twice. The next morning when they were getting ready to go for the medicine they fell in the bathroom. They were rushed to Nawaloka and received treatment for one week. After seven years of clutches, Jones was admitted to the hospital again on 15 February 2016. They could not eat properly, so depended on drink only. They returned home on 18 February. However, they died on 21 February 2016 at the age of 79 while receiving treatment at the Colombo South Teaching Hospital in Kalubowila. Their remains were laid to rest at their residence at Kawdana, Dehiwala Road and later moved to National Art Gallery.
Career
They entered music under the guidance of their friend Wally Bastiansz in the early 1950s. Jones played a member of Bastiansz's band, initially got to join the choir. In 1958 they performed for the first time in front of a live audience for a Radio Ceylon event with the song Kanthoruwa Kanthoruwa.
Jones had released 37 cassettes and eight CDs and often tackled contemporary events in their songs which include Maru Sira, Sepala Ekanayake, Kanthoruwa, Premawathi Manamperi and Podi Vijay. They had sung only a single duet in their career, with Angeline Gunathilake. Many of their songs were composed by Jones himself. They also composed many of the songs.
Their most recent album Sebe Siddhi discussed the effects of the tsunami that hit Sri Lanka. They also joined the cast with the song Komala Papa sung for the film Ohoma Hondada.
In December 2015, a tribute ceremony for Jones was organized by the Hanwella Branch of the Ceylon Middle East Service Organization.
References
External links
ඇන්ටන් ජෝන්ස් lyrics
ඇන්ටන් ජෝන්ස් සිංදුවලට පාදක වුණු ඉතිහාසයේ නොමැකෙන කතා
ඇන්ටන් ජෝන්ස් ගැන සමීපතමයන්ගේ හඬ
20th-century Sri Lankan male singers
1937 births
Burgher musicians
2016 deaths
People from Western Province, Sri Lanka
Pseudabryna quatuordecimmaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1947. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1947
Darbandi (, also Romanized as Darbandī) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 27 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Ouleye Dieye (born 9 January 1986) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for Sirènes Grand Yoff and the Senegal national team.
They played for Senegal at the 2012 African Women's Championship.
References
1986 births
Living people
Senegalese women's footballers
Senegal women's international footballers
Women's association football goalkeepers
Adanak (; , Adanaq) is a rural locality (a selo) in Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,464 as of 2010. There are 11 streets.
Geography
Adanak is located 14 km northwest of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Geli and Paraul are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Oru Pennum Randaanum (Translation: A Woman and Two Men) is a 2008 Malayalam feature film written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan.
The film has four separate chapters, each based on independent short stories written by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai. The film is about four crimes of different nature that happen in different contexts and situations. The setting is the Princely State of Travancore, South India in the 1940s. The Second World War being fought in Europe at that time had terrible impact on the colonial British India with increasing scarcity of basic commodities and rising unemployment. The stories in this film span from crimes committed by the deprived to the comparatively privileged landed gentry.
Plot
The four chapters of the film tell stories, which are independent of each other. The only connection between them is the recurring theme of crime. With the flow of the movie, there is an increase in the complexity of the crimes.
Kallante Makan (The son of the thief)
Kunjunni is the school going son of the thief, Neelantan. They enter into a fight with their classmate, Kurien, over the profession of their father. Neelantan approaches Kurien's father, Mathai, and urges them to leave the children alone from such prejudices. Mathai is offended by this and in retaliation prepares a petition to the police chief demanding preventive custody of Neelantan. Upon Neelantan's arrest, Kunjunni persuades their mother to talk them out of their profession. Two years later, Kunjunni comes home with the news that Kurien's house has been burgled. A heartbroken Kunjunni realizes the truth about the burglary when they see the full meal and new clothes at their home.
Niyamavum Neethiyum (Law and justice)
The new police Inspector is upright and decides to probe the 'unsolved' case of a theft in a merchant's shop. It is rumoured that the Head Constable Pillai had a liaison with the culprit and they shared the loot. Upon the Inspector's order, Pillai and their fellow-constable Mathu set out to solve the case. Though Mathu suggests to re-arrest the culprit, Pillai vacillates. While discussing this issue in a local bar, Mathu spots a moment of opportunity when they notice a rickshaw-puller opening an envelope of currency notes. Before the innocent victim comes to terms with the situation, they are arrested for the burglary.  They are threatened that if they proceed to defend themselves or appeal, they will lose all their savings. The poor victim has hardly a choice.
Oru Koottukaran (One male friend )
Krishnankutty is a college student nurturing an infatuation for the servant girl at the lodge. The relationship takes a turn when the girl starts showing symptoms of pregnancy. Krishnan Kutty is heartbroken by this new development, as they are under obligation to marry the daughter of their uncle. Pushed to make a choice between suicide and abortion, they seek help from their friend, a lawyer. Together they seek out a quack who performs abortions. But the meeting with the quack stirs new feelings in Krishnan Kutty and they get prepared to face the challenge in their life.
Pankiyamma (Pankiyamma)
Panki is the village beauty. Rama Kurup, a middle aged man, forsakes everything to marry them One night, their suspicion is confirmed when they find them with a paramour. In the scuffle that follows, Kurup stabs their younger adversary. They go into hiding as a case is registered against them for attempted murder. As time passes after an intense police investigation, a humiliated Kurup returns home on bail. As the case proceeds in the court of law, supporters of the two sides clash on the streets. Panki, remains non-committal even after being urged by both men to take their side. Both the men are sentenced to three years rigorous imprisonment for inciting murder and violence among their followers. In prison, the two men end their enmity and decide to confront Panki together, on their release.
CastKallante Makan (The Thief)
M. R. Gopakumar as Neelantan, the thief
Seema G. Nair as Neelantan's wife
Master Amal Jose as Neelantan's son
Indrans as Mathai, the neighbour
KPAC Leela as Maria, Mathai's wife
Master Brolin Thomas as Mathai's son
Mukkottu Gopalakrishnan as Headmaster
Arya Alphonse as School teacher
Gopan as Police Constable
Padmanabha Panicker as Police ConstableNiyamavum Neethiyum (The Police)
Nedumudi Venu as Maathu – Police constable
Jagannathan as Kuttan Pillai – the head constable
Vijayaraghavan as Police Inspector
Krishnakumar as The rikshaw- puller
James Mukalel as Bar-tender
P.Sreekumar as The Magistrate
Prof. Aliyar as Bench-clerk
Priyanka as Witness
Anup as Witness
Padmanabha Panicker as Witness
Ambootty as Inmate
Vakkom Mohan as PleaderOru Koottukaran (Two Men and a Woman)
Sudheesh as Krishnankutty – the student
Jagadeesh as Advocate – their senior friend
P.C. Soman as The Quack
Anup as Boat-man
Nandan as Advocate's relative
Pankiyamma (One Woman, Two Men'')
Praveena as Pankiyamma
Ravi Vallathol as Them husband
Manoj.K.Jayan as Them paramour
Sukumari as The narrator/Pankiyamma's neighbour
Babu Namboothiri as Them husband
G.K.Pillai as Old Prison inmate
Subair as Police Constable
Sasthanthala Sahadeven as Jailer
Krishna Prasad as Father of Pankiyamma's baby
Production
The project to make films on Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai's stories came when Doordarshan in their Timeless Classics series wanted to compile works of writers in different languages who have produced classic literature. This movie was filmed just after the previous film of Adoor- Naalu Pennungal, which was the first film to be part of the project. Both the films have a four-chapter-structure based on independent short stories by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai. Both the films also share the same geographical and temporal setting.
The director made the following statement about the movie in their official website - "The four chapters of the film tell stories independent of each other. What connects them is the recurring theme of crime. Starting from simple, parable like tales about ordinary people, the narrative slowly takes on questions of love, loyalty and morality leading to complex issues of life. It culminates in the story of the contemporary legend of Panki, the irresistible village beauty who lives naturally. Unlike in my earlier films, here I have used dialogue predominantly to comment, endorse or simply report on the course of the plot to lend the story a narrative form akin to that of the epics where reportage plays a major role in making the experience larger- than- life."
Reception
The films were premiered in the International Film Festival of India, Goa, 2008.
The film has also been exhibited so far in
Dubai International Film Festival, 2008.
The 38th edition of the International Film Festival Rotterdam, 2009.
The 23rd edition of the Fribourg International Film Festival, 2009
The official website for the International Film Festival Rotterdam lauded the movie saying that "[e]ach story echoes the burden of time and place, yet is universal." It also adds that "[a]lthough this never-ending search for a better life, human dignity and love is seriously rendered, it still radiates the romantic idea of human endurance, hope, guilt and a sense of justice. That makes this rather calm and lyrical film, which is obviously deeply culturally rooted, universal."
Awards
The film won the Kerala State Film Awards for 2008 for best feature film, director, scenarist, second best female actor (Praveena) and sound recording (T. Krishnanunni and Harikumar).
Notes
External links
A Climate for Crime, Official website of Adoor Gopalakrishnan
2008 films
2008 drama films
Films directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan
2000s Malayalam-language films
Evans Owusu Nyarko is a Ghanaian-born German football midfielder who currently plays for FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03.
In 2013, they joined Borussia Dortmund II.
References
External links
Evans Nyarko at kicker
Living people
1992 births
German sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
German footballers
Ghanaian footballers
Association football midfielders
Hamburger SV II players
Fortuna Düsseldorf II players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Borussia Dortmund II players
Holstein Kiel players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
Regionalliga players
3. Liga players
Holstein Kiel II players
FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03 players
Associazione Calcio Sportiva Dilettantistica Saluzzo (briefly ACSD Saluzzo or AC Saluzzo, commonly Saluzzo) is an Italian association football club located in Saluzzo, Piedmont. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are all-maroon.
External links
Official site
Saluzzo page @ Serie-D.com (archived)
Association football clubs established in 1937
Football clubs in Piedmont and Aosta Valley
Saluzzo
1937 establishments in Italy
Aurora is a serif typeface, designed by Jackson Burke (the successor to Chauncey H. Griffith at Mergenthaler Linotype) in 1960. The font is a darker derivative of the Corona typeface, initially designed for the Canada NewsWire.
The News 706 typeface by Bitstream Inc. is almost identical to Aurora.
References
Macmillan, Neil. An A-Z of Type Designers. Yale University Press.: 2006. ,
External links
Font Designer - Jackson Burke
Transitional serif typefaces
Corporate typefaces
Newspaper and magazine typefaces
Typefaces and fonts introduced in 1960
Typefaces designed by Jackson Burke
Georgina Reilly (born February 12, 1986) is a Canadian film and television actor best known to date for their roles in the films Pontypool and This Movie Is Broken, the television series The L.A. Complex and Murdoch Mysteries, and the CBC Radio drama series Trust Inc.
Early years
Reilly was born in Surrey, England, and moved with their family to Toronto, Canada, when they were sixteen. Growing up, Reilly spent many holidays in Canada visiting relatives. They attended and graduated from Havergal College.
Personal life
Reilly is the granddaughter of Canadian musician Tommy Reilly. Them father, David T. Reilly, is a writer and composer, and their mother works in production. Reilly's older brother is a DJ.
They married their Republic of Doyle costar Mark O'Brien on January 6, 2013, after having met on the set of their show in 2011.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1986 births
Actresses from Surrey
English film actores
English television actores
English radio actores
Canadian film actores
Canadian television actores
Canadian radio actores
People from Guildford
English emigrants to Canada
Havergal College alumni
Living people
Rimini is an Adriatic coast city in Italy.
Rimini may also refer to:
Rimini, Montana, a ghost town in the U.S.
Rimini, South Carolina an unincorporated community in South Carolina, U.S.
Rimini (album), by Fabrizio De André
Rimini (film), 2022 film directed by Ulrich Seidl
A.C. Rimini 1912, an Italian association football club
Gregory of Rimini (c. 1300–1358), a scholastic philosopher
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rimini
"Rimini," a poem by Rudyard Kipling
See also
Angeli–Rimini reaction
La Spezia–Rimini Line
Battle of Rimini (disambiguation)
William Neihsial Lengen (born 26 September 1998) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for I-League club Rajasthan United.
Club career
Rajasthan United
In August 2022, Rajasthan United secured the signature of Neihsial ahead of the Durand Cup campaign.
Career statistics
Club
References
Living people
1998 births
Indian footballers
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Manipur
Indian Super League players
ATK (football club) players
Sudeva Delhi FC players
I-League players
Rajasthan United FC players
George Walter Gordon Wallace (16 January 1900 - 12 October 1964) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Biography
Wallace was born in Queensland, the son of Charles Wallace and their wife Minnie (née Collins). They were educated at the Mareeba and Chillagoe primary schools before joining the First Australian Imperial Force in 1916. They had put their age up by two years in order to enlist and saw action in France and Belgium with the 7th and 21st Machine Gun Companies. On their return to Australia they joined the meat industry, working in both Cairns and Gordonvale as a slaughterman and butcher.
On 7 December 1920 Wallace married Lillian May Clark and together had one son, Walter Gordon Wallace. Lillian died in 1936 and the next year Wallace married Alice May Kiefel (died 1977). They died in October 1964 and was buried in the Martyn Street Cemetery in Cairns.
Public career
Wallace started out in politics as an alderman on the Cairns City Council from 1949 to 1956 and a member of the Cairns Harbour Board from 1952 until 1956. At the 1956 Queensland state election they won the seat of Cairns for the Labor Party, taking over the seat from the retiring member, Thomas Crowley. They represented the electorate until their death in 1964.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1900 births
1964 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Queensland
20th-century Australian politicians
Jorge Pérez (born 1964 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is an American dancer, choreographer, educator, and director.  They are the Executive and Associate Artistic Director for the Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater at Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago, Illinois.
Pérez attended Northeastern Illinois University, as a speech and performing arts major, and took an administrative assistant position with Ensemble Español in 1984. They realized, after seeing Ensemble Español perform on stage for the first time, that Spanish dance was an innate part of their character. In 1985, with a scholarship apprenticeship, their formal Spanish dance training with Dame Libby Komaiko began. A year later, Pérez became a company dancer.
Pérez graduated from Northeastern Illinois University with a B.A. in Speech Communication/Performing Arts and a minor in Dance.
Career
Pérez continued their training in ballet with Anna Czajun and in modern dance with Venetia Stifler and Nana Shineflug. In Spain and the U.S. they studied with Manuel Reyes, Paco Romero, Maria Magdalena, Candela Soto, Edo, Paco Alonso, Roberto Lorca, Carmela Greco and the National Ballet of Spain founding members, Juan Mata and Ana Gonzalez. They were promoted to first dancer, instructor, associate artistic director and eventually executive director.
Over the years Pérez has appeared as a guest artist in various music and dance festivals. On the faculty for the Ensemble Español's Flamenco community workshops, they contribute to choreographies of major works and leads the international artistic/cultural/exchange trips for student dancers.
Pérez serves on the board of Audience Architects and graduated from the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses Program in 2014. In 2017, Pérez served on the welcoming panel for the 2017 cohort 18 class with special guests Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs, and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
Pérez continues to perform with the Ensemble Español Company throughout the season and at the annual American Spanish Dance and Music Festival. They have toured internationally with the company to Australia, Poland, Costa Rica, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Spain, and China.
Honors
Dr. Bernard Brommel endowed two scholarships for Ensemble Español dancers, Brommel-Komaiko-Pérez Endowment Scholarship and Brommel- Pérez Endowment Scholarship for male student/dancers.
Ruth Page Foundation and Northeastern Illinois University, Artistic Ambassador Award
Richard M. Daley (former Chicago Mayor) Appreciation Award (2002)
St. Louis Cultural Flamenco Society, Twentieth Anniversary Award (2004)
Ensemble Español's Ambassador Award (2009)
Named Who's Who in Hispanic Chicago by Negocios Now (2016)
External links
Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater official website
References
Living people
American male dancers
American dancers
Modern dancers
Northeastern Illinois University faculty
Dance companies in Chicago
Performing groups established in 1975
Dance in Illinois
Northeastern Illinois University
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nephopterix ardesiifascia is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1915. It is found in Algeria.
References
Moths described in 1915
Phycitini
Endemic fauna of Algeria
Moths of Africa
Anthony O'Connell (born 12 February 1941) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a forward during the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
Career
Shamrock Rovers
O'Connell first came to prominence as a winger in 1959 with Shamrock Rovers when their balance and ball skills made the league sit up and take notice. They made their first team debut in a Dublin City Cup tie on 9 September 1959. They played against the likes of Valencia CF in Europe during their first spell at Rovers and won the FAI Cup in 1962.
There was interest from England in Tony but they snubbed them to move to America where they were nominated for an "All Star" during their spell at New York. They also played for Toronto City alongside Tony Book and Malcolm Allison in the summer of 1964. They returned to Ireland and Shamrock Rovers in time for the 1964–65 season and won their second FAI Cup winners medal as Rovers beat Limerick on 28 April. They scored the first goal in the final the following year at Dalymount Park as Rovers once again beat Limerick to win the Cup. They made a total of seven appearances in Europe for Rovers. They got sent off at Prater Stadium against Rapid Wien on 16 September 1964.
Dundalk
O'Connell transferred to Dundalk during the summer of 1966 and they picked up yet more silverware as they helped Dundalk win the League of Ireland Shield and League of Ireland title. However Dundalk lost to Rovers in the FAI Cup semi-final in 1967 and 1968. Their form did go unnoticed and they earned their first full international cap for Republic of Ireland against Spain in October 1966.
Bohemians
In March 1969, they took the revolutionary step of buying out their contract with Dundalk to sign for Bohemians. In doing so, they became Bohs first ever professional after the club's members changed their 79-year-old constitution to allow payment to players. They made their debut for the club on 16 March in a 1–1 draw against their former club Dundalk. This decision by the members was vindicated the following season as Bohs won their first major silverware for 34 years with O'Connell scoring the winner in the 1970 FAI Cup Final against Sligo Rovers. Within a year of this success however, Tony hung their boots and retired from playing after 42 league appearances and 10 league goals for Bohs.
Post-playing career
This was not to be the end of Tony's association with Bohs though as they initiated the first ever shirt sponsorship in Irish football when their "Jodi" company appeared on the famous red and black jerseys. They would later sponsor the new stand in Dalymount Park that opened in October 1999 and is still known as the "Jodi Stand". They also kept involved in football as manager of the Irish Schoolboy team and later than manager of Ashtown Villa where in 1991, they knocked Derry City out of the FAI Cup in a famous win at the Brandywell. They also had a spell as Manchester City's Irish scout. In 1993, they were elected as Club President by the Bohemian members. During their tenure in that position, the club finished league runners-up on two occasions.  They are still a member of Bohs to this day and had the honour of Honorary Life President bestowed upon them in 1999. A further honour followed in November 2007 when Tony was inducted into the Bohemian F.C. Hall of Fame. Tony appeared at the Big Bohs Gig at the Olympia Theatre in Dublin alongside RTÉ's Joe Duffy and ex-boxer Bernard Dunne on 19 February 2011.
Honours
Shamrock Rovers
FAI Cup: 1962, 1965, 1966
League of Ireland Shield: 1963–64
Leinster Senior Cup: 1963–64
Dublin City Cup: 1963–64
Dundalk
League of Ireland: 1966–67
Dublin City Cup: 1967–68
League of Ireland Shield: 1966–67
'Bohemians
FAI Cup: 1970
References
1941 births
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Republic of Ireland international footballers
League of Ireland XI players
League of Ireland players
Bohemian F.C. players
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Dundalk F.C. players
Toronto City players
Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League players
Rama Nagappa Shetty (15 August 192817 December 2020) was an Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist. They were the owner of R N Shetty Group of companies, including RNS Infrastructure, RNS Maruti Suzuki (RNS Motors), Murudeshwar Ceramics, Naveen Hotels and Murudeshwar Power. They were the chairperson of a chain of educational institutions under the R N Shetty Trust. They were a recipient of the Karnataka state government's Rajyotsava Award in 2004.
Early life
Shetty was born on 15 August 1928, in the coastal town of Murdeshwar, in the present-day Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka into a family of farmers. Their father was the Muktesar (Hereditary Administrator) of the Murudeshwar Temple dedicated to the Hindu God Shiva. After completing high school education, Shetty started their career as a civil contractor in Sirsi. Recounting their early days, Shetty is noted to have said that this choice was driven by the fact that back in those days there were no colleges in Sirsi for them to continue their studies.
Career
In 1961, Shetty formed the R N Shetty & Company, a civil engineering and construction company. The company took up public infrastructure buildings including bridges on the Honnavar–Bangalore road. In 1966, they shifted base from their native Uttara Kannada district to Hubli, in the northern Karnataka.
In 1967, they formed Naveen Mechanised Construction Company with seven other civil contractors. The company bid for the construction of the Hidkal dam in Belgaum district. However, when the company experienced large financial losses, Shetty bought their partners' shares and took over the company. In the following eight years, the company executed infrastructure projects across hydropower, irrigation, and bridges, that improved the company's financial position. Projects included the Hidkal dam, Supa reservoir, and the Gerusoppa hydel power project, all within the state of Karnataka. They also built tunnels for the Konkan Railway project and canals for the Upper Krishna Project. Their company was awarded the Belgaum Bypass and Dharwad–Belgaum roadworks projects by National Highways Authority of India and roadworks at Maski in Raichur district by Karnataka State Highways Improvement Project.
In 1975, they entered the hospitality sector, through Naveen Hotels Limited. They built a five-star hotel in Bangalore that was leased out to Taj Group and branded as Taj MG Road Hotel in Bangalore. The group went on to build two additional hotels in Karnataka, Hotel Naveen in Hubli and the RNS Yatrinivas resort in Murudeshwar. A five-star hotel was later built in Bangalore and is leased to the Taj group and operated as Taj Yeshwantpur Hotel.
They set up a manufacturing unit to manufacture Mangalore tiles in 1977. Murudeshwar Tiles went on to be one of the largest Mangalore-tile units in the state. In 1981, they set up Naveen Structurals and Engineering focused on skilled fabrication for the construction industry. In 1987, they set up Murudeshwar Ceramics to manufacture glazed ceramic tiles with manufacturing facilities in Hubli and Karaikal in Puducherry.
In 1993, Shetty entered the power sector, setting up Murudeshwar Power Corporation which built a mini hydel power project in 1999, with a commissioned capacity of 11.6 MW at Narayanpur Left Bank Canal in Bijapur district.
Their company RNS Motors established automobile showrooms for Maruti Udyog in Hubli in 1995 and in Bangalore in 1998.
Philanthropy
Shetty undertook philanthropic activities through the R. N. Shetty Trust, including primary and high schools, an engineering college, a nursing school, and a rural polytechnic, across Murudeshwar and Bangalore. The trust also operated hospitals and undertook rural education programs in Karnataka.
Shetty was credited with the modernisation of the temple town of Murudeshwara and transforming it into a tourist attraction. The Murdeshwar Shiva temple and temple complex was renovated by funding from Shetty. The temple held religious significance for the deity, being believed to be one of the five parts of the Atmalinga, which according to Hindu mythology, broke when the demon king Ravana tricked the elephant-god Ganesha into handing it over to them while performing their daily prayers, Sandhyavandanam. The Raja Gopura, with a height of is considered the tallest Gopuram in the world and the statue of Shiva, at , considered the largest in the world, were built using funding from Shetty.
Awards and recognition
Bangalore University awarded an Honorary Doctorate to Shetty in 2009 and in 2004 they received the Visvesvaraya Memorial Award from the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry. They were a recipient of the Karnataka Government's Rajyotsava award in 2004.
Personal life
Shetty was married to Sudha Shetty and had three sons and four daughters. They died on 17 December 2020 in Bangalore of a cardiac arrest. They were aged 92.
References
External links
Businesspeople from Karnataka
2020 deaths
1928 births
People from Uttara Kannada
Hyperkinesis may refer to:
Hyperkinesia, abnormally heightened, sometimes uncontrollable muscle movement
Hyperactivity, abnormally heightened activity
Hyperkinetic disorder, an early childhood-onset disorder characterized by hyperactivity, impulsivity and inattention, similar to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
"The Three Feathers" (Die drei Federn) is a story by the Brothers Grimm, in their Kinder- und Hausmärchen. It is KHM nr. 63. It is classified as Aarne–Thompson–Uther ATU 402, "The Animal Bride". A second variant of the tale also collected by the Brothers Grimm is "The Poor Miller's Boy and the Cat" (Der arme Müllersbursch und das Kätzchen), listed as KHM 106.
Summary
A king has three sons: the eldest and the middle one are brave and strong, but the youngest is gullible and naïve, so they are called Simpleton. One day, the king casts three feathers into the air, and when they land, each of their children should follow to see where it leads. Simpleton discovers the feather has landed in a lake or pond where a toad lives that speaks in rhyme.
The king asks for marvellous gifts - impossibly difficult to find, or make - for their sons to show him: a carpet, made by the finest craftsmanship and a ring of extraordinary splendour as a second gift. Simpleton manages to produce the items in front on their father, to the jealousy of their older brothers, who are against the idea that they should inherit the kingdom.
For a final task, the king asks for the princes to bring a woman or bride that can do acrobatics and pirouettes so fantastical that they can pass through a very small ring. Simpleton presents their case to the talking toad, who orders another frog of their pond to embark into a carriage pulled by mice and to present themselves in court. When the carriage arrives, out comes a beautiful princess, who performs the impossible feat and earns the hand of Simpleton and the kingdom.
Translation
The tale was sometimes translated as Dummling and the Toad in English compilations.
Variants
The tale is widespread in folktale collections, attesting to a prince who finds a love interest in a(n/ sapient) animal of the female sex. As the story progresses, the prince - the youngest of three royal children - begins to fall in love with the magical animal, and, as their father asks for the princes to show their brides, the animal princess suggests they come as they are. When the animal bride arrives at the palace with their fantastical carriage, pulled by other animals or dragons, they transform into a beautiful princess.
The tale type of the Prince-Animal Bride love story was very popular in the salon culture of 17th century France, as attested by the presence of such motifs in the literary works of, for instance, Madame d'Aulnoy.
Europe
Parker Fillmore translated a Czechoslovak variant titled The Betrothal Gifts: The Story of Kubik and the Frog. In this tale, a poor farmer decides to divide their possessions with their three sons, by setting a test: they must find nice wives and bring them a ring and a kerchief. Kubik, the youngest, finds a talking female frog named Kachenka, who helps them in their father's tasks.
In an Estonian tale titled Ilus minija ("Beautiful Daughter-in-Law"), collected by Estonian author Juhan Kunder, a rich farmer has three sons, the youngest considered a fool. One day, they set a task for them: they are to go into the world and return after a year with the finest shirt they can find. The third son goes on their way and finds a cottage in the woods, where a snake lives. The snake says the boy can have food and drink, and must only bathe the snake for a whole year. After a year, the snake gives them the finest shirt, which they bring to their father. Unable to accept their defeat, the elder brothers convince their father to send them again into the world for the finest bread for the house. Once again, the third son goes to the snake's cottage, now in a silver skin, and works for them for another year. They bring their father the bread. Once again, the elder brothers convince them to ask for the most beautiful daughter-in-law. The foolish brother goes back to the snake's hut, which is now of a golden skin, and works for them for another year. Finally, the snake asks the boy to prepare the oven and place them there. After burning in the oven, the boy enters another room and finds a beautiful princess. They explain they were cursed by a sorcerer for having refused their son's courtship.
Asia
In a tale from Myanmar published by scholar Htin Aung with the title The Frog Maiden, a female frog is born to a couple. Years later, the woman dies and their husband remarries another woman with two daughters that mistreat their amphibian stepsister. One day, the youngest prince announces they will partake in a hair-washing ceremony to which all ladies in the kingdom are invited. At the end of the ceremony, they throw a posy of jasmines into the air and lands on the frog maiden's head. They and the prince are then married. Some time later, the king announces they will retire, but first they will see which of their sons shall inherit the kingdom, through a series of tests: finding a golden deer, rice that never goes stale and meat that is ever fresh, and, finally, the most beautiful woman on Earth. The youngest prince succeeds in these tests due to the frog maiden's aid and they bring them to court, where they take off their frog skin and reveals themselves to be the most beautiful princess.
Linguist George Abraham Grierson collected and translated a variant in the Bhil language. In this tale, a king has seven sons. They go to the top of the palace and shoot arrows at random directions, to find suitable brides for them. The elder six finds and marry human maidens. The youngest's arrow lands near an ascetic's hut, where a she-monkey lives. The seventh prince marries the she-monkey. One day, the queen visits their seven sons and their wives, and meets the she-monkey. The she-monkey takes off the monkey skin and becomes a human princess. They cook their mother-in-law a fine meal. The queen returns to their palace and tells their husband that the she-monkey daughter-in-law cooked better than the other six daughters-in-law, so the king banishes the six sons and builds a palace for the youngest.
Africa
In a tale from the Bubi people from Equatorial Guinea, published in Spanish language with the title El chico que se casó con un sapo, four brothers go their separate ways, each in a cardinal direction, to find brides. Three of them marry and take them to their father's house. The last brother cannot find a bride, until they reach the edge of a lake. A little frog asks the youth to be their bride. The youth takes the frog to their father's house and announces they will marry them On their wedding day, they notice the bride's tardiness, and they appear as a woman. Later, the family head asks their daughters-in-law to bake bread for him. The frog maiden, now human, bakes the most delicious.
In another tale from the Bubi people, El muchacho y la rana, three brothers want to leave home to find wives. Their father throws a pebble for each one, and declares that their sons shall marry whoever the pebble lands near to. The two elder find suitable brides, while the third discovers the pebble landed near a small frog. The little animal reminds them of their father's vow and they take the frog home. Later, the father asks for their future daughters-in-law to perform some tasks for him: to have them weave a dress and to cook food. The frog weaves the best dress and cooks the best food. Finally, the father asks their sons to marry their respectives brides, but the third brother cries that they have to marry the frog. To help him, the frog becomes a beautiful woman.
In a modern Egyptian tale collected by Yacoub Artin Pacha in the Nile Valley with the title Les trois fils du sultan, a sultan orders their three sons to shoot three arrows at three different directions to find wives. The first two find human brides. The third son shoots an arrow that lands near a turtle. They repeat the action and their arrow still falls near the turtle. The third son marries the turtle. Later, the sultan falls ill and asks their sons to prepare a tabla for him. Their three daughters-in-law begin to cook the tabla. The turtle wife asks their sisters-in-law for bat and rat excrement for them tabla. The turtle sends their tabla to the sultan, who eats it and regains their appetite. The sultan invites their sons and their wives for a banquet. The turle asks their sisters-in-law for a goose or a goatas their ride to the palace, but they refuse them The elder sons' wives arrive at the sultan's palace in a goose and a goat, while the third son's comes in a luxurious carriage. At the dinner table, the princess places a plate of riz on their head, and all the food becomes pearls. They also put a plate on their full of mouloukhich and the food becomes emeralds. The other wives try to imitate them and only splash out food over the table. The third princess is made to rest, but wakes up as soon as they smell something burning. They discover that their husband is burning their turtle shell. They cry over it, but they comfort her, and they remais human forever.
See also
Puddocky
The White Cat, a French literary fairy tale by Madame d'Aulnoy
The Frog Princess or The Frog Tsarevna, Russian folktale
The Frog Prince, German fairytale from the Brothers Grimm
Hans My Hedgehog and The Pig King, where the groom is the animal who woos the human princess
King Lindworm, Norwegian fairytale of a Prince as serpent who courts a human princess
References
External links
Online version
Grimms' Fairy Tales
ATU 400-459
Bahattin Köse (born 26 August 1990) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a striker or right winger for Kocaelispor.
Career
Köse began their career with TuS Wischerhöfen and signed in summer 2008 for Rot Weiss Ahlen. They made their professional debut in a DFB-Pokal match on 22 September 2009 against SpVgg Greuther Fürth. On 6 October 2009, Köse signed their first professional contract. In summer 2011, they switched teams and joined Arminia Bielefeld.
In May 2012, Köse signed with R.A.E.C. Mons in the Belgian First Division A, on a two-year contract. They moved to Turkey for Süper Lig side Akhisar Belediyespor on 31 January 2014.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Turkish footballers
Association football forwards
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
Arminia Bielefeld players
R.A.E.C. Mons players
Akhisarspor footballers
Samsunspor footballers
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Belgian First Division A players
Süper Lig players
People from Ahlen
Sportspeople from Münster (region)
Aral (, , ارال اۋدانى) is a district of Kyzylorda Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Aral. Population:
References
Further reading
Bissell, Tom. (2003). Chasing the Sea: Lost Among the Ghosts of Empire in Central Asia. Pantheon Books, New York. .
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kyzylorda Region
Doxocopa cyane, the Mexican emperor or cyan emperor, is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
Subspecies
Subspecies include:
Doxocopa cyane burmeisteri (Godman & Salvin, 1884) (Argentina)
Doxocopa cyane cyane (Latreille, 1813) (Peru, Venezuela, Bolivia)
Doxocopa cyane mexicana Bryk, 1953 (Mexico, Colombia)
Doxocopa cyane vespertina Lamas, 1999 (Peru)
Distribution
This species is present in Peru, Venezuela, Bolivia, Argentina, Mexico and Colombia.
Habitat
These butterflies inhabit cloudforest at elevations between about above sea level.
Description
Doxocopa cyane has a wingspan of about . The color of the wings varies by sex. Males show a brilliant electric-blue iridescence on the upperside of the wings, while the wings of the females lack this iridescence. Females have usually a brown ground color with wide longitudinal bands of orange and white on forewings and hindwings.
Biology
Larvae feed on Celtis spinosa. Males are solitary and territorial. They usually visit wet muddy patches and feed on rotting fruits, dung or carrion. Females mainly inhabit the forest canopy.
References
External links
Butterflies of America
Butterflies and Moths
Frederick D. Godman et al. Lepidoptera-Rhopalocera. Vol. I (1879-1901)
Apaturinae
Butterflies described in 1813
Taxa named by Pierre André Latreille
Butterflies of North America
Nymphalidae of South America
Caleb Chapman's Soundhouse is a musician performance training program based in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was founded by Caleb Chapman in 1998.
Soundhouse has 25 bands with musicians aged 8 – 18, as well as some adult groups, in the genres of jazz, soul, swing, rock, reggae, funk, and fusion. The program teaches a multi-disciplinary skill set (such as business, showmanship, management, and marketing). Members of the groups rotate each year and manage the operations and promotion of the bands. They have recorded and released four albums. The executive leadership team includes Caleb Chapman (Founder and Chairman) and Andrew Surmani (CEO).
Awards
Bands and members of the program have received awards, such as:
85 DownBeat Awards
32 Best of State Medals for arts and education category
3 Best of State Statue (BOSS) Awards from Utah
Every member of the program has received scholarship offers for colleges and universities, averaging a collective $1 million each year (with a total of $2.5 million in 2016).
Alumni
Prominent Soundhouse alumni include:
Andrew Tolman, previously Imagine Dragons and currently Moth & the Flame
Jaydon Bean, Redlight King
Chase Baird, Saxophonist & Recording Artist
Haven Mcgee, Vocalist
Evan Wharton, Anchorage
Caleb Chapman, Saxophonist and Entertainer
Alumni have also gone on to attend universities such as The Juilliard School, Berklee College of Music, the New England Conservatory of Music, University of Southern California, University of Miami, University of North Texas, Eastman School of Music, Georgetown, Snow College, and Brigham Young University.
Groups
Current groups include:
The flagship ensemble Caleb Chapman's Crescent Super Band (Modern Big Band/American Songbook)
Time Check Jazz Orchestra (Big Band Jazz)
Voodoo Orchestra (Jump Swing)
La Onda Caribeña (Latin Jazz & Salsa)
Soul Research Foundation (Motown Soul)
Vicious Beat (Pop & R&B)
The Inevitables (Swing & Alternative)
Hooligans Brass Band (New Orleans Brass Band)
Little Big Band (Big Band Jazz)
New Bop Big Band (Big Band Jazz)
Oo La La (Vocal Jazz)
Siren Sounds (Vocal Jazz)
Kingston Winter (Reggae)
Lo-Fi Riot (Ska)
Jukebox Antihero (Classic Rock)
Bands from the program have performed in Carnegie Hall, Telluride Jazz Celebration, North Sea Jazz Festival, Montreux Jazz Festival, Vienne Jazz Festival, Umbria Jazz Festival, Jazz Education Network Conferences, The Midwest Clinic, The Apollo Theater, and The Utah Jazz basketball games. Outside of the U.S., bands from the program have performed in Cuba, France, Italy, Sweden, Mexico, Canada, the Netherlands, Switzerland, England, and Scotland.
They have performed alongside GRAMMY-winners Joe Lovano, Nicholas Payton, Gordon Goodwin, Dave Weckl, Brian Lynch, Poncho Sanchez, Dave Samuels, Jeff Coffin, Esperanza Spalding, Randy Brecker, Ernie Watts, Christian McBride, Bob Mintzer, Peter Erskine, David Paich, Branford Marsalis, and Kirk Whalum.
Guest artists have included members from: Dave Matthews Band, Toto, Maroon 5, Journey, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Tower of Power, The Rolling Stones, Genesis, and the Saturday Night Live Band.
References
External links
Caleb Chapman Music
Crescent Super Band
Jazz Education Network
GAM Foundation
Music education in the United States
Companies based in Salt Lake City
1998 establishments in Utah
Shuntian Times (), also known as Shuntian Daily, or Shuntian Shibao, was a Chinese-language newspaper under Japanese ownership, published in the Shuntian Prefecture (Beiping) area of China, founded in December 1901 by Japanese entrepreneur Nakajima Masao (中島真雄). It is the first daily newspaper published by foreigners in Beiping.
Shuntian Times was a daily newspaper established by Nakajima Masao in Beiping in December 1901, when the Empress Dowager Cixi fled to Xi'an after the Boxer Rebellion. The newspaper was originally titled Yanjing Times (燕京时报), but was named "Shuntian Times" when Kuga Katsunan came to Beiping. In 1905, Shuntian Times became Japan's official propaganda organ. It was anti-Soviet and anti-Communism, calling the Soviet Union a red-blooded aggressor.
The newspaper had reporters in major cities in China, collecting intelligence on the Chinese political situation everywhere, and vigorously supporting China's pro-Japanese warlords, so it was ridiculed by people as Nitian Times (逆天时报).
On March 26, 1930, Shuntian Times published to No. 9284, and it was suspended due to the resistance of the Chinese people.
There was an American sinologist argued that, in addition to its pro-Japanese leanings, the Shuntian Times was a reliable and progressive journal. Generally speaking, it had a positive impact on Chinese political and cultural affairs.
References
Qing dynasty
Republic of China (1912–1949)
Publications established in 1901
Publications disestablished in 1930
Pick of the Week may refer to:
Pick of the Week (radio), a British BBC radio programme broadcast from 1959
Pick of the Week (TV series), a Canadian television series broadcast 1967–1969
See also
Pick of the Pops, a BBC radio programme broadcast from 1955
Perhaps a Gentleman (Swedish: Kanske en gentleman) is a 1950 Swedish comedy film directed by Ragnar Frisk and starring John Elfström, Stig Järrel and Marianne Löfgren. It is a remake of a 1935 film of the same title, itself inspired by George Bernard Shaw's play Pygmalion. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj.
Synopsis
A director and an actor have a bet that they can turn a lowlife from the streets into a gentleman in just two months.
Cast
John Elfström as Gurra Lind
Stig Järrel as Stig Järrel
Marianne Löfgren as Mrs. Haglund
Gösta Cederlund as Eric Haglund
Emy Hagman as Lisa
Sten Gester as Björn
Harriett Philipson as Vera
Folke Hamrin as Bergstrand
Lillie Wästfeldt as Malin
Georg Skarstedt as Benster
Dagmar Olsson as Sara
Magnus Kesster as Loan Shark
Helga Brofeldt as Ingeborg Hagström
Arne Lindblad as Rydberg
John Norrman as Berra
References
Bibliography
Krawc, Alfred. International Directory of Cinematographers, Set- and Costume Designers in Film: Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden (from the beginnings to 1984). Saur, 1986.
Semenza, Greg M. Colón & Hasenfratz, Bob . The History of British Literature on Film, 1895-2015. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2015.
External links
1950 films
Swedish comedy films
1950 comedy films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ragnar Frisk
Swedish black-and-white films
Swedish films based on plays
Remakes of Swedish films
1950s Swedish films
Yakov Yan Toumarkin Zhuravlev (, ; born 15 February 1992) is a Russian-born Israeli Olympic backstroke swimmer. In 2010, they were the European Junior Swimming Champion in the 100-meter backstroke.
Swimming career
In July 2010, Toumarkin won a gold medal in the 100-meter backstroke (55.20) and a bronze medal in the 200 m backstroke (2:01.14) at the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships.
In August 2010, representing Israel at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, they won the silver medal in the Boys' 100-meter backstroke, finishing a tenth of a second behind the gold medalist at 55.28 seconds. Toumarkin also won a silver medal in the Boys' 200 meter backstroke, at 1:59.39. It was the third-best-time ever for an Israeli, after times of Guy Barnea and Yoav Gat, and an Israeli youth record.
In November 2010, Toumarkin set the Israeli short course (25 m) record in the 200 meter backstroke (1:53.46) at the European Short Course Swimming Championships in Eindhoven, Netherlands.
In July 2011, at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in the 200-meter backstroke in Shanghai, China, they set a new Israeli long course (50 m) swimming record (1:58.21 minutes). Toumarkin said: "I managed to put all of the pressure out of my mind, and just pretended I was competing in a club competition in Israel."
They thereby qualified to represent Israel at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Toumarkin competed for Israel at the 2012 Olympics in the Men's 200 m backstroke and Men's 100 m backstroke.
In August 2015, they set the Israeli national record in the 200m backstroke with a time 1:55.96 minutes while winning the gold medal, and won a gold medal in the 100m backstroke with a time of 53.96 seconds. At the 2015 European Short Course Swimming Championships, they set the 100 IM Israeli national record with a time of 52.75.
Toumarkin competed for Israel at the 2016 Olympics in the Men's 200 m backstroke and Men's 100 m backstroke.
They swam for Israel at the 2017 Maccabiah Games, winning the men's 200 m backstroke in a time of 2:00.17.
See also
List of Israeli records in swimming
Israel at the Youth Olympics
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Israeli people of Russian descent
Israeli people of Soviet descent
Israeli male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Israel
Maccabiah Games medalists in swimming
Maccabiah Games gold medalists for Israel
Competitors at the 2017 Maccabiah Games
Competitors at the 2022 Maccabiah Games
Swimmers at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk
Russian emigrants to Israel
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Rafael Armenteros (1922 – 5 March 2004) was a Spanish particle physicist, who was one of the leading figures in CERN's various bubble chamber experiments. Armenteros got their physics degree from Imperial College London in 1946, and began their scientific career at the University of Manchester. After working on cosmic rays with Blackett and Butler, and later with Leprince-Ringuet at École Polytechnique, they subsequently worked at CERN with Charles Peyrou.
Armenteros is best known for the method they co-devised with J. Podolansky in 1953–1954. This technique is used in the analysis of the dynamics of two-body V decays and the relevant representation of data is known as an Armenteros-Podolansky plot. These plots were among the first few public results from the LHC experiments, since and (anti-)lambda particles studied this way provide good examples for the demonstration of the performance of the tracking systems.
References
1922 births
2004 deaths
Spanish physicists
Particle physicists
People associated with CERN
Mazhakaaru is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by P. N. Menon and produced by S. K. Nair. The film stars Madhu, Kanakadurga, Roja Ramani and KPAC Lalitha. It is based on the novel of the same name by G. Vivekanandan.
Plot
Cast
Madhu as Prabhakaran
Kanakadurga as Malathi
Roja Ramani as Shantha
KPAC Lalitha as Meenakshi
Mahendran
Sankaradi as Swami
Raghavan
Adoor Bhavani as Malathi's Mother
Baby Sheela
Balan K. Nair
Janardanan as Soman
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Kuthiravattam Pappu as Maniyan
M. G. Soman
Madhubala
P. K. Venukkuttan Nair
P. O. Thomas
P. R. Menon
Radhadevi
Xavier
Valsala
Meera
Anitha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1973 films
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by P. N. Menon (director)
Berkley may refer to:
People
Berkley (surname)
Berkley Bedell (1921–2019), American politician
Places
United Kingdom
Berkley, Somerset
United States
Berkley, Colorado
Berkley, Iowa
Berkley, Maryland
Berkley, Massachusetts
Berkley, Michigan
Berkley, Virginia, formerly a town, and now a neighborhood in Norfolk, Virginia
Berkley (Washington, D.C.), a neighborhood also known as Foxhall Crescent
Other uses
Berkley Books, an imprint of Penguin Group (USA) (also known as Berkley Publishing Co.)
Berkley Center for Religion, Peace, and World Affairs at Georgetown University, Washington, D.C., United States
Berkley (fishing), a fishing tackle company, Spirit Lake, Iowa, United States
See also
Berkley Bridge (disambiguation)
Berkeley (disambiguation)
Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
Kampung Jering is a small village located in Chepir, an area at the east state of Kedah, Malaysia. The kampung is famous for their hardworking and friendly occupants for a long time. The village is also famous for the religious teachers of Islam. The residents of the area practise high standard of behaviour and modesty where any flagrant actions and deeds that are done blatantly in public or society would be considered as churlish.
Location
Kampung Jering is located in Chepir, Sik which is one of the district in Kedah, a northern state of Malaysia. It is definitely located at the east of Kedah which somehow near to the Thailand province of Pattani. The neighbourhood villages are Kampung Jelutong, Kampung Padang, Kampung Chepir and Kampung Radek. Kampung Jering can be reached about 15 minutes from the Sik town.
Origin
It is believed that the Kampung's name is originated from the word "Jering" which a type of vegetable found in peninsular Malaysia. From the old folks story, it is believed that the founder of the village had found a very tall plant of Jering in the village. They suddenly came to idea to name the village with the name Kampung Jering which means Jering village in Malay.
Population
The current facts show that Kampung Jering is occupied by 100% Malay race. In the early era of the village foundation, it is said to be occupied by several Siamese families. It is estimated that the village has about 200 to 300 villagers for the time being and still rapidly growing. Recent data shows that large number of young residents are moving out and migrating to the urban areas such as Penang, Sungai Petani and Kuala Lumpur. The majority of the current population consisted of a significant number of the elderlies.
Language
Malay Language is the main language of the villagers. However some can comprehend Arabic especially the religious teachers. English is not widely used in the village even though is a large number of people in the village be able to understand the language. Kampung Jering has a special trait in terms of language, it has a distinguished Malay dialect from the other parts of the state. At large, the accent is almost similar to the kelantanese dialect rather than the Kedahans. It is acceptable, the variations of the dialects found in this village is due to the origin of the people of the village. Most of the villagers are from the Siamese descendant.
Politics
The villagers are very active in politics. More than half of the villagers are registered members of Parti Islam Semalaysia (PAS) which is one of the main party in People's Pact. Several political stalwarts in the village play the main role of the party administration of the vicinity. The Islamic party amazing has unified the villagers for a long time. This can be seen through the establishment of some organizations within the village by the party members. Some of the famous ones are the funeral management and wedding pact. The party members will help with their energy and money with the person who involved in such occasion without hoping any compensation or rewards.
Though, there are several active UMNO members in the village. Nevertheless, choosing to be aside from the Islamic party does not mean the villagers are pushed aside, there are still strong connections and relationship between the villagers amid their different ideological parties.
Economy
The village is famous for its fertile land over centuries. That makes the village is occupied by a large number of farmers. The villagers are now active in agricultural sectors especially in rubber plantations. Besides, the villagers are also keen on planting the fruits and vegetables for their own consumption and business purposes. Progressive development of the village can be observed throughout the countryside area
Villages in Kedah
Gary George Wetzel (born September 29, 1947) is a former United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for their actions in the Vietnam War.
Military career
Wetzel joined the United States Army from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, at age 18 in 1965. By January 8, 1968, they were a private first class serving as a door gunner in the 173rd Assault Helicopter Company. On that day, near Ap Dong An, Republic of Vietnam, their helicopter was shot down and the survivors, including Wetzel, came under heavy enemy fire. Severely wounded by an explosion that nearly severed their left arm, they continued to man their machine gun and help other injured soldiers. Wetzel survived their wounds, although their left arm had to be amputated. They were subsequently promoted to specialist four and awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions.
Personal life
Wetzel lives in their hometown of South Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and works as a heavy equipment operator.
Medal of Honor citation
Wetzel's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
References
Bio
1947 births
Living people
American amputees
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army soldiers
Military personnel from Milwaukee
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
People from South Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Gurbuki (; Dargwa: ГъурбукIи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 5,322 as of 2010. There are 56 streets.
Geography
Gurbuki is located 14 km south of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gubden and Karabudakhkent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Nanosphere lithography (NSL) is an economical technique for generating single-layer hexagonally close packed or similar patterns of nanoscale features. Generally, NSL applies planar ordered arrays of nanometer-sized latex or silica spheres as lithography masks to fabricate nanoparticle arrays. NSL uses self-assembled monolayers of spheres (typically made of polystyrene, often available commercially as an aqueous suspension) as evaporation masks. These spheres can be deposited using multiple methods including Langmuir-Blodgett, Dip Coating, Spin Coating, solvent evaporation, force-assembly, and air-water interface. This method has been used to fabricate arrays of various nanopatterns, including gold nanodots with precisely controlled spacings.
Nanosphere Monolayer Preparation
Monolayers of nanospheres, to be used as lithography masks can be created using multiple methods:
Langmuir-Blodgett is a deposition method in which the nanoparticles are placed in a Langmuir-Blodgett Trough floating on an aqueous solution, forming a monolayer. With the help of barriers and surface pressure sensor, the particles are compressed into the desired packing density automatically. The coating is done in this packing density with the help of a motorized dipper while the barriers maintain the desired particle packing density. The benefits of the Langmuir-Blodgett method include a strict control over the particle packing density and coating thickness (mono or multilayers can be created) as well as the ability to coat large homogeneous areas. Mask preparation with the Langmuir-Blodgett method has been demonstrated for example using SiO2 particles and polystyrene particles.
Dip Coating is a simplified version of the Langmuir-Blodgett. In dip coating, the nanosphere packing density isn't controlled but the dipping is performed directly on a colloidal particle solution. Dip coating is an effective method for applications where a precise control over the particle distribution isn't required.
Spin Coating and solvent evaporation methods are capable of producing large areas of particles, but with limited control over the layer homogeneity or thickness.
Solvent evaporation is accomplished via drop coating, and is arguably the simplest method to produce a monolayer of nanospheres, as the spheres are simply dropped onto the substrate and allowed to dry, self-assembling into a monolayer. Sometimes the substrate is placed at an angle or moved in circular motions to help the suspension of spheres spread and wet the entire surface.
Force-assembled monolayers are formed from a dry nanosphere powder, which can typically be obtained by centrifugation of a nanosphere suspension. The powder is then rubbed between two substrates to force them into a monolayer. The substrates are typically coated in a polymer such as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) to promote adhesion and spreading of the nanospheres.
The air-water interface method relies on the formation of a monolayer of nanospheres on the surface of a water bath, at the air-water interface. In this method, the substrate is held below the surface of the water, and water is then pumped out to gradually lower the surface. Eventually, the water surface is lowered below the level of the substrates, and the monolayer at the air-water interface is deposited onto the substrate surface.
See also
Nanolithography
Nanoparticle deposition
External links
Fabricating highly organized nanoparticle films
References
Lithography (microfabrication)
The flame-fronted barbet (Psilopogon armillaris) is an Asian barbet native to Java and Bali. It has a green plumage, a yellow-orange forehead, a blue nape, and an orange crescent on the chest.
It is about long and weighs .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
External links
https://www.hbw.com/species/flame-fronted-barbet-psilopogon-armillaris
flame-fronted barbet
Birds of Java
Birds of Bali
flame-fronted barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vlad Ivanov (; born Vladimir Ivanov , 4 August 1969) is a Romanian actor of Lipovan origin.  They are represented by Subtitle Talent Agency.
Selected filmography
Barbie- Princess and the Pauper- King Dominik (Romanian voice)
Awards
The Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor (2007)
The Gopo Award for Best Supporting Actor for the role of Mr. Bebe in 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days (2008)
The Gopo Award for Best Supporting Actor for the role of Anghelache in Police, Adjective (2010)
References
External links
Subtitle Talent
Interviu Vlad Ivanov on PORT.ro
Romanian male film actors
People from Botoșani
Romanian people of Russian descent
Living people
1969 births
21st-century Romanian male actors
Mulita also spelled Mulitas is a barrio in the municipality of Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 266.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Mulita barrio was 752.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico
Dudo, or Dudon, was a Picard historian, and dean of Saint-Quentin, where they were born about 965. Sent in 986 by Albert I, Count of Vermandois, on an errand to Richard I, Duke of Normandy, they succeeded in their mission, and, having made a very favorable impression at the Norman court, spent some years in that country. During a second stay in Normandy, Dudo wrote their history of the Normans, a task which Duke Richard had urged them to undertake. Very little else is known about their life, except that they died before 1043.
Historia Normannorum
Written between 996 and 1015, their Historia Normannorum—also known as Libri III de moribus et actis primorum Normanniae ducum and Gesta Normannorum—was dedicated to Adalberon, bishop of Laon. Dudo does not appear to have consulted any existing documents for their history, but to have obtained their information from oral tradition, much of it being supplied by Raoul, count of Ivry, a maternal half-brother of Duke Richard. Consequently, the Historia partakes of the nature of a romance, and on this ground has been regarded as untrustworthy by such competent critics as Ernst Dümmler and Georg Waitz. Other authorities, such as Jules Lair and Johannes Steenstrup, while admitting the existence of a legendary element, regard the book as of considerable value for the history of the Normans.
In the introductory portion of this work, Dudo claims that they were a "frequent visitor of Duke Richard, the son of Marquess William" and that it was Richard who desired that Dudo should write this history of the Normans. This would have been in the time period 994-996 in which later year Richard died.
Although Dudo was acquainted with Virgil (Aeneid) and other Latin writers, their Latin is affected and obscure. The Historia, which is written alternately in prose and in verse of several metres, is divided into four parts, and deals with the history of the Normans from 852 to the death of Duke Richard in 996. It glorifies the Normans, and was largely used by William of Jumièges, Wace, Robert of Torigni, William of Poitiers and Hugh of Fleury in compiling their chronicles.
More recently, Leah Shopkow has argued that Carolingian writing, particularly two saints' lives, the ninth-century Vita S. Germani by Heiric of Auxerre and the early tenth-century Vita S. Lamberti by Stephen of Liège, provided models for Dudo's work.
The work was first published by André Duchesne in their Historiae Normannorum scriptores antiqui, at Paris in 1619. Another edition is in the Patrologia Latina, tome cxli, of J. P. Migne (Paris, 1844), but the best is perhaps the one edited by J. Lair (Caen, 1865).
Dudo claims that Richard I of Normandy was sent by their father William I Longsword to learn the "Dacian" language with Bothon. Dudo stated in the same passage that the inhabitants of Bayeux more often spoke "Dacian" than "Roman" (i.e. Old French).
Notes
Edition and translation
French Translation: Lair, Jules (ed.). De moribus et actis primorum Normanniæ ducum. Mémoires de la Société des Antiquaires de Normandie 23. Caen, 1865. PDF scan available from Google Books.
English Translation: Christiansen, Eric. (tr.). Dudo of St Quentin. History of the Normans. Woodbridge, 1998. .
Further reading
Dümmler, Ernst. Zur Kritik Dudos von St Quentin in the Forschungen zur deutschen Geschichte, Bande vi and ix (Göttingen, 1866)
Fauroux, M. Recueil des actes des dues de Normandie de 911 a 1066. Caen, 1961.
Kortung, G. Uber die Quellen des Roman de Rou (Leipzig, 1867)
Lair, J. Etude critique et historique sur Dudon (Caen, 1865)
Molinier, A. Les Sources de l'histoire de France, tome ii (Paris, 1902)
Shopkow, Leah. "The Carolingian World of Dudo of Saint-Quentin." Journal of Medieval History 15 (1989): 19-37.
Steenstrup, J.C.H.R. Normannerne, Band i (Copenhagen 1876)
Searle, E. "Fact and pattern in heroic history: Dudo of Saint-Quentin." Viator 15 (1984): 119-37.
Wattenbach, W. Deutschlands Geschichtsquellen, Band i (Berlin, 1904)
Waitz, G. Uber die Quellen zur Geschichte der Begrundung der normannischen Herrschaft in Frankreich, in the Gottinger gel. Anzeigen (Göttingen, 1866)
External links
Dudo, Historia Normannorum:
Latin text and English translation, The Orb.
Latin text, Bibliotheca Augustana.
Latin text
Medieval Latin poets
11th-century Normans
960s births
11th-century deaths
11th-century French historians
French male poets
10th-century Normans
French male non-fiction writers
11th-century Latin writers
Gnathophis microps, the smalleye conger, is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya and John Richard Paxton in 2000. It is a marine, deep water-dwelling eel which is known from western Australia, in the eastern Indian Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 200–320 metres.
References
microps
Taxa named by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya
Taxa named by John Richard Paxton
Fish described in 2000
Verdi Inlet () is an ice-filled inlet lying between Pesce Peninsula and Harris Peninsula, on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula, situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The inlet was observed from the air and first roughly mapped by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947–48. Remapped from the RARE air photos by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Giuseppe Verdi (1813–1901), Italian opera composer.
See also
Fauré Inlet
Haydn Inlet
Schubert Inlet
Inlets of Alexander Island
Giuseppe Verdi
Richard F. Hohlt was a member of the American Air Force Reserves in 1970
Life and early career
Hohlt was born and raised in Indianapolis, Indiana, graduating from North Central High School in 1966, and from Millikin University in 1970 with a BS in accounting.
They joined the Air Force Reserves in 1970 and was honorably discharged in 1976. While in the Reserves, they worked as an internal auditor at LS Ayers department stores and was a project leader for the cost accounting and computerization of the Unified City-County government for the city of Indianapolis. In 1993 in Nantucket, Mass., Hohlt married Deborah Lee Messick, also a lobbyist and federal relations consultant. They have one son, Luke Frederick Hohlt.
Political career
In 1974, Hohlt became a full-time aide to the Republican Mayor of Indianapolis, Richard G. Lugar during their 1974 campaign for the U.S. Senate. They became the Administrative Assistant to Mayor Lugar in 1975 and served as the Deputy Director of the Lugar for Senate Committee in 1976.
When Lugar was elected, Hohlt moved with the Senator to Capitol Hill. They served on Lugar's Washington staff and then joined the United States League of Savings Institutions, a national financial services industry trade association, as Senior Vice President for Government Relations, representing the industry's legislative and regulatory interests for nine years.
Government Advisor
Hohlt served as a key advisor to Republicans in Congress, the Administration, presidential campaigns, inaugurals, and transition teams for Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush. President Ronald Reagan appointed them to the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) (1985–1988), the Peace Corps Advisory Council (1983–1984), and President George H.W. Bush appointed them to the Board of Directors of the Student Loan Marketing Association (Sallie Mae) (1990–1994). They also served as the senior advisor to the co-chairperson of President George W. Bush's Social Security Commission.
They were instrumental in the passage of major legislation in the fields of telecommunications, terrorism insurance, energy and highway bills, appropriations bills, bankruptcy reform, class action, and tax legislation.
See also
revolving door (politics)
References
1947 births
Living people
American accountants
Indiana Republicans
American lobbyists
People from Indianapolis
Millikin University alumni
"It's You That I Need" is a hit song by Detroit R&B vocal group Enchantment, and was their most successful song. Released from their 1977 LP, Once Upon A Dream, it spent a week at number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart in February 1978 and peaked at number thirty-three on the Billboard Hot 100
Chart positions
References
1977 songs
1978 singles
Enchantment (band) songs
Songs written by Michael Stokes (record producer)
United Artists Records singles
Émile Moreau may refer to:
Émile Moreau (playwright) (1852 – 1922), French playwright
Émile Moreau (politician) (1877–1959), Canadian politician
Émile Moreau (banker) (1868–1950), French banker
John A. Gamon is a Canadian-American scientist currently working in Nebraska. Their work using terrestrial vegetation spectral signatures to discern plant productivity and biodiversity has had a significant impact in the discipline of remote sensing, having published 95 papers and receiving 7,613 citations as of 2017. Gamon pioneered the use of the relationship between leaf xanthophyll cycle pigment content and spectral reflectance to improve satellite monitoring of photosynthesis. Gamon's seminal work resulted in the development of the Photochemical Reflectance Index (PRI). They trained under Nobel Prize laureate Christopher Field.
Current research
Gamon studies the "breathing of the planet" - the exchanges of carbon and water vapour between the biosphere and the atmosphere that affect ecosystem productivity and help regulate our atmosphere and climate. Of particular interest are the effects of disturbance (fires, succession, weather events and climate change) on these basic processes. Additional research questions involve the detection of plant physiology, ecosystem function, species composition, and biodiversity using non-contact sampling methods. Much of this work is done with optical monitoring (remote sensing and automated field methods), and entails the development of new monitoring methods and related informatics tools.
To encourage wider usage of these methods, Gamon co-founded SpecNet, (Spectral Network), a network of collaborating sites and investigators using optical sampling methods (particularly spectral reflectance) to study ecological questions. Gamon conducts fieldwork in a range of ecosystems from the Arctic to the Tropics.
Gamon plays Renaissance and folk violin, and is professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and an Emeritus Professor at the University of Alberta.
References
Canadian physiologists
Plant physiologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Alberta faculty
American physiologists
Scientists from Alberta
20th-century Canadian scientists
21st-century Canadian scientists
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American scientists
Mount Archibald is a prominent mountain summit located in the Kluane Ranges of the Saint Elias Mountains in Yukon, Canada. The mountain is situated west of Haines Junction, south of Mount Decoeli, and east-southeast of Mount Cairnes, which is the nearest higher peak. Set on the boundary line of Kluane National Park, Archibald can be seen from the Alaska Highway, weather permitting. The mountain was named after Edgar Archibald (1885-1968), a Canadian agricultural scientist. The mountain's name was officially adopted August 12, 1980, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada. On a clear day, the summit offers views deep into Kluane National Park of giants such as Mt. Logan, Mt. Vancouver, and Mt. Kennedy.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Archibald is located in a subarctic climate zone with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. The annual average temperature in the neighborhood is -6 ° C. The warmest month is July, when the average temperature is 8 °C, and the coldest is December when temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. Precipitation runoff from the peak and meltwater from its surrounding glaciers drains into tributaries of the Alsek River.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Yukon
References
External links
Parks Canada: Kluane National Park
Weather forecast: Mount Archibald
Climbing Mt. Archibald: yukonhiking.ca
Two-thousanders of Yukon
Saint Elias Mountains
Kluane National Park and Reserve
Suffolk Meadows was a quarter horse racing facility on Long Island that operated during 1977 and 1986. The racetrack was situated on a parcel located in Yaphank northwest of the William Floyd Parkway interchange on the Long Island Expressway.
The racetrack first opened in 1977 as Parr Meadows and closed following a 113-day meet after the bank defaulted on loans. Although the track was not built by developer Ron Parr, the Parr Organization assumed ownership after the original builder ran out of funds. In May 1986, horse racing briefly returned to Suffolk Meadows for an 86-day stint. The racetrack ceased operations on October 18, 1986.
On September 7, 1979, 18,000 attendees gathered at Parr Meadows for a ten-hour concert featuring a number of the original performers from the Woodstock Festival. Musical artists attending the tenth year reunion concert included Blondie Chaplin, Canned Heat, Country Joe McDonald, John Sebastian, Leslie West, Jorma Kaukonen, Johnny Winter, Paul Butterfield, Rick Danko and Stephen Stills. Many of the concertgoers arrived the day before, parking along William Floyd Parkway and camping out in the woods.
Suffolk Meadows has also been the site of competitions for the International Professional Rodeo Association and the Suffolk County Fair. The former racetrack site has also been discussed as a potential location of a casino for the Shinnecock Indian Nation. In 1997, developer Wilbur Breslin planned to develop the adjacent property into a regional shopping mall called Brookhaven Town Center.
A Super Walmart is currently under construction on the site; it is expected to open by November 2021.
References
External links
Suffolk Meadows at LI Oddities
Brookhaven, New York
Defunct horse racing venues in New York (state)
1977 establishments in New York (state)
Sports venues in Long Island
1986 disestablishments in New York (state)
Sports venues completed in 1977
Sports venues in Suffolk County, New York
Bafut is a town located in a modern commune in Cameroon, it is also a traditional fondom. It is located in the Mezam Department, which in turn is located in the Northwest Province.
Bafut is famous for having preserved its structure as a traditional kingdom (or "Fondom" ), under the leadership of the Fon of Bafut. Its traditional power structures operate in harmony with its modern local government council, which aims to turn Bafut into an eco-city.
History
The Bafut tradition traces its dynastic origins to the Ndobo or Tikari areas. From the reign of Firloo, the first Fon of Bafut, it has operated as a fondom or kingdom, using traditional power structures.
Upon their arrival from Tikari at least 400 years ago, the Bafut people built the current "old palace" of Mbebeli, also known as Ntoh Firloo. It still contains the tombs of the first three Bafut kings Firloo, Nebasi Suh and Ambebi.
The Fon's palace, and thus the centre of Bafut's traditional power, was later moved to its current location, and by the time of the German colonisation of the Cameroons in the late 19th century, Bafut had roughly assumed its present make-up.
The Bafut Wars and German colonisation
The Bafut Wars resulted from German colonial intrusion into the Bafut fondom.
The German explorer Dr Eugen Zintgraff visited Bafut in 1889. They had earlier stopped in Bali Nyonga where they had received a warm welcome from Galega, the Fon of Bali Nyonga. However the Bafut Fon, Abumbi, received them with circumspection since Bafut was not on good terms with Bali Nyonga. Zintgraff is said to have committed two breaches of etiquette. They seized the drinking cup from the Fon's hand and drank from it and they insisted on calling Abumbi by their princely name 'Gualem'. This open display of disrespect was interpreted in Bafut as a deliberate attempt to belittle the Fon and it was assumed that Galega of Bali Nyonga was behind this.
Relations between Bafut and the Germans subsequently deteriorated to the point of armed conflict. In 1891 Bafut went to the aid of its neighbour and ally Mankon which had been attacked by a German-led Bali Nyonga force en route to Bafut. This force had been sent to avenge the death of two of Zintgraff's messengers sent to Bafut to demand ivory. On 31 January 1891 it attacked Mankon and burnt the town. As the attacking force retired, Mankon warriors, assisted now by their allies from Bafut, counter-attacked and inflicted heavy losses on their enemies. Ten years later the Germans, under Pavel, returned in full force. Bafut suffered a series of punitive raids in 1901, 1904–05 and 1907, at the end of which the Fon was arrested and exiled to Douala for a year.
In the meantime a military station had been established at Bamenda which served as the administrative headquarters of the district until the Germans were expelled during the World War of 1914–1918. The Bamenda garrison fell in October 1915.
British and French colonisation
After a brief period of joint administration Britain and France provisionally partitioned the territory and this, with only minor adjustments, was confirmed by the Milner–Simon agreement of July 1919. Bafut fell into the British sector which was constituted into the Cameroons Province and attached to the Southern Provinces of British Nigeria for administrative purposes. At least one Fon of Bafut, Achirimbi II maintained friendly ties with the British. When the British left Cameroon in 1961, the region had a choice of joining either the newly formed Cameroon or Nigeria. The Fon Achirimbi II is famously said to have remarked that it was a choice between the "Fire and the Deep Sea".
Post-colonial history
On 1 January 1960, French Cameroun gained independence from France, and on 1 October 1961, the formerly British Southern Cameroons (including Bafut) united with French Cameroun to form the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
The Bafut Council was created by a presidential decree on 23 November 1993 to promote local development and improve the living conditions of the region's inhabitants. The local government began operation in 1996, following municipal elections.
Since 2017, Bafut has become of battleground of the Anglophone Crisis, with an Ambazonian separatist militia known as Seven Karta setting up bases in the area. Operation Free Bafut in April 2020 saw heavy fighting in and around the village.
Geography and demographics
Bafut had a population of 80,305 in 2005, but is now estimated to have over 100,000 inhabitants. It is primarily an agrarian region.
Bafut is situated about northwest of Bamenda, in the Mezam Division, and covers an area of roughly 340 km2.
It is located in the Western Grassfields geographic region, which includes Cameroon's Northwest Province and surrounding grassland areas. Bafut is the most powerful of the traditional kingdoms of the Grassfields, now divided into 26 wards along a 10-kilometre stretch of the "Ring Road" that trails along a ridge above the Menchum Valley.
The population is settled in three main zones:
At the centre are the people of Mumala'a (heart of the country) clustered around the Fon's palace who refer to themselves as the real Bafut (Bufu). This name can be applied to the whole chiefdom.
To the south is the Ntare (ridge area) .
To the north is the Mbunti (lower) which descends abruptly to the Menchum river valley.
The major languages are the Bafut language and Cameroonian Pidgin English, though Mundum, Mbuhnti and French are also spoken.
The Bafut language is classed within the Mbam-Nkam section of the central branch of the Niger-Congo family along with other nearby languages such as Bali Nyonga, Bamum and Pinyin
Local government
Traditional power structures
Bafut is one of the two regions in Cameroon (the other being Bali, Cameroon), where traditional power structures are still in place. Bafut is a chiefdom or fondom. It was long the centre of the local kingdom of the Tikar people (originally from the Northern regions of Lake Chad), and is presently administered by the Fon of Bafut.
The Fon of Bafut was, and to some extent still is, the paramount Fon of the region, with all other Fons pledging allegiance to him.
The Fon shared power with a council of elders or "Kwifor". Membership was restricted to commoners who had attained the rank of Bukum (sing. Nkum). The strength of Kwifor lay in its role as a council of kingmakers and was thus a check on royal power.
Bafut Council
The Bafut Council was created by a presidential decree on 23 November 1993 to promote local development and improve the living conditions of the region's inhabitants.
The local government began operation in 1996, following municipal elections. The council, situated at Njinteh Bafut, is intended to be a meeting point of modern local democratic governance and traditional customs. It is made up of the Bafut first class Fondom and the Mundum's I and II autonomous second class Fondoms who share powers with the council.
Since its creation, the Bafut council has been concentrating its efforts on the provision of water to the surrounding villages, improving the roads and infrastructure that connect the farmlands to the village markets, planting a council forest and improving local health centres. The national government of Cameroon has worked towards transferring some responsibilities and local resources to the country's councils, making the region's councils a focal point for orientation and management of local development. However, the council personnel have suffered from deficient capacities for the appropriate functioning of council institutions.
The Bafut council has just completed a community-driven sustainable development plan with qualitative and quantitative needs of the villages within the council, that would facilitate the proper orientation and management of the development of the council area. Very aware of the limitations in its resources, the Council has been working to build public–private partnerships to be better able to use its resources for local development of the council area in an environmentally sustainable way. In its sustainable development work, the council has strongly partnered with an indigenous Cameroonian NGO, BetterWorld Cameroon (BWC).
Mayor
Mayor Ngwasoh Abel Langsi, originally a trained educationalist and a science teacher, was elected in July 2007 along with 4 deputy mayors and 35 councillors. Their term of office runs up until 2014.
The Mayor has demonstrated an interest in pursuing sustainable development in Bafut, working on empowering local Cameroonian youth through the creation of Green Jobs and developing projects such as the Bafut Ecovillage project and the Green Heart of Bafut conceived with Ecovillage Designer Joshua Konkankoh. The latter programme (through its extensive reforestation projects, especially on the upper mountain slopes) has intended to combat severe soil erosion and re-establish degraded water catchments, and thus to protect the huge farmlands located in the lower valleys of Bafut. The newly established council industrial nursery employs local youth to reforest the mountaintops, water catchments, and town streets, additionally aiming to fight the spread of malaria and cholera, as well as to serve as a template for similar projects in the neighbouring communes. Together with Better World Cameroon NGO they also established a climate change and agricultural research unit within the council, to educate farmers and local youth on the most productive and sustainable modern farming techniques. Through Ndanifor Permaculture Demonstration Land Trust in Bawum they are working with Better World Cameroon in using permaculture to develop the future of agriculture in Cameroon into a more constructive, modern, creative and rewarding sector by 2035.
They have subsequently joined the World Mayors Council on Climate Change, ICLEI – Local Governments for Sustainability, and been hailed by the Cameroon government as a "national green hero".
The Bafut Ecovillage Project
The Bafut Ecovillage Project was designed by Konkankoh Joshua in Sieben Linden Germany in 2013 as an indigenous frame work for regenerative education. Over the years, it has become a signature programme of the Bafut Council and Bafut Palace. It's Ndanifor Permaculture & Ecotourism Demonstration site in Alegnwi Bawum has become a blueprint in sub Saharan Africa for making informal education the catalyst for economic and community development. https://www.betterworld-cameroon.com It has been designed on the UN SDGs implementation platform and Global Ecovillage Ntwork GEN Africa to host a sustainable technologies park and cross-cultural education hub for local and international volunteers promoting youth engagement to the implementation of the UN Agenda 2030 in Africa. Its bioregional Ecovillage Design Education Courses and International Youth camp have created young social entrepreneurs making great impact in the Biodiversity conservation, climate change adaptation and creation of a green economy in Bafut. The project won the Gaia Trust Excellence as the most inspiring project in Africa training environmental technicians with the knowledge and skills to develop and execute strategies for achieving sustainability, within the framework of the sustainable development goals at scale and enterprise business models.
The Bafut Eco-village 2020 Project is the most pressing sustainable development challenge facing the Bafut community and its strategy of building capacity by linking with Global Ecovillage Network GENAfrica, ICLEI and other international organisations in developing educational and public awareness programmes with respect to the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity The project in its sudden success and expansion internationally dispels the myth about the ineffectiveness of African systems and is contributing to essential approaches to sustainable development intimately connected with equity.
Bafut Ecovillage has subsequently established a new mission statement and Sustainable Development Plan that better encompasses the new ecovillage vision of transitioning African villages to resilience and specifies what the community wishes to achieve through it https:www.spiritofndanifor.com
Bafut in popular culture
Bafut is famous for
Being the venue of the Annual Dance of the Fon (local chieftain) or the Abin e Mfor.
The location of the palace of the Fon of Bafut, the residential dwelling of the Fon and their wives and counsel which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Centre and houses a museum (see Fon of Bafut for a section on the Palace of the Fon)
Better World Cameroon's Ndanifor Permaculture Ecovillage Demonstration Land Trust in Bawum is a major contributor to the operations of the Bafut Ecovillage Vision 2020 working with the aim of reconnecting Bafut Youth to their cultural heritage, and with the goal of striking a balance between economic, social and environmental needs.
Bafut Council-Better World Cameroon joined Action in Ecovillage Vision 2020 is to actively promote culture, indigenous knowledge systems related to soil fertility, providing rehabilitation and long-term care to plants and animals through a climate campaign. Better World Cameroon works closely with the Cameroon government and Global Ecovillage Network Africa to protect natural heritage sites through Permaculture Education and Social support. Since 2000 Better World Cameroon has adopted Bafut and devoted to transitioning it to resilience. Bafut Permaculture Ecovillage as support structure for implementing Bafut Ecovision 2020 and the Sustainable Development Goals in Cameroon envisions Bafut as a centre for international partnerships.
The nearby location of the botanical garden of Savanna Botanic Gardens, which noted naturalist Ngwa Che Francis helped plan, is located near the town.
The presence of the Bafut market, which is a very vibrant one in the area, occurring every eight days, selling fruits, spices, vegetables, meat and animals.
The town of Bafut is probably best remembered as the place where the famous naturalist Gerald Durrell came on two animal-collecting expeditions in 1949 and 1957. Durrell wrote two accounts – The Bafut Beagles and A Zoo in My Luggage – on their travels in Bafut, and created a mini-TV series, To Bafut with Beagles.
See also
Fon (Cameroon)
Traditional administrative system of Bafut
References
Further reading
Michael TabuweÌ Aletum; Political conflicts within the traditional and the modern institutions: A case study of the Bafut-Cameroon; Vander Pub., 1973
R. K. Engard; Myth and political economy in Bafut (Cameroon) – the structural history of an African kingdom; Paideuma, Vol. 34, pp. 49–89; 1988
R. K. Engard; Dance and power in Bafut (Cameroon), Creativity of power: Cosmology and action in African societies, ed. W. Arens and Ivan Karp, Smithsonian Institution Press; 1989
Populated places in Northwest Region (Cameroon)
Communes of Cameroon
Marc J. Assael FIChemE CEng (born 5 August 1954) is a Greek Chemical Engineer and a professor of Thermophysical Properties.
Career
From 1995 to 1997 they were the Head of the Department of Chemical Engineering at Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece, where they currently hold the position of Professor of Thermophysical Properties. In 1998 they were TEPCO Chair Visiting Chair in Keio University, Tokyo, Japan, and during 2007-2011 they were a adjunct professor in Xi'an Jiaotong University, P.R. China.  They are currently the Secretary of the International Association for Transport Properties, the Secretary of the International Organization Committee of the European Thermophysical Properties Conferences, and a Fellow of the International Thermal Conductivity Conferences (FITCc).
 They are Editor-in-Chief of the Springer-Nature International Journal of Thermophysics, Editor of Old City Publishing High Temperatures - High Pressures journal, Guest Editor of Elsevier Education for Chemical Engineers and of the praiseworthy Prize International Review of Chemical Engineering journal.
Education
They received their BSc, MSc and PhD degrees in Chemical Engineering from Imperial College London.
Published work
Assael has authored and co-authored about 200 scientific publications in the field of Thermophysical Properties. Most cited books:
Assael M.J., Trusler J.M.P., and Tsolakis Th.F., "Thermophysical Properties of Fluids. An Introduction to their Prediction", Imperial College Press, London, U.K. (1996).
Assael M.J. and Kakosimos K.E., “Fires, Explosions and Toxic Gas Dispersions: Effects Calculation and Risk Analysis”, CRC Press., Boca Raton, U.S.A. (2010).
Assael M.J. , Wakeham W.A., Goodwin A.R.H., Will S., Stamatoudis M., "Commonly Asked Questions in Thermodynamics", CRC Press., Boca Raton, U.S.A. (2011).
Assael M.J., Goodwin A.R.H., Vesovic V. and Wakeham W.A. Eds., “Experimental Thermodynamics Volume IX: Advances in Transport Properties of Fluids”, RSC Press., London U.K. (2014).
References
External links
20th-century Greek scientists
21st-century Greek scientists
Living people
Chemical engineering academics
Engineers from Thessaloniki
Aristotle University of Thessaloniki faculty
Fellows of the Institution of Chemical Engineers
1954 births
Live in Memphis may refer to:
Live in Memphis (Celine Dion video), 1998
Live in Memphis, a DVD by Elvis Costello and the Imposters, 2005
Live in Memphis, an album by Mr. Dibbs, 2000
See also
Elvis Recorded Live on Stage in Memphis, 1974
Paenarthrobacter histidinolovorans is a bacterium species from the genus Paenarthrobacter which has been isolated from soil. Paenarthrobacter histidinolovorans produces histidinol dehydrogenase.
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter histidinolovorans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 1954
Micrococcaceae
Helen Estabrook is an American TV/film producer and executive known for producing the film Whiplash (2014), which earned them a nomination for Academy Award for Best Picture at the 87th ceremony.  They are Head of Global Film and Television at Condé Nast Entertainment (CNE). Previously, they ran their own company, A Thousand Ships, and had 2-year first-look TV development deals with Hulu from September 2016 to 2018, and HBO from October 2018 to 2020. Estabrook started their work in television with Hulu's Golden Globe-nominated series Casual, developed The Front Runner (2018), Up In The Air, Jeff, Who Lives at Home, Demolition, Young Adult, and Tully. Them last independent series before moving to a studio position was as executive producer of the limited series Mrs. Fletcher for HBO. Them position with CNE was announced March 2021.
Biography
Estabrook grew up in Champaign, Illinois. At the age of 16, they attended Harvard College where they studied sociology, graduating in 2003. As an undergraduate, Estabrook took film courses before entering the field of film production. They worked in New York City as a production assistant and as an agency assistant before moving to Los Angeles.
References
External links
Living people
American women film producers
Harvard College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women television producers
21st-century American women
The Crash X Aniversario, also known as The Crash Decimo Aniversario (Spanish for The Crash 10th Anniversary Show), was a professional wrestling supercard event, scripted and produced by the Mexican lucha libre promotion The Crash Lucha Libre, which took place on November 5, 2021 at Auditorio Fausto Gutierrez in The Crash's home town of Tijuana, Baja California. It was the fifth event under The Crash Aniversario chronology. The event commemorated the creation of The Crash Lucha Libre in November 2011 and is their biggest show of the year.
Production
Background
The Crash Lucha Libre began operating on 2011, focusing mainly on promotion professional wrestling event in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. Their first show was held on November 4, 2011 with a main event of El Hijo del Santo and Latin Lover defeating El Hijo del Solitario and Marco Corleone. The Crash held shows on a limited schedule over the next couple of years; 4 in 2012, 4 in 2013, 2 in 2014, and 5 in 2015.
The group held The Crash V Aniversario show on November 26, 2016, the first time they billed one of their shows as a direct celebration of their anniversary. They continued the tradition in 2017 (The Crash VI Aniversario) and 2018 (The Crash VII Aniversario).
Storylines
The Crash X Aniversario show featured six professional wrestling matches scripted by The Crash with some wrestlers involved in scripted feuds. The wrestlers portray either heels (referred to as rudos in Mexico, those that play the part of the "bad guys") or faces (técnicos in Mexico, the "good guy" characters) as they perform in the ring.
Results
References
2021 in professional wrestling
November 2021 events in Mexico
Professional wrestling in Mexico
The Crash Lucha Libre shows
Sir Thomas Abney (1690 or 1691 – 1750) was an English barrister and later judge. They were baptized at Willesley, Derbyshire (now in Leicestershire) on 30 April 1691 and was the younger son of Sir Edward Abney (who in turn was the elder brother of Sir Thomas Abney, Lord Mayor of London), by their second wife, Judith, daughter and co-heir of Peter Barr, of London.
They matriculated at Wadham College, Oxford, on 2 December 1707, aged 16. They became a King's Counsel in 1733, Attorney-General for the Duchy of Lancaster in 1733, Judge of the Marshalsea Court (at which time they were also knighted) in 1735, Steward and one of the Judges of the Marshalsea Court in 1736, in November 1740 a Baron of the Exchequer, and in February 1743 a Justice of the Common Pleas. Abney fell a victim to the gaol distemper at the 'Black Sessions' at the Old Bailey in May 1750, when, "of the judges in the commission, only the chief justice, (Lee) and the recorder (Adams) escaped. Those who fell a sacrifice to the pestilence were Mr. Justice Abney, who died 19 May; Mr. Baron Clarke, who died on the 17th; Sir Samuel Pennant, lord mayor; and alderman Sir Daniel Lambert; besides several of the counsel and jurymen." They were buried in Derbyshire (now in Leicestershire) with their ancestors. Their wife died at Ashby de la Zouch in 1761, and their son Thomas in 1791.
References
Attribution
1690s births
1750 deaths
18th-century English judges
English barristers
Barons of the Exchequer
Justices of the Common Pleas
Queen's Counsel 1597–1800
Son of Man () is a 1980 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. It is based on the same titled 1979 novel written by Yi Munyol.
Synopsis
A detective searching for the cause of a young man's death uncovers a melodramatic story involving prostitutes and religion.
Cast
Hah Myung-joong
Lee Soon-jae
Joo Sun-tae
Oh Su-mi
Oh Mi-yeon
Kim Yun-mi
Hwang Jung-seun
Do Kum-bong
Park Am
Kim Seok-hun
Awards
Grand Bell Awards (1980), Best Film
Notes
Bibliography
1980 films
1980s Korean-language films
South Korean drama films
Best Picture Grand Bell Award winners
Films directed by Yu Hyun-mok
Steinitz's goby (Gammogobius steinitzi) is a species of goby. It is native to the Mediterranean Sea near Marseilles. It has been recently recorded in the Adriatic Sea in Croatia, Tyrrhenian Sea in Italy, and in the Black Sea in Ukraine. This species can be found in underwater grottoes in inshore waters at depths of . Steinitz's goby can reach a length of SL. Its name honours the marine biologist and herpetologist Heinz Steinitz (1909-1971) of the Hebrew University, Jerusalem.
References
Gobiidae
Taxa named by Hans Bath
Fish described in 1971
Fish of Europe
Fish of the Mediterranean Sea
The Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung, shortened as Tageszeitung, is an Italian daily regional newspaper and one of two German-language daily newspapers published in South Tyrol. Founded in 1996, it holds social liberal views as opposed to the conservative stance of the Dolomiten, the oldest and most influential German newspaper in the autonomous province. Published from Tuesday to Sunday, the paper has an average daily circulation of 12,000 sales.
The Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung evolved in 1996 from the weekly Südtirol Profil (South Tyrol Profile). It has a team of ten editors and a similar number of freelancers. It features articles and opinions ranging from current world affairs to sociopolitical topics. In the later field, its record of uncovering deficiencies and creating scandals has made the paper the object of several lawsuits.
See also
ff - Südtiroler Wochenmagazin
External links
1996 establishments in Italy
German-language newspapers published in Europe
German-language mass media in South Tyrol
Mass media in Bolzano
Newspapers established in 1996
Daily newspapers published in Italy
Springerichthys kulbickii, known commonly as the Kulbicki's triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Springerichthys. It was described by Ronald Fricke and John E. Randall in 1994, honouring the fish ecologist reef-fish ecologist Michel L. Kulbicki of L'Office de la Recherche Scientifique et Technique d'Outre-Mer in Nouméa, who collected type in New Caledonia, in its specific name. Kulbicki's triplefin is found in the southwestern Pacific Ocean from Queensland, Australia across the central Pacific to the Samoa, where it is found on rocky and coral reefs down to in depth.
References
Kulbicki's triplefin
Fish described in 1994
The Beth Olam Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Cypress Hills, Brooklyn, New York City. It is located in the city's Cemetery Belt, bisected by the border between Brooklyn and Queens.
It is a rural cemetery in style, and was started in 1851 by three Manhattan Jewish congregations: Congregation Shearith Israel (Spanish Portuguese) on West 70th Street, B'nai Jeshurun on West 89th Street, and Temple Shaaray Tefila on East 79th Street.
In 1882, Calvert Vaux was commissioned to design a small, red brick Metaher house or place of purification and pre-burial eulogies, near the entrance to the Shearith Israel section. It is the only religious building that Vaux, the co-designer of Central Park, is known to have designed.
The burial ground contains many examples of architecture and funerary art.
Vandalism
In April 2019, a thief stole 14 doors from mausoleums valued at $30,000 and 75 air vents.
Notable burials
Joseph Mayor Asher (1872–1908), English-born American rabbi of B'nai Jeshurun and professor of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America
Nathan Bijur (1862–1930), American lawyer and New York Supreme Court Justice
Abraham Cohn (1832–1897), American Civil War Union Army soldier and recipient of the Medal of Honor
Abraham Lopes Cardozo (1914–2006), Dutch-born hazzan of Congregation Shearith Israel
Benjamin Cardozo (1870–1938), American lawyer and Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Emma Lazarus (1849–1887), American author, poet, and activist, who wrote the poem The New Colossus describing the Statue of Liberty; niece of Jacques Judah Lyons.
Uriah P. Levy (1792–1862), American naval officer, real estate investor, philanthropist, and the first Jewish Commodore of the United States Navy.
Jacques Judah Lyons (1814-1877), Surinamese-born American rabbi of Congregation Shearith Israel; uncle of Emma Lazarus.
Henry Pereira Mendes (1852–1937) British-born American rabbi of Congregation Shearith Israel
Benjamin F. Peixotto (1834–1890), American lawyer and diplomat
Judith Salzedo Peixotto (1823–1881), American teacher and principal
N. Taylor Phillips (1868–1955), American lawyer and politician
David de Sola Pool (1885–1970), British-born American rabbi of Congregation Shearith Israel
Moses J. Stroock (1866–1931), American lawyer
References
1851 establishments in New York (state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1851
National Register of Historic Places in Brooklyn
National Register of Historic Places in Queens, New York
Georgian architecture in New York (state)
Cemeteries in Brooklyn
Cypress Hills, Brooklyn
Woodleigh School is an independent, co-educational, K-12 day school located in the Melbourne suburb of Langwarrin South, Victoria, Australia. It has two junior campuses; "Minimbah" located in Frankston South, and "Penbank" located in Moorooduc. Its senior campus, "Woodleigh" is located in Langwarrin South.
History
Woodleigh School was founded in 1856 as the St. Paul's School, and operated out of a hall on the grounds of St. Paul's Anglican Church in Frankston. It was the first school in Frankston, as well as one of the earliest in the then colony of Victoria, and is the oldest co-educational school in the state of Victoria.
In 1970, the school moved to a 3.5 ha property off Seaview Road in Frankston South (now Minimbah Court) which it named "Minimbah" – the Bunurong aboriginal word for "place of learning". In 1975, it purchased the former 12.5 ha farm "Woodleigh" on Golf Links Road in Langwarrin South. During this time, the Minimbah site became the junior campus and the Woodleigh site became the senior campus of the school.
After acquiring further land at its Woodleigh site, creating a 22 ha campus, the school changed its name to Woodleigh School in 1999.
Sport
Woodleigh is a member of the Southern Independent Schools (SIS).
SIS premierships
Woodleigh has won the following SIS senior premierships.
Boys:
Basketball (2) - 2001, 2013
Cricket (3) - 2004, 2006, 2007
Football (2) - 2008, 2016
Girls:
Basketball - 2017
Football (4) - 2006, 2007, 2008, 2015
Netball (2) - 2004, 2008
References
Private schools in Melbourne
1856 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1856
Methodist Episcopal Church, South (Old Daphne Methodist Church) is a historic church at 1608 Old County Road in Daphne, Alabama. It was built in 1858 in a Greek Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Greek Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1858
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
Monika Mrklas (born 26 May 1942) is a German former cross-country skier and racing cyclist. They competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and in the 1972 Winter Olympics. They won the German National Road Race Championship in 1968.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
World Championships
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
German female cross-country skiers
German female cyclists
Olympic cross-country skiers of West Germany
Cross-country skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Cyclists from Saxony
People from Meissen (district)
20th-century German women
21st-century German women
Hank Steinbrecher (born 1947) is an American former soccer executive, player, and coach.  They are a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Early career
Steinbrecher attended Davis & Elkins College, where they were a member of the school's 1970 NAIA national championship soccer team. They graduated from Davis & Elkins, then earned a master's degree in education from West Virginia University.
They began their coaching career at Warren Wilson College, where they served as head soccer coach and athletic director. They then coached the Appalachian State Mountaineers from 1978 to 1980, leading the team to three consecutive Southern Conference championships. They coached at Boston University from 1980 to 1984. From 1985 to 1990, they were the director of sports marketing for Quaker Oats Company.
U.S. Soccer
On November 5, 1990, Steinbrecher became the Secretary General of the United States Soccer Federation. They took a lead role in marketing the sport and was directly involved in developing U.S. Soccer's sponsorship programs. They also oversaw the staging of the 1994 FIFA World Cup, the 1996 Summer Olympics Soccer Tournament, and the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. They stepped down from their position in February 2000.
Accolades
Steinbrecher was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame as a builder in 2005. In 2012, they received the Werner Fricker Builder Award, which honors those "who have established a lasting legacy in the history and structure of soccer in the United States."
 They are also a member of the New England Soccer Hall of Fame, the Eastern New York Soccer Hall of Fame, and the North Carolina Soccer Hall of Fame.
The Hank Steinbrecher Cup is a USASA competition started in 2013 that crowns the National Amateur Champions.
References
External links
National Soccer Hall of Fame bio
1947 births
Living people
American soccer coaches
Appalachian State Mountaineers men's soccer coaches
Boston University Terriers men's soccer coaches
United States Soccer Federation officials
Davis & Elkins Senators men's soccer players
National Soccer Hall of Fame members
Warren Wilson Owls men's soccer coaches
Association footballers not categorized by position
Association football players not categorized by nationality
The 1960 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State College during the 1960 NCAA College Division football season.
San Diego State competed in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA). The team was led by head coach Paul Governali, in their fifth (and last) year, and played home games at Aztec Bowl. They finished the season with one win, six losses and one tie (1–6–1, 0–5–0 CCAA). The Aztecs were shutout four times and scored only 53 points in their eight games, while giving up 207.
Schedule
Team players in the NFL/AFL
No San Diego State players were selected in the 1961 NFL Draft or 1961 AFL Draft.
Notes
References
San Diego State
San Diego State Aztecs football seasons
San Diego State Aztecs football
The second season of the Australian drama Sea Patrol premiered on the Nine Network on 31 March 2008 and aired on Monday nights at 8:30 PM. The thirteen-episode season ended on 23 June 2008.
The season introduced a new patrol boat, following the decommissioning of the original, boat in the final scenes of season one. The new HMAS Hammersley (hull number 82) was of the , reflecting the real-life changeover in the Australian fleet. The second season also featured the debut of a new main character, Able Seaman Rebecca "Bomber" Brown, as the boat's new cook.
Though advertised by the Nine Network as Sea Patrol II: The Coup, episodes themselves bore no title other than Sea Patrol, and the ISAN number indicated that the episodes were merely episodes 14–26 of Sea Patrol.
Continuing the format from the first season, episodes generally moved a season-long story arc along. As the Nine Network marketing indicated, this arc involved a coup on the Samaru Islands, a fictional island nation close to Australia. In many ways, the story was evocative of Operation ANODE, a peacekeeping mission to the Solomon Islands that has been called "the [operational] pinnacle for the Fremantle class" by the Australian Department of Defence.
Casting
Main cast
Recurring cast
Main plot
The season-long story arc revolved around a political conflict in the fictional Samaru Islands, which was ultimately shown to be located approximately due east of Cairns. Starting somewhere during a political campaign to elect the nation's president, the season ended literally on the day of the election. Throughout the season, the crew of Hammersley encountered an increasing number of clues that someone was using the waters off northeast Queensland to stage a paramilitary coup of the sitting Samaran government. Ultimately, it became clear that someone meant to stop the impending election from proceeding according to the will of voters. Over the course of the season, Australian business person, Ray Walsman – an apparent victim of the anti-government forces in the premiere episode – emerged as the leader of the insurgency. Their aim was to secure lucrative mining rights from the government which would have been formed had the coup succeeded.
In the season opener, the writers allowed one of the characters to directly reference the real-life events that inspired the story line. Following an initial rescue mission to the Samaru Islands in "The Dogs of War", Hammersleys captain tells their department heads that the Australian government has finalised a peacekeeping arrangement with the Samaran government, and that return visits are therefore likely. Charge says, "Great. That'd be the Solomons all over again."
Ongoing subplots
All main characters had at least one subplot which appeared in more than one episode. Among them were: Nav and ET's increasing problems in keeping their romantic relationship a secret, Bomber's anger-management issues, Spider's relationship with Carly Walsman, the negative impact of a naval career on Swain's marriage, the differing ways in which Buffer and Charge dealt with near-death experiences, Kate's relationship with SAS officer Jim Roth, Mike's struggle to choose the best way to advance their career, and ROs continued social isolation from theirs shipmates..
Production
The season was filmed on the Royal Australian Navy's new . 42 days of the filming schedule were spent aboard , with pickup shooting later performed aboard . The remainder of the 86 days of filming were at studios, and on location at the Gold Coast, Queensland.
Reception
Storylines controversies
The series caused controversy among some officers of the Royal Australian Navy when they came to believe that "its raunchy storylines" were "making a mockery of the navy". Controversy was caused when, in some episodes, there were hints of romance between RAN officers and seamen. These were said to make a mockery of the navy's strict non-fraterisation policy.
Some controversy was also caused with the storylines of the second season of Sea Patrol which feature a political coup in the fictional islands of Samaru. While some critics embraced the new storylines of the show, some were worried that "It's a tricky business when TV dramas stray into real-world politics".
Critical response
Reviews of the season were mixed. One reviewer said that the show had learned from its mistakes of "simplicity and stiffness" during its first-year student season to deliver a season whose "most striking aspect" was its "naturalness".
Another reviewer recommended the season to their readers as an overall improvement on the first, especially praising the dramatic possibilities inherent in the bigger Armidale-class bridge and the "more contemporary, plot-driven" story arc. But they still highlighted areas of possible improvement. Making the point that the show's dependence on the Australian Navy sometimes made it difficult for the show to indulge in interesting usage of dramatic license, they said that "McElroy All Media appears to have taken a "steady as they go" approach to change rather than taking hold of the wheel and firmly jumping the shark with a tougher, grittier tone."
Ratings
Ratings for this season successfully reversed the trend of the first season. Whereas the first year had been plagued by a generally downward trend, season two was characterised by gradually improving ratings. Only the Brisbane region exhibited a strong fall-off of viewers in the season's final weeks. Although no episode of the season scored as highly as season one's first week, the final five weeks held steady at 1.5 million viewers nationally. The last two episodes of the season gained well over half a million more viewers over the last two installments of season one.
Episodes
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders" width="100%" style="margin-right: 0;"
|-
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Seriesepisode
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Seasonepisode
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Title
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Directed by
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Written by
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Original air date
! style="background-color: #FFA000;"| Viewers(millions)
|}
DVD release
The second season of Sea Patrol – Sea Patrol II: The Coup – was released on Region 4 DVD on 6 November 2008.
See also
List of Sea Patrol episodes
References
General references
2008 Australian television seasons
Sea Patrol
The Instituto Millenium (Millennium Institute), also known by the acronym Imil (or IMIL), is a Brazilian "advocacy think tank" based in Rio de Janeiro. It was created in 2005 by the economist Patrícia Carlos de Andrade and the Philosophy professor Denis Rosenfield, to disseminate a world view based on economic liberalism (or "modern right"). According to Observatório da Imprensa, it has the support of large corporations and media groups, with the aim of influencing the Brazilian society through the diffusion of ideas of its representatives, experts and columnists.
History
The Instituto Millenium (Imil) was founded in 2005 as "Instituto de Estudos da Realidade Nacional" (Institute for the Study of National Reality). In 2009, Imil became a Civil Society Organization of Public Interest (OSCIP), the equivalent of a U.S. non-profit organization 501(c)(3).
Activities
Imil discloses its world view through "seminars, conferences and meetings around the country, contact with the press and publishing daily analysis on the portal."
Ideological linkage
Officially, Imil declares itself as "unrelated to political parties." and promotes values of "individual freedom, property rights, market economy, representative democracy, rule of law and institutional limits to government action". Imil, however, do not assume itself as "liberal", since according to its founder, Patricia Carlos de Andrade, this word was incorrectly translated in Brazil as "rightist" or "supporter of military dictatorships."
Imil aligns itself with similar institutions, Brazilian or international, among them, are the Instituto Liberal, Instituto Liberdade, Instituto Ling, Instituto de Estudos Empresariais, the Chilean network Latinoamerica Libre and the global Atlas Economic Research Foundation.
Thinkers and writers identified with the political right are also among the founders, experts and regular contributors to Imil. Among them, Rodrigo Constantino.
Funding and structure
By becoming an OSCIP, Imil became eligible to "receive income tax deductible donations from legal persons up to 2%." Among their supporters, partners and sponsors are media companies like Grupo Abril (Veja and Exame magazines) OESP Group (O Estado de S. Paulo) and RBS Group (affiliated to Rede Globo in southern Brazil), the second largest private university in Brazil (Estácio de Sá), the American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham Rio), industrial conglomerates (Gerdau Group and Suzano), service companies (Localiza Rent A Car), insurance companies (Porto Seguro), and financial corporations such as Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The institute also accepts donations from individuals.
Related personalities
Among other notable sponsors and partners, the Imil features the following personalities of the Brazilian business, cultural, and journalistic scenes:
Arminio Fraga (former Governor of the Central Bank of Brazil)
Gustavo Franco (former Governor of the Central Bank of Brazil)
Ives Gandra (jurist and tax lawyer)
João Roberto Marinho (vice president of Globo Organizations)
Jorge Gerdau Johannpeter (chairperson of the Gerdau Group)
Judith Brito (director-superintendent of Folha Group)
Nelson Sirotsky (chairperson of RBS Group)
Pedro Bial (host of the Big Brother Brazil)
Ricardo Diniz (vice president of Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brazil)
The late Roberto Civita, Grupo Abril's chairperson, was also one of the counselors of the Instituto Millenium.
See also
Cato Institute
Economic liberalism
Ludwig von Mises Institute
References
External links
Instituto Millenium - About Us
Conservatism in Brazil
Economic liberalism
Non-profit organisations based in Brazil
Organizations established in 2005
Right-libertarianism
Matarani is a port city in Arequipa Region, Peru. It is a major port on the southern coast of Peru. The port is operated by Tisur.
See also
PeruRail which starts here.
External links
Official Website
Populated places in the Arequipa Region
Port cities in Peru
The Uyghur Tribunal is an independent "people's tribunal" based in the United Kingdom that aims to examine evidence regarding China's human rights abuses against the Uyghur people and to evaluate whether the abuses constitute genocide under the Genocide Convention. The tribunal is chaired by Geoffrey Nice, the lead prosecutor in the trial of Slobodan Milošević, who announced the creation of the tribunal in September 2020. The tribunal aimed to issue its final determination on whether the government of the People's Republic of China has committed genocide against Uyghurs no later than December 2021. The tribunal's final determination will not legally bind any government to take action, but organizers hope that the tribunal's hearings and reports may spur international action and help to hold China to account for its abuse of the Uyghurs.
According to Nice, the tribunal was called when there became "no other way of bringing the leadership of the [Chinese] Communist Party collectively or individually to judgement." China's government has said that the tribunal constitutes "blasphemy against the law", issued sanctions against the tribunal and its organizers, and called the tribunal "sheer fiction".
Background
The Uyghur genocide is the ongoing series of human rights abuses perpetrated by the government of China against the Uyghur people and other ethnic and religious minorities in and around the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (XUAR) of the People's Republic of China. Since 2014, the Chinese government, under the direction of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) during the administration of CCP general secretary Xi Jinping, has pursued policies leading to more than one million Muslims (the majority of them Uyghurs) being held in secretive internment camps without any legal process in what has become the largest-scale and most systematic detention of ethnic and religious minorities since the Holocaust and World War II. Thousands of mosques have been destroyed or damaged, and hundreds of thousands of children have been forcibly separated from their parents and sent to boarding schools.
In particular, critics of the Chinese government's policies have highlighted the concentration of Uyghurs in state-sponsored internment camps, suppression of Uyghur religious practices, political indoctrination, severe ill-treatment, as well as extensive evidence and other testimonials detailing human rights abuses including forced sterilization, contraception, abortion, and infanticides. Critics have described these as constituting the forced assimilation of Xinjiang, as well as an ethnocide or cultural genocide. Some governments, activists, independent NGOs, human rights experts, academics, government officials, and the East Turkistan Government-in-Exile have called it a genocide.
International reactions have been sharply divided, with dozens of United Nations (UN) member states issuing opposing letters to the United Nations Human Rights Council in support and condemnation of China's policies in Xinjiang in 2020. In December 2020, the International Criminal Court declined to take investigative action against China on the basis of not having jurisdiction over China for most of the alleged crimes. The United States, Canada's House of Commons, the Dutch parliament, the United Kingdom's House of Commons, the Seimas of Lithuania, and Senate of the Czech Republic have recognized the treatment of Uyghurs in China as genocide.
Creation of the tribunal
Geoffrey Nice, the prosecutor in the war crimes trial of Slobodan Milošević, launched the Uyghur tribunal in September 2020. The tribunal was set up in response to a June 2020 request from the World Uyghur Congress, which provided the initial evidence to the tribunal. A call for evidence was put out at the time of the tribunal's announcement.
By February 2020 the tribunal's jury had been finalized; the tribunal's jury is composed of human rights experts and lawyers.
Invitation of witnesses
One dozen experts have been invited to the hearings to present evidence, including academics such as anthropologist Darren Byler, Chinese Studies professor Joanne Smith Finley, researcher Nathan Ruser, and researcher Adrian Zenz. Others who will present evidence include World Uyghur Congress President Dolkun Isa, Uyghur scholar Adbuweli Ayup, and witnesses to the Xinjiang internment camps that include former detainees.
Organizers of the Uyghur Tribunal say that China was invited to present evidence, though the Chinese government has not done so.
Hearings
The Uyghur Tribunal began its first series of hearings in June 2021, with a second set of hearings scheduled for September 2021.
Testimonies
During hearings held in June 2021, witness testimonies described observing or experiencing mass torture, rape (including gang rape), forced sterilization, forced abortion, forced administration of medications that stopped women from menstruating, arbitrary arrest and detention, mass surveillance, intimidation by government officials, and forced child separation. Evidence presented also included testimony of sexual harassment of women by Chinese agents, retaliation by the Chinese government against relatives of Uyghurs living abroad, the physical destruction of homes with families that "had more births than allowed", and other abuses.
China denies that it has committed human rights abuses within Xinjiang, including within the Xinjiang internment camps, and disputes the legitimacy of the testimonies.
The Uyghur Tribunal held a virtual third hearing on 27 November 2021.
Judgment
On 9 December 2021, the tribunal concluded that the government of the People's Republic of China had committed genocide against the Uyghurs via birth control and sterilization measures. Additionally, they found evidence of crimes against humanity, torture and sexual abuse.
Reactions
Countries
Australia
Australia offered to provide the Uyghur Tribunal with relevant evidence, according to the Tribunal's counsel.
China
The Chinese government launched an aggressive public relations campaign against the Uyghur Tribunal. The government issued sanctions against the tribunal and its organizers, while its spokespersons have said that the tribunal is "blasphemy against the law" and "sheer fiction" with paid actors. The sanctions were condemned by the British Prime Minister and led the British Foreign Secretary to summon the Chinese ambassador.
According to the tribunal's representatives, China was invited to present evidence, but has not done so.
United Kingdom
UK Asia Minister Nigel Adams declined to formally provide government evidence to the Uyghur Tribunal, but met with the chair of the tribunal in April 2021.
United States
The United States offered to provide the Uyghur Tribunal with relevant evidence, according to the tribunal's counsel.
Non-governmental organizations
Human rights groups
Luke de Pulford, the co-founder of the Coalition for Genocide Response, wrote in ITV News that the tribunal was of "global significance." They wrote that, in the absence of the ability of an international court to analyze the case owing to China's veto power on the United Nations Security Council, that the tribunal would serve "to ensure the Genocide Convention does not become a meaningless document."
Uyghur groups
Dolkun Isa, President of the World Uyghur Congress, told Radio Free Asia after the first day of hearings that "[t]he Uyghur Tribunal hearing has gone extremely well today in spite of China's disinformation campaign and diplomatic threats against tribunal, camp survivors and witnesses."
Links
Uyghur Tribunal website
References
Tribunals
Uyghurs
Genocide
Justice
People's Tribunal
Human rights in China
Scandals in China
21st-century human rights abuses
Xinjiang
This article details the Leeds Rhinos rugby league football club's 2011 season. This is the sixteenth season of the Super League era.
Key Dates
February
13 February
Leeds beat local rivals Bradford Bulls 32–28 at Millennium Stadium with 4 tries in the last 18 minutes. Including a hat trick from Ben Jones Bishop with the hat trick coming from a penalty try in the 78th Minute.
16 February
Leeds "Fantastic Four" Kallum Watkins, Ben Jones Bishop, Ryan Hall and Chris Clarkson all sign 4 Year Contracts with the club.
18 February
Leeds Rhinos beat Hull F.C. 32–18 at the KC Stadium, with a 70-yard finish from Ben Jones Bishop potentially an early contender for try of the season.
24 February
Kevin Sinfield became a Rhino For Life, signing a 4 Year contract. Keeping the Leeds Rhinos captain at the club until the end of 2014.
25 February
Leeds Rhinos lost their first game of the season to high flying Harlequins RL, 2 tries from Quins hooker Andy Ellis won them the game, despite a strong start by Leeds Rhinos.
March
5 March
Warrington Wolves overpowered a Leeds Rhinos team with only 2 first choice props available. Despite a strong start taking an 8-point lead the Wolves scored 28 points on the bounce, despite 3 late tries Leeds Rhinos lost 40–24.
11 March
The Rhinos managed to outclass a Salford side that started strongly taking a 6–0 lead. Leeds rallied and thanks to 2 tires from Carl Ablett, and classy performances from the likes of Kallum Watkins, Brent Webb, Rob Burrow and Kevin Sinfield winning the game 46–12. The only downside losing rising star Ben Jones Bishop with a dislocated shoulder. Brad Singleton also became Leeds Rhinos 50th Academy graduate to play for the club.
League table
2011 results
Results
2011 squad
2011 Transfers In/Out
Gains
Losses
Player statistics
Source:
References
External links
Leeds Rhinos Website
BBC Sport-Rugby League
Leeds Rhinos seasons
Leeds Rhinos
Rugby
Krowodrza is one of 18 districts of Kraków, located in the western part of the city. The name Krowodrza comes from a village of same name that is now a part of the district.
According to the Central Statistical Office data, the district's area is and 31 870 people inhabit Krowodrza.
Subdivisions of Krowodrza
Krowodrza is divided into smaller subdivisions (osiedles). Here's a list of them.
Cichy Kącik
Czarna Wieś
Krowodrza
Łobzów
Miasteczko Studenckie AGH
Nowa Wieś
Population
References
External links
Official website of Krowodrza
Biuletyn Informacji Publicznej
Districts of Kraków
Bryn Hynod railway station was a railway halt on the Bala Lake Railway, in Gwynedd, Wales. Trains stopped here by request.
Adjacent to Bala Lake itself, Bryn Hynod offers shaded woodland nooks that are ideal for picnics and is often used for launching sailboards and small boats. There is off-road parking by the lakeside for those using the area's facilities, and the halt provided an opportunity to use the railway from this location on the B4403.
The halt consisted of a very short platform (quite possibly the smallest in Britain) and a name sign and was situated on the west side of an occupation crossing. Few passengers made use of the halt, and it was removed from the timetable in 2011. Bryn Hynod platform was demolished in February 2012, and the station name removed. There is no remaining part of the station at the site.
Neighbouring stations
External links
Site of Bryn Hynod station on navigable 1946 O.S. map (station not shown)
Disused railway stations in Gwynedd
Heritage railway stations in Gwynedd
Llangywer
The Song Conquest of the Later Shu was a 964–965 war between the Song dynasty and its southwestern neighbor, the Later Shu. Despite natural barriers, the Later Shu defense proved extremely incompetent, and the Later Shu emperor Meng Chang surrendered within 70 days of the Song invasion.
Notes and references
960s conflicts
965
Wars involving the Song dynasty
Wars of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms
Later Shu
Aronow is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abraham Aronow (born 1940), American physician and photographer
Donald Aronow (1927–1987), American boat designer, builder, and racer
See also
Aronow v. United States
Aronov
Jewish surnames
Katrina-Lee Gorry (born 13 August 1992) is an Australian professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Vittsjö GIK in the Damallsvenskan. and for the Australia women's national team. They were the 2014 AFC Women's Player of the Year.
Club career
Gorry played youth football for Mount Gravatt.
Brisbane Roar, 2012–2020
Gorry joined the Brisbane Roar ahead of the 2012–13 W-League Season. In October 2017, Gorry become the first member of the Roar to sign a multi-year contract, as they signed a two-year deal to remain in Brisbane.
FC Kansas City, 2014
In March 2014, it was announced the Gorry was joining FC Kansas City in the NWSL. They made 10 appearances for the team as they won the 2014 NWSL Championship.
Vegalta Sendai, 2017
In 2017, Gorry spent a season with Vegalta Sendai in Japan.
Utah Royals FC, 2018
On 14 February 2018, they joined the Utah Royals FC, marking their return to the NWSL. They made 16 appearances for Utah in 2018. After the season, Utah declined their contract option and they were waived by the club.
Avaldsnes, 2020–present
On 29 January 2020, Gorry signed with Avaldsnes in the Toppserien for the 2020 season. Gorry played their first game for Avaldsnes on 18 July 2020, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 win over Arna-Bjørnar. Them first appearance for the side earned them a spot in the Toppserien team of the week.
Loan to Brisbane Roar
In December 2020, Brisbane Roar announced that Gorry will return to the club for the 2020–21 W-League season on loan from Avaldsnes.
International career
Gorry made their debut for Australia on 11 July 2012 as a substitute against Japan. Gorry won AFC Women's Player of the Year and FFA Women's Player of the Year in 2014.
In May 2015, Gorry was named to the Australia's 23-player roster for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. They appeared in four out of Australia's five matches. The Matildas finished second in their group and advanced to the knockout stage. They defeated Brazil in the Round of 16 but lost to Japan in the quarter-finals.
Gorry attended their first Olympic Games in 2016. They appeared in all four matches for Australia at Rio 2016. Their quarter-final match against Brazil was tied 0–0 after extra time and went to penalties. Gorry was the fourth person to take a PK for Australia, they did not convert their penalty and Brazil went on to win the match 7–6 on penalties.
Gorry was part of the Matildas squad that won the 2017 Tournament of Nations and defeated the United States for the first time ever.
At the 2018 AFC Women's Asian Cup Gorry appeared in four matches. Australia advanced to the Championship Game but lost to Japan 1–0 in the final. Australia qualified for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Career statistics
International goals
Honors
International
AFC Olympic Qualifying Tournament: 2016
Tournament of Nations: 2017
Club
Brisbane Roar
W-League Premiership: 2012–13, 2017–18
FC Kansas City
NWSL Championship: 2014
Individual
AFC Women's Player of the Year: 2014
FFA Female Footballer of the Year: 2014
Lady Reds Supporters Player of the Year: 2010/11
References
External links
Katrina Gorry profile at BrisbaneRoar.com.au
1992 births
Living people
Australian women's soccer players
Australian people of Irish descent
Melbourne Victory FC (A-League Women) players
Adelaide United FC (A-League Women) players
Brisbane Roar FC (A-League Women) players
Soccer players from Brisbane
FC Kansas City players
Mynavi Vegalta Sendai Ladies players
A-League Women players
National Women's Soccer League players
Nadeshiko League players
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
Australia women's international soccer players
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Women's association football midfielders
Australian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Olympic soccer players of Australia
Utah Royals FC players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Australian expatriate women's soccer players
Vittsjö GIK players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Avaldsnes IL players
Damallsvenskan players
Toppserien players
Expatriate women's footballers in Norway
Expatriate women's footballers in Japan
Ottawa Fury (2005–2013) players
Expatriate women's footballers in Sweden
Expatriate women's soccer players in Canada
Balik (, Byzantine Greek: ; fl. c. 1320 and died 1347) was a noble of the Second Bulgarian Empire who increased the autonomy of their province and became despot of the Principality of Karvuna. An account cited that they finally broke away from the empire in the 1340s and, as a result, the dioceses in their region, which was later named Dobrudja, were subsumed under the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Constantinople. This came after Tsar Ivan Alexander divided Bulgaria into three territories that were held by their sons.
During the Byzantine civil war of 1341–1347 they supported the regent Anna of Savoy against pretender John VI Kantakouzenos. Balik died in 1347, either during an outbreak of the Black Death or killed during a retaliation campaign led by Umur Beg, on behalf of John V Palaiologos, that destroyed Dobruja's seaports. In 1359, Balik's brother Dobrotitsa was appointed head of a new province created by the Anna of Savoy as their reward for helping them gain the Byzantine throne. They succeeded Balik after they recaptured Karvuna in 1354.
References
1347 deaths
Medieval Bulgarian nobility
14th-century Bulgarian people
Year of birth unknown
Medieval Dobruja
UFC on ESPN: Hermansson vs. Vettori (also known as UFC on ESPN 19 and UFC Vegas 16) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on December 5, 2020 at the UFC Apex facility in Enterprise, Nevada, part of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Area, United States.
Background
The promotion was targeting a middleweight bout between former UFC Welterweight Championship challenger Darren Till and Jack Hermansson to serve as the event headliner. However, it was revealed on November 6 that Till was forced to withdraw from the planned bout due to an undisclosed injury. They were replaced by Kevin Holland. In turn, Holland was removed from the contest on November 28 after testing positive for COVID-19. Marvin Vettori, who was expected to face former Strikeforce Middleweight Champion Ronaldo Souza a week later at UFC 256, served as their replacement. The UFC also opted to reschedule Holland as Vettori's replacement at UFC 256.
John Allan and Roman Dolidze were originally scheduled to meet at UFC 255 in a light heavyweight bout. They were eventually rescheduled for this event.
A bantamweight bout between Cody Stamann and Merab Dvalishvili was expected to take place at this event. However, it was announced on October 22 that Stamann pulled out due to undisclosed reasons. They were replaced by Raoni Barcelos. The new booking fell through on November 19, as it was revealed that Barcelos was removed from the contest due to a medical suspension related to their latest bout at UFC on ESPN: Santos vs. Teixeira.
A featherweight bout between Gabriel Benítez and Justin Jaynes was initially scheduled for UFC Fight Night: Felder vs. dos Anjos a month earlier, but the pairing was postponed after Benítez tested positive for COVID-19. The matchup was left intact and took place at this event.
Also scheduled for UFC Fight Night: Felder vs. dos Anjos, a bantamweight bout between Louis Smolka and José Alberto Quiñónez was cancelled after Smolka pulled out of their fight as a result of ill-effects from their weight cut on the day of the event. They were then rescheduled for this event.
Maryna Moroz was expected to face Taila Santos in a women's flyweight bout at this event. However, it was announced on November 18 that Moroz had to pull out and Montana De La Rosa would be their replacement. Just hours before the event, the UFC decided to remove the fight after one of De La Rosa's cornermen tested positive for COVID-19. Santos was then rescheduled to face Gillian Robertson two weeks later at UFC Fight Night: Thompson vs. Neal.
A women's bantamweight bout between former UFC Women's Bantamweight Championship challenger Bethe Correia and Wu Yanan was expected to take place at this event. However, due to visa issues, they were rescheduled for UFC Fight Night: Holloway vs. Kattar on January 16, 2021.
At the weigh-ins, former interim UFC Light Heavyweight Championship challenger Ovince Saint Preux weighed in at 207.5 pounds, one and a half pounds over the light heavyweight non-title fight limit. Their bout proceeded at a catchweight and they were fined 20% of their individual purse, which went to their opponent Jamahal Hill.
Along with the cancellation of the De La Rosa/Santos bout, two other fights were also removed from the event – a featherweight bout between Nate Landwehr and Movsar Evloev, as well as a flyweight bout between Cody Durden and Jimmy Flick. The former was due to Evloev testing positive for COVID-19. The latter was due to a non-COVID related medical issue with Durden, before being rescheduled for UFC Fight Night: Thompson vs. Neal.
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters received $50,000 bonuses.
Fight of the Night: Marvin Vettori vs. Jack Hermansson
Performance of the Night: Gabriel Benítez and Jordan Leavitt
See also
List of UFC events
List of current UFC fighters
2020 in UFC
References
UFC on ESPN
2020 in mixed martial arts
December 2020 sports events in the United States
2020 in sports in Nevada
Mixed martial arts in Las Vegas
Sports competitions in Las Vegas
The little grey woodpecker (Dendropicos elachus), also known as the Sahelian woodpecker, is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Cameroon, Chad, Gambia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, and Sudan. This species is described as somewhat rare, but it has a very large range and the population appears to be steady, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Description
The little grey woodpecker is a very small woodpecker, growing to a length of between . The beak is relatively long and broad. The male has a red hind crown and nape while the female lacks these. Otherwise the sexes are similar. The head is brown with a slight white supercilium and a narrow darker brown moustachial stripe. The upper parts of the body are greyish-brown barred with white and so are the wings and tail. The rump and upper tail coverts are red, which is particularly noticeable in flight. The beak is grey, the feet greenish-grey and the eye brown. Juveniles resemble adults but the general effect is duller. The plumage of the little grey woodpecker, especially the facial features, fade very rapidly and this bird can be confused with the brown-backed woodpecker (Dendropicos obsoletus). However, that species has a more distinctly contrasting brown and white head and plain brown plumage, and lacks the red rump.
Ecology
Little is known about the ecology of this species. Its typical habitat is steppe with scattered trees, wadis and dry stream beds. It feeds in trees such as Acacia and Balanites by pecking and hammering to obtain insects. Breeding has been observed between October and May in different parts of its range. A nest has been observed in the branch of an Acacia.
References
little grey woodpecker
Birds of the Sahel
little grey woodpecker
little grey woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The long-tailed thrush (Zoothera dixoni) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found from the central and eastern Himalayas to south-central and south-western China. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
The scientific name, Zoothera dixoni, is named after ornithologist Charles Dixon.
References
long-tailed thrush
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Central China
Birds of Yunnan
long-tailed thrush
long-tailed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Andrea Bartha is a Hungarian set- and costume-designer, visual artist.
Biography
Andrea Bartha was born in Budapest, Hungary. They studied painting and art-history at the University of Costa Rica, San José. By this time they worked for the Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica, first as a scenic artist, later as a designer. Continuing their studies in Budapest at the ELTE University, Faculty of Human Sciences, they graduated in History and Philosophy of Art, then carried on postgraduate studies in the subject of History and Theory of Theater. They published articles related to visuality on theater-stage. Them book about Theater Design at the Turn of the Century was published by the Hungarian Theater Institute (OSZMI) in 1990.
In line with their theoretical work got involved in underground theater, dance-theater, rock-scene and multimedia experiments, cooperating as actor, dancer, designer and artist with various Hungarian and foreign groups. As one of the founders of the Pankrator Balett Action Group, created art-performances and happenings in the turn of the 80s-90s.
They work as a theater-designer since 1991, having credit in more than 100 productions in Hungary and abroad (Czech Republic, Denmark, Philippines, Slovakia, Sweden, UK). Got the Prize for Best Costumes (POSZT) for Leonce and Lena(1991), The Hungarian Theater Critics Award (Színikritikusok Díja) for Das Käthchen von Heilbronn (1993), Tales from the Vienna Woods (1994), The Seagull (1996), The Italian Straw Hat (1997) respectively, the Slovak Critics Dosky Awards for Best Costumes, II. for Best Sets for The Three Sisters, and has got many nominations both in Hungary and other countries. Is critically praised for their many updating innovative designs made for Shakespeare- Chekhov- and musical-performances. Made „non-replica” costumes for several different Miss Saigon productions around the world (Denmark, Sweden, Philippines, Hungary). Frank Wildhorn choose them to design the sets and costumes for the world-opening of their new musical on Carmen which opened in Prague in 2008 also produced by Andrea's Hungarian costume and set company. "Carmen" is scheduled to have an opening in Broadway. In 2009 Bartha made an individual version for "Spring Awakening", opening in Budapest. In 2010 they designed and produced costumes for the world-opening family musical in Vienna "Sommernachtstraum". In 2013, the Asian opening of "Carmen", the musical.
They took part in different group exhibitions, and in 2004 had an individual exhibition as a designer titled De/Signs.
Bartha also keeps creating paintings and artworks and taking part in experimental projects an art-exhibitions.
Notable theatrical works from 1991–2010
Prose
The Cherry Orchard Víg Theater Bp 2007
Romeo and Juliet Új Theater Bp 2006, Szeged National Theater 1999
Four legged horse... Pesti Theater Bp 2005
Mary of Stuart Pesti Theater Bp 2005
120 days of Marquis De Sade( world opening) Puppet Theater 2005
Three Sisters Új Theater 2004, Divadlo Andrea Bagara - Nitra 2003
Comedy of Errors Víg Theater 2004, Prague National Theater 2000
The Virgin of Orleans Hevesi Sándor Theater Zalaegerszeg 2002
Shopping and Fucking Thália Studió 2002
Macbeth Tivoli2001 Víg Theater 1995
Hamlet Divadlo Andrea Bagara - Nitra 2001
A Midsummer Nights Dream Szeged National Theater 2001
The Marriage of Figaro Tivoli Theater 2000
Much Ado About Nothing Prague National Theater 1999, Víg Theater 1999
A Streetcar Named Desire Tivoli Theater 1999
The Tempest Víg Theater 1999
Bandits Budapest Chamber Theater 1998
The Merchant of Venice Tivoli Theater 1998
The Seagull Budapest Chamber Theater 1997
As You Like It Bratislava National Theater 1996
Baal Víg Theater 1995
Tales of the Vienna Woods Pesti Theater 1994
Katchen von Heilbronn Víg Tent 1993
Leonce and Lena Budapest Chamber Theater 1991
Operas and musicals
Aida (canceled) Hudební Divadlo Karlín Prague (2011)A Midsummer Nights Dream (world-opening) Teatro, Wiener Stadthalle 2010
Spring Awakening (non-replica) West Teatrum/Operetta Theater 2009
Carmen (world opening) Hudební Divadlo Karlín Prague 2008
The Gypsy Princess Hudební Divadlo Karlín Prague 2007
Altar Boys (non-replica) Thália Theater/Operetta Theater 2007
The Gospel of Mary Margitsziget Open-Air Theater 2006
Miss Saigon (non-replica) Győr 2004, Manila 2000, Stockholm 1998, Copenhagen 1996
Attila Margitsziget Open-Air Theater 2004
Sweet Charity Operetta Studio 2003
Cabaret Operetta Studio 2002
The Last Five Scenes (world-opening) Hungarian State Opera 2000
Italian Straw Hat Víg Theater 1997
Somewhere in Europe(world-opening) Operetta Theater 1995
My Fair Lady Békéscsaba Jókai Theater 1993
West Side Story Víg Theater 1992
References
External links
Andrea Bartha's homepage
Bartha Andrea on Artportal
Bartha Andrea on Artnet
Bartha Andrea a PORT.hu-n
Carmen
Frank Wildhorn.com
Hudební Divadlo Karlín
Andrea Bartha on Broadwayworld.com
www.playbill.com
www.theatre.sk
www.dab.sk
www.festivaltheatre.cz
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hungarian designers
Theatre people from Budapest
Jonathan Howard (born 7 October 1971) is a footballer who played in The Football League for Chesterfield and Rotherham United and was part of the Chesterfield FC side which enjoyed a famous FA Cup run during the 1996-97 football campaign.
Career
Howard started their career at Rotherham United scoring 5 goals in 36 league games for the Millers. They joined Chesterfield in 1994 and went on to amass over 230 appearances for the club in over nine years. During their time with the Spireites, Howard was involved in the famous FA Cup run in the 1996–97 season which saw Chesterfield reach the semi-finals of the competition. They scored a brace as they knocked out Bristol City in the third round, and went on to win the decisive penalty which teammate Tom Curtis tucked away against Nottingham Forest in the fifth round of the competition. They also found themselves at the centre of controversy when, in the semi-final which saw the Spireites up against Middlesbrough F.C at Old Trafford, they took a shot which hit the underside of the crossbar and appeared to cross the line and yet the goal was never given. Had it been awarded as a goal it would have put Chesterfield 3-1 up against 10 man Middlesbrough (after the earlier dismissal of Vladimír Kinder) with just over 20 minutes remaining. As it was, Middlesbrough equalised to make it 2-2 after 90 minutes, it finished 3-3 after extra time and Chesterfield lost the replay 3–0. Ironically, both the Forest and Middlesbrough games were refereed by David Elleray. They finished their career with Burton Albion.
Howard now works at Scout7, having had a brief spell back in the game with non-league outfits, Maltby Main and Dinnington Town.
References
External links
English footballers
Chesterfield F.C. players
Buxton F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Burton Albion F.C. players
Dinnington Town F.C. players
English Football League players
1971 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Washington Christian Academy (WCA) is a private Christian school, established in 1960, in Silver Spring, Maryland, and located in Olney, Maryland, at a new campus that was completed in 2008.
History
Formation
Washington Christian Academy was formed when local families from Presbyterian and Christian Reformed churches in the area felt the need for a strong, biblically based and diverse school in the Washington metropolitan area. For the time, the school defied cultural values and created a school that specifically named diversity as one of its top qualities. The school was formed as Washington Christian School in 1960 for grades K-4. WCS grew gradually, and in 1982 it leased a larger building from the county on Franwall Avenue in Silver Spring, which allowed it to add a middle school and offer instruction through the eighth grade. WCS expanded again in 1996 when it merged with the nearby Silver Spring Christian Academy (a local high school formed by parents of WCS alumni), forming Washington Christian Academy (Pre K-12).
Transition
During the 2004-2005 school year, Washington Christian Academy was notified that it would need to leave the rented facility the following year as the building was to be torn down to construct a new public school. For the three years from the fall of 2005 through the spring of 2008, Washington Christian Academy rented space for its elementary school in Colesville Baptist Church off of New Hampshire Avenue in Silver Spring, and likewise rented space for the middle and high schools in Global Mission Church on Georgia Avenue in nearby Aspen Hill. During this transition period, Washington Christian Academy was able to purchase land and build a new facility, which opened in the summer of 2008.
New Campus
Washington Christian Academy opened its newly constructed facility in Olney for the fall semester of 2008. The new building provided the school with an increase in available space and opportunity for future expansion. The new WCA property is in size, with about of land currently developed, including the new building, gym, baseball and soccer fields and parking areas.
Athletics
With the opening of its new Olney campus, WCA also gained a number of modern athletic facilities: including a gymnasium with a hardwood basketball court and seating for up to 300, a multi-purpose athletic field employed for soccer and numerous other sports and a baseball field.
WCA offers the following sports: boys soccer, girls soccer, girls volleyball, boys basketball, girls basketball, cheerleading, baseball, softball, coed track team, coed cross-country team and coed golf. WCA has competed in the Maryland Independent Schools Athletic League (MISAL) for many years, but has now accepted provisional membership into the Potomac Valley Athletic Conference (PVAC) for the 2012-2013 school year. Many teams have had success in the MISAL and hope to continue that success in the PVAC.
The WCA Men's Varsity soccer in 2010-11 won the championship game.
After a few years of rebuilding, WCA's soccer program was able to get back on its feet. Within 2015-2017, the Varsity Boys won back-to-back; the PVAC Division along with the PVAC Championship capped off with two Maryland Christian State Tournament (MCST) Championship final appearances which one game was won. In 2017, they won the Championship Final of the MCST versus Holly Grove Christian School. Within the new expanded PVAC Conference of 11 teams, the boys finished fourth behind Washington International School, Sandy Spring Friends School, and Berman Hebrew Academy.
In recent years, WCA teams have won the following:
2018-2019
Varsity Boys Soccer Maryland Christian State Tournament Champions
2017-2018
Varsity Boys Soccer Maryland Christian State Tournament Champions
2016-2017
Varsity Girls Soccer PVAC Division Champions
Varsity Boys Soccer PVAC Division Champions
Varsity Boys Soccer PVAC Tournament Champions
Varsity Boys Soccer Maryland Christian State Tournament Runner-Up
2015-2016
Varsity Boys Soccer Division Champions
2014-2015
Varsity Softball League Runner-Up
2013-2014
Varsity Volleyball Conference Runner-Up
Varsity Boys Soccer Conference Runner-Up
Varsity Softball League Championship
2012-2013
Varsity Girls Soccer Conference Championship
2011-2012
Varsity Softball League Championship
Varsity Volleyball League Championship
Middle School Boys Basketball League Championship
2010-2011
Varsity Boys Soccer League Championship
Middle School Baseball League Championship
2009-2010
Varsity Boys Basketball League Championship
Varsity Girls Basketball MCST D1 Championship
Varsity Girls Basketball League Championship
Varsity Softball League Championship
Middle School Boys Basketball League Championship
2008-2009
Varsity Boys Basketball MCST D1 Championship
Varsity Softball League Championship
Affiliations
Christian Schools International (CSI)
Middle States Association Commissions on Elementary and Secondary Schools (MSA-CESS)
See also
Olney, Maryland
Christian Schools International
Montgomery County, Maryland
References
External links
WCA Blog
Christian Schools International
Olney, Maryland
Private high schools in Maryland
Schools in Montgomery County, Maryland
Private middle schools in Maryland
Private elementary schools in Maryland
Christian schools in Maryland
Eleonora Alvisi and Lisa Pigato were the defending champions, but they lost in the semifinals to Alex Eala and Oksana Selekhmeteva.
Eala and Selekhmeteva went on to win the title, defeating Maria Bondarenko and Amarissa Kiara Tóth in the final, 6–0, 7–5.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Draw at rolandgarros.com
Draw at rolandgarros.com
Draw at ITFtennis.com
Girls' Doubles
French Open by year – Girls' doubles
Filadelfeia-Chalkidona () is a municipality in the Central Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Nea Filadelfeia. The municipality has an area of 3.650 km2.
Municipality
The municipality Filadelfeia–Chalkidona was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Nea Chalkidona
Nea Filadelfeia
References
Municipalities of Attica
Populated places in Central Athens (regional unit)
Star Kingdom (formerly known as Star King) (1946–1967) was a Thoroughbred race horse bred in Ireland in 1946. Exported to Australia, they were an outstanding sire, being the leading sire for five seasons, the leading sire of two-year-olds seven times as well as heading the broodmare sires' list three times.
Foaled on 30 April 1946, Star Kingdom was bred by Richard Ball, master of Cloghran Stud, in County Dublin, Ireland. Star Kingdom was a son of Stardust and out of the unraced mare, Impromptu by Concerto. They were inbred to Sunstar (who won the 2,000 Guineas Stakes and The Derby), in the fourth generation (4m x 4f). Wilfred Harvey purchased them at the Doncaster sales for 3,100 guineas.
Racing record
Star Kingdom was registered and raced under the name of Star King in England. Conditioned for racing by John Waugh, in their two-year-old racing season they were rated second (to Abernant) among English sprinters. They were beaten by Abernant by the ''shortest of short heads in the National Breeders' Produce Stakes at Sandown Park and their jockey `Sam Wragg thought they had won.' Out of 16 starts they recorded nine wins and was unplaced only four times collecting £12,352 in stakes. Their wins included the York Gimcrack Stakes and the Sandown Park Produce Stakes. All of their wins, with the exception of one, were by long margins of up to ten lengths. They were rated 131 by Timeform in their first ever Annual of 1948
In 1949-Star King won the Greenham Stakes over 7 furlongs and the then 7.7 furlong Jersey Stakes at Ascot but ran disappointingly in the 2,000 Guineas and July Cup of 1949. Timeform's assessment of them was that they possessed a fine turn of speed and was at their best when opponents did not take them off their feet too early in the race. They rated them 128 in 1949.
Stud record
Star Kingdom was purchased by Alf Ellison, Reg Moses and Stanley Wootton at a cost of £4,000 and sent to Australia in 1951. My uncle, John Burton - previously Bunfield, was the stable lad that looked after Star kingdom for the whole long journey, not an easy trip for either of them, but John's loving care enabled the horse to survive, even though they were unfairly blamed for their condition on arrival. ref: John's niece's account. Upon arrival it was obvious that they had not travelled well, and they stood only 15 hands and inch high, leaving their purchasers with serious doubts about the wisdom of their choice. As there was already a Star King in Australia, they were re-registered as Star Kingdom and installed at Baramul Stud in New South Wales. Their influence was not immediately felt, but eventually they became Australia's leading sire for the first time in the 1958–59 season when their fifth crop began racing although they were the leading sire of two-year-olds in their first season and the first sire whose earners were to reach the equivalent of $2 million. Star Kingdom was the leading sire five times, leading sire of two-year-olds seven times as well as leading the broodmare sires' list thrice.
One of their most extraordinary achievements was to sire the winner of the first five Golden Slipper Stakes. Primarily a speed sire their influence is still evident in the bloodlines of many Australian Thoroughbreds today. Their progeny held Australian records for 4 furlongs, 5 furlongs, furlongs, 8 furlongs and 10 furlongs at various times.
Among their offspring were 52 stakeswinners, including the outstanding horses Biscay, Citius, Concert Star, Todman, Fine and Dandy, Noholme, Reveille, Time And Tide, Sky High, Skyline, King Star, Kingster, Star Affair, Planet Kingdom, Kaoru Star (sire of Luskin Star, a Triple Crown winner), Mighty Kingdom, Gold Stakes, Magic Night, Starlit, Cymbal, Courteous, Sunset Hue (sire of Gunsynd) and Ritmar. The top racehorse Sky High was their most prolific winner, recording 29 wins.
Star Kingdom was also a noted broodmare sire, with the likes of their daughter Dark Jewel producing Baguette, a Golden Slipper Stakes winner who was unbeaten in their two-year-old season and future sire of note.
Standing at Barramul Stud for 16 successive seasons (1951–1966), they died from a bowel blockage, at the age of 21, on 21 April 1967. A headstone at Baramul Stud commemorates them and their son, Todman.
In 1978, more than 11 years after Star Kingdom's death, they had at least 42 sons standing at studs in Australia and New Zealand, including the very successful Kaoru Star. At the same time they also had over 100 grandsons standing at stud.
Pedigree
References
External links
Star Kingdom - Profile of a Champion
Star Kingdom's complete profile at Thoroughbred Heritage
1946 racehorse births
1967 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Champion Thoroughbred Sires of Australia
Australian Racing Hall of Fame horses
Thoroughbred family 1-g
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Chefs-de-Race
Thapaswini is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by P. I. M. Kasim. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi and Jose Prakash in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
Jose Prakash
Prema
Sankaradi
Raghavan
T. S. Muthaiah
K. P. Ummer
Philomina
Sujatha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Santa Caterina dello lonio is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography
The village is bordered by Badolato and Guardavalle.
Santa Caterina dello Ionio is divided into two locations; the Marina, and the upper mountain village, located about 9 km from the coast.
The village of about 2,100 inhabitants in 2013 is along the highway SS 106 Ionica and is located about 50 km from Catanzaro (Roccelletta), 150 km from Reggio Calabria, only 15 km from Riace (where the “Riace Bronzes” were discovered), 8 km from Monasterace (Caulonia) and about 60 km from Locri. Consider visiting the Cliffs of Caminia (along the SS 106); you can enjoy wonderful sights at heights with exceptional views of the breathtaking sea.
Holidays are exceptional, far from crowded beaches. You will be surrounded by white sandy beaches and a beautiful blue sea. It is the site of large marine areas, between coastal towns of the Ionian Sea. There are 3 to 15 km of completely deserted beach with widths from 50 to 150 metres from the shore. The coastline, full of coves, ranges from beaches of white granite sand to rocky coastal cliffs, which are accessible to everyone.
History
Santa Caterina under the colonization of Magna Grecia, the Romans, and finally by the Greek-Byzantine.
The Greeks founded along the coast from the 8th Century. Colonies flourished, but near the sea there was little suitable defense. The Greeks felt the need to unite in a safer and more suitable place for defense of all villages, abandoning the coast because of malaria and Saracen pirate invasions. It is believed that Santa Caterina dello Ionio arose following the Saracen invasions (650-1086 AD), by the union of the colonies in the territory. Originally, it was a small village surrounded by defensive walls, which opened four doors. Only one door "Porta dell'acqua", which translates to "Gateway of the water", remains. Around 1060, Santa Caterina dello Ionio became part of the county of Badolato.
In 1272, the first lord of the village was Rinaldo Conclubet. In 1487, the noble family of Arena of Conclubet was involved with the conspiracy of the Barons. They were overthrown and the town was handed over to Conte Alberico from Barbiano. In the following years, various noble families ruled from Cordova to Galeotta, Gallelli of Badolato, from Gioieni to Colonna. In the seventeenth century, the noble family of Marzano endowed the village with a castle. In 1799, the possession of the territory passed to Di Francia, who held it until the abolition of feudalism.
How to reach the town
Once you arrive at the Lamezia Terme International Airport or train station, decide whether to rent a car or use the various private transfer services., by travelling along the highway A3 Salerno - Reggio Calabria, exit Lamezia Terme - Catanzaro. Continue along the S.S. 280 (E848) towards Catanzaro.
What to do
Restaurants
Bars and Pubs
Go to the Beach
Santa Caterina is ideal for holidays as you will surround by white sandy beaches and a beautiful blue sea. It is the site of large marine areas, between coastal towns of the Ionian Sea. There are 3 to 15 km of completely deserted beach with widths from 50 to 150 metres from the shore. The coastline, full of coves, ranges from beaches of white granite sand to rocky coastal cliffs, which are accessible to everyone. The beaches have free access for swimming and the Lidi provide services such as Restaurants, Bars, Pizzerias, Discos and hire of beach chairs and umbrellas. The beauty of the sea and the coast in this area is pristine.
Accommodation
Vacation rentals and Bed and Breakfast
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
"Up & Down" () is a song recorded by South Korean girl group EXID. It was released on August 27, 2014 by Yedang Company as a digital single, serving as the lead single for the group's second extended play Ah Yeah, which was released on April 13, 2015. Initially failing to chart, the song eventually became a commercial success in South Korea, peaking at number one on the Gaon Digital Chart 4 months after its initial release, and went on to sell more than 1.4 million digital units by the end of 2015.
A Japanese-language version of "Up & Down" was released in Japan on August 22, 2018 through Tokuma Japan. The song served as the group's debut in the country for their Japanese studio album, Trouble, which was released on April 7, 2019.
Background and release
"Up & Down" was released in South Korea on August 27, 2014 through Yedang Company via digital download and streaming. In Japan, the song was released as a single album titled Up & Down Special Edition on August 22, 2018, as the group's debut Japanese single. The song was written and produced by Shinsadong Tiger, who had previously worked with a variety of groups such as T-ara, Beast and 4Minute, along with Beomi and members LE and Nyangi.
The song slowly gained popularity beginning in October 2014 after a fan-recorded video of member Hani performing the song went viral on South Korean social networking websites. As a result, the song eventually reached into the top 10 on the real-time charts and garnered newfound popularity for the group. Due to the success of the fancam—which has received over 30 million views on YouTube—EXID was once again invited to promote "Up & Down" in January 2015, despite the song's promotions ending months prior.
Commercial performance
"Up & Down" was initially met with poor reception, failing to chart following its initial release. Following the viral fancam in October 2014, the song made its debut onto Gaon Digital Chart on the week ending November 22, 2014, placing at number 34. In its second week, the song placed at number 7, and was followed by three consecutive weeks of charting at number 5. In the song's sixth week, "Up & Down" placed at number 3, and subsequently topped the chart in the week ending January 3, 2015, effectively becoming a commercial success.
The song sold a total of 525,183 digital units by the end of 2014, and ranked at number 77 on the year-end Gaon Digital Chart. The song maintained its popularity over the course of the following year, selling an additional 971,632 digital units by the end of 2015, and ranked at a high of number 28 on the year-end Gaon Digital Chart.
In Japan, "Up & Down" debuted at number 18 on the Oricon Singles Chart, and sold 7,710 copies. Its respective single album landed at number 15 on Oricon Singles Chart, and subsequently peaked at number 7 on its seventh day.
Critical reception
"Up & Down" received generally positive reviews from music critics. Dazed ranked the song number 15 in their list of 20 Best K-Pop Songs of 2014, complimenting its musical production and catchiness. In their November 2019 list of "The 100 Greatest K-Pop Songs of the 2010s", Billboard magazine ranked the song at number 48, writing that the "trip-hop, trumpet-infused extravaganza was the perfect prelude to the new version of the quintet."
Accolades
Track listing
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales
Release history
References
2014 singles
2018 singles
EXID songs
Songs written by Shinsadong Tiger
2014 songs
Col. Johannes "John" Bowman (17 December 1738 – May 4, 1784) was an 18th-century American pioneer, colonial militia officer and sheriff, the first appointed in Lincoln County, Kentucky. In 1781 they also presided as a justice of the peace over the first county court held in Kentucky. The first county-lieutenant and military governor of Kentucky County during the American Revolutionary War, Col. Bowman also, served in the American Revolution, many times, second in command to General George Rogers Clark, during the Illinois Campaign, which, at the time, doubled the size of the United States.
They and brothers Joseph, Isaac and Abraham Bowman were excellent horsemen and later known as the "Four Centaurs of Cedar Creek", all of whom were among the earliest pioneers to settle in Kentucky and prominent officers in the Continental Army. They were the brother-in-law of frontiersmen Isaac Ruddell, Lorentz Stephens, Peter Deyerle, George Wright, Henry Richardson and George Brinker. Their grandnephew, Abraham's grandson John Bryan Bowman, founded Kentucky University and the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Kentucky.  They are the younger brother of Jacob Bowman.
Biography
Early life
Born to Virginia pioneer George Bowman and Mary Hite (daughter of pioneer Jost Hite) on Cedar Creek in Orange later Frederick County, Virginia, they are first recorded as a captain in the local militia in 1760. Living in Botetourt County during the late 1760s, they were a witness to the land deed of Andrew Miller, heir-at-law of John Miller, to Israel Christian for a tract of land (81 acres) in southern Catawba later donated to build the first county courthouse and other public buildings. During that same year, they acted as an appraiser for the estate of David Bryan.
In July 1768, they sold their share of the inheritance received from their father's death, of the Bowman family estate in Linvel's Creek, and settled on the Roanoke. They were later recommended a justice of the peace in Augusta County in June 1769 and was appointed as commissioner of Botetourt County following its official incorporation into Virginia Colony.
Marrying Elizabeth McClung who was the widow of David Bryan and eight years their senior, they were involved in a minor legal dispute during the early 1770s over land which Bryan had directed in theirs will be sold to William Cox upon their death. They successfully acquired the along Glade Creek and kept it as part of the Bryan estate until selling the Glade Creek claim to Esam Hannan and the rest of the estate to Toliver Craig, Sr. shortly before moving their family to Bowman's Station. They fought at the Battle of Point Pleasant.
Soldier and frontiersman
Visiting Kentucky in 1775, they served on the safety committee at Harrodsburg the following summer and was appointed as Colonel of the Kentucky militia by Virginia Governor Patrick Henry in the fall. The following year, Bowman was named as the first county-lieutenant of Kentucky County on July 14 and, with their officers Captains Henry Pauling and John Dunkin, marched with two companies numbering 100 men from Holston River area to Kentucky County stopping at Boonesborough on August 1 and Logan's Fort on August 26 before finally arriving at Harrodsburg on September 2. Immediately after their arrival, they were elected a presiding judge in the first court of quarter sessions held at Fort Harrod and included Richard Callaway, John Floyd, John Todd and sheriff Benjamin Logan on September 2, 1777.
During the Illinois campaign, they received a message from General George Rogers Clark shortly after the capture of Kaskaskia requesting support for their planned campaign into Detroit. Promising Clark at least 300 men, Bowman began gathering men and provisions during the spring of 1779.
Accompanied by Benjamin Logan and Levi Todd, Bowman led between 160 and 300 militiamen against the Shawnee town of Chillicothe in late May. Dividing their forces, they and Logan attacked the camp from both sides but their forces were eventually repulsed. Unable to draw the Shawnee from their single blockhouse, Bowman burned much of the camp and left with over 300 horses valued at $32,000. They and their men repulsed the Shawnee as they marched two days south to meet Clark at the mouth of the Licking River. Later they participated in Clark's expedition along the Little Miami and Ohio River.
Although initially blamed for not taking the Indian blockhouse, as well as the eight or ten casualties suffered, Bowman and Logan were credited with the raid at Chillicothe as a major victory for the Kentuckians. With the destruction of a major Shawnee settlement and the death of Chief Blackfish, additional Indian war parties were discouraged from moving against Kentucky colonists. According to Theodore Roosevelt in The Winning of the West, "the expedition undoubtedly accomplished more than Clark's attack on Piqua next year."
In the fall of 1779, they and Col. Abraham was instrumental in the founding Bowman's Station on Cane Run in present-day Mercer County, Kentucky. Originally housing seven families during the "Hard Winter" of 1779–80, the settlement grew to thirty families during the next year. Bowman's position was reaffirmed by then Governor Thomas Jefferson and they used the settlement as their base of operations. They were often traveling to organize the defense of Kentucky County.
Later years and death
In 1781, Bowman became the first Sheriff and County-Lieutenant of Lincoln County, Kentucky. They also presided over the first county court held in Kentucky, when they and several others were appointed justice of the peace on January 16, 1781. Benjamin Logan succeeded them as County-Lieutenant in July 1781 and Sheriff in November 1783.
Settling down at Bowman Station, founded by them and brother Col. Abraham Bowman, Bowman spent their last years at their home. They hired local residents to tap the maple trees on their property and sold the sugar for a substantial profit. Falling ill, Bowman died at their home on May 4, 1784. Although said to be opinionated and quick to anger, they were both admired and respected by fellow settlers for their bravery.
Following their death, their brother Abraham served as executor of their estate. In customary fashion, their widow Elizabeth McClung /Bryan /Bowman received one-third of their property with the remainder going towards the education of their son. John Bowman, Jr. built a fine brick mansion they called the Mt. Pleasant Estate, which is still standing near Ft. Bowman and their father's old station.
References
Further reading
Butler, Mann. A History of the Commonwealth of Kentucky: From Its Exploration and Settlement by the Whites, to the Close of the Northwest Campaign, in 1813. Cincinnati: J.A. James & Co., 1836.
Clark, Thomas D. A History of Kentucky. New York: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1937.
Cotterill, Robert S. History of Pioneer Kentucky. Cincinnati: Johnson & Hardin, 1917.
Giles, Janice Holt. The Kentuckians. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky, 1987.
Rice, Otis K. Frontier Kentucky. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky, 1975.
Sanchez-Saavedra, E.M. A Guide to Virginia Military Organizations in the American Revolution, 1774–1787. Richmond: Virginia State Library, 1978.
Wayland, John W. The Bowmans: A Pioneering Family in Virginia, Kentucky and the Northwest Territory. Staunton, Virginia: McClure Co., 1943.
I thought John's brother Abraham married Sarah(Henry)Bryan?
1738 births
1784 deaths
People from Frederick County, Virginia
American Presbyterians
John
County commissioners in Kentucky
Kentucky militiamen in the American Revolution
People from Lincoln County, Kentucky
Kentucky pioneers
People of Kentucky in the American Revolution
American people of the Northwest Indian War
Virginia colonial people
Kentucky sheriffs
People from Botetourt County, Virginia
Filip Krajinović was the defending champion but chose not to defend their title.
Juan Ignacio Londero won the title after defeating Hugo Dellien 3–6, 7–5, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Marburg Open - Singles
2018 Singles
My Mister () is a 2018 South Korean television series starring Lee Sun-kyun and Lee Ji-eun. The series was directed by Kim Won-seok, written by Park Hae-young and produced by Chorokbaem Media. It aired on tvN from March 21 to May 17, 2018, on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:30 (KST) time slot.
The drama received critical acclaim, winning Best Drama at the 55th Baeksang Arts Awards. It is currently available on Netflix and iQIYI.
Synopsis
My Mister tells the story of an impoverished and debt-laden young woman (IU) struggling to stay afloat as they nurse their deaf, sick grandmother and working a temporary job. They develop an unlikely bond with one of their equally miserable supervisors (Lee Sun-kyun), which is subjected to scrutiny and manipulation by their colleagues, friends, and dysfunctional families. Enduring the weight of their respective lives, they come together, forming new relationships, keeping parts of themselves secret — but ultimately healing one another's past scars.
Cast
Main
Lee Sun-kyun as Park Dong-hoon
The second oldest of the three brothers and the most successful out of the three brothers. They work as a structural engineer and always has a safety-first approach to life.  They are quiet and stoic, but also goes all in for the people they love. They grow to care for Ji-an despite having a conflict with them at first.
Lee Ji-eun (IU) as Lee Ji-an
Kim Gyu-ri as child Ji-an
Born on 4 November 1998. Ji-an is a 21-year-old woman who is enduring many hardships in life, including the need to discharge their mother's huge debts and taking care of their deaf grandmother. They were also convicted of murdering a loan shark (also Lee Kwang-il's father) during their middle school years.  They are tasked by their boss who runs a company they are temporarily working for to discover Park Dong-hoon's weaknesses, but they soon ends up falling for their warm charms and learns to trust someone for the first time.
Supporting
Dong-hoon's family
Go Doo-shim as Byun Yo-soon
A loving mother with three sons who worries about their eldest living apart from their family, and their youngest, who has yet to get married despite being over 40.
Park Ho-san as Park Sang-hoon
Dong-hoon's eldest brother.  They are a middle-aged man who was fired from their job and then ran two failing businesses, which ended up in them being chased out of their own home. Though they have to live under their mother's roof, he's a romanticist at heart who always thinks about ways to find happiness.
Song Sae-byeok as Park Ki-hoon
Dong-hoon's younger brother. They were once seen as a genius director because an independent film they shot when they were twenty was invited to the Cannes Film Festival. However, 20 years have passed since their glory days. They have yet to successfully launch their career as a movie director.
Lee Ji-ah as Kang Yoon-hee, Park Dong-hoon's wife, who is having an affair with Do Joon-young, their husband's boss who is younger than him.
as Jo Ae-ryun.
Lee Ji-an's family
as Lee Bong-ae: Lee Ji-an's deaf grandmother.
People around Lee Ji-an
Jang Ki-yong as Lee Kwang-il
A loan shark, who liked Ji-an when they were young. As their father was murdered by Ji-an (who was jailed two years for this crime) while chasing them for debts, they hated Ji-an for this and tormented them greatly over their debts.
Ahn Seung-gyun as Song Ki-bum
Ji-an's best friend who is obsessed with computer games.
as Seo Choon-dae: An elderly man and cleaner who is caring towards Ji-an.
People in the company
Kim Young-min as Do Joon-young
Dong-hoon's college junior and Ji-an's boss, currently working as a CEO. They have an affair with Yoon-hee and seeks to fire Dong-hoon.
Shin Goo as Chairman Jang Hoe-jang
as Executive Director Yoon Sang-tae
Seo Hyun-woo as Head of Section Seo
as Kim Dae-ri
as Yeo Hyung-kyu
as Jung Chae-ryung
Dong-hoon and Ji-an's co-worker.
Extended
Kwon Na-ra as Choi Yoo-ra
A movie actor, and Park Ki-hoon's love interest.
Park Hae-joon as Gyum-duk
Dong-hoon's friend and has dated Jung-hee in the past.
Oh Na-ra as Jung-hee
Owner of Jung-hee's Bar, friends with Dong-hoon.
as Director Jung Chang-mo
Park Soo-young as Je-cheol
Seo Sang-won as Go Jin-beom, friends with Dong-hoon.
Production
The first script reading was held on December 18, 2017.
On February 19, 2018, it was confirmed that Na Moon-hee has dropped out of the drama due to schedule conflicts and was replaced by Go Doo-shim.
On February 28, 2018, it was confirmed that Oh Dal-su was removed from the drama following allegations of sexual abuse and was replaced by Park Ho-san.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Part 7
Part 8
Reception
The drama received critical acclaim for its screenplay and direction. The cast similarly received praise for their performances, which viewers called 'life work' for all of the actors.
Viewership
This series airs on tvN, a cable channel/pay TV which normally has a relatively smaller audience compared to free-to-air TV/public broadcasters (KBS, SBS, MBC and EBS). The drama was a critical and commercial success, consistently topping the cable television viewership ratings in its time slot. Its final episode recorded a 7.352% nationwide audience share according to Nielsen paid platform making the episode one of the highest rated in Korean cable television history at the time. My Mister drew a solid average viewership rating of 5% for a cable TV show and topped the Contents Power Index (CPI) rankings, as well as the TV popularity ranking, six times during its nine week run.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
My Mister at Studio Dragon
My Mister at Chorokbaem Media
Korean-language television shows
TVN (South Korean TV channel) television dramas
2018 South Korean television series debuts
Television series by Studio Dragon
Television series by Chorokbaem Media
2018 South Korean television series endings
Brendan John Cahill (born November 28, 1963) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. They have been serving as bishop of the Diocese of Victoria in Texas since 2015.
Early life
Brendan John Cahill was born in Coral Gables, Florida. They attended St. Cecilia Catholic School and graduated from St. Thomas High School in Houston, Texas. They spent a year at Rice University before they entered St. Mary's Seminary/University of St. Thomas in Houston. Cahill earned a Bachelor of Psychology degree in 1985.
Priesthood
Cahill was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Galveston-Houston on May 19, 1990. That same year, they received a Master of Divinity degree from St. Thomas.
After their ordination, Cahill served as curate at St. Frances Cabrini Parish in Houston. In 1992, they were transferred to Christ the Good Shepherd Parish in Spring, Texas, serving there until 1998. Cahill received a Master of Theology degree in 1993 from Xavier University of Louisiana, specializing on the experience and theology of African-American Catholics. In 1998, they joined joined the faculty of St. Mary Seminary.
In 1999, Cahill was awarded a Doctorate in Dogmatic Theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. They then returned to Houston to teach at St. Mary Seminary. Cahill was appointed rector of St. Mary in 2001. That same year, they became the director of the Secretariat for Clergy Formation and Chaplaincy Services of the archdiocese. They speak English, Spanish and Italian, and has a working knowledge of French and German. Cahill also served as an associate chaplain of the Knights of Malta, of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulcher, and they are a fourth degree member of the Knights of Columbus.
Bishop of Victoria
Pope Francis named Cahill as bishop of the Diocese of Victoria on April 23, 2015. They were installed and consecrated on June 29, 2015 by Cardinal Daniel DiNardo. Archbishop Joseph Fiorenza and Bishop David Fellhauer were the co-consecrators. The liturgy was celebrated in Our Lady of Victory Cathedral in Victoria.
On January 21, 2019, Cahill publicly named three priests from the diocese with credible accusations of sexual abuse of minors. The investigation, run by an outside attorney covered all allegations dating back to the founding of the diocese in 1982. One priest, David L. Collela, was retired and a second priest, Guido Miguel Quiroz Reyes, was deceased. The third priest, Alfred Prado, had been laicized and left the country.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Victoria Official Site
Episcopal succession
1963 births
Living people
People from Coral Gables, Florida
University of St. Thomas (Texas) alumni
Xavier University of Louisiana alumni
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Roman Catholic bishops of Victoria in Texas
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Catholics from Florida
was the seventh Shikken (regent) of the Kamakura Shogunate, regining from 1264 to 1268. They were the son of Hōjō Yoshitoki, the second Shikken.
Life
Hōjō Masamura was born on July 10, 1205 , the son of Shikken Hōjō Yoshitoki. Their mother was the daughter of Iga Tomomitsu. Shikken Hōjō Yasutoki was their half brother. Masamura was born on the day Hatakeyama Shigetada was killed. Masamura held their genpuku, coming of age ceremony, in 1213.
Before their regency, they served as Captain of the Right Division of Bureau of Horses (uma no gon no kami), Governor of Mutsu Province, and Mayor of the Left Capital District (Sakyō no gon no daibu).
After the sudden death of Yoshitoki, Masamura's mother and their elder brother, flight attendant of the Mandokoro Iga Mitsumune, conspired to replace shogun Kujō Yoritsune with their son-in-law, associate counselor Ichijō Sanemasa, as shogun, and to make Masamura the next shikken. The plan failed, but Masamura was pardoned by their half-brother Yasutoki and was not punished.
In 1239, Masamura became a member of Council of the Shogunate (hyōjōshū). In 1249, they became the head of the newly established High Court of the Shogunate (hikitsuke).
In 1256, they were appointed rensho, and assisted the shikken Hōjō Tokiyori and Nagatoki.
In 1264, Nagatoki resigned due to illness, and Masamura became the seventh shikken. Hōjō Tokimune subsequently became their rensho.
During Masamura's reign, Prince Munetaka was removed from the post of shogun and Prince Koreyasu was appointed as the seventh shogun. Masamura and Tokimune are thought to have played a central role in this change of power.
In 1268, Masamura stepped down to the post of rensho, and gave the post of shikken to Tokimune, who had grown up. Tokimune, who reigned during the difficult time preceding the Mongol invasions of Japan in 1274 and 1281, is said to have been frequently aided by Masamura.
Masamura fell ill in 1273, and entered priesthood, taking the Buddhist name Kakusū. They died shortly after on June 13, 1273.
References
1205 births
1273 deaths
Hōjō clan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
The 1997 NCAA Women's Division I Swimming and Diving Championships were contested at the 16th annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of Division I women's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
This year's events were hosted at the Indiana University Natatorium in Indianapolis, Indiana.
USC topped the team standings, finishing just 11 points ahead of five-time defending champions Stanford; it was the Trojans' first women's team title.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
(DC) = Defending champions
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Women's Swimming and Diving Championships
The first series of The Real Housewives of Cheshire, a British reality television series, was broadcast on ITVBe. It aired from 12 January 2015 until 16 March 2015, and was primarily filmed in Cheshire and Greater Manchester, England. Its executive producers are Daran Little, Sean Murphy, Sarah Dillistone and David Granger.
The Real Housewives of Cheshire focuses on the lives of Ampika Pickston, Dawn Ward, Lauren Simon, Leanne Brown, Magali Gorré and Tanya Bardsley. It consisted of ten episodes.
Production and crew
The Real Housewives of Cheshire was announced on 22 September 2014. ITV had planned to profile the glamorous denizens of London's Knightsbridge in the series, but ITV bosses said "their homes weren't quite big enough..", and so Cheshire was chosen. The show was announced by ITVBe as Britain's first Real Housewives instalment. "From "The Real Housewives" franchise comes the first British spin-off, featuring wealthy residents of Cheshire, including Dawn Ward, Lauren Simon, Leanne Brown, Magali Gorré, Tanya Bardsley and Ampika Pickston."
The series premiered with "Welcome to Cheshire" on 12 January 2015, while the tenth episode "Who's Coming To Dinner...?" served as the season finale, and was aired on 16 March 2015. Daran Little, Sean Murphy, Sarah Dillistone and David Granger are the series' executive producers; it is produced and distributed by Monkey Kingdom, one of Britain's leading independent production companies.
Cast and synopsis
Six housewives were featured during the first season of The Real Housewives of Cheshire. "The Real Housewives Of Cheshire documents the lives and dramas of a group of strong determined women each cast for their envious lifestyles, loveable families and compelling narratives. The Housewives love extremes, drink free flowing champagne, live in beautiful homes and wear the most fashionable and outrageous outfits, shoes and jewellery. Throughout the series the Housewives are put through a rollercoaster of emotions including love, hurt, hate, betrayal, good and poor fortune but are bound together by a shared humanity and group experiences.
Taglines
Ampika Pickston: "I'm always gonna get interest of the opposite sex, I'm like a snake and when I'm done with you, I'll discard you."
Dawn Ward: “I've got a wonderful life, I'm gobby, I'm full on. I'll always say what I think, you're not gonna change a leopard's spots.”
Lauren Simon: “I am of domestic order. I don't listen to anything anyone tells me, it's all about me.”
Leanne Brown: “I married a footballer, I live in a fairly big house. I'd say it's worked out well.”
Magali Gorre: “When you cross me, you better don't cross me. Don't mess with Magali.”
Tanya Bardsley: “I have my dream body, dream man, career. I've got it all.”
Episodes
References
Notes
The Real Housewives of Cheshire
2015 British television seasons
Sprawa pilota Maresza is a Polish film directed by Leonard Buczkowski released in 1956. Based on a novel by Janusz Meissner, which was inspired by actual events. One of the first Polish features filmed in color.
Cast
Wieńczysław Gliński - cpt. Piotr Maresz
Alicja Raciszówna - Krystyna Flisakówna
Lidia Wysocka - Mary Godzicka
Leon Niemczyk - Surowiec
Jerzy Michotek - Jan Flisak, co-pilot
Bogdan Niewinowski - Józef Cygan
Jerzy Kaczmarek - Włodzimierz Elmer
Kazimierz Wilamowski - Hornowski
Awards
Złota Kaczka - the best film of 1956
External links
Polish drama films
Aviation films
Films set on airplanes
Films based on Polish novels
Vanguard TV-5, also called Vanguard Test Vehicle-Five, was a failed flight of the American Vanguard rocket following the successful launch of Vanguard 1 on Vanguard TV-4. Vanguard TV-5 launched on 29 April 1958 at 02:53:00 GMT, from Launch Complex 18A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket was unsuccessful in its attempt to place an unnamed satellite into orbit.
Background
Project Vanguard (1955-1959) was America's first satellite program, initiated to represent the United States in the International Geophysical Year (IGY), an international effort to study the Earth's physical properties. The U.S. Navy's Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) was chosen to direct the satellite project in part due to their success with the Viking sounding rocket program. NRL was tasked with not only designing and building the satellite, also the booster that would carry it into orbit, as well as the first world-wide satellite tracking network (Minitrack).
After three successful flight tests, which proved the Vanguard rocket's first stage and internal telemetry systems (TV-0 on 8 December 1956; TV-1 on 1 May 1957; TV-2 on 23 October 1957), Project Vanguard suffered two setbacks. On 6 December 1957, the first complete Vanguard rocket (TV-3), with three live stages and carrying a minimal satellite with no scientific experiments, blew up two seconds after liftoff. Two months later, on 5 February 1958, the identically configured TV-3BU broke up when a control system malfunction, after 57 seconds of normal flight, caused the Vanguard rocket to exceed a 45° angle of attack.
On 17 March 1958, however, Vanguard 1 was successfully launched into orbit, marking the first full triumph for the project. The next step would be to launch a full-sized, instrumented Vanguard. For that purpose, TV-4BU, a back-up rocket identical to the TV-4 that had launched Vanguard 1, was converted to carry the larger satellite.
Spacecraft
Vanguard TV5's satellite was a 9.75 kg (21.5 lb), 50.8 cm (20 inches) diameter sphere whose shell was composed of magnesium coated with highly polished silicon monoxide. A 108.00 MHz transmitter at 80 milliwatts was designed to provide tracking and telemetry, transmitting and receiving using four protruding metal rod antennas. Power was supplied by mercury batteries. The payload included ionization chambers sensitive to X-ray wavelengths produced in solar flares (1 to 8 Å, or 100 to 800 pm).
Mission
TV-5's first stage was erected on the firing stand at Launch Complex 18A by the first week of April. However, by then, the pad managers had viewed the flight film from TV-4 and determined that the hydraulic disconnects had not separated smoothly from the rocket at liftoff. A new, pull-away firing structure was under construction, but it would not be completed for some time. As a result, modifications were made to the existing, static stand.
Vanguard TV-5 was launched on 29 April 1958 at 02:53:00 GMT (28 April 1958, 21:53:00 ET), from Cape Canaveral, Florida. The launch proceeded nominally through the second stage burnout 262 seconds after launch. Following this, however, two electric relays malfunctioned and failed to transmit the signal to arm the coasting flight control system, preventing the third stage from separating and firing. The second and third stages reached an altitude of 576 km (358 miles) and crashed about 2600 km (1600 miles) downrange from the launch site. This concluded the Vanguard Test Vehicle series, the Vanguard missions following this were designated Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle (SLV) followed by a sequential number.
The program achieved success in the following year with the launch of Vanguard 2 on 17 February 1959. TV-5's X-ray experiment package was successfully put into orbit on Vanguard 3, flown on Vanguard rocket SLV-7 on 18 September 1959. However, the ionization chambers were completely saturated by the Van Allen Belts and returned no useful data. It was not until the instruments were orbited on SOLRAD 1 on 22 June 1960, a combination surveillance/science satellite designed on the Vanguard frame, that meaningful results were obtained.
See also
Vanguard rocket
Project Vanguard
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Rocket
Spacecraft propulsion
References
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L. The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Spacecraft launched in 1958
Project Vanguard
The 2016 KPN Renewables Bangkok Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2016 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Bangkok, Thailand between 16 and 22 May 2016.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of May 9, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Phassawit Burapharitta
Jirat Navasirisomboon
Wishaya Trongcharoenchaikul
Kittipong Wachiramanowong
The following player received protected ranking entry into the singles main draw:
Rémi Boutillier
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Sam Barry
Lloyd Glasspool
Yuya Kibi
Sidharth Rawat
Champions
Singles
James Duckworth def. Sam Barry, 7–6(7–5), 6–4
Doubles
Chen Ti / Jason Jung def. Dean O'Brien / Ruan Roelofse, 6–4, 3–6, [10–8]
External links
ATP Challenger Tour
Tennis, ATP Challenger Tour, KPN Renewables Bangkok Open
Tennis, ATP Challenger Tour, KPN Renewables Bangkok Open
Tennis, ATP Challenger Tour, KPN Renewables Bangkok Open
Twin Peaks: Limited Event Series Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album by American composer Angelo Badalamenti. It was released on September 8, 2017, by Rhino Entertainment. The album is the score to the Twin Peaks revival series, and includes previously unreleased compositions by Badalamenti.
An additional soundtrack, which featured music performed and featured diegetically on the revival series, was concurrently released as Twin Peaks: Music from the Limited Event Series.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Twin Peaks: Limited Event Series Original Soundtrack.
Angelo Badalamenti – executive production
Mike Bozzi – mastering
Jim Bruening – score co-production
Stacy Conde – project supervision
Jason Day – project supervision
Kate Dear – art direction
Dean Hurley – album assembly, music supervision
David Lynch – cover, design, executive production
Suzanne Tenner – photography
Charts
References
2017 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Angelo Badalamenti
Albums produced by David Lynch
Music of Twin Peaks
Rhino Entertainment soundtracks
Twin Peaks
Angelo Badalamenti soundtracks
Mary P. Carpenter or Mary P.C. Hooper (c.1840 – c.1905) was an American inventor from Buffalo, New York credited with seventeen patents over their lifetime. They also founded two companies, the "Carpenter Sewing Machine Co." and the "Carpenter Straw Sewing Machine Co.".
Biography
Not much is known about Carpenter's life outside of their prolific inventing career.
According to the 1855 New York census they were living in Buffalo with their parents and six siblings. Them father's occpation was listed as mechanic. In 1870-1872, Carpenter lived in San Francisco, as a teacher. Additionally their two patent applications from 1870 for a sewing machine and a sewing machine mechanism state that they applied for them in San Francisco. In 1872, it appeared they were now living in New York City since their next eight patent applications are from New York. They married George W. Hooper, a physician from Boston in 1879 and their later patents from 1885 onwards can be found under their married name of Mrs. Mary P.C. Hooper.
Patents
Them first patent dates from 1862 for improvements to ironing or "fluting" machines, meant to simplify the creation of fluted pleats in clothing that was fashionable at the time.
In 1866 Carpenter's next patent was for an improved mop-ringer.
Them third patent was for their first sewing machine improvement in 1870.
Them next patent dates from 1871 for "a useful Improvement in the Feed-motion of Sewing-Machines".
Them fifth patent dates from 1872 for "sewing-machines which are especially designed for sewing straw-braid and consists mainly in the construction of the hooked needle employed for drawing the loop through the braid, and also in the mechanism for giving certain peculiar movements to said needle". It is worth noting here that the first US patent filed by a woman was for a cost-improving innovation regarding making women's straw hats, by Mary Dixon Kies, who died before they could profit from their patent. Them original 1809 patent was burned in a fire in 1836, so this 1872 patent is possibly the first patent regarding improvements for straw hat making after that one.
In 1873, Carpenter received a patent for an improvement for sewing buttons.
In 1876 Carpenter received a patent for a machine for sewing straw braid. Carpenter's straw-braiding invention led to a patent interference lawsuit where the Carpenter Sewing Machine Co. sued a former employee accusing the employee of stealing them ideas.
Additionally in 1876 they received a patent for a barrel-painting machine.
They filed a patent for a coal shovel in 1885. This was their first patent under their married name of Mary P.C. Hooper.
Carpenter received their tenth patent for a device for numbering houses in 1886.
They filed and received a patent for a mosquito-net bed canopy in 1887.
Carpenter was clearly still working on mosquito problems five years later when in 1891, Carpenter was awarded a patent for a mosquito trap.
They filed a patent for a strong and effective holder for stretching and supporting thin fabrics or material during the operation of embroidering its surface with a stitched pattern, or otherwise ornamenting the same in 1894.
In 1895 they filed a patent for a device or attachment which will improve the hang of such organ-pipe or goddet skirts, causing them to hang in the desired folds and causing the material to return to the proper folds 'after being disarranged, and by which the folds will be preserved as long as the dress is worn, and which device shall render the use of hair-cloth or similar material heretofore used in such skirts unnecessary, and shall be light, inexpensive, and comfortable and convenient.
In 1896 Carpenter received two patents, one for a darning holder and one for a darning device.
Them seventeenth and last patent was for a hair comb in 1904. This last device was to work with a hatpin to better stabilize a woman's hat on their head.
Collections
Sewing machine, US Patent number 112,016, National Museum of American History, Washington, D.C.
Sewing machine, straw braid, US Patent number 131,739, National Museum of American History, Washington, D.C.
Improvement in Machines for Sewing Straw Braid, US Patent number 171,774, Hagley Museum and Library, Wilmington, Delaware.
References
1840 births
1900 deaths
People from New York (state)
Women inventors
19th-century American inventors
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American business persons
Approved may refer to:
Approved drug, a preparation that has been validated for a therapeutic use by a ruling authority of a government
Approved, a 2013 album by Chester Thompson Trio
Approved (Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker album)
Erigeron saxatilis is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name rock fleabane. It has been found only in northern Arizona, in Yavapai and Coconino Counties north of the Mogollon Rim.
Erigeron saxatilis grows on ledges and cracks in the walls of canyons. It is a very small perennial herb rarely more than 5 cm (2 inches) tall, forming a woody underground caudex. The inflorescence generally contains only 1 flower head per stem. Each head contains 20–29 white ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
saxatilis
Flora of Arizona
Plants described in 1990
Clover Bend is an unincorporated community in Lawrence County, Arkansas, United States. It is the location of two historic sites listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places: the Clover Bend High School, on Arkansas Highway 228 (AR 228), and the Clover Bend Historic District, at the junction of AR 228 and Co. Rd. 1220.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
The Nasdaq MarketSite (or simply MarketSite) is the commercial marketing presence of the Nasdaq stock market. Located in Times Square, Midtown Manhattan, New York City, it occupies the northwest corner at the base of the 4 Times Square skyscraper.
The exterior wall of the eight-story cylindrical tower includes an LED video display that provides market quotes, financial news, and advertisements. Einhorn Yaffee Prescott designed Nasdaq MarketSite's space inside, which contains two broadcast studios and originally had a second-floor exhibit called the "MarketSite Experience". MarketSite was built in 1999 and debuted on January 1, 2000.
Description
Exterior
Nasdaq MarketSite is located at the northwest corner of 4 Times Square, facing Broadway to the west and 43rd Street to the north, along Times Square in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City. It has an eight-story cylindrical facade. At street level is a three-story glass facade. The glass curtain wall was meant to allow clear views of the broadcast studios behind it. Above the studio, the facade consists of a giant LED display, variously cited as measuring or . Measuring high, the display was the world's largest at the time of its completion. The display is allowed because 4 Times Square is exempt from zoning rules regarding signs.
The display is made of about 8,200 or 8,400 panels manufactured by Saco Smart Vision. The panels, in turn, are powered by over 800 units behind the screen, which are similar to the size of a shoebox. The LEDs are spaced as closely as apart. With over 18 million LEDs, the display can show information at a computer display standard of 1280x1824. The panels are thick. As designed, the sign was lit every day from 7 a.m. to 1 a.m., displaying advertisements, videos, news broadcasts, and financial and market information. Companies are identified by logos rather than their ticker symbols.
The display is interrupted by thirty square windows. The windows are arranged into five rows, which illuminate a portion of Condé Nast's space. The panels are covered with translucent coating, but water seepage from the windows can sometimes damage the display. There is a catwalk and a ventilation space behind the display, which created an effect resembling a tunnel. At 4 Times Square's opening, Nasdaq leased the sign space from the Durst Organization for $2 million a year.
Interior
Einhorn Yaffee Prescott designed Nasdaq MarketSite's space. The space had a 72-seat auditorium, a public exhibit area, and a pair of broadcast studios below the large LED sign. MarketSite's ground floor contains a broadcast studio with a wall of 96 monitors, measuring tall and broadcasting information about stocks and the market. The wall of screens consists of seventy-two screens measuring across and twenty-four screens measuring across. Reporters could use images from multiple screens to supplement their broadcasts. The ground floor also has an arc of windows looking out onto Times Square.
The main floor of the broadcast studio has four electronically-controlled cameras; the reporters' booths in the mezzanine above the main studio have six additional cameras. The broadcast studios are illuminated by fixtures on the studio's mezzanine level, as well as fluorescent lights in the reporter's booths. Fluorescent lights were also added to the offices of major television networks within the facility. Speakers are built into the studio's video wall, and the studio itself can accommodate five live broadcasts at once. When it opened in 2000, MarketSite was also capable of displaying high-definition video, even though this was not a popular video format at the time.
An exhibit on the second floor was designed as the "MarketSite Experience", displaying items about MarketSite's history. Visitors rode an elevator from the building's lobby and entered the Information Stream Tunnel, an interactive exhibit that has video displays depicting a "flow" of data using neon lights. Afterward, a passageway sloped up to the Global Connections Theatre, where visitors watched an eight-minute short film about Nasdaq, set in various locations around the world. Visitors were then directed to the MarketSite Game Experience, which contained twelve touchscreen kiosks with an interactive stock-market game, as well as six kiosks where visitors could search Nasdaq's website. The final part of the MarketSite Experience was the "Parting Shot", which took pictures of visitors' faces and displayed them on the large LED sign.
History
The original idea for MarketSite and the data visualizations and graphics came from Enock Interactive (now Percepted) in New York City. The project was 10 years in the making prior to the Times Square launch. The initial installation of the MarketSite was in Nasdaq's former location at Whitehall Street in Lower Manhattan.
In 1998, Nasdaq leased some space for a marketing center and TV studio at 4 Times Square, which would replace its facility in Lower Manhattan. Nasdaq proposed a large sign on the northwest corner, though it did not show plans for the sign to Condé Nast, the building's flagship tenant, until January 1999. Condé Nast objected to the sign, citing a clause in its 500-page lease. According to Condé Nast, the sign would block the windows of its art department and that it protruded too far from the facade. In response, Nasdaq said the sign was within the terms of its own lease and that, in any case, Condé Nast's graphic-arts department did not need natural light. The dispute was decided in an arbitration proceeding, where an arbitrator ruled in favor of Nasdaq. The display ultimately cost $37 million and started illuminating on December 28, 1999.
Nasdaq announced a partnership with Reuters in 2006, in which companies could display advertisements across both MarketSite and the Reuters Building at 3 Times Square across the street. Advertisers could choose between splitting their advertisement across the two buildings, running the same ad across both buildings, or displaying different messages on either building.
In 2018, Nasdaq signed a lease at 4 Times Square, extending the MarketSite lease while also moving the company's global headquarters to 4 Times Square. Nasdaq expanded to at 4 Times Square in May 2019.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
MarketSite page on the Nasdaq website
Times Square
MarketSite
2000 establishments in New York City
Proffitt is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Ethel Maude Proffitt Stephenson (née Ethel Maude Proffitt) (1895—1982), American lawyer
Frank Proffitt (1913–1965), Appalachian old-time banjoist and performer
Paine Proffitt (born 1972), American-born artist living in England
Stanley Proffitt (1910–1999), English cricketer
Steve Proffitt, American radio journalist
See also
Proffitt's, Department store chain based in Alcoa, Tennessee
Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP, American law firm headquartered in New York City
Ivan Megharoopan is a 2012 Malayalam biographical film written and directed by P. Balachandran. The film is based on the life of Malayalam poet P. Kunhiraman Nair and is particularly based on their autobiography, Kaviyude Kalpadukal. Prakash Bare, who is the producer of the film, also plays the protagonist K. P. Madhavan Nair.
Cast
Prakash Bare as K. P. Madhavan Nair
Padmapriya as Ammini
Shweta Menon as Maya Maheswari
Remya Nambeesan as Rajalekshmi
Jayapriya Sadanandan as Saraswathi Amma
Anumol as Thankamani
Jagathy Sreekumar as Appu Marar
Chembil Ashokan as Aanapachan Aashan
Kannur Sreelatha as Padmavathi
V. K. Sreeraman as Kallattil Padmanabha Kurup
Sunitha Nedungadi as Chinnammalu
Surabhi Lakshmi as Kousalya
Ambika Mohan as Madhavi
Sajitha Madathil as Gomathi Teacher
Thambi Antony as Swami
Production
Development
Ivan Megharoopan is P. Balachandran's debut film as a director. They have earlier written certain notable scripts including Ulladakkam, Pavithram and Punaradhivasam. Balachandran had discussed the story with filmmaker V. K. Prakash after writing Punradhivasam (which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam in 2000) for him. They suggested Prakash to direct the film but somehow the project didn't take off. In 2008, Balachandran decided to make the film on the poet, himself. "When I spoke to Prakash of my plans, they encouraged me to direct the film. And that is how Ivan Megharoopan was born. The film is not a biography of Kunhiraman Nair, It is based on the life and the soul of the great poet," Balachandran says. They add they were fascinated by the life of Kunhiraman Nair long before they wanted to make a film on it.
"It was direction that I learnt at the School of Drama in Thrissur, so I am not surprised that I have become a director. I have sometimes felt that I could have contributed a lot more to Malayalam cinema. Not that I am complaining; if I didn't do more it was because I didn't try hard," Balachandran says.
Kaviyude Kalpadukal, the autobiography of Kunhiraman Nair, is one of the foundations for the film, the director says. "But the film is not based only on that book. Ivan Megharoopan is a fictionalised version of the life of the poet," they clarify.
Casting
The audition for the casting was held at Kochi in October. The protagonist of the film is K. P. Madhavan Nair, a character which obviously reflects P. Kunhiraman Nair. Prakash Bare, who played the lead role in the award-winning feature Sufi Paranja Katha, was chosen to play Madhavan Nair. Bare also produced the film under the banner of Silicon Media. Padmapriya and Anu play the leading ladies while a few new faces play the other important female roles. Jagathy Sreekumar and Chembil Ashokan also act in notable roles.
O. N. V. Kurup and Kavalam Narayana Panicker have written the lyrics, which have been tuned by Sharreth. "No, I won't be using any of the poems of Kunhiraman Nair, but music will be important for the film," says Balachandran. Actress Remya Nambeeshan has sung a track in the film. A folk song titled "Aande Londe" is sung by the actor, who was trained in Carnatic vocal singing during their childhood days. The song is penned by Kavalam and is said to have prime importance in the film.
Filming
The filming, planned to begin on 5 November 2010, was started a week later only. Major parts were shot from Ottapalam.
Release and reception
Film released on 27 July 2012 with critics giving a positive review. Paresh C. Palicha of Rediff.com rated the film and stated that the film has soul. Sify.com gave the verdict as "good" and said that the film "succeeds in taking the viewer along with the narrative and the intriguing life of the poet has been presented in an attractive style." Veeyen of Nowrunning.com also gave a rating and said that, the film "is full of life, and the vivaciousness that pervades the narrative lets the dazzling sparkle on this character study remain right on place." The Times of India rated the film and stated that the film "is a moving, poignant account of a poet's life that gains a lot from a carefully chosen cast." Theater Balcony gave a rating and wrote: "This one is one of the best from 2012 and cannot be missed for its feel, daring narration and the splendid performances. Surly Ivan Megharoopan will haunt us for long time."
Soundtrack
The songs in the film are written by ONV Kurup and Kavalam Narayana Panikkar. It also includes a poem by "Mahakavi" P. Kunhiraman Nair, on whose life the film is based on. Ivan Megharoopan original sound track was the first Malayalam release of Universal Music Group.
Awards
Kerala State Film Awards (2011)
Second Best Film
Best Music Director (song): Sharreth
Best Editor: Vinod Sukumaran
Best Dubbing Artist (Female): Praveena
2nd South Indian International Movie Awards
Best Female Playback Singer - Remya Nambeesan for "Andalonde"
Nominated—Best Lyricist - Kavalam Narayana Panicker for "Andalonde"
Nominated—Best Debutant Director - P. Balachandran
14th John Abraham Awards
Special Jury Award
Radio Mirchi Awards
Best Songs
Best Singer - KS Chithra
References
External links
2012 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Indian biographical films
Films based on biographies
Films scored by Sharreth
Biographical films about writers
Works about poets
Films shot in Kerala
Films set in Kerala
2010s biographical films
The Tolman Skiff is a boat design of Dory heritage created by Renn Tolman of Homer, Alaska. Tolman authored two books, initially, "A Skiff For All Seasons", in 1992 and a revised version "Tolman Alaskan Skiffs", in 2003. The books described advantages of the design and construction method Stitch and glue using plywood, fiberglass cloth, and epoxy. Included in the books were drawings and designs for simple skiffs suitable for backyard, Do-it-yourself, construction.
Tolman Skiffs were designed as a basic platform suitable for the builder to modify for specific purposes such as camping, cruising, fishing or pleasure.
The Tolman skiff utilizes a design that planes readily with minimal power requirements, and has a large reserve capacity due to the hull shape, as further depression of the hull into the water increases buoyancy.
Many of these boats have been built and used around the world, garnering a reputation for being economical, seaworthy, and durable.
In addition to the designs described in the book, precision cut kits and detailed, full sized plans are commercially available. Tolman skiffs are light compared to fiberglass or aluminum boats of similar size and strength. Renn Tolman developed three different design versions of the Tolman Skiff, ranging in size from 18 to 24 feet.
Designs include:
Standard: Semi-Vee design constructed from marine plywood and epoxy/fiberglass cloth.
Widebody: Similar to the standard, but longer and wider, with 3" wide chine flats on each side of the bottom.
Jumbo: Longer and deeper than the Widebody, with 4" chine flats on each side of the bottom.
Many builders modify the basic design of the boat to suit their needs. Although not documented in the original design, some builders are known to have stretched both the Widebody and Jumbo to at least 27 feet. Many builders have voyaged far in their Tolman Skiffs. Friedhelm Würfel of Hamburg, Germany documented their 2009 tour of the Gulf of Bothnia in their book.
Renn Tolman passed on July 5, 2014.
References
External links
Official Website
Professional Boatbuilder
FishyFish Tolman Builder Site
Boats
Anna Holmlund (born 3 October 1987) is a Swedish former ski cross athlete.
Career
Holmlund won 19 World Cup races and two overall World Cups up to 2016. They came sixth at the 2010 Winter Olympics and won the bronze medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics. They won a bronze medal at the 2011 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.
During a practice run on 19 December 2016 in Innichen, Holmlund crashed and suffered head injuries with brain hemorrhages and facial fractures, including a diffuse axonal injury. Doctors put them in a medically induced coma in a hospital in Bolzano and a week later they were flown back to Sweden. In May 2017, the Swedish Ski Association announced that Holmlund had regained consciousness and had communicated with and recognised friends and family. In July 2017, they left the Danderyd hospital, where they had been treated, and returned to their hometown of Sundsvall.
In December 2017, Holmlund took their first steps since the accident. They made a return to the ski slopes in February 2018, when they took to the snow in a sit-ski for the first time. In April 2018, they made a return to competition by racing in a biski with the assistance of their brother Kalle: they won the women's class in a downhill race in Åre.
In early November 2018, Holmlund was announced as an ambassador for Stockholm's bid for the 2026 Winter Olympics.
World Cup podiums
References
External links
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
1987 births
Living people
Olympic freestyle skiers of Sweden
Swedish female freestyle skiers
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Sweden
Olympic medalists in freestyle skiing
People from Sundsvall
People with brain injuries
Sportspeople from Västernorrland County
Keliegoue is a small town and seat of the commune of Nouga in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Tuomas Rannankari (born 21 May 1991) is a Finnish professional footballer who most recently played Veikkausliiga club Ilves.
Club career
Rannankari came through the youth system at KuPS. They made their first team debut in the 2009 season, during which they played 13 league games. They also played six games and scored their first goal in the Finnish League Cup in the same season.
On 22 June 2009, they were signed by FC Twente along with KuPS teammate Petteri Pennanen. A three-year contract was agreed. For the 2010–11 season, they were given squad number 42 but did not feature in any first team games.
In December 2011, they went on trial with Greenock Morton.
In July 2012 they signed a contract for SpVgg Greuther Fürth U23 team which plays in Regionalliga (Fourth level). Rannankari played 31 matches and scored one goal but did not earn a place in Fürth's first team.
In July 2013, Rannankari went on trial with Plymouth Argyle.
After five seasons with KuPS in the Veikkausliiga, Rannankari signed a two-year contract with Ilves in November, 2017. They left the club at the end of 2018.
International career
Rannankari has gained international recognition at under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels. They played their first game for the Finland under-21s in a 2–3 defeat against the Slovakia under-21s in a March 2011 friendly match.
Rannankari made their senior national team debut on 26 May 2012 in 3−2 victory against Turkey.
References
External links
Official FC Twente youth team website
1991 births
Living people
Kuopion Palloseura players
FC Twente players
FC Ilves players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
Veikkausliiga players
Finnish footballers
Finland international footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Finnish expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
People from Kuopio
Sportspeople from North Savo
Pierino contro tutti (also known as Desirable Teacher) is a 1981 comedy film directed by Marino Girolami. The main character of the film is Pierino, an Italian variation of Little Johnny. The film was a massive success at the Italian box office, and generated a brief series of sequels (in the main part non-official sequels) including a female version of Pierino, as well as a short lived subgenre of joke-films in which the plot basically consists of a series of jokes placed side by side.
Plot
Rome: Peter (Pierino) is a precocious but mischievous boy who often plays pranks and makes jokes at school. Their enemy is their old teacher. One day Pierino pulls a dirty trick on her, making them break an arm. The substitute class teacher is a pretty girl Pierino falls in love with. However, a professor also falls in love with the beautiful teacher, and so Pierino must devise numerous jokes to save the teacher.
Cast
Alvaro Vitali: Pierino
Michela Miti: Substitute
Sophia Lombardo: Teacher Mazzacurati
Michele Gammino: Teacher Celani
Enzo Liberti: Pierino's father
Riccardo Billi: Pierino's grandfather
Deddi Savagnone: Pierino's mother
Cristina Moffa: Sabrina, Pierino's sister
Marisa Merlini: Fortune teller
Enzo Garinei: Hardware Store Customer
References
External links
1981 films
Italian comedy films
1981 comedy films
Films directed by Marino Girolami
Films scored by Berto Pisano
1980s Italian-language films
1980s Italian films
The Channel Cities Oilers were a minor league baseball team in the California League that played in 1954 and 1955. They were based in Ventura, California, and also in the neighboring resort town of Santa Barbara, California. They played their home games at Laguna Park and Babe Ruth Field in Seaside Park. Their team name reflected the off-shore oil well drilling industry in the Santa Barbara Channel that began in the 1950s and was curtailed by a catastrophic oil spill in 1969.
Notable major league players include Chuck Essegian, Al Gionfriddo, Dario Lodigiani (who managed the Ventura team in 1954) and Dave Melton. They moved to become the Reno Silver Sox midway through the 1955 season.
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Baseball teams established in 1954
Defunct California League teams
Ventura, California
Santa Barbara, California
Defunct baseball teams in California
Professional baseball teams in California
1954 establishments in California
1955 disestablishments in California
Baseball teams disestablished in 1955
The brown-breasted barbet (Lybius melanopterus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.
It is found in Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Somalia, and Tanzania.
References
brown-breasted barbet
Birds of East Africa
brown-breasted barbet
brown-breasted barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The SF LGBT Center is a nonprofit organization serving the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer community of San Francisco, California, and nearby communities, located at 1800 Market Street in San Francisco. The mission of the SF LGBT Center is "to connect the diverse LGBTQ+ community to opportunities, resources, and each other to achieve a stronger, healthier, and more equitable world for LGBTQ+ people and our allies."
Programs and Services
The Center's programs and services include:
Economic Development (including housing and financial services, employment services, and small business services)
Youth Services (including drop-in navigation, mental health services, and housing programs)
Community Programs (including information and referral program, arts and culture program, and volunteer program)
Building Services (including event rental space, computer lab, and partner organization tenants)
Operations
The agency's annual budget is approximately $4.5 million, supported by a combination of San Francisco city government grants, rental and event income, and institutional and individual donations. The Center's Executive Director Rebecca Rolfe leads a staff of about 30 staff members.
Building
Incorporated in 1996, the Center opened its solar-powered, facility in March 2002. The building includes a Victorian home built in 1894 by Carmelita Lodge Fallon (1827-1923), niece of General José Castro, one of the last Mexican governors of Alta California, as well as a modern building facing Market Street.
In 2016, the Center began a $6.5 million renovation project to expand the space available to nonprofits that lease space in the building, as well as to improve circulation in the lobby. Programs continued throughout the renovation. On April 9, 2017, the Center held a ribbon cutting ceremony and celebration to mark completion of the renovation and the 15th anniversary of the Center. The total cost of the renovation was $10 million.
See also
LGBT culture in San Francisco
List of LGBT community centers
List of San Francisco Designated Landmarks (see Landmark #223, Carmel Fallon Building)
References
External links
Official website
Carmel Fallon Building at NoeHill
LGBT culture in San Francisco
Buildings and structures in San Francisco
LGBT community centers in the United States
LGBT in California
Market Street (San Francisco)
San Francisco Designated Landmarks
Daniel H. D'Autremont (born December 28, 1950) is a Canadian provincial politician. They were a member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, representing the constituency of Cannington and its predecessor Souris-Cannington from 1991 to 2020. They served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 2011 to 2016.
They were born in Redvers, Saskatchewan, the son of Hugh and Violet D'Autremont, and grew up on the family farm about two miles east of Alida. D'Autremont studied engineering at the University of Calgary. They worked in the oil industry for a number of years before taking up farming in the Redvers area in 1977.
D'Autremont was first elected in 1991 as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party, and was one of the eight founding members of the Saskatchewan Party in 1997. With the retirement of Don Toth in 2016, D'Autremont became the longest serving member in the Saskatchewan Legislative Assembly.
D'Autremont was elected as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan on December 5, 2011, as the first order of business following the November 7, 2011 general election. They challenged Don Toth, the Speaker during the Saskatchewan Party's first term. In a secret ballot of the members of the Assembly, D'Autremont defeated Toth.
Following the 2016 general election, D'Autremont again stood for election as Speaker, but was defeated on the second ballot by Corey Tochor.
D'Autremont announced that they would not run for re-election in 2020, but would remain a MLA until then.
Election results
|-
|-
|NDP
|Henry Friesen
|align="right"|1,198
|align="right"|16.59%
|align="right"|-4.98
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,221
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|-
|NDP
|Henry Friesen
|align="right"|1,569
|align="right"|21.57%
|align="right"|+6.99
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,274
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
|-
|NDP
|Glen Lawson
|align="right"|1,104
|align="right"|14.58%
|align="right"|-9.40
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,573
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|-
| style="width: 130px" |Progressive Conservative
|Dan D'Autremont
|align="right"|3,542
|align="right"|45.63%
|align="right"|+1.20
|-
|Liberal
|Don Lees
|align="right"|2,359
|align="right"|30.39%
|align="right"|+3.33
|NDP
|Gary Lake
|align="right"|1,861
|align="right"|23.98%
|align="right"|-4.53
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,762
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
References
External links
Dan D'Autremont MLA Website
1950 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
Fransaskois people
21st-century Canadian politicians
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan
Grave goods, in archaeology and anthropology, are the items buried along with the body.
They are usually personal possessions, supplies to smooth the deceased's journey into the afterlife or offerings to the gods. Grave goods may be classed as a type of votive deposit. Most grave goods recovered by archaeologists consist of inorganic objects such as pottery and stone and metal tools but organic objects that have since decayed were also placed in ancient tombs. The grave goods were to be useful to the deceased in the afterlife; therefore their favorite foods or everyday objects were left with them. Often times social status played a role in what was left and how often it was left. Funerary art is a broad term but generally means artworks made specifically to decorate a burial place, such as miniature models of possessions including slaves or servants for "use" in the afterlife. Although, in ancient Egypt they would sometimes bury the real servants with the deceased.
Where grave goods appear, grave robbery is a potential problem. Etruscans would scratch the word śuθina, Etruscan for "from a tomb", on grave goods buried with the dead to discourage their reuse by the living. The tomb of pharaoh Tutankhamun is famous because it was one of the few Egyptian tombs that was not thoroughly looted in ancient times.
Grave goods can be regarded as a sacrifice intended for the benefit of the deceased in the afterlife. Closely related are customs of ancestor worship and offerings to the dead, in modern western culture related to All Souls' Day (Day of the Dead), in East Asia the "hell banknote" and related customs. Also closely related is the custom of retainer sacrifice, where servants or wives of a deceased chieftain are interred with the body. As the inclusion of expensive grave goods and of slaves or retainers became a sign of high status in the Bronze Age, the prohibitive cost led to the development of "fake" grave goods, where artwork meant to depict grave goods or retainers is produced for the burial and deposited in the grave in place of the actual sacrifice.
History
There are disputed claims of intentional burial of Neanderthals as old as 130,000 years. Similar claims have been made for early anatomically modern humans as old as 100,000 years. The earliest undisputed cases of burials are found in modern human sites of the Upper Palaeolithic. There is even evidence of the Egyptians burying themselves with grave goods very early in their prehistory. Examples of these grave goods included pots, combs, stone vessels, and slate palettes.
Beads made of basalt deposited in graves in the Fertile Crescent
date to the end of the Upper Paleolithic, beginning in about the 12th to 11th millennium BC.
The distribution of grave goods is a potential indicator of the social stratification of a society. Thus, early Neolithic graves tend to show equal distribution of goods, suggesting a more or less classless society, while in Chalcolithic and Bronze Age burials, rich grave goods are concentrated in "chieftain" graves (barrows), indicating social stratification.<ref>see e.g. William A. Haviland, Harald E. L. Prins, Dana Walrath, Bunny McBride, Anthropology: The Human Challenge, Cengage Learning, 2010 , p. 268.</ref> It is also possible that burial goods indicate a level of concern and consciousness in regard to an afterlife and related sense of spirituality. For example, when they buried pharaohs in ancient Egypt, they buried common household items, food, vehicles, etc. so they could have a comfortable afterlife.
Famous grave sites
The expression of social status in rich graves is taken to extremes in the royal graves of the Bronze Age. In the Theban Necropolis in Ancient Egypt, the pyramids and the royal graves in the Valley of the Kings are among the most elaborate burials in human history. This trend is continued into the Iron Age. An example of an extremely rich royal grave of the Iron Age is the Terracotta Army of Qin Shi Huang.
In the sphere of the Roman Empire, early Christian graves lack grave goods, and grave goods tend to disappear with the decline of Greco-Roman polytheism in the 5th and 6th centuries. Similarly, the presence of grave goods in the Early Middle Ages in Europe has often been taken as evidence of paganism, although during the period of conversion in Anglo-Saxon England and the Frankish Empire (7th century), the situation may be more complicated.
In the Christian Middle Ages, high-status graves are marked on the exterior, with tomb effigies or expensive tomb stones and still had certain grave goods such as accessories and textiles.
The practice of placing grave goods with the dead body has thus an uninterrupted history beginning in the Upper Paleolithic, if not the Middle Paleolithic. Many people would assume that the introduction of Christianity led to the absence of grave goods, however, there were many different Christian tombs that were shown to still have grave goods such as jewelry.
Role in archaeology
The importance of grave goods, from the simple behavioral and technical to the metaphysical, in archaeology cannot be overestimated. Because of their almost ubiquitous presence throughout the world and throughout prehistory, in many cases the excavation of every-day items placed in burials is the main source of such artifacts in a given prehistoric culture.
However, care must be taken to avoid naïve interpretation of grave goods as an objective sample of artifacts in use in a culture. Because of their ritual context, grave goods may represent a special class of artifacts, in some instances produced especially for burial.
Artwork produced for the burial itself is known as funerary art, while grave goods in the narrow sense are items produced for actual use that are placed in the grave, but in practice the two categories overlap.
Grave goods in Bronze Age and Iron Age cemeteries are a good indicator of relative social status; these wealthier graves may have included earrings, necklaces, and exotic foreign materials such as amber. Some even had the spectacular sighting of gold as their grave goods which contrasted from the less wealthy graves which were more deficient. Also,
in a 2001 study on an Iron Age cemetery in Pontecagnano Faiano, Italy, a correlation was found between the quality of grave goods and Forensic indicators on the skeletons, showing that skeletons in wealthy tombs tended to show substantially less evidence of biological stress during adulthood, with fewer broken bones or signs of hard labor.
Along with social status, grave goods also shed light on the societal norms with regards to sex. Common binary societies had women perform duties such as mothering, processing activities, cooking, etc. and men perform duties such as hunting and fighting. These societies would bury their women with jewelry and their men with axes. The Durankulak cemetery on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast had findings to match this society structure. There are societies where the roles are switched. The Sauromatian society's women were highly respected warriors. Their graves were full of weapons and horse trappings. When it was difficult to determine sex of the individual due to bone decay, the grave goods became the determining factor.
See also
Burial
Grave field
NecropolisMingqi'', the traditional Chinese burial goods
References
External links
The Earliest Beads, Treasures From the Ancient World, Museum of Ancient and Modern Art, at muma.org
Archaeological artefact types
Anthropology
Death customs
Sacrifice
Afterlife
The Tarboro Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The line runs from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, to Plymouth, North Carolina, for a total of . At its west end the line continues west from the Rocky Mount Yard and at its east end the line comes to an end.
See also
List of CSX Transportation lines
Wilmington and Weldon Railroad
References
CSX Transportation lines
North Carolina railroads
"Heaven on Earth" is a song by Australian contemporary worship band Planetshakers. It was released on October 12, 2018, as the lead single from their live album, Heaven on Earth (2018). The song was written by Joth Hunt, Samantha Evans and Andy Harrison. It appeared on the EP Heaven on Earth, Part 3.
Background
"Heaven on Earth", produced by Bryan Fowler (TobyMac, Chris Tomlin) and Micah Kuiper, was released on October 12, 2018, to streaming and digital retail platforms and added on AC and radio CHR. After adding the song to the radio it became Billboard's No. 1 most-added song on the USA Hot AC / CHR radio charts for two consecutive weeks.
Music videos
The official music video for the song was released on October 18, 2018 and has garnered over 658 thousand views as of January 2021.
Charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Christian songs
Gospel songs
Contemporary Christian songs
Songs written by Joth Hunt
Planetshakers songs
Planetshakers Ministries International singles
Zhanybek (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Zhanybek. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
Sujeewong is a rural locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Sujeewong had a population of 11 people.
Sujeewong's postcode is 4413.
Geography
The Auburn River enters the locality from the north (Eidsvold West) and exits to the south (Auburn); it is a tributary of the Burrnett River.
There are three state forests in the locality: Ballymore in the north, Sujeewong in the north-east, and Mount Auburn in the south-east.
Apart from the forests, the land use is grazing on native vegetation.
History
Auburn River State School opened on 3 February 1969. The school was mothballed on 20 February 2007 and officially closed on 5 June 2008. It was located at 11779 Auburn Road (on the south-west corner of Arndts Road, ).
In the , Sujeewong had a population of 11 people.
Economy
There are a number of homesteads in the locality:
Mount Auburn Outstation ()
Sujeewong ()
Education
There are no schools in Sujeewong nor nearby. The school options are distance education and boarding schools.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Young, Loud and Snotty is the first studio album by the American punk band Dead Boys. It was recorded and released in 1977 on Sire Records, produced by Genya Ravan. The album is the only Dead Boys album to chart, peaking at 189 on the Billboard 200 in November 1977.
The album was included at #7 on the Rolling Stone "10 Greatest Punk Rock Albums" reader poll.
Release
The album was originally released in October 1977 by Sire Records on LP, cassette and 8-track. In 1992, the album was first released on CD, and re-released on cassette, under the Sire name as part of Warner Bros. Records' Plundering the Vaults line. These releases featured a bonus track, "Not Any more/Ain't Nothin' to Do (Medley)", which was originally released on the "Tell Me" 7" in 1978.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Stiv Bators, Cheetah Chrome & Jimmy Zero; except where indicated.
"Sonic Reducer" (David Thomas, Cheetah Chrome) – 3:05
"All This and More" – 2:49
"What Love Is" – 2:08
"Not Anymore" – 3:38
"Ain't Nothin' to Do" – 2:25
"Caught with the Meat in Your Mouth" – 2:06
"Hey Little Girl" (Bob Gonzales, Don Baskin) – 3:01 (Recorded live at CBGB)
"I Need Lunch" – 3:36
"High Tension Wire" – 3:05
"Down in Flames" – 2:15
"Not Any more/Ain't Nothin' to Do" – 7:15 (bonus track on CD releases)
Cassette and 8-track
The album was re-arranged for the original cassette and 8-track releases
"Sonic Reducer"
"Not Anymore"
"All This and More"
"What Love Is"
"Ain't Nothin' to Do"
""Caught with the Meat in Your Mouth"
"Hey Little Girl"
"Down in Flames"
"I Need Lunch"
"High Tension Wire"
40th anniversary re-recording
In 2017, founding members Cheetah Chrome and Johnny Blitz reformed Dead Boys with a new lineup and re-recorded Young, Loud and Snotty. Still Snotty: Young, Loud and Snotty at 40 was released on September 8, 2017.
Personnel
Dead Boys
Stiv Bators - vocals
Cheetah Chrome - lead guitar
Jimmy Zero - rhythm guitar
Jeff Magnum - bass guitar
Johnny Blitz - drums
with:
Ronald Binder - voice on "Down in Flames"
Bob Clearmountain - bass guitar
Production
Arranged by Dead Boys
Produced by Genya Ravan
Recorded and engineered by Dave Wittman
Assistant recording engineer: Jim Galante
Mixed by Harvey Goldberg
Mastered by Ted Jensen
References
Further reading
External links
"Young, Loud and Snotty" at discogs
1977 debut albums
Dead Boys albums
Sire Records albums
Albums recorded at Electric Lady Studios
Afterlife with Archie is a comic book published by Archie Comics beginning in 2013, depicting a zombie apocalypse that begins in the town of Riverdale in an alternative reality. It is written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa,<ref name=Fangoria>‘Afterlife With Archie': The Walking Jughead? The art of bringing zombies to Riverdale High, by David Betancourt, at The Washington Post'; published January 7, 2014; retrieved April 5, 2014</ref> with art by Francesco Francavilla, and is inspired by a zombie-themed variant cover which Francavilla did for an issue of Life with Archie.
The comic is Archie Comics' first title to be sold only on the direct market (that is, in comic shops), as opposed to on newsstands; it is also the company's first title not to be aimed at children and is rated "TEEN+", as it includes content and subject matter never explored in any previous Archie title, including extensive realistic violence, some gore, necrotic themes, disturbing scenes, and moderate language. The comic was conceived not long after Archie Comics officially dropped the Comics Code Authority standard from their entire line-up in 2011.
Issue #8 was the first to feature the company's Archie Horror logo. The Archie Horror imprint also publishes four other series: Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, Jughead: The Hunger, Vampironica, and Blossoms 666. The titles share several characters, but they are not directly related to each other.
Story arcs
Volume 1: Escape from Riverdale (Issues #1–5)
After a car driven by Reggie kills Hot Dog, Jughead asks Sabrina to bring their beloved pet back to life. They do, but with terrible consequences: Hot Dog becomes a zombie, and bites Jughead, who subsequently becomes a zombie and spreads the contagion.
Volume 2: Betty: R.I.P. (Issues #6–10)
Weeks after Archie and their friends left Riverdale, they are now following along the deserted highways of America trying to stay one step ahead of the growing horde of zombies that were once their friends and family.
This volume was expected to consist of 7 issues (issues #6-#12). The comic has not had any issues release since issue #10 on August 31st, 2016. While cover art does exist for issues #11 and #12, they have never been published in single issues or collected editions.
List of charactersArchie Andrews is Fred and Mary's son and the fiancé of Betty Cooper.  They are the main protagonist of the series. As one of the refugee leaders, they try to hang onto their idealism and humanity, which habitually puts them at odds with Hiram Lodge.Mary Andrews is the mother of Archie and the wife of the late Fred Andrews.  They are currently in a state of shock due to Archie being forced to beat their father to death to save her.Jughead Jones is Archie's best friend and Patient Zero of the zombie outbreak. After being bitten by the zombified Hot Dog, they hid their infection until it was too late and ultimately became the leader of the hordes of Riverdale zombies. Their spirit, separated from their body after succumbing, is left to wander until they find Archie's group (though only Archie can see and hear him), ultimately deciding to travel with them and becoming the third protagonist alongside Archie and Hiram. Since being rendered a spirit, Jughead has also stopped holding their tongue, openly stating various things they were not comfortable saying before.Hiram Lodge is the father of Veronica and the second protagonist of the series.  They are a widower, as their wife Hermione has died some time before the series' beginning due to poor health and their sorrow at Hiram's continued adultery. Their mansion serves as the Archie gang's refuge at the beginning of the outbreak, until Jughead leads the Riverdale zombies to it, forcing an evacuation.  They are at odds with Archie throughout the series as the two do not hold the same views concerning the zombie outbreak.Veronica Lodge is the daughter of Hiram and the late Hermione Lodge. They were once caught up in a romantic love triangle with Archie and Betty, but they have ultimately been rejected due to the engagement of the two. Hubert Smithers is the former butler of the Lodge Mansion who still remains loyal to the Lodge family despite the circumstances they face now.Betty Cooper is the daughter of the late Hal and Alice Cooper and the fiancée to Archie Andrews. They have a turbulent relationship with an older sister named Polly. Polly's whereabouts are currently unknown. Reggie Mantle is the son to the late Ricky and Vicky Mantle and the catalyst for the zombie outbreak. After being beaten up by Moose Mason over Midge, Reggie deliberately runs over Jughead Jones' dog, Hot Dog, who, after being brought back to life, starts the zombie apocalypse. They slowly begin to go mad due to the overwhelming guilt they feel, and becomes desperate to set things right by any means necessary. When they attempt to sacrifice themselves to the zombies, Sabrina appears and tells them that they can bring Midge back to life if they kill Betty, which they agree to do.Kevin Keller is the openly gay classmate of Archie and the gang.  They are a skilled archer and has received military training from their late father.Chuck Clayton is the son of the late Coach Clayton, the former gym teacher of Riverdale High.  They are in a relationship with Nancy Woods though they are oblivious to the fact that they are in a secret relationship with Ginger Lopez. Dilton Doiley is the smartest of the survivors and has a vast knowledge of horror movies. Nancy Woods is the girlfriend of Chuck Clayton who is also in a secret relationship with Ginger Lopez.  They are scared to come out as being gay, having doubts that everyone will accept them due to being a black lesbian in an interracial relationship.Ginger Lopez is a feisty Latina who is in a secret romance with Nancy Woods.  They are shown to be a skilled archer just like Kevin Keller.Cheryl "Blaze" Blossom is the twin sister of the late Jason Blossom and the daughter of wealthy business person Clifford Blossom and their wife Penelope. It is alluded to throughout the series that they and their twin brother were engaged in an incestuous relationship which they were unwilling to continue. They eventually kill their brother when they refused to let them go, but is allowed to stay after Archie chooses for them to stay after breaking a split vote and after they confide their secret to the other females of the group. Sabrina Spellman is a witch and the niece of the Witches of Greendale. They help Jughead bring Hot Dog back to life and because of these actions they are banished to the Nether-Realm. In issue 6, it is later shown that they have been taken to an institute. After figuring out the true meanings behind the institute, they are tied up as a sacrifice and offered to Cthulhu as their bride. Additionally, Sabrina's aunts Hilda and Zelda, their cat Salem, and boyfriend Harvey Kinkle have all appeared in the series.Josie and the Pussycats''' made a cameo appearance in issue #7, while #10 dealt with their origin story all the way up to the beginning of the series. This incarnation of the band are vampiresses who change their identities every decade.
Some of the characters who are either deceased or part of the zombie horde include Hot Dog, Jughead Jones (classified as Patient Zero), Principal Weatherbee, Ms. Grundy, Ethel Muggs, Terry “Pop” Tate, Coach Kleates, Fred Andrews, Archie's dog Vegas, Mayor Martinez, Forsythe and Gladys Jones, Moose Mason, Midge Klump and Jason Blossom. In issue #8 it was revealed that the souls of the dead citizens of Riverdale still roam the Earth as ghosts while their bodies are zombified, implying some greater force - who turns out to be Cthulhu - is controlling their corpses.
Some other characters who have died before the events of the series include Hermione Lodge, Jellybean Jones, Cheryl's dog Sugar, and General Keller.
Reception
The first eight issues sold out. In reviewing the first issue, Lonnie Nadler of Bloody Disgusting wrote, "With its balance of real dread and sugary teen drama, Afterlife with Archie captures the spirit of the best horror flicks of the late 70s." The Plain Dealer's Michael Sangiacomo described the series as "brilliant" as well as "fascinating and wonderful." Jody Arlington at NPR called it "terrific" and a "masterpiece" that is "actually scary." Writing for Salon, Mark Peters said that "If this were a list of the best comics of [2013] rather than the best superhero comics, I'd probably put Afterlife with Archie at the top."
Archie Comics CEO Jon Goldwater has said that their father, the late John L. Goldwater, would have been "shocked by Afterlife'' (...) but shocked in a great way" regarding the modern incarnations of characters and stories.
Jack Morelli won the 2015 Harvey Award for Best Letterer for their work on the series.
Collected editions
Trade paperbacks
References
Comics magazines published in the United States
Archie Comics titles
Horror comics
Zombies in comics
2013 comics debuts
Magazines established in 2013
Earnside Castle was a 15th-century castle, about north-east of Forres, Moray, Scotland, and north of Alves Wood.
It may be known as Ernside Castle.
The Cumyns of Altyr built the castle around 1450. There is no longer any significant trace of the castle. However, a large oblong cropmark, with some small oblongs in it, is visible and may be associated with it.
See also
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in Scotland
References
Castles in Moray
Listed castles in Scotland
Ruined castles in Scotland
The National Defence Army is a militant organisation in Nepal which seeks to restore the Nepalese monarchy which was abolished in 2008.
Activities
The group has claimed credit for two attacks in Nepal:
2007, July: killing of a missionary in eastern Nepal.
2008, May: bombing of the Christian Church of the Assumption in Lalitpur - two people were killed and a dozen injured.
Sources
Blast rips through Nepal church, Al Jazeera.net. Saturday, May 23, 2009.
References
Rebel groups in Nepal
Terrorism in Nepal
Monarchist organizations
Monarchism in Nepal
2008 establishments in Nepal
Sander Raieste (born 31 March 1999) is an Estonian professional basketball player for Kirolbet Baskonia of the Spanish Liga ACB and the EuroLeague. Standing at 2.04 m (6ft 8 in), they play at the small forward position.
Professional career
Raieste began playing basketball with Viimsi and Audentes.
On 12 August 2016, Raieste signed a five-year contract with Baskonia. They were loaned to Kalev/Cramo in the 2019-20 season, averaging 5.9 points and 3.3 rebounds per game. Raieste signed a four-year extension with Baskonia on 4 August 2020.
National team career
Raieste made their debut for the Estonian national team on 29 June 2018, in a 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualifier against Great Britain, scoring 5 points in a 65–74 away defeat.
Career statistics
Domestic leagues
References
External links
Sander Raieste at basket.ee
Sander Raieste at fiba.com
1999 births
Living people
BC Kalev/Cramo players
Estonian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Estonian men's basketball players
Korvpalli Meistriliiga players
Liga ACB players
Saski Baskonia players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Tallinn
All of My Mind is the first album of Japanese singer Kōji Wada. The album was released on December 5, 2001 through King Records.
Track listing
2001 debut albums
King Records (Japan) albums
Jia Qianqian (born 27 June 1987) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in F37 classification throwing events.
Jia first represented their country at a Paralympic Games in 2008 in Beijing, entering the shot put, javelin throw and discus throw events. Success was to follow at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where they won their first Paralympic medal; a silver in the F37/38 javelin, recording a distance of 31.62 metres. As well as their Paralympic success Jia has won medals at the World Championships winning a silver in the Javelin in 2011 Games in Christchurch and a bronze, again in the javelin, at the 2015 Games in Doha.
Personal history
Jia was born in Zibo, China in 1987. They were born with an impairment to their right arm, and has cerebral palsy. They live is Zibo and works as a doctor.
Notes
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for China
Living people
1987 births
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Chinese female discus throwers
Chinese female javelin throwers
Chinese female shot putters
Sportspeople from Zibo
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Sport Vereninging Eendracht Utrecht (in English: Utrecht Concord Sports Club), also known as SVE Utrecht or Eendracht Utrecht, was a Dutch basketball club from Utrecht.
History
Eendracht Utrecht was the first basketball club outside the city of Amsterdam, to win the Eredivisie the 1966-1967 season. The next season the club took part in the FIBA European Champions Cup where it played in the first round against the defending champions Real Madrid and eliminated with two easy defeats.
Honours
Dutch League
Winners (1): 1966-67
Dutch Cup
Winners (1): 1967-68
European record
References
Defunct basketball teams in the Netherlands
Sports clubs in Utrecht (city)
Sergei Sergeyevich Gurchenkov (; born 1 May 1983) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1999 for FC Spartak-d Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 2000.
References
1983 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo players
Russian Premier League players
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
Prince George was launched in 1789 on the River Thames as a West Indiaman. They were transport for the British 1795–1796 expedition to the Caribbean. They later traded between Scotland and Russia, and Scotland and Quebec. They were last listed in 1857, for a nominal service life of 68 years.
Career
Prince George first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in 1789 with John Bailey, master, Fryer & Co., owner, changing to Trecothic & Co., owner, and trade London–Jamaica.
In late 1795 Admiral Hugh Cloberry Christian hoisted their flag aboard the 98-gun and assembled their squadron and the transports, numbering over two hundred merchantmen carrying 16,000 men, and making up the largest troop convoy to leave England to that date. One of the merchant vessels in the fleet was Prince George, Bailey, master.
The expedition sailed on 6 October, 16 November, and 9 December, but each time weather forced the vessels to put back. The fleet finally successfully sailed on 20 March to invade St Lucia, with troops under Lieutenant-General Sir Ralph Abercromby. St Lucia surrendered to the British on 25 May. The British went on to capture Saint Vincent and Grenada.
In 1806 Rutherford sold Prince George to purchase a new , though the present Prince George still also appeared in the 1806 issue J.Bailey, master, Rutherford, owner, and trade London–Jamaica. The 1807 volume showed the present Prince George with a new master, Pizzie, and owner, Boyman & Co., though still in the London–Jamaica trade.
Prince George disappeared from the 1814 and 1815 volumes of Lloyd's Register and from the 1815 Register of Shipping (RS). They reappeared in subsequent volumes.
Fate
Prince George was last listed in 1857 with information unchanged since 1855.
Citations
1789 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Mario Delaš (born January 16, 1990) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Gipuzkoa in the Spanish second-tier LEB Oro.  They are a 2.07 m (6'9 ") tall power forward / center.
Professional career
Mario Delaš made their professional debut in KK Split, during the 2006–07 season. In January 2010, they signed a contract with BC Žalgiris for the next three-and-half seasons. During the 2010–11 season, they were loaned to KK Cibona and BC Šiauliai. They spent most of the 2011–12 season on loan in the Žalgiris subsidiary BC Baltai, returning to the Žalgiris team in March 2013. They signed with Obradoiro CAB in the summer of 2013. On June 30, 2014, they signed a multi-year deal with Cedevita Zagreb. In the first days of 2016, after spending the first half of the 2015–16 season in Cedevita, without playing a single minute, they moved to the Estonian side Kalev/Cramo for the rest of the season. On September 19, 2016, they signed with the Italian Serie A club Orlandina Basket. On February 14, 2018, they parted ways with Orlandina. Two days later, they signed with Pallacanestro Varese for the remainder of the season.
In December, 2019 Delaš returned to Split of the Croatian League. After spending a month and playing only four games for Split, in January 2020, Delaš moved to XL Extralight Montegranaro of the Italian second-tier Serie A2.
On January 11, 2021, Delaš signed with GTK Gliwice of the PLK.
In August, 2021, Delaš signed with Gipuzkoa of the Spanish second-tier LEB Oro.
National team career
Delaš represented their country's junior national teams in Under-16, Under-18, Under-19 and Under-20 competitions, winning bronze medals at the 2008 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and at the 2009 FIBA Under-19 World Cup. They were selected to the All-Tournament Teams of both championships, and also won the MVP award in the latter tournament, averaging 20 points per game. Their first call-up to the senior men's Croatian national basketball team came in 2013. They were a part of the Croatian team that took 4th place at the 2013 EuroBasket, where they played only a minor role in their team's success.
Personal life
 They are the younger brother of Ante Delaš, who is also a professional basketball player, and with whom they played with in Split, Cedevita and the Croatian national basketball team.
References
External links
Mario Delaš at aba-liga.com
Mario Delaš at acb.com
Mario Delaš at euroleague.net
Mario Delaš at fibaeurope.com
Mario Delaš at hks-cbf.hr
Mario Delaš at realGM
1990 births
Living people
ABA League players
BC Kalev/Cramo players
BC Körmend players
BC Šiauliai players
BC Žalgiris players
Centers (basketball)
Croatian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Croatian men's basketball players
Expatriate basketball people in Estonia
KK Cedevita players
KK Cibona players
KK Split players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Liga ACB players
LSU-Atletas basketball players
Obradoiro CAB players
Orlandina Basket players
Pallacanestro Varese players
Power forwards (basketball)
GTK Gliwice players
Hacılar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The Shared National Credit Program is a review of large syndicated bank loans in the United States conducted by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The review covers all loans of $100 million or greater that are shared by three or more institutions. The review is annually beginning in 1977, and typically starts in March with results published around the beginning of the third quarter.
References
External links
Shared National Credit Program
Shared National Credits Program 2009 Review
Bank regulation in the United States
Guilbaut Colas (born 18 June 1983) is a French Mogul skier who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics and has seven World Cup victories. Born in Échirolles, Colas competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Men's Moguls. Although they had the best time their "air score" was not as good and they finished sixth overall.
References
1983 births
Living people
People from Échirolles
French male freestyle skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of France
Freestyle skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Isère
The Brilliant Idiots is a weekly podcast based in New York City offered by the Loud Speakers Network on iTunes, SoundCloud and streaming service iHeart Radio. featuring media personality Charlamagne Tha God and comedian Andrew Schulz.
History
The first episode was released in April 2014. The podcast was first developed through Charlamagne tha God and Schulz working together on MTV2's Guy Code. It was created as a way for the two to express comedic uncensored opinions and views that they usually cannot express working for Viacom and iHeart Radio, respectively.
Format
The show features Schulz and Charlamagne discussing current events, including entertainment news, race relations in America, sex, relationships, and politics. The show is filmed in a studio by AlexxMedia and clips are uploaded to YouTube. They sometimes have a segment called "Ask An Idiot" where they answer questions provided by listeners through email. This has now mostly been left to live shows only.
They are often joined in the studio by Charlamagne's best friend and bodyguard Wax, who has become a fan favorite.
Race
One of the recurring topics of the podcast deals with the ideas of white privilege in race relations in America, with the two hosts discussing and analyzing it with many guests.
Live shows
The show has gone around the world performing live shows from New York City to London, England where they interact with fans, and have the "Ask An Idiot" segment.
Guests
The show has had a wide range of guests including Daymond John, Claudia Jordan, Tahiry Jose, Melyssa Ford, fellow Guy Code co-stars Timothy DeLaGhetto, Lil Duval, and SNL cast member, Pete Davidson along with others.
References
External links
Comedy and humor podcasts
Audio podcasts
2014 podcast debuts
American podcasts
Vladimir Egorovich Yakovlev (, born March 8, 1959) is a founder and an editor-in-chief of the Kommersant Newspaper, the first Russian daily business-oriented newspaper.  They are a former CEO and owner of Kommersant Publishing house.
Biography
Early life and career
Vladimir was born into the family of the famous Soviet journalist Yegor Vladimirovich Yakovlev.
They graduated from the International Division of the School of Journalism of Lomonosov Moscow State University.
Yakovlev was placed on a job in the Newspaper Soviet Russia. They then went on to work in the Magazine Rabotnitsa, the Sobesednik Weekly. Up to 1988 Yakovlev was a correspondent of Ogoniok Magazine.
Since June 15, 1988 Yakovlev was a founder and a president of Fakt informational cooperative society (it was created in cooperation with Gleb Pavlovsky). Originally, the organization was created in the format of an information and reference service in order to “provide its potential readers – members of the booming cooperative movement – with facts: contact details, references, texts of regulatory acts and documents”.
In 1989 at the suggestion of the vice-president of Fakt, the USSR cooperators' union, Artem Tarasov Yakovlev together with Gleb Pavlovsky started an independent news agency and newspaper Kommersant. The pilot issue of the weekly newspaper was in December 1989.
From 1989 up to 1999 Yakovlev was the owner and editor-in-chief of Kommersant Newspaper, which was the basis of the homonymous publishing house. Since 1992 Yakovlev, being the majority shareholder, took up a post as CEO of Kommersant Joint-Stock Company (up to 1992 Vladimir was the editor-in-chief of the newspaper).
Simultaneously, Yakovlev was engaged in various projects such as Domovoy Magazine, together with V. D. Drannikov, a famous journalist, but none became as famous as Kommersant.
In 1999 the majority of shares of Kommersant publishing house were purchased by Boris Berezovsky and Badri Patarkatsishvili through the American Capital Group. Kommersant Newspaper, Dengi, Vlast, Ogoniok, Autopilot, Sekret Firmy, Weekend, Citizen K. Magazines, Kommersant FM Radio station and Kommersant TV Channel were among the assets of the publishing group.
After Kommersant
In 2007 Yakovlev became the CEO of Stream Continent Company, which was a content agency for cable television (an affiliate of Sistema Analytical finance company, currently Stream Channel Joint-Stock Company).
Since 2007 Yakovlev was a member of the board of directors of Sistemy mass media, an affiliate of Sistema Analytical finance company, and in the same year they founded Content bureau.
In 2008 together with Mikhail Prokhorov they created Zhivi! Media group. The goal of the company was “launching and managing innovative media projects”. Vladimir Yakovlev's Content bureau LLC was a parent company, while ONEXIM company had 90% of the shares. The main projects of the company was Zhivi! (a project promoting a healthy lifestyle), including a homonymous channel, web-site and club; F5 (a newspaper and a web-site), Russian Pioneer Magazine and Snob Magazine (a project invented by Yakovlev). In 2009-2010 Snob expanded to the UK and USA with availability via Barnes & Noble and regional hubs. Prokhorov invested $150 million in the launch of the magazine and website targeting highly paid professionals.
At the end of 2011, Yakovlev stepped down as an editor-in-chief of the Snob project and president of the Zhivi! Media group. Nikolai Uskov (Russian GQ) became the head of the company.
In 2010, Yakovlev signed an open letter to the President of the Russian Federation asking for the quickest solving of crimes against journalists. Editors-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta, Forbes.ru, Russkiy Reporter and others also signed the open letter.
In 2011, Yakovlev officially came down on the side of journalist Maxim Kovalskiy. According to Yakovlev, the journalist was fired for writing an article “which the government wouldn't have liked”.
In May 2012, Yakovlev started a new project called The age of happiness. It is dedicated to active ageing and is bilingual (Russian/English)
Legacy
Yakovlev is thought to be the author of New Russians and Global Russians clichés.
Yakovlev is one of the Perestroika publicists who created the "Russian newspeak" of the 90's:
«This new generation – mostly the children of the men of the 60's such as Vladimir Yakovlev, Artyom Borovik, Dmitry Lihanov, Yevgeny Dodolev, Alexander Lyubimov – are already taking their course. Being those of the gilded youth, having been brought up in huge apartments or having spent their childhood abroad, having graduated from the international division of the School of Journalism of Moscow State University, they now make a difference on the television and mass media. The perfect takeoff and innate lack of fear allows them to remove taboos and visit all the hot spots where no Soviet journalist had been before»
Awards
Yakovlev received a letter of acknowledgment from the President of the Russian Federation on June 25, 1996, for active involvement of organization and conducting of the election company of the President of the Russian Federation in 1996.
 They are nominated man of the year in Journalism according to the Federation of Jewish Communities of Russia.
References
Russian journalists
Russian political activists
Russian newspaper publishers (people)
Writers from Moscow
Russian mass media owners
1959 births
Living people
Alkiviadis 'Alkis' Markopouliotis (; born 13 August 1996) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back.
References
1996 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
AEK Athens F.C. players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Athens
Dolichopetalum is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1973. It contains only one known species, Dolichopetalum kwangsiense, endemic to China, known from the Provinces of Guangxi, Guizhou, and Yunnan.
References
Asclepiadoideae
Endemic flora of China
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Billy Joe Green is an Anishinaabe rock and blues musician from Canada.  They are most noted as a three-time Juno Award nominee for Indigenous Music Album of the Year, receiving nominations at the Juno Awards of 2002 for My Ojibway Experience: Strength & Hope, at the Juno Awards of 2006 for Muskrat Blues and Rock & Roll and at the Juno Awards of 2009 for First Law of the Land.
Green, a member of the Lac Seul First Nation from Kejick Bay, was the son of David Green, a country musician. A survivor of the Indian residential school system, they turned to music as an outlet for healing. They launched their own musical career in the late 1960s with the band The Feathermen, although they did not record an album until Roughin' It in 1996. They have since released eight further CDs.
Green has also won two Indigenous Music Awards, and a Western Canadian Music Award.
Discography
Roughin' It (1996)
My Ojibway Experience: Strength & Hope (2000)
Muskrat Blues and Rock & Roll (2004)
The Best of Billy Joe Green (2008)
First Law of the Land (2008)
String Twister: Billy Joe Green Hits & Misses (2010)
Swingin' Tomahawk (2013)
Fender Bender (2017)
The Feathermen Family: Keeping The Circle Strong, Vol. One (2019)
References
20th-century Canadian guitarists
20th-century Canadian male singers
20th-century First Nations people
21st-century Canadian guitarists
21st-century First Nations people
Canadian blues singers
Canadian rock singers
Canadian blues guitarists
Canadian rock guitarists
First Nations musicians
Musicians from Ontario
People from Kenora District
Ojibwe people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Canadian male singers
An intermediate cartridge is a rifle/carbine cartridge that has significantly greater power than a pistol cartridge but still has a reduced muzzle energy compared to fully powered cartridges (such as the .303 British, 7.62×54mmR, 7.92×57mm Mauser, 7.7×58mm Arisaka, .30-06 Springfield, or 7.62×51mm NATO), and therefore is regarded as being "intermediate" between traditional rifle and handgun calibers.
As their recoil is significantly reduced compared to full-power cartridges, fully automatic rifles firing intermediate cartridges are relatively easy to control. However, even though they are less powerful than a traditional full-power cartridge, the external ballistics are still sufficient for an effective range of , which covers most typical infantry engagement situations in modern warfare. This allowed for the development of the assault rifle, a type of versatile selective fire small arms that is lighter and more compact than traditional battle rifles that fire full-power cartridges.
Early intermediate cartridges to see service were the German 7.92×33mm Kurz used in the StG 44 and the .30 Carbine used in the American M2 select fire carbine during the late years and closing days of World War II.
With the data collected during World War II and the Korean War, the benefits of intermediate cartridges became apparent. This resulted in the development of "modern" cartridges such as the Soviet 7.62×39mm M43 (used in the SKS and AK-47 rifles) and 5.45×39mm M74 (used in the AK-74, which replaced the AK-47), the Belgian SS109 / 5.56×45mm NATO (used in most AR-15 Systems), and the Chinese 5.8×42mm (used in the QBZ-95 family of rifles).
History
High power rounds
The late 19th and early 20th century saw the introduction of smokeless powder cartridges with small caliber jacketed spitzer bullets that extended the effective range of fire beyond the limitations of the open rifle sights. The Maxim gun, the world's first machine gun, was devised in 1885, and a year later, the Lebel Model 1886 rifle had the distinction of being the world's first smokeless powder bolt-action rifle.
In the years leading up to World War I, the Lebel set an international example, and smokeless powder high power service cartridges and service rifles began to be produced by all the world's great powers. This included, but was not limited to, the German Gewehr 98, the British Lee–Enfield, the Russian Mosin–Nagant, and the American M1903 Springfield. These rifles weighed over , and they were longer than and as such were generally inappropriate for close combat. They fired cartridges and featured iron sight lines designed in an age when military doctrine expected rifle shots at ranges out to over for simultaneous fire at distant area targets like ranks of enemies, but typical combat ranges were much shorter, around , rarely exceeding .
Overpowered
During World War II, to improve close combat ability, some semi-automatic rifles were created, such as the American M1 Garand, Soviet SVT-40 and the German Gewehr 43. These semi-automatic rifles offered a significant advantage in firepower and shot-to-shot recovery time over enemy infantrymen armed primarily with similar chambered bolt-action rifles. For close quarter combat, a more common solution was the submachine gun. Weapons such as the Soviet PPSh-41 and PPS-43, US Thompson, British Sten and the German MP-40 had fully automatic fire, and were still easily controllable due to the fact they used pistol cartridges. These submachine guns could provide high rates of controllable fire, but they lacked the stopping power and longer effective range of the battle rifles.
In 1951, the US military published a study on the M1 Garand's fire rate; a trained soldier averaged 40–50 accurate shots per minute at a range of . "At ranges over , a battlefield target is hard for the average rifleman to hit. Therefore, is considered the maximum effective range, even though the rifle is accurate at much greater ranges".
Lighter rounds
Though technically a full-powered cartridge, the first one to fulfil this requirement may have been the Japanese 6.5×50mm Arisaka used by the Russian Fedorov Avtomat rifle, used in limited numbers from 1915 to 1917 (the cartridge itself dates back to 1897). The Fedorov was arguably the first assault rifle.
This led to a series of early attempts to produce a lower-powered round using existing calibers. Examples include the US .30 Carbine cartridge for the M1 Carbine and the German 7.92×33mm Kurz, a shortened version of the standard 7.92×57mm Mauser round used in the StG-44, which is more commonly considered to be the first assault rifle. The Soviets developed a similar round, the 7.62×39mm, for the SKS but far better known as the round for the post-war AK-47.
Post-war developments
These earlier examples were generally developed with the goal being ease of development and logistics, and lacked any rigorous study of their performance. In the immediate post-war era, the British Army began such a study with an eye to replacing their pre-World War I .303 British. The .303 had been slated for replacement repeatedly, but a series of events kept it in service decades longer than expected. Their studies led to a new purpose-designed intermediate round, the .280 British, along with new weapons to fire it. The round attracted significant interest among other UK-oriented forces, but during NATO standardization effort the US was dead-set against any reduction in power. The British EM-2 bullpup rifle used an intermediate round, and was issued in limited numbers in the 1950s but the 7.62×51mm NATO was selected and it was removed from service.
In practice, the 7.62×51mm NATO was found to be too powerful for select-fire weapons, as the British testing had warned. When the US entered the Vietnam War they were armed with the semi-automatic M14 rifle while facing increasing numbers of full-automatic AK-47s. Demands for a select-fire weapon were constant but the Army was slow to respond. An ARPA program cleared the way for small numbers of a new and much smaller round, the .223 Remington, to be introduced to combat by special forces. Field reports were extremely favorable, leading to the introduction of the M16 rifle.
Since that time, there has been a worldwide move to rounds of roughly the same performance as the .223 Remington. The Soviets introduced their 5.45×39mm in 1974, another round of NATO standardization led to the improved .223 5.56×45mm NATO in 1980, and the Chinese 5.8×42mm in 1987. These intermediate cartridges allow a soldier to carry more ammunition for the same weight compared to their larger and heavier predecessor cartridges, have favourable maximum point-blank range or "battle zero" characteristics and produce relatively low bolt thrust and free recoil impulse, favouring light weight arms design and automatic fire accuracy.
Universal service cartridge
Some militaries have considered adoption of a 'universal service cartridge' – a replacement of small caliber, high velocity intermediate cartridges and full-power cartridges with a cartridge at the larger end of the intermediate cartridge spectrum, well suited for both assault rifle and general purpose machine gun use in the 6mm caliber to 7mm caliber caliber range, with external and terminal ballistic performance close or equal to the 7.62×51mm NATO and 7.62×54mmR full-power cartridges. The .280 British (7×43mm) and Czech 7.62×45mm were early attempts to create universal service cartridges. The US Army conducted testing of telescoped ammunition, polymer-cased ammunition and caseless ammunition for future service cartridges. The viability of a universal service cartridge has been criticised, and as of 2020, no intermediate cartridge has been replaced.
A current (2022) candidate universal cartridge is the 6.8×51mm Common Cartridge, selected by the US Next Generation Squad Weapon Program. This cartridge has a muzzle energy even higher than 7.62×51mm NATO.
Characteristics
Typical intermediate cartridges have:
Bottlenecked, rimless cartridge
According to the official C.I.P. (Commission Internationale Permanente pour l'Epreuve des Armes à Feu Portatives) and NATO EPVAT rulings the maximum service pressures range between Pmax piezo pressure
Muzzle energies ranging between
Muzzle velocities ranging between
Relatively low Oratios ranging between 2.87 and 7.99
List of intermediate cartridges
Service cartridges
Service cartridges are cartridges the service rifles of armies were or are chambered for.
5.45×39mm cartridge of the AK-74 assault rifle
5.56×45mm NATO (.223 Remington) of the M16 assault rifle and M4 carbine
5.8×42mm cartridge of the QBZ-95 assault rifle
.30 Carbine (7.62×33mm) cartridge of the US M2 select fire carbine and M1 semi-automatic carbine
7.62×39mm cartridge of the AK-47 assault rifle and SKS semi-automatic carbine
7.62×45mm cartridge of the vz. 52 semi-automatic rifle
7.92×33mm Kurz cartridge of the StG 44 assault rifle
Prototype cartridges
4.85×49mm cartridge of the experimental Enfield IW assault rifle
6×45mm SAW cartridge of the experimental Rodman Laboratories XM235 light machine gun, a project which terminated in the M249
6.5×39mm cartridge based on the 7.62×39mm of variants of the AR-15 and Zastava M70 assault rifles
6.8mm Remington SPC (6.8×43mm) cartridge of the limited service LWRC M6 assault rifle
.280 British (7×43mm) cartridge of experimental weapons and the briefly in service EM-2 assault rifle
7.5×38mm Swiss trials Cartridge Stgw Patrone 47
7.5×38mm chambered for the CEAM Modèle 1950 rifle and experimental French variant of StG 45(M) rifle
7.65×33mm Argentine variant of German 7.92×33mm cartridge for use in Argentine copy of German Sturmgewehr 44 assault rifle
7.65×35mm chambered in CEAM Modèle 1950 and experimental French variant of the StG 45(M) rifle
7.75×39mm GeCo the first intermediate round ever made, German experiment
12.7×55mm STs-130 subsonic cartridge of the limited service ShAK-12 assault/battle rifle
See also
List of assault rifles
Table of handgun and rifle cartridges
Fully powered cartridge
References
External links
Assault Rifles and their Ammunition: History and Perspectives
Cartridge families
In enzymology, a glutamate-1-semialdehyde 2,1-aminomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-glutamate 1-semialdehyde 5-aminolevulinate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-glutamate-1-semialdehyde, and one product, 5-aminolevulinate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring amino groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (S)-4-amino-5-oxopentanoate 4,5-aminomutase. This enzyme is also called glutamate-1-semialdehyde aminotransferase. This enzyme participates in porphyrin and chlorophyll biosynthesis. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 10 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.4.3
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
Polisportiva Alghero was an Italian association football club located in Alghero, Sardinia. Its colours were red and yellow.
In the 2007–08 season of Serie D, Alghero finished 4th in Girone G, qualifying it for the promotional play-offs. As a playoff semi-finalist, the team won special promotion to Serie C2, now called Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, as one of the 5 top teams in the promotional play-offs.
In the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione 2008-09 season, the team finished tied with Montichiari for 13th position in Girone A, but avoided playing in the relegation play-offs by having the better head-to-head record.
Following bankruptcy in 2010, Alghero subsequently folded.
Honours
Eccellenza Sardinia: 2003–04
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1945
Association football clubs disestablished in 2010
Football clubs in Sardinia
Serie C clubs
1945 establishments in Italy
2010 disestablishments in Italy
Alghero
Submyotodon is a genus of vespertilionid bats, published as a new taxon in 2003 to describe a Miocene fossil species. Extant species and subspecies previously included in Myotis were later transferred to this genus. Species in this genus are referred to as broad-muzzled bats or broad-muzzled myotises.
Taxonomy and etymology
Submyotodon was described as a new genus of bat in 2003, based on fossil specimens found near Eichstätt, Germany.
The type species is Submyotodon petersbuchensis.
The genus name Submyotodon is from the Latin prefix ('under' or 'close to'), + the Greek roots (, 'mouse') + (, , 'ear') + (, , 'tooth'). This refers to the fact that its molars are similar to those of the mouse-eared bats, e.g. "myotodont" molars.
Myotodont molars are characterized by a postcristid (enamel ridge linking the hypoconid and hypoconulid) that links to the entoconid (inner posterior cusp of a molar).
Submyotodon is the second extant genus included in the subfamily Myotinae. Before the description of Submyotodon and analysis of its phylogenetics, the only member of Myotinae was the genus Myotis.
Species
Extant
Submyotodon caliginosus (Tomes, 1859) - Himalayan broad-muzzled bat
Submyotodon latirostris (Kishida, 1932) - Taiwan broad-muzzled bat
Submyotodon moupinensis (Milne-Edwards, 1872) - Moupin broad-muzzled bat
Fossil
Submyotodon petersbuchensis Ziegler, 2003
Range
The extinct S. petersbuchensis was discovered in Germany.
The three extant species are found in Asia, including Taiwan, India, and China.
References
Submyotodon
Bat genera
Extant Miocene first appearances
Rob Hiaasen (February 9, 1959 – June 28, 2018) was an American journalist and assistant editor at The Capital, a newspaper published in Annapolis, Maryland. They also taught at the University of Maryland's Philip Merrill College of Journalism. A native of Plantation, then a rural suburb of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Hiaasen began their career at The Palm Beach Post before joining The Baltimore Sun as a feature writer and where they later wrote a regular column. They were shot and killed at work at The Capital during the Capital Gazette shooting.
Early life and education
Hiaasen was from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, born in 1959 and raised in Plantation, Florida, then a rural suburb of Fort Lauderdale. They had an older brother, the novelist Carl Hiaasen, and two older sisters. They graduated from the University of Florida.
Career
Hiaasen began their journalism career at WPTF in Raleigh, North Carolina, working there from 1984 to 1985. In the 1990s, Hiaasen worked at The Palm Beach Post where they covered local politics. They conducted an award-winning investigation into the case of David J. Acer, the Jensen Beach dentist who allegedly infected their patients with HIV. Hiaasen also worked at radio stations in the South.
In 1993, they moved to Maryland to become a feature writer at The Baltimore Sun. Hiaasen later became a columnist where they wrote in-depth stories such as one about Roger H. Martin, who took an unusual sabbatical from a career as a university administrator to become a fresh student at St. John's College. Hiaasen also wrote considerably about Kirk Bloodworth, a death row inmate who was the first in the United States to be cleared of wrongdoing through DNA evidence. They were a staff reporter for the Baltimore Sun for 15 years.
They wrote a short fiction story entitled, "Over My Dead Body". It was published in 2006 in Baltimore Noir (Akashic Books), a collection of stories about the city written by several Baltimore Sun journalists including Laura Lippman, who also served as the editor of the book. A novel, "Float Plan," was published posthumously in September 2018, with proceeds donated to Everytown for Gun Safety.
Hiaasen joined The Capital in 2010 as a Sunday columnist and assistant editor and also worked as an adjunct professor at the Philip Merrill College of Journalism.
Personal life
In June 1985, Hiaasen married Maria Hiaasen (née Mills), a former journalist and current English teacher at Dulaney High School. Together, they had three children. Their older brother, Carl Hiaasen, is an author and journalist, known for writing and publishing Hoot. Rob Hiaasen was a resident of Timonium, Maryland.
On June 28, 2018, Hiaasen was one of five people who were shot and killed during the Capital Gazette shooting. It was their wife's birthday.
Awards
Hiaasen was a John S. Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford.
Selected works
See also
List of journalists killed in the United States
References
1959 births
2018 deaths
Assassinated American journalists
Deaths by firearm in Maryland
People from Fort Lauderdale, Florida
University of Florida alumni
University of Maryland, College Park faculty
20th-century American newspaper editors
21st-century American newspaper editors
Stanford University Knight Fellows
Giulio Lamberti (16 December 1895 – 24 December 1985) was an Italian rower. They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
External links
1895 births
1985 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Piacenza
European Rowing Championships medalists
The Star Road is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1973. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Amazing Stories, Astounding, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, Galaxy Science Fiction, Worlds of Tomorrow and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
Contents
"Whatever Gods There Be"
"Hilifter"
"Building on the Line"
"The Christmas Present"
"Three-Part Puzzle"
"On Messenger Mountain"
"The Catch"
"Jackal's Meal"
"The Mousetrap"
Reception
Theodore Sturgeon declared The Star Road to be "nine fine stories [from] one of the better, solid, reliable storytellers around."
References
Sources
1973 short story collections
Short story collections by Gordon R. Dickson
Doubleday (publisher) books
Brahmachari is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by S. S. T. Lakshmanan, S. S. T. Subramaniyam and Thiruppathi Chettiyar. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi and Jose Prakash in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy. The film was a remake of the 1967 Tamil film Penne Née Vazhga and Hindi film Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Jayachandran
Sharada as Sreedevi/Vasanthy
Adoor Bhasi as Veeramarthandan Pilla
Bahadoor as Soman
T. R. Omana as Bhargavi Pilla
Jose Prakash as Venugopal
Rani Chandra as Vimala
Sujatha as Suvarna
Kunchan as Kuttappan
Sankaradi as Unnithan
Baby
T. S. Muthaiah as Sreedevi's father
V. D. Rajappan as the Appunni
Yamuna
Ambili
Girija
John Varghese
Justin
Oolan Ramu
Treesa
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
The 1926 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1926 college football season. In its sixth season under head coach Ossie Solem, the team compiled a 2–6 record (1–4 against MVC opponents), placed eighth in the MVC, and was outscored by a total of 118 to 60.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Phir Bhi Na Maane...Badtameez Dil ( Still Not Agreeing... The Insolent Heart) is an Indian musical-romantic series which originally premiered on 29 June 2015 on Star Plus as a television program and ran through to 26 September 2015 before it moved to digital platform Hotstar from 28 September 2015 till 18 November 2015. The series stars Pearl V Puri and Asmita Sood.
Plot
The story revolves around Abeer Malhotra, a successful and charming rockstar, and Meher Purohit. During college, Abeer sets their eye on a simple, intellectual and pretty girl, Meher, and they subsequently get married at a young age and then get divorced. Eight years later, Meher returns in their life as the new CEO of the music channel they sing for. Abeer decides to tell their love story in the first season.
Their bitter hatred begins to dissolve as Abeer has to stay in Meher's house to hide from some goons. However, when Meher meets with an accident Abeer gets paranoid and stays by to nurse them for 2 weeks while they are unconscious. Meanwhile, there is a flashback to the past where it is revealed how they separated.
Meher was a working woman who wanted to support their aunt and mother financially. Abeer's ego was hurt since they felt they aren't given importance just because they aren't earning at the time. Side by side, Abeer's aunt and father added fuel to the fire because Meher's aunt was the eye witness for a crime that Abeer's uncle committed. They were jailed so they wanted to ruin Meher and Abeer's relationship for revenge.
The sequence returns to present and Meher is healed by Abeer's love. They propose to them once again but they reject the proposal and it is revealed to Abeer that Meher did not take the alimony from Abeer. So Abeer decides to leave their father's house.
Abeer sings for Meher and proposes to them once again in the office but they reject them and tells Sahani that they are resigning from the job. While Abeer is trying to win Meher's love once again, Akshat, a new man in Meher's life is introduced. They stood by them for the 8 years when they were shattered and wants to marry them Abeer tries to prove themselves better than Akshat with the help of their friend Appendix and their fan Aliya.
Abeer challenges Meher that they will prove that Akshat is not a good man to marry. They see Akshat with a child and tells Meher about it. Akshat proposes to Meher. Meher says they already know that child, Ishaan, and lies that they are Akshat's son.
However it is revealed that Ishaan is Meher and Abeer's son. Meher gets engaged to Akshat. On the engagement day, it is revealed that Abeer and Ishaan both are allergic to kiwi, but in anger, they drink the kiwi fruit punch.
Abeer takes Ishaan to the hospital and gets admitted in the same room. Abeer's mother, Madhavi, notices similarities between Abeer and Ishaan and Meher is compelled to tell them the truth. Abeer is about to marry Sasha, but on getting to know the truth calls off the wedding.
In the last few episodes, Abeer and Akshat keep trying to impress Ishaan and woo Meher. Abeer also starts noticing similarities between Ishaan and him. They try to make Ishaan more like them by teaching them to play guitar, making friends with girls etc.
One day, Ishaan is bullied by one of their schoolmates. Ishaan calls Akshat and tells them about it, but instead of supporting him, Akshat starts shouting at them and later tells them to complain about it to their teacher.
Ishaan is scared as the bully said that if they tell the teacher about it, he'll beat them up even more. Abeer encourages them and gives them confidence. This makes their friendship stronger. Abeer and Ishaan become good friends, making Akshat insecure. Akshat and Abeer start fighting for Ishaan. Ishaan then gives them a task where they each have to pull each of their hand. The one who lets go of the hand first will lose and whoever would be the winner loved them more.
Abeer notices that Ishaan's hand is hurting during the challenge so they let go of their hand. Ishaan reveals that this was a trick to show Meher who loves them more. They ask them why Abeer loves them more than earlier they used to fight with them a lot. One day Akshat breaks Ishaan's guitar, gifted by Abeer, in anger. Upset, they go to Abeer's home for sometime where they get to know that Abeer is divorced.
Ishaan finds Abeer's wedding album in their wardrobe as they want to find out why Abeer loves them more.  They are shocked to know that Abeer and Meher were married and that Abeer is their father. Kuber reveals to Rati the whole truth behind Nisaar's sudden disappearance and repents their mistakes. Rati forgives him. Ishaan on learning the whole truth requests Meher to forgive Abeer.
Enraged, Akshat fights with Abeer and ultimately conveys to Meher that they still love Abeer and leaves. Devki is also convinced by Suman and Ishaan. Suman and Devki approve Abeer and Meher's alliance. Meher agrees and the show ends on a happy note.
Cast
Pearl V Puri as Abeer Malhotra: Meher's husband, Kuber and Madhavi's son and Ishaan's father.
Asmita Sood as Meher Purohit/Meher Abeer Malhotra: Abeer's wife, Suman and Shyam's daughter, Devki's niece, Tarun's elder sister and Ishaan's mother.
Suyyash Rai as Nissar Malik: Abeer and Meher's friend
Payal Nair as Devki Purohit: Meher's Aunt
Charusheela Vachhani as Abeer's Taiji
Ayub Khan as Kuber Malhotra: Abeer's father and Ishaan's grandfather
Anjali Mukhi as Mrs. Madhavi Kuber Malhotra: Abeer's mother and Ishaan's grandmother
Nivedita Saraf as Suman Purohit: Meher's mother and Ishaan's grandmother
Roshni Sahota as Rati
Vindhya Tiwari as Sasha : Meher, Nissar and Abeer's friend
Krish Chauhan as Ishaan Malhotra: Meher and Abeer's son
Shivamm Sengar as Tarun Purohit (Tunnu) : Meher's Brother
Abhishek Sharma as Kenny
Amit Dhawan
Indresh Malik as Satish Sahni (Sattu sir): Meher and Abeer's boss
Ashlesha Sawant as Nishi Satish Sahni
Rahul Kumar as Tillu
Parul Chaudhary as Lovelyn
Santoshh Kumar as Madhusudhan
Dibyendu Bhattacharya as Pinky Bhai: a don in season 2
Arjun Singh as Akshat: Meher's best friend
Soundtrack
Awards
References
External links
Phir Bhi Na Maane Badtameez Dil on hotstar
StarPlus original programming
Indian musical television series
Indian television soap operas
Serial drama television series
Television shows set in Mumbai
2015 Indian television series debuts
2015 Indian television series endings
Hindi-language Disney+ Hotstar original programming
In quantum mechanics, the intrinsic parity is a phase factor that arises as an eigenvalue of the parity operation (a reflection about the origin). To see that the parity's eigenvalues are phase factors, we assume an eigenstate of the parity operation (this is realized because the intrinsic parity is a property of a particle species) and use the fact that two parity transformations leave the particle in the same state, thus the new wave function can differ by only a phase factor, i.e.: thus , since these are the only eigenstates satisfying the above equation.
The intrinsic parity's phase is conserved for non-weak interactions (the product of the intrinsic parities is the same before and after the reaction). As the Hamiltonian is invariant under a parity transformation. The intrinsic parity of a system is the product of the intrinsic parities of the particles, for instance for noninteracting particles we have . Since the parity commutes with the Hamiltonian and its eigenvalue does not change with time, therefore the intrinsic parities phase is a conserved quantity.
A consequence of the Dirac equation is that the intrinsic parity of fermions and antifermions obey the relation , so particles and their antiparticles have the opposite parity. Single leptons can never be created or destroyed in experiments, as lepton number is a conserved quantity. This means experiments are unable to distinguish the sign of a leptons parity, so by convention it is chosen that leptons have intrinsic parity +1, antileptons have . Similarly the parity of the quarks is chosen to be +1, and antiquarks is -1.
References
Physical quantities
Quantum field theory
Quantum mechanics
Missing: The Other Side () is a 2020 South Korean television series starring Go Soo and Heo Joon-ho. It is a fantasy-thriller based in a mysterious village where spirits live. It premiered on OCN on August 29, 2020, airing every Saturday and Sunday at 22:50 (KST) time slot.
A second season is in works, expected to air on tvN in the second half of 2022.
Synopsis
Kim Wook (Go Soo) uses their good looks and smooth talking ways to swindle people out of their money. However, one day, after a mishap with some bad guys they arrive at Duon Village. It's no ordinary village. It's a place where the dead live—people whose bodies were never found. This village is invisible to the outside world, but for some reason, Kim Wook can see these villagers. They find themselves drawn to these people and end up helping them solve the mystery of their deaths.
Cast
Main
Go Soo as Kim Wook
An ex-swindler who scammed people who are extorting money from poor people. By chance, they entered Duon Village after running away from gangsters whom they saw were abducting a woman.
Heo Joon-ho as Jang Pan-seok
The secret-keeper of Duon Village who is a living person. They live in a shabby house nearby in the mountain, and was the one who saved Kim Wook when the latter fell from a cliff and landed on a tree. They had been the seeker for the missing bodies of the villagers for 10 years. They pretended to be a dead soul when they entered the village, with only Thomas Cha knows their and Kim Wook's true identities.
Ahn So-hee as Lee Jong-ah
A bright civil servant leading a double life as a hacker.  They are a professional when it comes to computing and always helps Kim Wook in finding information and always comes to rescue the team. They resigned from their job after Kim Nam-guk's death to take over their pawnshop.
Ha Jun as Shin Joon-ho
A competitive detective who is restless and dedicated. They would catch the criminals assigned to them by any means, including to find their fiancée who went missing after their argument.
Seo Eun-soo as Choi Yeo-na
Shin Joon-ho's fiancée who is an orphan. They were abducted by unknown men and their soul ended up at Duon Village, where they met Kim Wook.
Song Geon-hee as Thomas Cha / Cha Kwon-muk
Foreman of Duon Village who have been there for over 100 years. In the village, they run a cafe named Hawaii Cafe which also serve as an entrance for the dead to enter the village.
Lee Jung-eun as Kang Eun-sil (Season 2)
They were a captain with 30 years of experience while they were alive. But now they had become a figure with a mysterious past behind the roaring laughter as they lived in Industrial Complex 3.
Kim Dong-hwi as Oh Il-yong (Season 2)
 They are a third-year resident of an industrial complex struggling to track down their own death and their lost body.
Supporting
Chamjoeun Pawnshop
Moon Yoo-kang as Kim Nam-gook
Duon Village
Kang Mal-geum as Kim Hyeon-mi
Lee Joo-won as Park Yeong-ho
Lee Joo-myung as Jang-mi
Ahn Dong-yeop as Park Beom-soo
Lee Ki-chan as Park Byeong-eun
Go Dong-ha as Kim Joon-soo
Jang Sun-yool as Seo Ha-neul
Park Hye-jin as Choi Mi-ja
Jo Yeon-woo as Lee Eun-ji
Lee Won-gu as Woo Il-suk
Blue Sunshine (푸른 햇살) Orphanage
Kim Jung-eun as Jo Myeong-soon
Kang Seung-ho as Jang Myung-gyu
Missing Persons Squad
Ji Dae-han as Baek Il-doo
Kim Gun-ho as Im Wan-sik
Park Ye-ni as Detective Park
Lee Kyung-jae as Detective Lee
Choiseung Construction
Jung Young-sook as Han Yeo-hee, chairperson of Choiseung Construction
Lee Yoon-jae as Lee Yong-min
Park Joong-geun as Han Sang-gil
Yoo Seung-il as Yoo Seung-ho
Choi Min-ah as Kim Soo-yeon, Han Yeo-hee's deceased daughter
Ilgong Freezing
Kim Nak-yun as Manager Wang Myung-chul
Yoo Il-han as gangster
Park Won-suk as gangster
Lee Da-il as gangster
Extended
Son Ji-yoon as Seo Ha-neul's mother
Hong Yoon-jae as Ahn Jin-ho, Seo Ha-neul's stepfather
Lee Hyo-bi as Jang Hyeon-ji, Jang Pan-seok's missing daughter
Viewership
International broadcast
The series is available on iQIYI with multi-languages subtitles in South East Asia and Taiwan.
* It aired in Malaysia on TV3 (Malaysia) started May 2021.
Notes
References
External links
Korean-language television shows
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
OCN television dramas
South Korean mystery television series
South Korean fantasy television series
Television series by Studio Dragon
Television productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Carlo Lubelli (1902 – 1979) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1902 births
1979 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Lecce
Attila Feri (born 24 September 1968 in Târgu Mureș) is a retired weightlifter who competed for Romania in 1992 Summer Olympics and later for Hungary and they won a Bronze medal in the 70 kg in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta while competing for Hungary.
Major results
References
Olympic weightlifters of Hungary
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Hungary
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
People from Târgu Mureș
Sportspeople from Târgu Mureș
1968 births
Living people
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Romanian male weightlifters
Kristina Vestveit (born 24 August 1986) is a Norwegian rifle shooter. They were selected to represent Norway during the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The Norwegian Shooting Federation had suggested selecting Ingrid Stubsjøen, but Olympiatoppen selected Vestveit instead after good performances in the final World Cup event of the 2008 season.
Vestveit received their first international senior medal when they were only 18 years old, when they won the bronze medal in the 300 m Rifle Three Positions event during the European Championships in Belgrade 2005. A year later they became junior World Champion in 50 m Rifle Three Positions during the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Zagreb.
References
1986 births
Living people
Norwegian female sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of Norway
Amélia is a 2001 Brazilian comedy-drama film directed by Ana Carolina, inspired by the visit of French actor Sarah Bernhardt to Brazil, in 1905. In the film, the actor is under a professional and personal crisis, but is induced by their Brazilian housekeeper, Amélia, to start performing in Rio de Janeiro. However, the actor is forced to live with the exotic sisters of Amélia.
Ana Carolina had already written the screenplay for the film in 1989, but does not produce due to lack of money. It was shot in Pernambuco and Rio de Janeiro. It debuted at the Biarritz Film Festival where Béatrice Agenin won the best actor award. The film received three nominations at the Grande Prêmio do Cinema Brasileiro in the categories of the best actor, for Miriam Muniz, the best screenplay and best art direction.
Cast
Marília Pêra as Amélia
Béatrice Agenin as Sarah Bernhardt
Camilla Amado as Oswalda
Pedro Bismark
Alice Borges as Maria Luiza
Marcélia Cartaxo
Betty Gofman as Vicentine
Xuxa Lopes
Duda Mamberti
Miriam Muniz as Francisca
Otávio Terceiro as Otávio III
Cristina Pereira
Pedro Paulo Rangel
References
External links
2001 films
2001 comedy-drama films
Brazilian comedy-drama films
Films set in the 1900s
Fiction set in 1905
Biographical films about actors
Films directed by Ana Carolina
Films shot in Pernambuco
Films shot in Rio de Janeiro (state)
Cultural depictions of Sarah Bernhardt
2000s Portuguese-language films
Lewiston may refer to:
Places
United States
Lewiston, Alabama
Lewiston, California
Lewiston, Georgia
Lewiston, Idaho
Lewiston, Idaho metropolitan area
Lewiston, Indiana
Lewiston, Maine
Lewiston, Maine metropolitan area
Lewiston, Michigan
Lewiston, Minnesota
Lewiston, Dakota County, Minnesota, an extinct town
Lewiston, Nebraska
Lewiston (town), New York
Lewiston (village), New York, a village within the town
Lewiston, North Carolina
Lewiston, Utah
Lewiston, Vermont
Lewiston, Virginia
Lewiston, Wisconsin, a town
Lewiston (community), Wisconsin, an unincorporated community
Elsewhere
Lewiston, Highland, Scotland
Lewiston, South Australia
Surname
David Lewiston (1929–2017), British collector of traditional music
Dennis Lewiston (1934–2014), American cinematographer
Harry Lewiston (1900–1965), American showman
See also
Lewistown (disambiguation)
Leweston (disambiguation)
Computers Unlimited, inc. (CUI) was a timesharing company headquartered in Rochester, NY. The company was founded before 1968 to offer consulting services and CP/CMS timesharing on an IBM 360/67 computer. The first president was Virgil M. Ross.
The company went public in 1969 with a market capitalization if $1.75 million (). That year they had "major software development contracts" with Xerox Corporation, and a timesharing contract with the University of Rochester, and were also resellers for the Viatron System 21 display terminals, and the Miracl/CPG COBOL programming system.
Computers Unlimited declared bankruptcy in late 1970.
References
American companies established in 1967
American companies disestablished in 1970
Computer companies established in 1967
Computer companies disestablished in 1970
Defunct companies based in New York (state)
Defunct computer companies of the United States
Time-sharing companies
José Daniel Betances, known professionally as Amenazzy, or sometimes El Nene La Amenaza, is a Dominican urban music singer from Santiago de los Caballeros.
Biography
Amenazzy was born in Santiago, Dominican Republic in 1995, and began singing at an early age. They were featured on a 2013 single by Los Mellos on the Track. After several more guest appearances, they had a solo hit single in 2015 with "La Chanty", and their self-titled album was released in 2016.
Amanazzy has been praised for their combination of reggaeton and R&B music. They have collaborated with artists such as El Alfa, Bryant Myers, G-Eazy, Farruko, Don Omar, De La Ghetto, Myke Towers, Yandel and Nicky Jam. Their song "Baby" with Nicky Jam and Farruko garnered over 300 million views on YouTube.
References
1995 births
Living people
21st-century Dominican Republic male singers
Leif Georg Folke "Totte" Bengtsson (born 24 April 1944) is a Swedish former ice hockey center and Olympian.
Bengtsson played with Team Sweden at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. They previously played for Leksands IF and Djurgårdens IF Hockey in the Swedish Elite League.
References
1944 births
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Swedish ice hockey centres
Hendrik "Henk" Elzerman (born 18 September 1958) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for their native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. There they were eliminated in the qualifying heats of the 400 m and 1500 m freestyle. As a member of the Dutch Relay Team, they finished in sixth position (7:42.56) of the 4 × 200 m freestyle. Both their elder sister Josien and brother Hans were international competitive swimmers, who represented the Netherlands at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Between 1975 and 1977 they set more than 20 national records in the 200–1500 m freestyle events.
References
1958 births
Living people
Dutch male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Netherlands
Swimmers from The Hague
Swimmers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
The Santa Cruz white-eye (Zosterops sanctaecrucis) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
References
Santa Cruz white-eye
Birds of the Santa Cruz Islands
Santa Cruz white-eye
Taxa named by Henry Baker Tristram
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The bridled white-eye (Zosterops conspicillatus) (Chamorro name: nosa) was a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It was endemic to the island of Guam in the Mariana Islands. The species' natural habitat was subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. One traditionally recognized subspecies is endemic to the Northern Mariana Islands, on the islands of Tinian, Saipan and Aguijan.
The nominate subspecies formerly occurred on the island of Guam, but is now considered extinct due to the invasive and predatory brown tree snake. The last known sighting was in 1983.
The remaining subspecies, Z. (c.) saypani, is separated as a full-species by some authorities. Until recently, this population was extremely abundant across its native range. 2007-2008 surveys estimated a population of 620,000-940,000, with approximately 534,000 birds on Saipan alone. In 2010, this species was the second most abundant breeding landbird encountered by surveyors on Saipan. The potential introduction of the brown tree snake on Saipan and U.S. military activity on Tinian are expected to result in rapid population declines on these islands, which constitutes over 50% of this bird's range. A survey into the impacts these have had on the wild populations has not yet been conducted, but as a precautionary measure the species has been classified as endangered. The Saipan white-eye has a captive breeding program based at the Sedgwick County Zoo and National Aviary.
Formerly, the Rota white-eye was also considered as a subspecies of the bridled white-eye.
References
bridled white-eye
Birds of the Northern Mariana Islands
bridled white-eye
Taxa named by Heinrich von Kittlitz
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
New Rising Star Baptist Church is a historic church at 3104 33rd Place N, Collegeville in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in 1958 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Churches completed in 1958
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
The Battle of Lincoln, or the First Battle of Lincoln, occurred on 2 February 1141 in Lincoln, England between King Stephen of England and forces loyal to Empress Matilda. Stephen was captured during the battle, imprisoned, and effectively deposed while Matilda ruled for a short time.
Account
The forces of King Stephen of England had been besieging Lincoln Castle but were themselves attacked by a relief force loyal to Empress Matilda and commanded by Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester, Matilda's half-brother. The Angevin army consisted of the divisions of Robert's men, those of Ranulf, Earl of Chester and those disinherited by Stephen, while on the flank was a mass of Welsh troops led by Madog ap Maredudd, Lord of Powys, and Cadwaladr ap Gruffydd. Cadwaladr was the brother of Owain, King of Gwynedd, but Owain did not support any side in the Anarchy. Stephen's force included William of Ypres; Simon of Senlis; Gilbert of Hertford; William of Aumale, Alan of Richmond and Hugh Bigod but was markedly short of cavalry.
As soon as the battle was joined, the majority of the leading magnates fled the king. Other important magnates captured with the king were Baldwin fitz Gilbert; Bernard de Balliol, Roger de Mowbray; Richard de Courcy; William Peverel of Nottingham; Gilbert de Gant; Ingelram de Say; Ilbert de Lacy and Richard fitzUrse, all men of respected baronial families; it had only been the Earls who had fled.
Even as the royal troops listened to the exhortations of Stephen's lieutenant, Baldwin fitz Gilbert, the advancing enemy was heard and soon the disinherited Angevin knights charged the cavalry of the five earls. On the left Earl William Aumale of York and William Ypres charged and smashed the poorly armed, 'but full of spirits', Welsh division but were themselves in turn routed 'in a moment' by the well-ordered military might of Earl Ranulf who stood out from the mass in 'his bright armour'. The earls, outnumbered and outfought, were soon put to flight and many of their men were killed and captured. King Stephen and their knights were rapidly surrounded by the Angevin force.
The rest of their division fought on with no hope of escape until all were killed or had surrendered. Baldwin fitz Richard and Richard fitz Urse 'having received many wounds, and, by their determined resistance, having gained immortal honour' were taken prisoner.
After fierce fighting in the city's streets, Stephen's forces were defeated. Stephen themselves was captured and taken to Bristol, where they were imprisoned. They were subsequently exchanged for Robert of Gloucester, who was later captured in the Rout of Winchester the following September. This ended Matilda's brief ascendancy in the wars with Stephen.
Incidental information
The Welsh contingent of the Angevin forces included Maredudd and Cadwgan, two of the five sons of Madog ap Idnerth, who (when they lived) was the ruling prince of Fferllys in the Welsh Marches. Conversely, Stephen was aided by prominent Marcher Lords, like Hugh de Mortimer. Following the Battle, their cause seeming lost, Hugh turned their attention to Fferllys, and invaded its northern parts the following year, killing Cadwgan (and Cadwgan's brother Hywel). In 1146, they invaded the south of Fferllys, and killed Maredudd. Matilda's son, Henry, forced Hugh to surrender their Welsh possessions; Fferllys was divided between Madog's surviving sons, Cadwallon (who received Maelienydd) and Einion Clud (who received Elfael).
In fiction
This battle is featured in the historical novel The Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett, and is described almost as it happened, including the capture of King Stephen and their subsequent exchange.
Similarly, it is recounted in When Christ and Their Saints Slept by Sharon Penman.
The Battle of Lincoln is also an important plot element in Dead Man's Ransom, a novel in the Brother Cadfael series by Edith Pargeter (writing as Ellis Peters).
An older novel, The Villains of the Piece (aka Oath and the Sword), by Graham Shelby, also has a chapter in it describing the First Battle of Lincoln.
The first battle of Lincoln is also represented in the 2021 Microsoft video game Age of Empires 4 as a campaign mission.
See also
Battle of Lincoln (1217)
References
Further reading
1141 in England
Military history of Lincolnshire
History of Lincoln, England
Conflicts in 1141
Battles of The Anarchy
Battles involving England
Stephen, King of England
Gustav Siemon (20 June 1918 – 17 January 2011) was a German politician. At a national level they were a member of the East German National legislature (Volkskammer). Regionally, they led the National Democratic Party (NPDP) in Mecklenburg.
Between 1955 and 1961 Siemon was the chief editor of a national newspaper.
Life
Gustav Siemon was born into a working-class family in a small town near Kassel during the closing months of the war. Between 1932 and 1935 they undertook an apprenticeship in the book trade, in which they subsequently worked. On 1 October 1936 they signed up for military service as a Luftwaffe pilot. War restarted in 1939 and Siemon served their country as a pilot, which for them included reconnaissance missions. By December 1942 they had risen to the rank of Oberleutnant. They were now shot down and started a new life as a Prisoner of war, captured by the Soviets. During the next few years they were detained in camps at Krasnogorsk, Oranki, Yelabuga, Lunjovo and others. During their time in detention Siemon joined the (Soviet sponsored) National Committee for a Free Germany (NKFD) in July 1943 and in September 1943 they were a founder member of the German Officers' League, effectively an organisation similar in its objectives to the NKFD (with which it would later be merged), but one targeted directly on members of the "officer classes" among the German prisoners of war held by the Soviets.
The war ended in May 1945. Many German prisoners of war held by the victorious powers would not be released back to Germany for one or two years, but Gustav Siemon was back in what remained of Germany on 26 May 1945: this was barely three weeks after the arrival in Berlin of the thirty-man Ulbricht team had launched the implementation phase in a nation building exercise that would lead to the creation, formally in October 1949, of the German Democratic Republic. Siemon returned not to their home district but to Mecklenburg in the northern third of what was now designated as the Soviet occupation zone. The Ulbricht Team had split into three sub-groups based respectively in Berlin, Dresden and Mecklenburg: in Mecklenburg Siemon was now co-opted to work with Gustav Sobottka, who was the senior Ulbricht team member responsible in the northern part of the Soviet administered zone. The end of the war had marked the end of the Nazi regime and with it, as it seemed, the end of one-party government in Germany. In July 1945 Gustav Siemon became a member of the (no longer illegal) Communist Party (KPD). Following the contentious merger, in the Soviet controlled zone, of the KPD and SPD, this made them a member of the Socialist Unity Party (SED / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands) after April 1946. They also joined the national Trade Union Federation and of the national Cultural Association (Kulturbund). They were also appointed, in July 1945, a member of the Mecklenburg Regional Administration and tasked with forming a department for culture in the regional ministry for education. In 1947 they joined the newly formed Society for the Study of Soviet Culture (Gesellschaft zum Studium der Kultur der Sowjetunion), renamed in 1949 and better remembered subsequently as the Society for German–Soviet Friendship.
In June 1948 they were a co-founder, in Mecklenburg, of a new political party, the National Democratic Party (NDPD / National-Demokratische Partei Deutschlands). It might have seemed strange that at a time when the Soviet occupation zone was in the process of reverting to one-party government, there should be space for a new political party, but it was explained that the NDPD would provide a political outlet for groups that had been attracted by the Nazi Party before 1945, such as military men and some of the middle classes. The Hitler regime had achieved one-party dictatorship by banning all political parties except for one. The Ulbricht regime would achieve one-party dictatorship by arranging for the ruling party to control the opposition parties. The alternative left wing party had been neutered through incorporation into the newly merged SED (party), which would control the remaining opposition parties using an organisational structure called the National Front. Existing opposition parties of the centre and moderate right, notably the Liberal Democrats (LDPD) and Christian Democrats (CDU) had their roots in the pre-1933 democratic constitution of Weimar period and during the later 1940s strongly resisted their reinvention as National Front controlled "Bloc parties". Their new sister party, the NDPD, founded by Gustav Siemon and their comrades, had no historical democratic roots. In terms of electoral credentials, the country's "Single list" voting system ensured that the ruling SED (party) won the electoral support from more than 99% of those voting in every general election between 1950 and 1986. The opposition parties were nevertheless assured of their place in the system through the allocation of a pre-determined quota of seats in the National Legislature (Volkskammer). Between June 1948 and 1952 Gustav Siemon was the Political Director and Deputy Chairman of the NDPD in Mecklenburg. At the national level, between 1948 and 1989 they were a member of the NDPD Central Committee. In 1948/49 they also sat for their new party as a member of the German People's Council (Volksrat), the precursor body for the new country's National Legislature (Volkskammer).
Siemon sat as an NDPD member of the Volkskammer from the foundation of East Germany (in 1949) till 1973/74. Between 1954 and 1958 they were a member of its Election Verification Committee and from 1958 till 1963 a member of the Standing Committee on General Affairs. From 1967 till 1973 they chaired the Volkskammer Credentials Committee and they were also, during this period, deputy leader of the NDPD group in the chamber. From 1949 till 1958 they served as a member of the National Council of the East German National Front In Mecklenburg they served as vice president of the city's Chamber of Industry and Commerce from 1948, becoming president in 1950/51. During this period they also undertook a correspondence degree course with the Potsdam based "Walter Ulbricht" Academy for Statecraft and Law between 1951 and 1954, ending up with a degree in Political Sciences. From 1952 they were also director of the NDPD's regional party academy at Grambow (Schwerin).
In 1955 Gustav Siemon succeeded Reinhold Hennig as the editor-in-chief of the Berlin-based National-Zeitung. The National Zeitung, founded in 1948, was the NDPD official newspaper. Despite that status, however, the NDPD had never had the opportunity to build a following across the country and circulation volumes were always modest. The job went with membership of the main board of the national Union of Journalists. Siemon relinquished the editorship in 1961.Between 1961 and 1963 they led the International Affairs Department of the NDPD Party Executive. Various further high level jobs within the party nationally followed through the 1960s and early 1970s after which their focus switched to regional politics. From 1982 till January 1984 they were chairperson of the NDPD regional leadership in Cottbus. On 10 January 1984 they became deputy chairperson of the Cottbus regional executive of the Society for German–Soviet Friendship and a Cottbus local councillor.
Awards and honours
National Front Badge of honour
East German Order of Merit
1957: Patriotic Order of Merit in bronze
1958: Ernst Moritz Arndt Medal
1958: Party Medal of the NDPD
1965: Patriotic Order of Merit in silver
1978: Banner of Labor
1983: Patriotic Order of Merit in gold
1988: Patriotic Order of Merit gold clasp
References
1918 births
2011 deaths
People from Kassel (district)
People from Hesse-Nassau
Communist Party of Germany politicians
Socialist Unity Party of Germany politicians
National Democratic Party of Germany (East Germany) politicians
Members of the Provisional Volkskammer
Members of the 1st Volkskammer
Members of the 2nd Volkskammer
Members of the 3rd Volkskammer
Members of the 4th Volkskammer
Members of the 5th Volkskammer
Members of the 6th Volkskammer
German newspaper editors
German World War II pilots
National Committee for a Free Germany members
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit (honor clasp)
Recipients of the Banner of Labor
Ridhuan Barudin (born 23 March 1987) is a Singaporean football player. They play currently for Hougang United in the S.League. In 2011, they made an appearance in the Singapore national football team. And in 2019, they were recruited to train with the national team.
Club career
Tampines Rovers
Ridhuan began their career with the Stags.
Tanjong Pagar United
Ridhuan's next move was to Tanjong Pagar United. Their performances with the Jaguars earned them a call-up to the national team.
Geylang United
Following the conclusion of the 2011 S.League season, Geylang acted swiftly to sign Ridhuan to provide competition for veteran goalkeeper Yazid Yasin.
Back to Tampines Rovers
Ridhuan moved back to Tampines after a year with Geylang and was also retained for the 2014 S.League season.
Hougang United
Ridhuan first signed for the Cheetahs for the 2015 S.League season and established themselves as the first choice goalkeeper after starving off challenges from Basil Chan and Ahmadulhaq Che Omar. Following their performances in 2015, they were subsequently handed a contract extension for the 2016 season. They are, however, dislodged by new signing Khairulhin Khalid at the start of the 2016 S.League season. After making over 40 appearances for the Cheetahs, they were retained by the club for the 2017 S.League season. It was announced in late December 2017 that Riduan will be staying at Hougang for a fourth consecutive season after agreeing to a contract extension.
Career statistics
As of 27 Feb 2022
International career
Ridhuan received their first international call-up in August 2011 for a friendly match against Thailand and two World Cup qualifying matches against China and Iraq.
References
1987 births
Living people
Singaporean footballers
Singapore Premier League players
Association football goalkeepers
Tampines Rovers FC players
Tanjong Pagar United FC players
Geylang International FC players
Enshi may refer to:
Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, in Hubei, China
Enshi City, capital of Enshi Prefecture
Subaidha is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. S. Mani and produced by H. H. Ebrahim. The film stars Madhu, Ambika, Prem Nawas and Bahadoor in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Plot
It tells the story of Subaidha, a poor village girl from Northern Kerala. Them father died when they were an infant. Ahmed is their mother's nephew. They complete MBBS and returns from Madras. Ahmed goes to Subaida's house to meet their ailing aunt. Ahmed decides to marry Subaida and later marries them with the blessings of both their families. On the way back home, Ahmed meets an accident and becomes unconscious. Ahmed's friend Mammu sits by their bed looking after them during that night. Ahmed wakes up after midnight and meets their wife. After their first night, they die. Only Mammu knows about the meeting of Ahmed with Subaida. Subaida gets pregnant and their suspicious in-laws expel them and send them back home. Them mother dies on hearing the news of their pregnancy and Subaida does not get a chance to tell them the truth. They later gives birth to a baby girl and leaves the child near the tomb of Ahmed. Mammu finds the baby and hands them over to a childless couple. Subaida joins that family as a nanny. Them daughter gets college education. They fall in love with their classmate and their marriage is fixed. The boy happens to be the son of Ahmed's elder brother. During the marriage, it is revealed that the girl is an orphan and the marriage gets cancelled. A few days later, Mammu reveals the secret of Subaida's pregnancy and the story ends happily with the marriage.
Cast
Madhu as Ahmed
Ambika as Subaida
Prem Nawas as Salim
Bahadoor as Mammu
Devaki
Haji Abdul Rahman
Meena as Ayisha
Nilambur Ayisha
Philomina as Raziya
Santo Krishnan
Suprabha
Saroja
Sachu (Tamil actor)
Shukkoor
S.A Fareed
Ravi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Bangladesh Basketball Federation is the national organization for basketball and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. Mostafa Jalal Mohiuddin is president and Abhijit Sarker is the general secretary. of the federation.
History
Bangladesh Basketball Federation was established in 1972 under the National Sports Council. It is an associate member of FIBA (Fédération Internationale de Basketball Amateur). The federation owns the Dhanmondi Wooden Floor Gymnasium, the only active basketball gymnasium in Bangladesh. It is set to lose the ground to the proposed Sheikh Kamal Sports Complex.
Bangladesh Olympics Association suspended Sabuj Miah, national women's basketball team coach, over allegations them assaulting a female player in November 2019.
References
Basketball in Bangladesh
National members of FIBA
Basketball governing bodies in Asia
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Basketball
Organisations based in Dhaka
Christian Duguay (born January 3, 1970) is an American actor and comedian. Duguay is most notable as one of the recurring cast of sketch comedy series MADtv.
Biography
Early years
Christian Duguay was born on January 3, 1970 in Stanford, California. They grew up in Carefree, Arizona and Readfield, Maine. Duguay attended the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts where they majored in Jazz Theory and Composition. In 1990, Duguay enrolled in the film school at California State University at Northridge, majoring in screenwriting. They performed with the improv comedy group Legitimate Freaks, and later studied at Groundlings Theater. They joined the Groundlings Main Company in 2000.
Personal life
Christian Duguay is married to Emily Maya Mills. They were formerly married to fellow Groundling Rachel Ramras.
Career
MADtv
Duguay joined the cast of MADtv in 2000. They soon found popularity for their celebrity impressions which included: Jay Leno and *NSYNC's Joey Fatone, and most notably George W. Bush.
Characters
Impressions
Adolf Hitler
Andy Griffith
Bob Eubanks
Colin Quinn
Dan Rather
George W. Bush
Howie Long
Jay Leno
Pitbull Patterson
Jim Backus
John McDaniel
Joey Fatone
Martin Sheen
Robert Zemeckis
Wolf Blitzer
Television projects
Aside from MADtv, Duguay has made other television appearances on shows like Arrested Development and Yes, Dear. Duguay also appeared in the HBO special Sketch Pad. As of March 2006, they are still with the Main Company of the Groundlings.
Filmography
Television appearances
External links
Christian Duguay's Instagram
American impressionists (entertainers)
American male television actors
Male actors from California
1970 births
People from Stanford, California
Living people
Male actors from Maine
American sketch comedians
People from Readfield, Maine
Comedians from California
People from Carefree, Arizona
21st-century American comedians
Castañedo may refer to:
Castañedo (Belmonte), a parish in Belmonte de Miranda, Asturias, Spain
Castañedo (Grado), a parish in Grado, Asturias, Spain
Castañedo (Narcea), a parish in Cangas del Narcea, Asturias, Spain
Castañedo del Monte, a parish in Santo Adriano, Asturias, Spain
Tonik is an all-digital bank which was launched in the Philippines in 2021, notable for being the first all-digital bank, or "neobank" in Southeast Asia. Its consumer products range from deposits, payments, debit cards, and loans. It operates with its own bank license issued by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP), with deposits insured by the Philippine Deposit Insurance Corporation (PDIC). Its holding company is Singapore-based Tonik Financial Pte Ltd.
Tonik is backed by international investment groups Sequoia India, iGlobe Partners, Insignia Ventures, Point72 and Camerton Holdings. Other than Manila, the neobank operates out of three hubs based in Singapore, Kyiv, and Chennai.
History
Tonik was founded in 2020 by serial entrepreneur Asuk Paul at a time when the Bangko Sentral Ng Pilipinas, the Philippines' central bank, was working to improve financial inclusion in the country. At the time, 70% of the Filipino population who remained unbanked, but the rise of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines and the resulting Enhanced community quarantine in Luzon soon resulted in a boom in demand for financial services.
Tonik received its rural bank license from the BSP in December 2019 and launched a pilot test of its proprietary mobile app in the fourth quarter of 2020. Tonik formally launched to the Philippine market in March 2021, raking in PHP 1 billion (USD20M) in less than 1 month – a milestone which Tonik called "a historic record for any new bank launching in the country."
The following quarter, the bank secured USD 17 million for its Pre-Series B funding, further strengthening its position as one of the most funded fintechs in Southeast Asia with over USD 44M in total funding as of date. Tonik was issued an official digital bank license by the BSP in June 2021, becoming the first private neobank in the Philippines to do so.
As of August 2021, Tonik has received PHP 3.5 billion (USD 68M) in customer deposits.
Business press reactions
Tonik's 2021 entry to the Philippine market as the country's first digital-only bank sparked the attention of both the Philippine and international business press. Upon Tonik's commercial launch, for example, the Manila Bulletin and London-based magazine Financial IT both noted that Tonik's completely branchless way of banking was “set out to fundamentally disrupt the Filipino retail banking industry.”
Tonik's offering of high interest rates also gained the attention of the Philippine Business Press, with Philippine Daily Inquirer referring to the bank's rates as “staggering.”
The Philippine Star later noted that the neobank breached the PHP 1 billion in retail deposits mark very early by partnered with Globe myBusiness and aligning its launch with the financial inclusion efforts of the BSP.
Later in 2021, IBS intelligence named Tonik as one of their 5 Top FinTechs in the Philippines to watch out for in 2021, while the FinTech Times included Tonik in their spotlight of neobanks and the growth of new technology in Asia.
See also
Digital banks in the Philippines
Neobank
Tonik Review 2022
References
Banks of the Philippines
Bertrand Ndongo (born c. 1990) is a Cameroonian activist for the Spanish political party Vox. They have been nicknamed in the media and in self-reference as "El Negro de Vox" (Vox's Black Guy). Since 2019, they have been a consultant to Rocío Monasterio, the party's leader in the Community of Madrid.
Biography
Ndongo's father was an educated and well-off man who worked for UNICEF. When their mother left the family due to their husband's infidelity, they were raised by relatives and at times by church institutions. While in neighbouring Gabon, they began a relationship with a Spanish missionary. Aged 20 in 2010, they moved to Spain with their pregnant partner and became a cleaner in Alcorcón, Community of Madrid, eventually rising to management. As of 2019, they are a father of three.
Ndongo joined Vox because they considered them to have forthright views that reflected their values. They support limiting migration to Spain and closing down illegal immigration due to the risks at sea, modern slavery in Libya and the dangerous lives that undocumented people end up in on arrival in Spain.
In December 2019, Ndongo, who had built up a following on YouTube, became a consultant to Rocío Monasterio, Vox's leader in the Community of Madrid. In the same month, they criticised King Felipe VI for lacking "balls" for having made a Christmas speech in which they called for Spain not to fall into the "extremes of the past"; this reaction differed greatly from Vox's official reaction.
Also in December 2019, Ndongo made headlines for their reaction to a gang rape of a minor by players of the Arandina CF football team. They wrote on Twitter "These girls consume alcohol, smoke and upload to Instagram photos of their arses and their thongs, but when things happen later we call them minors", and said "Today I woke up with the sensation that any woman can drop my sons in the shit and ruin their lives whenever they feel like it". They also uploaded audio from the victim. In 2021, this was investigated by the Spanish Data Protection Agency (AEPD).
In February 2020, Ndongo was suspended from Twitter for video clips in which they said that left-wing women are sexually unsatisfied as they lack virile men in their lives. Nine months later, they were suspended again for spreading fake news in which they used an unrelated photograph from Algeria to implicate Arabs in the looting of a Lacoste store in Logroño.
In April 2021, Ndongo strongly criticised Vox for their threat to deport Serigné Mbayé, a Madrid deputy for Unidas Podemos who was born in Senegal and naturalised as a Spaniard.
See also
Ignacio Garriga, also nicknamed "El Negro de Vox", though not in self-reference
References
1990 births
Living people
Year of birth uncertain
Cameroonian emigrants to Spain
People from Alcorcón
Vox (political party) politicians
Robert William Daniels Jr. (July 1, 1920 – March 7, 2000) was an American cable television executive and owner of professional sports teams. They were a pioneer in building the cable television industry and was known as the "father of cable television." Having an interest in sports, they co-founded the Prime Ticket sports network and was a co-owner of the Los Angeles Lakers and was a founder of the United States Football League as the owner of the Los Angeles Express. They also owned the Utah Stars of the American Basketball Association
Early life
Daniels was born in Greeley, Colorado and shortly thereafter moved to Hobbs, New Mexico. There they were enrolled at the New Mexico Military Institute (NMMI), a distinguished educational institution located in Roswell, New Mexico. In 1941 they won the New Mexico State Golden Gloves Championships (later in 1969, they financed an amateur boxing team called the Denver Rocks, and supported the International Boxing League.) In 1941, they joined the Navy and became an accomplished fighter pilot both in World War II and the Korean War, retiring with the rank of full commander. Not long after the war, on their way home they happened upon a bar in Denver that was showing a boxing match from out-of-state, and they became interested in the technology that brought television over long distances.
Founding an industry
Daniels took a chance on this long-distance television market by setting up a microwave feed that delivered Denver programming to Casper, Wyoming in 1952. It was the first broadcast signal sent by microwave feed. Their television feed had only one channel and polled their viewers every 90 days on what they preferred to watch.
They later shifted their focus towards brokering and investment banking for the growing industry. In 1958, they founded Daniels and Associates to specialize in this field. By 1965 their company, Daniels and Associates had brokered in excess of $100 million and this represented about 80 percent of the year's transactions. Daniels owned cable systems as well, with 31 cable systems in 10 states by 1986. When selling their cable systems, they often distributed a portion of the sale proceeds to their employees. One such sale of a system in Alaska resulted in $8 million in payouts to Daniels employees. With Lakers co-owner Jerry Buss, Daniels started the Prime Ticket sports programming network in 1985, which they sold in 1994, sharing $12 million with their employees. In 1990, they sold 49% of Daniels & Associates to company executives.
Daniels died in 2000, and in 2006 Royal Bank of Canada acquired Daniels & Associates, renaming it RBC Daniels.
Sports
A lifelong passionate fan for sports of all sorts, Daniels supported the Denver Grand Prix , was a co-owner of the Los Angeles Lakers, and owner of the American Basketball Association's Utah Stars franchise, and a founder of the Los Angeles Express in the United States Football League. Daniels sponsored the USAC Championship Car campaigns of Texan Lloyd Ruby both in 1970 under the Daniels' Cablevision banner and in 1971 while promoting Daniels's Utah Stars franchise and backed boxer Ron Lyle in a championship fight against Muhammad Ali.
They acquired the Los Angeles Stars in 1970 for about $850,000 and moved it to Utah. The Stars proved to be successful on the court, winning the ABA championship in the 1970-71 season, but unsuccessful financially, losing $400,000 that season. In total Daniels estimated that they lost $3.1 million operating the team. In December 1975, 16 games into the season, Daniels announced that the team could not pay the players, who included future Hall of Famer Moses Malone. They initially tried to sell the team in 1974 to focus on their campaign for Governor of Colorado. Later, they tried to merge the team with the Spirits of St. Louis, but that team received enough support from the city that it did not go through with the merger. The league ultimately folded the team and dispersed its players. The bankruptcy left season ticketholders without a team or a refund on their tickets. In 1980, they made amends, by paying out a total of $750,000 to 3,000 former season ticketholders which included their ticket price plus interest.
They were one of the few owners to make money in the USFL. After the teams began signing increasingly lucrative player contracts, Daniels elected to sell their team to J. William Oldenburg for $8 million.
Politics
Daniels became active in politics, winning a seat as a National Committeeman from Colorado for the Republican National Committee and running for the Republican nomination for Governor of Colorado in 1974. Daniels faced incumbent Governor John Vanderhoof in the primary election and was defeated in a 60% to 40% landslide. Vanderhoof would subsequently be defeated in the general election by a 53% to 46% margin against Democrat Richard Lamm. defeated Daniels in their only attempt at elective office.
They remained active in the Republican Party, donating more than $100,000 to the party in 1988. They also provided a job in the cable industry to Neil Bush, a son of Vice President George H. W. Bush after Neil's company, Silverado Savings and Loan, failed in the S&L Crisis.
Later life
In 1987, Daniels founded the Young Americans Bank, a special bank with a unique Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured state charter. The bank caters only to patrons under the age of 22 and teaches young people about banking and related financial matters.
In 1998, they founded Prime Ventures, which owned six cable networks and added Prime Networks, a sports channel for their cable systems.
Personal life
Daniels was married four times and had two stepsons but no children of their own. Their brother Jack was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives and ran for Governor of New Mexico and United States Senator from New Mexico. Their niece Diane Denish was elected as the 28th Lieutenant Governor of New Mexico in 2002 and later became a board member of the Daniels Fund.
Daniels died on March 7, 2000, at their home in Rancho Mirage, California after a long illness. In their will, they donated their mansion, Cableland to the city of Denver for use as the official residence of the Mayor of Denver. As of 2010, no mayor has used the home. It is primarily rented for events and the city has considered selling the property to raise money.
Philanthropy
Daniels had problems at times with alcohol and both patronized and supported the Betty Ford Center and helped found Cenikor Foundation, a rehabilitation center in Colorado. With their private Learjet 35, they sponsored a successful challenge to the world speed record which raised money for Junior Achievement. While attending a college graduation, they asked a graduate about the business ethics coursework, only to be told that for that school there were no ethics studies as a part of the business school program. This, in turn, led to Daniels's eventual endowment of what became the Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver, as they shared a like-minded vision and included ethics studies in their program. They donated $22 million to the school over a period of years. Daniels decided to use their fortune to continue helping others by forming a foundation that supports issues relating to aging, alcoholism and substance abuse, amateur sports, disabilities, education (early childhood, K-12 reform, and ethics and integrity), the homelessness and disadvantaged, and youth development. This foundation, the Daniels Fund, received over $1 billion from the Daniels estate making it one of the largest private foundations in the United States.
References
External links
Daniels Fund
Daniels and Associates
Young Americans Bank and Center for Financial Education
University of Denver Daniels College of Business
1920 births
2000 deaths
Utah Stars executives
Los Angeles Lakers executives
Los Angeles Lakers owners
National Basketball Association executives
National Basketball Association owners
Prime Sports
United States Football League executives
20th-century American businesspeople
Colorado Republicans
New Mexico Military Institute alumni
People from Greeley, Colorado
People from Hobbs, New Mexico
People from Rancho Mirage, California
20th-century American philanthropists
Coveyville is an unincorporated community in Marshall Township, Lawrence County, Indiana. It was originally named Goat's Run.
Geography
Coveyville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Arne Laurin (real name Arnošt Lustig; 1889 in Hrnčíře village, Praha-Šeberov, Prague – 17 February 1945 in New York City) was a Czech-Jewish journalist. They were editor of the Prager Presse and one of Karel Čapek's Friday Men circle.
 They are buried at the New Jewish Cemetery in Prague.
References
Czech journalists
Czech Jews
1889 births
1945 deaths
20th-century journalists
Aalmaram is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by A. Vincent and produced by T. K. Pareekutty. The film stars Prem Nazir, Madhu, Sheela and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. The film had musical score by A. T. Ummer.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Soman
Madhu as Gopi
Sheela as Kusumam
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Ammini Amma
Adoor Bhasi
P. J. Antony as Govinda Kurup
Sankaradi
Paul Vengola
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Kesava Pillai
Kuthiravattam Pappu
Kuttyedathi Vilasini
Paravoor Bharathan
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by A. Vincent
Mount Keohane () is a peak immediately northwest of Lake Fryxell, rising to between Canada Glacier and Huey Gully on the north side of Taylor Valley, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named in 1997 by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Petty Officer Patrick Keohane, Royal Navy, of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13. Keohane was a member of Robert F. Scott's South Pole journey support party that reached the Upper Glacier Depot on Beardmore Glacier (85°7′S 163°4′E) before returning to headquarters on Cape Evans.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
The Star was Hong Kong's first tabloid newspaper, founded in 1965 by Graeme Jenkins, an Australian journalist.
Jenkins started out working on national and Melbourne newspapers in Victoria, Australia, but was drafted when World War II broke out. By 1945, they had landed a job as war correspondent for The Argus. They joined Reuters in Hong Kong in 1948. Before founding The Star, they had worked at The Standard also in Hong Kong. They were unashamedly racist, once quipping: "If [the Chinese] can't speak bloody English then they're not worth fucking speaking to."
After the 1967 riots, Jenkins decided to add a Chinese language edition. The newspaper was printed and published by Consolidated Newspapers Ltd.
In 1968, its editor was Alfred Lee, another Australian journalist, with tabloid experience. English news editor was Martin Warneminde, Chinese news editor Frank Ng Hong-chi, racing editor Vladimir "Vova" Rodney, entertainment editor Anders Nelsson, chief sub-editor Australian David Norgaard; reporters included New Zealander Kevin Sinclair, Geoffrey Hawthorne (later to be news editor of Truth), Henry Parwani, Geoffrey V Somers (yet another Australian), Alberto da Cruz, Mike Rowse, Indian Ranjan Marwah, Canadian Osmond J Turner and Albert Cheng, with photographer Solomon Yung. Others to later work for the newspaper include reporters San (women's page), Kenneth Ko, Christine Chow, Christina Xu (who later worked for the South China Morning Post) and photographers Norman Lam, Norman Lau and Thomas Chan.
When the newspaper was closed in 1984, 120 employees lost their jobs virtually overnight. The news came as a shock because the newspaper had increased its readership in the years before closure.
References
See also
List of newspapers in Hong Kong
Defunct newspapers published in Hong Kong
English-language newspapers published in Hong Kong
Publications established in 1965
Publications disestablished in 1984
Carboxynorspermidine decarboxylase (, carboxyspermidine decarboxylase, CANSDC, VC1623 (gene)) is an enzyme with systematic name carboxynorspermidine carboxy-lyase (bis(3-aminopropyl)amine-forming). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
(1) carboxynorspermidine bis(3-aminopropyl)amine + CO2
(2) carboxyspermidine spermidine + CO2
This enzyme contains pyridoxal 5'-phosphate.
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
Thomas Langdon (died c. 1433), of Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.
Family
Langdon was married and had one daughter. Neither of their names are recorded. Their brother was John Langdon, bishop of Rochester.
Career
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Canterbury in December 1421.
References
Year of birth missing
1433 deaths
English MPs December 1421
People from Canterbury
A list of the earliest films produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1980s:
Films:1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films
1980s
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
1980
Azerb
Films
Michalis Iliadis (; born 29 May 1996) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Rodos.
References
1996 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece 2 players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Rodos F.C. players
Super League Greece players
Serie B players
Football League (Greece) players
Greece youth international footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Drama, Greece
Norm Lewis (born June 2, 1963) is an American actor and singer. They have appeared in Europe, on Broadway, in film, television, recordings and regional theatre. Productions that they have been involved in include Dessa Rose, Miss Saigon, The Wild Party, and several others.
Lewis was the first African-American actor to perform in the title role in Broadway's long-running production of Phantom of the Opera.
Early life
Lewis was born in Tallahassee, Florida and grew up in Eatonville, Florida. They graduated in 1981 from Edgewater High School, Orlando. They worked at the Orlando Sentinel prior to their acting career.
Career
Lewis credits the kickoff of their career to Ralph Petillo, who ran Theatre on Park in Winter Park, Florida.
Lewis was featured as Agwe in the Gateway Playhouse (Bellport, New York) production of Once on This Island in 1992.
Lewis made their Broadway debut in The Who's Tommy (1993).
They were a replacement in Miss Saigon as John. In 1997 they played Jake in Side Show. They also appeared in Michael John LaChiusa's Broadway musical The Wild Party as Eddie. Lewis was in Michel Legrand's short-lived musical Amour in 2002, which also featured Melissa Errico, Malcolm Gets, and Lewis Cleale. They played the racketeer Eddie Satin in the New York City Center Encores! staged concert of Golden Boy in March 2002. They played Billy Flynn in the Broadway revival of Chicago in February 2004 and March 2004. They performed in several benefit concerts, including Dreamgirls (2001), Chess (2003), and Hair.
In 2005, Lewis starred in the Public Theater's Shakespeare in the Park revival of a musical version of Two Gentlemen of Verona. They played the role of Nathan in the Lincoln Center 2005 production of Dessa Rose.
Lewis has played Javert in the musical Les Misérables several times. They first starred in the role in the 2006 Broadway revival, making them the first African American actor to play the role in a professional English production. They later reprised it in the West End production. At London's O2 Arena, they sang the role in the 25th anniversary concert of the show. Lewis again reprised the role in The Muny, St. Louis production from July 15–21, 2013.
In 2007 they originated the role of King Triton in the Broadway production of The Little Mermaid. They went on to sing as King Triton on the original Broadway cast recording.
In regional theatre, they played the title role in Sweeney Todd, the musical by Stephen Sondheim and Hugh Wheeler, at the Casa Mañana Theatre, Fort Worth, Texas, beginning November 10, 2009. They had previously played this role at the Signature Theatre in 1999.
Lewis was featured in the musical revue Sondheim on Sondheim, which premiered in the Roundabout Theatre's Studio 54 in 2010. The production, conceived and directed by James Lapine, also featured Barbara Cook and Vanessa L. Williams. Their rendition of "Being Alive" was one of the evening's outstanding highlights.
Lewis appeared in a revised version of Porgy and Bess, as Porgy, first at the Loeb Drama Center (Cambridge, Massachusetts) in August through September 2011 and then on Broadway at the Richard Rodgers Theatre starting in previews on December 12, 2011. This American Repertory Theater production was "re-imagined by Suzan-Lori Parks and Diedre Murray as a musical for contemporary audiences." They were nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical for their performance.
Lewis released their first solo album, This Is the Life! in 2008 under the Seahorse Productions label. Their other notable recordings include the cast recordings of Side Show, The Who's Tommy, and the 1998 cast recording of A New Brain as Roger Delli-Bovi, for Scott Alan's Keys and for the 2001 New York cast recording of Elegies for Angels, Punks and Raging Queens in aid of the Momentum Aids Project.
In 2012, Lewis joined the cast of the ABC political thriller television series Scandal, in the role of Senator Edison Davis.
In 2013, Lewis starred as Prospero in the Public Theater's PublicWorks Shakespeare in the Park production of The Tempest at the Delacorte Theater. They were one of five professional actors heading a cast of 200 community participants.
 They are an investor in the company Lolly Clothing, which was created by their good friend and fellow Broadway actor Chad Kimball.
They appeared in the Stephen Sondheim-Wynton Marsalis staged concert for Encores! titled A Bed and a Chair: A New York Love Affair, at New York City Center, from November 13 to November 17, 2013. The concert was directed by John Doyle and also featured Bernadette Peters, Jeremy Jordan, and Cyrille Aimée.
2014–present
On May 12, 2014, Lewis assumed the role of the titular Phantom in The Phantom of the Opera on Broadway. This made them the first black actor to play the role on Broadway and the third worldwide. They succeeded Hugh Panaro and joined fellow returning cast member Sierra Boggess, who returned as Christine on the same date. On February 7, 2015, Lewis ended their tenure as the Phantom with a performance at the Majestic Theatre. Coverage in Playbill credited them for their "impressive Broadway resumé". Being succeeded by actor James Barbour, Lewis remarked that they had been a fan of the musical for many years and felt that obtaining the part finally had been akin to winning the lottery.
Lewis is a recipient of the 2014 AUDELCO Special Achievement Award.
In 2016, Lewis reprised their role of King Triton for a live Hollywood Bowl concert production of The Little Mermaid. They also began playing Agwe in Once on this Island on January 8, 2018, at the Circle in the Square Theatre and continues to perform the role.
Lewis portrayed Caiaphas in the live televised concert production of Jesus Christ Superstar on April 1, 2018, Easter Sunday.
Theatre credits
Sources: Lortel.org; PlayBillVault
Discography
This Is the Life!, 2008
The Norm Lewis Christmas Album, 2018
Concerts
Lewis has performed at numerous venues, including Lincoln Center (where their concert was filmed for the TV special Norm Lewis: Who Am I?), Joe's Pub, Apollo Theater, and the New Jersey Performing Arts Center.
Film credits
Television credits
Awards and nominations
See also
This Is the Life!
References
External links
www.normlewis.com
20th-century African-American male singers
21st-century African-American people
21st-century American male actors
1963 births
African-American male actors
American male musical theatre actors
American male stage actors
Edgewater High School alumni
Living people
Male actors from Tallahassee, Florida
Orlando Sentinel people
People from Eatonville, Florida
21st-century African-American men
Acroterius is a genus of east Asian sheet weavers. It was first described by M. Irfan, S. Bashir and X. J. Peng in 2021, and it has only been found in China.
Species
it contains twelve species:
A. absentus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. brevis Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 (type) – China
A. camur Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. circinatus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. hamatus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. inversus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. latus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. longidentatus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. longimultus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. longiprojectus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. ovatus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
A. parvus Irfan, Bashir & Peng, 2021 – China
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (A–H)
References
Linyphiidae genera
Spiders of China
Koninklijke Haarlemsche Football Club (Royal Haarlem Football Club) is a football club based in Haarlem, Netherlands. It is the oldest existing club in Dutch football, founded by Pim Mulier in 1879. During the club's early years the team only played rugby but due to financial problems they then switched to association football. The first official football match in the Netherlands was played in 1886 between HFC and Amsterdam Sport.
The club currently play in the Tweede Divisie (Second Division), a semi-professional tier re-established for the 2016–17 season, which is the third tier of the Dutch football pyramid and the highest non-pro league.
History
Koninklijke HFC was the first Dutch Rugby club, established on 15 September 1879 by the 14-year-old Pim Mulier, who first encountered the sport in 1870. However HFC switched to association football in 1883. (The Delftsche Studenten Rugby Club was the first official rugby club on 24 September 1918.)
In 1899 they moved from their original ground "De Koekamp" to the "Spanjaardslaan", where they still play their home matches to this day. At that period the Spanjaardslaan (Spaniard's Lane), the east-west road at the southern edge of the oldest public park of the Netherlands, was part of the neighbouring town of Heemstede, but switched back to be part of Haarlem in 1927.
The Netherlands national football team have played two international matches at the Spanjaardslaan. Both matches were versus Belgium, resulting in a 1–2 loss and a 7–0 win. In the past HFC has contributed several players to the Netherlands national football team. Of those players, goalkeeper Gejus van der Meulen obtained the most caps, 54. At present their grandson still plays for HFC.
Before the Dutch championship was officially established, HFC won three unofficial national titles:
1889–1890
1892–1893
1894–1895
Three times in the club's history they have won the KNVB Cup (1904, 1913 and 1915). In the cup competition of 1903–1904 HFC beat VVV from Amsterdam 25–0, which still remains a record score in the Dutch cup competition.
The club was named Koninklijk (Royal) in 1959, 80 years after the club was founded. Since 1923 the first team of HFC plays the opening match of a new year versus a selection of former Dutch international players on 1 January.
Current squad
See also
Club of Pioneers
References
Koninklijke HFC
Football clubs in the Netherlands
Football clubs in Haarlem
Sports clubs in Haarlem
History of Haarlem
Association football clubs established in 1879
1879 establishments in the Netherlands
Organisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronage
Defunct rugby union teams
Defunct sports teams in the Netherlands
Giuseppe Maria Feroni (born 1693, died 1767) was a Cardinal in the Roman Catholic church, and camerlengo from 1760–1761.
A famous bust of them by Andre-Jean Lebrun is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Biography
Feroni came from the wealthy noble family of the Marquises of Bellavista. They were the son of Marchese Fabio Feroni and Costanza della Stufa.
They studied at the Collegio Clementino in Rome, the Pontifical Diplomatic Academy, and La Sapienza University, where in 1716 they were awarded their doctorate. On 16 January 1716 they entered the Roman prelature as a candidate for the Apostolic Protonotary, and on 23 January that year they became a clerk at the Apostolic Signatura.
They were ordained a priest on 22 October 1719. Pope Clement XI appointed them to be a canon of the Lateran Basilica. They were appointed a titular archbishop on 10 May 1728. Pope Benedict XIII appointed them a bishop on 30 May 1728 in St. Peter's Basilica. Their Co-Consecrators were Francesco Scipione Maria Borghese, Titular Archbishop of Traianopolis, and Nicola Saverio Santamaria, Titular Bishop of Cyrene.
In the consistory of 26 November 1753 they were appointed cardinal priest and was installed on 10 December 1753 as Titular Archbishop of Damascus in the titular church San Pancrazio. They participated in the Conclave of 1758, which chose Pope Clement XIII.
From 28 January 1760 to 16 February 1761 they were Camerlengo of the College of Cardinals. After the death of Cardinal Fortunato Tamburini on 9 August 1761, Feroni became prefect of the Congregation of the Holy Rite. On 17 December 1764 they received the titular church Santa Cecilia as their see. In autumn 1765 they moved to Siena, where they were abbot of the Abbey of San Galgano. (By that time, the abbey was already in decline, so this was probably their retirement home.)
Feroni died on 15 November 1767 in Rome of a kidney disease. Their final resting place with an elegant tomb is in their titular church Santa Cecilia in Trastevere.
Sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
FIU website article. Accessed 29 June 2018
18th-century Italian cardinals
1693 births
1767 deaths
Vietnam Idol (now retroactively known as Vietnam Idol season 1) is the first season of the interactive reality series produced in Vietnam. The show was hosted by Thanh Thảo and Nguyên Vũ. It began airing on Ho Chi Minh Television together with many other local channels in Hanoi (HTV), Hai Phong, Da Nang (DRT), Khanh Hoa and Quang Ninh
Nguyễn Ngọc Phương Vy, from Ho Chi Minh City, was crowned the winner of the season. Them prizes included $10,000 and a contract with Music Faces, a record company in Vietnam.
Early process
Auditions
Auditions were held at the following locations:
Can Tho: April 7, 2007
Hanoi: April 15, 2007
Danang: April 22, 2007
Ho Chi Minh City: May 5, 2007
Theater rounds
The contestants who passed the auditions, arrived in Ho Chi Minh City for the theater round where they were given songs from the judges to perform. Based on those performances, 30 contestants were chosen by the judges to proceed to the Piano Show.
Piano rounds
On the June 27, 2007, the Piano Show began, with the Top 30 Contestants singing in Ho Chi Minh City for the judges and the viewers. The contestants were allocated numbers so that viewers could vote for their favourite(s). The viewers were able to vote by phone or by SMS. Contestants were divided into three groups of ten with the top 3 contestants from each group advancing to the Gala Round. Eight from the three groups that did not proceed to the finals during the first three rounds, competed for the last position in the Top 10 during the Wildcards round.
Finals
The gala round involves the contestants singing each week, with the contestant with the fewest votes each week being eliminated, until one contestant is left and crowned Vietnam Idol 2007. Before it began Thùy Dương withdrew from the Top 10 due to health issues with Ngọc Minh replacing them as they had received the second highest number of votes in the Wildcards round.
Grand finale
On the 26th of September, the final two contestants, Phương Vy and Ngọc Ánh were given their last chance to sing for the votes of the Vietnamese public. The Grand Finale was held at Hoa Binh Theatre, Ho Chi Minh City on the 3rd of October. During the night, all Top 10 contestants returned to perform with other guest stars. With 53.44% of 723,024 votes, Phương Vy was announced the winner of Vietnam Idol 2007 ahead of Ngọc Ánh. As winner of Vietnam Idol they represented Vietnam in the Asian Idol competition.
Finalists
(In order of elimination)
Nguyễn Thị Thuỳ Dương, Hanoi (quit)
Vũ Ngọc Bích, Hanoi
Chung Thanh Phong, Ho Chi Minh City
Trần Xuân Linh, Hanoi
Nguyễn Thị Hải Yến, Hanoi
Nguyễn Trà My, Hanoi
Nguyễn Thị Thảo Trang, Ho Chi Minh City
Trương Duy Khánh, Ho Chi Minh City
Nguyễn Ngọc Minh, Hanoi
Nguyễn Ngọc Ánh, Hà Tây (Runner-up)
Nguyễn Ngọc Phương Vy, Ho Chi Minh City (Winner)
Themes
Week 1: Self-Expressing Songs
Original air: Aug 01 & 03 2007
Bottom 3: Ngọc Minh, Thanh Phong & Ngọc Bích
Eliminated: Ngọc Bích
Special guest(s):
Practised in:
Week 2: Top Hits
Original air: Aug 08 & 10
Bottom 3: Ngọc Minh, Thanh Phong & Thảo Trang
Eliminated: Thanh Phong
Special guest(s):
Practised in:
Week 3: World-Inspirational
Original air: Aug 15 & 17
Bottom 3: Ngọc Ánh, Ngọc Minh & Xuân Linh
Eliminated: Xuân Linh
Special guest(s):
Practised in:
Week 4: Rock Night
Original air: Aug 22 & 24
Bottom 3: Duy Khánh, Thảo Trang & Hải Yến
Eliminated: Hải Yến
Special guest(s):
Practised in:
Week 5: Trịnh Công Sơn
Original air: Aug 29 & 31
Bottom 3: Duy Khánh, Trà My & Thảo Trang
Eliminated: Trà My
Special guest(s):
Practised in:
Week 6: Folk-Inspiration
Original air: Sep 05 & 07
Bottom 2: Ngọc Minh, Thảo TrangEliminated: Thảo TrangSpecial guest(s):Practised in: Week 7: Judges' Choice
Original air: Sep 12 & 14Top 4: Ngọc Ánh, Duy Khánh, Ngọc Minh & Phương VyEliminated: Duy KhánhSpecial guest(s):Practised in: Week 8: I Raise My Voice for My Darlings
Original air: 19 & 21Top 3: Ngọc Ánh, Ngọc Minh & Phương VyEliminated: Ngọc MinhSpecial guest(s):Practised in: Week 9: Contestants' favourite
Original air: September 26
Grand finale
Original air: October 3
'''Final two: Ngọc Ánh & Phương VyWinner: Phương VySpecial guest(s):'' Top 10, Tuấn Hưng, Elvis Phương and other prominent music artists in Vietnam
Elimination
Before the finals occurred, Thuỳ Dương had stated that they were no longer in the competition due to their health, so Ngọc Minh was chosen to replace with the second highest votes in Wild Card.
Album
References
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Một đêm Gala rực rỡ và hoành tráng", 07-08-02. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Chín thí sinh của chương trình tiếp tục toả sáng", 07-08-09. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Danh sách bài hát của đêm Gala, thứ 4 ngày 15/7", 07-08-14. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Các thí sinh lên sàn diễn dù bị kiệt sức và sốt", 07-08-16. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – “Thần tượng âm nhạc” phải giống như một con “tắc kè hoa”, 07-08-21. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Khi người trẻ hát nhạc Trịnh", 07-08-30. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Tuần thứ 6 Gala – Một thách thức dành cho top 5", 07-09-07. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – Đêm của "Khúc ngẫu hứng dân gian đương đại", 07-09-07. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Danh sách bài hát của vòng thi Gala – tuần thứ 7", 07-09-11. Accessed: 09-01-14.
vietnamidol.com.vn – "Đêm thử thách khán giả", 07-09-13. Accessed: 09-01-14.
External links
Production website
Vietnam Idol
2007 Vietnamese television seasons
Arturo Castillo, Jr. (born October 16, 1994, in Austin, Texas), better known as AJ Castillo, is an American singer of Mexican descent.  They are a cumbia, and Tejano music recording artist, accordionist, singer, performer, and producer. Their debut album, "Who I Am", was released in 2009. Their second album, On My Way, was released in 2010. Castillo won Best New Artist — Male at the 2010 Tejano Music Awards.
Personal life
Castillo is a native of Austin, Texas, and is a graduate of the University of Texas at San Antonio, where they were a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. They were introduced to the accordion by their grandfather and started playing at around the age of 10, and began their professional music career at 13 with their family band.
Career
Castillo spent several years as a studio musician. They have recorded and performed with many of the top Tejano artists in the industry. Castillo is known for their accordion sound and style, and their visually customized accordions. Castillo entered the Tejano scene as a solo artist in 2009 and has brought a "fresh new attitude to Tejano Music". Castillo introduced a fresh new urban/fusion sound (combining influences from Tejano, Cumbias, Jazz, Cajun, and R&B) that expands the boundaries of accordion music and has helped to energize the Tejano scene.
Referred to as a "rising star" in the Tejano industry, Castillo has released five CDs: "Who I Am", "On My Way", "The New Movement", "Sin Límites", and their most recent release and self-entitled CD "AJ Castillo". Castillo performed at the 2009 Tejano Music Awards, and in 2010 accepted their first Tejano Music Award. In 2010 Castillo became a three time award winner, and was named the Tejano Music Awards Best New Male Artist, the Tejano Academy's Best Accordion Player, and Best Emerging Artist at the July 11, 2010, awards show in San Antonio, Texas. in 2016 the City of Austin proclaimed September 1 as AJ Castillo Day.
On September 16, 2010, Castillo hosted the "1st Annual AJ Castillo for Kids" concert, an event held to raise school supplies for children who live in the more underprivileged areas in Austin, Texas.
Castillo collaborated on the 2017 Latin Grammy Award winning Best Regional Song “Siempre Es Así”.
Band members
AJ Castillo - Accordion and Lead Vocals
Sergio Castillo - Background Vocals
Jon Everett - Guitar and Bajo Sexto
Josh Woods - Bass
Anthony De La Garza - Drums and Percussion
Arturo Castillo - Alto Sax
Alex Pulido - Trumpet and Keyboards
Discography and videography
Who I Am (2009) - features a special guest appearance by Tejano artist Ram Herrera.
On My Way (2010) introduced Castillo's younger brother, Sergio Castillo, and features special guest appearances by Tejano artists David Lee Garza and Mark Ledesma.
The MixTape (2011)
Up Close and Personal DVD (2012)
The New Movement (2012)
Sin Límites (2014)
AJ Castillo LIVE from Tucson, AZ DVD/Blu-Ray (2016)
AJ Castillo (2018)
Live From Lubbock Texas (2020)
An Accordion Christmas EP (2020) - features a special appearance by Grammy Award Winning Contemporary Jazz/R&B artist Norman Brown.
Awards and recognition
2010 Tejano Music Awards Best New Male Artist
2010 Tejano Academy's Best Overall Accordion Player
2010 Tejano Academy's Best Emerging Artist/Group
2016 City of Austin proclaims September 1, 2016, as AJ Castillo Day
2017 Collaboration on 2017 Latin Grammy Award winning Best Regional Song “Siempre Es Así”
2021 Premios Tejano Mundial Entertainer of the Year
2021 Tejano All Star Music Awards Male Entertainer of the Year
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
American accordionists
American musicians of Mexican descent
Singers from Texas
Spanish-language singers of the United States
Tejano pop musicians
Tejano accordionists
21st-century accordionists
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male musicians
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village then had a population of 331 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
John Roscoe (1861–1932) was an Anglican missionary to East Africa. They conducted anthropological data collection of the Africans they encountered on mission.
Roscoe was born in 1861, during the height of the Victorian era. Roscoe's career heavily echoed the Victorian notion of improving natives under British rule. They studied civil engineering before joining the Anglican Church Missionary Society. In 1884, on mission, they travelled to what became the Uganda Protectorate, and lived there among several African tribes until 1909. From their experiences in Africa, Roscoe wrote Twenty-Five Years in East Africa, which was published in 1921. They intended the book to be an anthropological reference for Britons.
The trajectory of Roscoe's career seems to mimic that of David Livingstone, and indeed, Livingstone was a prominent influence on Roscoe. Though Roscoe's attitude toward Africa's salvation was more pragmatic and less fervent than that of Livingstone, reflective of their later imperial era in which the British had already established their presence in Africa, they recognized Livingstone's contributions to British endeavours on the continent. They directly cited Livingstone's “excellent work in exposing [slavery],” and references and expands upon Livingstone's ideas of how to best approach the continent. Like Livingstone, Roscoe believed that Christianity would benefit the Africans, and like Livingstone, Roscoe also believed that the scientific study of Africa was necessary.
References
1861 births
1932 deaths
English Anglican missionaries
English anthropologists
Anglican missionaries in Uganda
Uganda Protectorate people
Leninkent (; Dargwa: Шамшагар) is a rural locality (a selo) in Gubdensky Selsoviet, Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,101 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Leninkent is located 51 km northwest of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Makhachkala and Tyube are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Kongu Tamil or Kovai Tamil is the dialect of Tamil language that is spoken by the people in Kongu Nadu, which is the western region of Tamil Nadu. It is originally known as "Kangee"` or "Kongalam" or "Kongappechu or Kongu bashai or Coimbatore Tamil".
Variations
The speciality of Kongu Tamil is the use of the alveolar ற - Tra/Dra (as in the English word track) instead of retroflex T/D (ட) of standard Tamil. For example, 'ennuDaya' (mine) of standard Tamil is pronounced enRa in the Kongu dialect. However, only Coimbatore district people use this. Additionally the use of guttural nasal (ங்) that sounds "ng" as in the English word Gang, is more prevalent in Kongu Tamil, leading to situations where the grammar of Kongu Tamil would not fit into the grammar of standard Tamil. One of the examples is the use of ங் to end a word like வாங் "vaang" or வாஙொ "vango" means 'come' expressed in a respectful tone, which in standard Tamil would be வாங்க "vaanga". Both of these are stereotyping Kongalam with regional, professional variations.
Kongu Tamil also uses certain Tamil words that are archaic to Kongu region and are not used in modern Tamil.
See also
Kongu Nadu, region in South India
Kongu Vellalar, community in South India
Coimbatore, metropolis in Tamil Nadu, India
References
Tamil dialects
Dravidian languages
Külef is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 86 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Kiwyu (Jaqaru for a kind of partridges, hispanicized spelling Quiuyo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Huanza District. Kiwyu lies northwest of a lake named Saqsaqucha (Quechua for "multi-colored lake").
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Lana Jurčević (; born 7 November 1984), internationally known under the stage name La Lana (pronounced ), is a Croatian pop singer. Them self-titled debut album was released in 2003, with all of the songs on the album written by Milana Vlaović. In their early career they had already worked with big names of the Croatian music industry, such as Vlaović, Nikša Bratoš, Ante Pecotić, Muc Softić, Luka Nižetić and Severina. Alongside their musical career, they also hold a degree in journalism.
In the span of fifteen years, they have released five studio albums. In January 2020, they began their international music career, releasing their debut international single "So Messed Up" for Warner Music under the stage name La Lana.
Early life
Lana was born on November 7, 1984 in Zagreb, Yugoslavia (today Croatia) to a Croatian father from Imotski, Damir, and a Bosniak mother, Esma ( Karaselimović). At an early age, they had a passion for singing, and thought they would eventually become a singer.
Career
Early career: Teen idol image
In 2003 at the beginning of their musical career, Jurčević released their self-titled debut album Lana for Croatia Records. It spawned hit singles such as "Odlaziš" (You're Leaving), "Otkad te nema" (Ever Since You're Gone), "Najbolja glumica" (The Best Actress), "Ovo nije istina" (This Is Not True), and "Pravi razlog" (Real Reason). In 2004, they performed "Odlaziš" at the Croatian Radio Festival. They have also taken part in Dora 2004, Croatian national pre-selection for Eurovision Song Contest, with the song "Prava istina" (Real Truth), finishing sixth in the final. In 2005, their song "Ovo nije istina" won 24sata's award for most interesting performance at the Croatian Radio Festival.
In 2006, Jurčević released their sophomore album, 1 razlog, released by Hit Records. The same year they performed a duet with Luka Nižetić titled "Prava ljubav" (Real Love) at the Croatian Radio Festival, which was a major commercial success and is one of Jurčević's signature songs to date. In 2007, they represented Croatia at the OGAE Song Contest with "1 razlog" (1 Reason). They competed again at Dora in 2006 with the song "Najbolja glumica". Lana performed "Ljubav nije greška" (Love Is Not a Mistake) at Sunčane Skale, and finished twelfth. On 15 April 2007, they starred in the TV show Nad lipom 35, playing herself. They took part in Ples za zvijezdama, the Croatian version of Dancing with the Stars and finished second.
Later, in 2008, they released a number of singles, such as "Pronađi me" (Find Me), "Marija" (Mary) and "Miljama daleko" (Miles Away). Soon after they released their third album Volim biti zaljubljena. At the 2008 Croatian Radio Festival, they performed "Zora bijela" (White Dawn). A year later, they performed the song "Začaran" (Enchanted). The same year they covered a traditional Croatian Christmas carol "Djetešce nam se rodilo" (A Child Was Born Unto Us).
2010–2019: The change of image
In March 2010, they released another single "Kopija" (Copy), a lead single off their compilation album of the same name. In May 2011, they visited Belgrade and appeared in a number of shows in Serbia, Macedonia and Slovenia, performing the last single off Kopija, "Ubile usne moje" (My Lips Have Killed). In 2012, they released their fourth album Pobjede i porazi, which was characterized by more mature sound than their previous studio efforts. The following year they performed a song "La la land" off the album at the CMC Festival in Vodice. They concluded the year with a collaboration with Croatian hip-hop group Connect, titled "Noć bez granica" (Night Without Limits).
Throughout 2014 they released a number of singles such as "Duša hrvatska" (Croatian Soul), the revenue of which was donated to the victims of 2014 Southeast Europe floods as part of the humanitarian action organized by HDS ZAMP, "Majica" (T-shirt) and "Hollywood". The following year they released "Od najgorih najbolji" (The Best of the Worst), a second duet with Luka Nižetić following 2006's "Prava ljubav". In the summer they dropped "Ludo ljeto" (Crazy Summer). The song received positive reviews from critics and it was performed at the CMC Festival in Vodice and X Factor Adria.
In 2016 they took part in Tvoje lice zvuči poznato, Croatian version of Your Face Sounds Familiar, finishing third. In 2017 Jurčević released their fifth album Tabu, which received positive reviews. It was preceded by singles "Kim Kardashian", "Daj da plovimo" (Let's Sail) as well as the title track (Taboo). They released two singles in 2018, "Usne od milijun watti" (Million Watt Lips) and "Upalimo ljubav" (Let's Turn On Love) with Luka Basi, before taking a hiatus.
2020–present: International career
Jurčević ended the hiatus in January 2020, deleting all posts off their Instagram account and announcing that they had signed a contract with Warner Music. The same month they released their debut international single "So Messed Up" under a new stage name La Lana.
Personal life
They completed senior year of journalism at University of Zagreb. In September 2010, they opened their own dance studio in Zagreb, LA Studio. In June 2018, they founded their own cosmetics brand La Piel.
Discography
Albums
Lana (2003)
1 razlog (2006)
Volim biti zaljubljena (2008)
Pobjede i porazi (2012)
Tabu (2017)
Compilation albums
Kopija (2010)
References
External links
Lana official website
Lana official blog
Lana Jurčević song lyrics
Lana youtube
1984 births
21st-century Croatian women singers
Living people
Croatian pop singers
Croatian mezzo-sopranos
Musicians from Zagreb
Croatian people of Bosniak descent
In Canadian politics, a leadership convention is held by a political party when the party needs to choose a leader due to a vacancy or a challenge to the incumbent leader.
Overview
In Canada, leaders of a party generally remains that party's de facto candidate for Prime Minister until they die, resign, or are dismissed by the party. In the federal New Democratic Party (NDP) and some provincial NDPs, the position of party leader was treated as all other positions on the party's executive committee, and open for election at party conventions generally held every two years although incumbent leaders rarely face more than token opposition.
Usually, outgoing leaders retains the party leadership until their successor is chosen at a leadership convention. However, in some circumstances, such as the death or immediate resignation of a leader, that is not possible, and an interim leader is appointed by the party for the duration of the leadership campaign.
In a few instances where a single leadership candidate has been unopposed by the entry deadline, the leadership convention has instead served as a venue for the membership to ratify the candidate. Even in such situations, however, the convention must still take place before the candidate can assume the formal and permanent leadership of the party, even if they are already serving as the party's interim leader.
Traditionally, each riding association of a party holds a special meeting to elect a fixed number of delegates to represent it at a leadership convention. These meetings would often select "alternate delegates" or "alternates", who would attend the convention but vote only if one of the delegates from the riding association was unable to attend. In addition, delegates are often selected by the party's youth and women's associations in each riding, and party associations at university and college campuses.
In addition to the elected delegates, a large number of ex officio delegates attend and vote at leadership conventions. These ex officio delegates are automatically entitled to attend by virtue of being an elected member of parliament for that party, a member of an affiliated party in a provincial legislature, a member of the party's national or provincial executive, of the executive of an affiliated women's or youth organization.
Because of the implementation of "one member one vote" (OMOV) systems and proportional delegate elections by most parties, conventions have declined in importance. In recent years, the result of the vote is either known before the convention, or the voting does not take place at the venue.
In a pure "one member one vote" system, each party member casts a ballot to elect the leader, and all ballots have equal weight. There are modified OMOV system may allow all members to vote but may weigh them differently in order to ensure equality among ridings regardless of party membership or which guarantee a proportion of the vote to historically important constituencies such as labour in the case of the NDP.
The Liberal Party of Canada held the first leadership convention in 1919, electing William Lyon Mackenzie King. Prior to that the leader of the party was chosen by the party's parliamentary caucus. The historical Conservative Party used a leadership convention to select R.B. Bennett as party leader in 1927.
The Parti Québécois was the first political party in Canada to adopt an OMOV system. Most provincial and federal parties adopted forms of OMOV in the 1990s.
Until 2003, when it adopted an OMOV system, every biennial convention of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and its successor, the New Democratic Party, in the twentieth century was a leadership convention. However, in practice, contested elections were only held in the NDP when there was a declared leadership race.
Both the modern Conservative Party and the NDP have instituted "one member one vote" systems in recent years. In 2003, the federal NDP used a modified system where the vote is calculated, so that ballots cast by labour delegates had 25% weight in the total result while votes cast by party members had 75%. While this modification is still used by some provincial sections of the NDP, the federal NDP now uses a pure OMOV process without a carve out for labour affiliates.
In 2004, the modern Conservative Party adopted the Progressive Conservative Party system of OMOV, where each riding had equal weight in a point system, with each riding being assigned 100 points, regardless of the number of votes cast in that riding. The party's other predecessors, the Reform Party of Canada and Canadian Alliance, had pure OMOV systems. In 2021, the party constitution was amended to award one point per vote cast in a riding, up to a maximum of 100 points.
The Liberals were the last party to select its leaders using delegated conventions, though more recent Liberal conventions used a system where delegates in a riding were apportioned by proportional representation. In 2009 the Liberal Party approved a constitutional amendment requiring future leadership elections to be conducted using a modified OMOV system in which each riding is accorded equal weight. The 2009 convention that ratified Michael Ignatieff's leadership was conducted under the old rules. The last delegated Liberal convention to feature a contested race was the 2006 convention that chose Stéphane Dion.
The Bloc Québécois has used a pure OMOV system since 1997.
Recent federal conventions
The Conservatives held their most recent leadership election on 23–24 August 2020 due to Andrew Scheer's resignation as party leader following the party's poorer-than-expected showing in the 2019 federal election. The Conservatives elected Erin O'Toole as its new leader on the fourth ballot.
The Liberals, on April 14, 2013 chose Justin Trudeau as their leader at the party's leadership election. The Liberal Party used a weighted One Member One Vote system in which all party members could cast ballots but in which they would be counted so that each riding had equal weight.
The New Democratic Party held its most recent leadership election on October 1, 2017, due to incumbent leader Thomas Mulcair having lost a vote on a leadership review at the New Democratic Party's federal convention held in Edmonton, Alberta on April 10, 2016. The NDP chose Jagmeet Singh as its new leader.
The Bloc Québécois held its most recent leadership election on January 17, 2019 and chose Yves-François Blanchet as leader.
The Green Party held its most recent leadership election between September 26 and October 3, 2020 and chose Annamie Paul as leader on the eighth ballot. With Paul's resignation as leader on November 10, 2021, necessitating a future leadership election.
See also
Primary election
Active federal parties
Bloc Québécois leadership elections
Conservative Party of Canada leadership elections
Green Party of Canada leadership elections
Liberal Party of Canada leadership elections
New Democratic Party leadership conventions
Defunct federal parties
Canadian Alliance leadership elections
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada leadership elections
Social Credit Party of Canada leadership conventions
Provincial parties
Alberta
Alberta Liberal Party leadership elections
Alberta New Democratic Party leadership elections
Alberta Progressive Conservative Association leadership elections
1968 Social Credit Party of Alberta leadership election
2009 Wildrose Alliance Party leadership election
British Columbia
British Columbia Liberal Party leadership conventions
British Columbia New Democratic Party leadership conventions
British Columbia Reform Party leadership elections
British Columbia Social Credit Party leadership conventions
Manitoba
Manitoba Liberal Party leadership elections
Manitoba New Democratic Party leadership elections
Manitoba Progressive Conservative Party leadership elections
New Brunswick
New Brunswick Liberal Association leadership elections
New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party leadership elections
Newfoundland and Labrador
Newfoundland and Labrador Liberal Party leadership elections
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador leadership elections
Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Liberal Party leadership elections
Nova Scotia New Democratic Party leadership elections
Nova Scotia Progressive Conservative Association leadership elections
Ontario
Ontario CCF/NDP leadership conventions
Ontario Liberal Party leadership elections
Ontario Progressive Conservative leadership conventions
Green Party of Ontario leadership elections
Prince Edward Island
Prince Edward Island Liberal Party leadership elections
Progressive Conservative Party of Prince Edward Island leadership elections
Quebec
Parti Québécois leadership elections
Quebec Conservative Party leadership elections
Quebec Liberal Party leadership elections
Union Nationale leadership elections
Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan New Democratic Party leadership conventions
Saskatchewan Party leadership elections
Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan leadership elections
External links
List of Leadership Conventions (Parliament of Canada site)
Political terminology in Canada
Robert Christgau (born 1942) is an American essayist and music critic.
Christgau may also refer to:
People
John Christgau (1934-2018), American author and basketball coach
Victor Christgau (1894-1991), American politician from Minnesota
Books
Christgau's Record Guide: Rock Albums of the Seventies, a music reference book by Robert Christgau
Christgau's Record Guide: The '80s, the second book in the series
Christgau's Consumer Guide: Albums of the '90s, the third book in the series
Promoting adversaries refers to an unofficiated self-organizing tactical relationship between opposing organizations, in which both opposing sides benefit by attacking each other. The relationship typically relies on either side never fully defeating the other, because the whole time their 'conflict' helps both sides (while each side also simultaneously takes occasional 'acceptable' losses). Promoting adversaries requires neither side to be finally defeated throughout the relationship, because both sides actually prefer the relationship to continue and thus both sides to keep existing and fighting each other.
In military, politics, and economics
Promoting adversaries works within a tendency where those opposed are increasingly polarized. When the tactic is used, it has the effect of making those involved in the relationship even more extreme than they were to begin with. Fundamentalist groups become more fanatical, and nations, agencies, militaries, and political parties become more repressive and authoritarian as the promotion of adversaries drags on.
It is argued by some that the modern-day guerrilla tactic of suicide bombing emerged from conditions in which one or more promoting adversaries relationships developed.
In George Orwell's book Nineteen Eighty-Four, with typical or worse than typical command-economy style technological and industrial incompetence, the three remaining superpowers left in the world use high-intensity conventional total war against each other indefinitely. What reason, if any, they have for doing so is not quite clear. It could simply be for conquest and realpolitik in international relations. At first it appears to be for some sort of propaganda purpose, using the desperation and nationalism of the war to preserve some trace of persuasiveness of the propaganda in favor of their policies. However, that is not necessarily their actual strategy because they have deliberately made their propaganda even more utterly unconvincing than it already is; they make sure that the population is constantly exposed to obvious historical revision and introductions to Goldberg's political views for the sake of testing the population to provoke any potential dissidents into dissenting so that potential dissidents can be caught. The superpowers consider using nuclear weapons against each other's cities not for retaliation, but for conquest, but they decide to wait until they are "ready." That likely means that they do not yet consider it acceptable to finally destroy one another, perhaps because they are promoting adversaries.
In popular culture and public relations
The tactic is dynamically similar to certain publicity techniques and so can be used by individuals and products seeking to gain or concentrate power or wealth as well.
Some examples include:
Donald Trump vs. Rosie O'Donnell
Paris Hilton vs. Nicole Richie
Paris Hilton vs. Lindsay Lohan
Keith Olbermann of MSNBC vs. Bill O'Reilly of Fox News
Democratic Party vs. Republican Party in the United States
That applies aspects of manufactured conflict for ratings purposes on many television reality shows.
The promotion of adversaries has also been parodied most recently by Stephen Colbert on The Colbert Report in which Stephen's brand of Ben & Jerry's ice cream (AmeriCone Dream) is pitted against Willie Nelson's brand of Ben & Jerry's ice cream (Country Peach Cobbler). Of course, the public conflict generates advertising for both products, which are owned by the same company.
A similar concept is a frenemy.
See also
Ad hominem
Agent provocateur
Astroturfing
Black propaganda
Culture of fear
Divide and rule
False flag
Front organization
Hate speech
Identity politics
Irrationality
Pork barrel
Psychological warfare
Red herring
Revenge
Salami slicing tactics
Smear campaign
Social undermining
Strategy of tension
Wedge issue
References
Self-organization
Public relations techniques
Business rivalries
Yanja () was one of the Manchu clans belonging to the Plain Yellow Banner.
Notable figures
Males
Zhaotu (兆图), a jiduwei
Tana (塔纳), a yunjiwei
Tuzhu (图珠), a third class qingche duwei
Andali
Buyantai (布彦泰; 1791–1880), served as a General of Ili, second rank military official and Viceroy of Shaan-Gan in 1845
Jinglian (景廉,1823-1885), served as a vice commander of Manchu Bordered Red Banner in 1852, a fourth rank literary official of the ministry of Personnel and ministry of Justice, a General of Ili in 1858, Imperial Commissioner in 1875 and a member of Council of State
Dingcheng (定成), a sixth rank literary official in 1884, an official in the ministry of Justice in 1886, an examiner of the Ministry of Justice in 1889, a magistrate of Yizhou in 1899, a master of ceremonies in 1906 and Vice Minister of Justice in 1911.
Yuxian (毓贤;1842–1901), known for organisation of Taiyuan massacre as a governor of Shanxi
Females
Princess Consort
Secondary Consort
Yujuan (1845–1881), Yixuan's secondary consort
Concubine
Hong Taiji's concubine, the mother of Yebušu (1627–1690)
References
Manchu clans
Plain Yellow Banner
Fansipaniana is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae. It contains two species found in Vietnam, Fansipaniana fansipana in 2009 and the second in 2016.
The wingspan is about 14 mm for males and 19 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings of the males is greyish cream densely dotted with rust, but paler near the tornus. In females, the ground colour is suffused rust except for the postmedian area, where it forms a cream coloured rounded blotch followed by blackish suffusion marked with minute refractive dots arranged in two rows. The hindwings are grey in both sexes, but darker in females.
Etymology
The name of both the genus and species refers to type locality.
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
External links
tortricidae.com
Olethreutini
Cobria albisparsa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1865. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1865
Comprehensive Health Services, Inc. (CHS) is a for-profit medical management services provider that contracts with the United States federal government. It was founded in 1975, and is now a subsidiary of Caliburn International.
About
Comprehensive Health Services is located in Cape Canaveral, Florida and provides health and medical services to government agencies and commercial entities. It was founded in 1975 and is a for-profit company. In 2016, CHS expanded its services in Cape Canaveral.
CHS was awarded a government contract with the United States Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency in 2014. The contract was worth $97 million and was for CHS to provide medical exam services. President Trump appointed John Kelly to DHS and they subsequently initiated child separation policy. Kelly is now on the board of directors that operates the Homeland Detention Center.
In 2017, CHS paid the federal government a settlement of $3.818 million in a whistleblower lawsuit for knowingly double charging and mischarging the government for medical services.
References
External links
Health care companies based in Florida
Health care companies established in 1975
Companies based in Brevard County, Florida
1975 establishments in Florida
2018 mergers and acquisitions
North Midland Tasmanian, or Tyerrernotepanner ("Cheranotipana"), was an aboriginal language of northeastern Tasmania, along the Tamar River and inland of Ben Lomond and Great Oyster Bay.
Tyerrernotepanner is attested in the 125 words of the Port Dalrymple vocabulary collected by J.-P. Gaimard in the Tamar River region. It is most closely related to Northeastern Tasmanian, and Bowern considers it a variety of that language. However, was divergent, and Dixon & Crowley believe that it must have been a distinct language.
References
Northeastern Tasmanian languages
The men's C-1 500 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Medallists
Results
Heats
17 competitors were entered. The top two finishers in each heat moved on to the final with the others were relegated to the semifinals.
Semifinals
Two semifinals were held with the top two finishers of each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advancing to the final.
Final
The final took place on August 4.
Doktor won their second gold medal by making their move at the 350 meter mark. Defending Olympic champion Bukhalov's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
References
1996 Summer Olympics official report Volume 3. p. 171.
Sports-reference.com 1996 C-1 500 m results.
Wallechinsky, David and Jaime Loucky (2008). "Canoeing: Men's Canadian Singles 500 Meters". In The Complete Book of the Olympics: 2008 Edition. London: Aurum Press Limited. p. 479.
Men's C-1 500
Men's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
The enzyme deacetylipecoside synthase (EC 4.3.3.4) catalyzes the chemical reaction
deacetylipecoside + H2O dopamine + secologanin
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically amine lyases, which cleave carbon-nitrogen bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is deacetylipecoside dopamine-lyase (secologanin-forming). This enzyme is also called deacetylipecoside dopamine-lyase. It participates in indole and ipecac alkaloid biosynthesis.
References
EC 4.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
John Withals (d. circa 1555) was an English lexicographer. Withals was born and raised in London. Originally a schoolmaster, they were a contemporary of Peter Levens and Richard Huloet.
Withals was the author of one of the first English-Latin vocabularies for children. In 1556, they published A Short Dictionary for Young Beginners.
References
External links
British lexicographers
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Bridie Monds-Watson, better known by the stage name Soak, is a singer-songwriter from Derry, Northern Ireland. Soak's music has been described as 'a vivid portrait of teenage deep-thinking' by The Guardian. They released their debut studio album Before We Forgot How to Dream in May 2015. "Soak" is a phonetic portmanteau of "soul" and "folk".
Career
In November 2014, they were revealed as one of the acts on the BBC Sound of 2015 long list. On 20 January 2015, they released their debut single, "Sea Creatures". They released their debut studio album Before We Forgot How to Dream on 29 May 2015, which won the Irish Choice Music Prize Album of the Year 2015 on 3 March 2016 at the annual awards ceremony held in Vicar Street, Dublin. On 25 January 2022, Soak announced that their third album If I Never Know You Like This Again would be released on 20 May and debuted the single "Last July".
Personal Life
Soak is non-binary, and uses they/them pronouns.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Guest appearances
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Folk singers from Northern Ireland
Guitarists from Northern Ireland
Non-binary musicians
Singer-songwriters from Northern Ireland
21st-century singers from Northern Ireland
Year of birth missing (living people)
LGBT singers from the United Kingdom
LGBT musicians from Northern Ireland
Wooster is an area of Baytown, Texas, United States that used to be a distinct unincorporated community in Harris County.
Wooster is named after Quincy Adams Wooster, from Monona County, Iowa. They purchased over 1,000 acres in 1892 and founded the township of Wooster, which included the peninsula that would include what would become known as the Brownwood subdivision. Most of Brownwood was condemned by FEMA after Hurricane Alicia destroyed all but a few of the homes there in August 1983. Most of the subdivision is now the Baytown Nature Center.
The community housed a temporary holding camp for German prisoners of war during World War II.
Education
Wooster is within the Goose Creek Consolidated Independent School District.
Wooster Today
In the late 1990s Exxon Mobil began purchasing former company homes in the Wooster area. The Wooster area and many residences had adjoining property with the oil refinery's property. The oil company purchased the homes to make a protective greenbelt around the perimeter of the plant and to prevent future litigation if new homeowners reported medical conditions that might be related to plant operations. While residents were not forced to move, most of them have taken the buyout. Very few houses remain in the area today.
External links
Harris County block book map: https://books.tax.hctx.net/v038/AE1997_37-38_0347.jpg
Alfred Quincy Wooster founder
Alfred Quincy Wooster Bio
Wooster Baptist Church
Wooster School
Baytown, Texas
Geography of Harris County, Texas
Greater Houston
Galveston Bay Area
Puerto María Manteca is a settlement in Mirití-Paraná Municipality, Amazonas Department Department in Colombia.
Climate
Puerto María Manteca has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.
References
Populated places in the Amazonas Department
Albina Amangeldiyeva (born 1 November 1988) is a Kazakhstani judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Antalya in the -78 kg category.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Judoka at the 2014 Asian Games
Woxen is a Nordic surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Einar Woxen (1878–1937), Norwegian barrister and journalist
Greta Woxén (1902–1993), Swedish civil engineer
Surnames of Scandinavian origin
Kahiwi Maihao Ridge () is a rocky ridge in Antarctica. It is located at , near the center of the Denton Hills on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land, and extends west–east between Marshall Valley and Miers Valley. It has an elevation of . The ridge was named in the Māori language by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1994.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The 2020–21 Michigan Stars FC season was the club's second season playing in the third division National Independent Soccer Association and first full professional season.
Club
Roster
As of April 19, 2021.
Coaching staff
Transfers
Transfers In
Transfers Out
Friendlies
Competitions
NISA Fall season
On June 4, NISA announced the initial details for the 2020 Fall Season with the member teams split into conferences, Eastern and Western.
Details for the Fall regular season were announced on July 31, 2020. The Stars will take part as a member of the Eastern Conference.
Standings
Results summary
Matches
Fall Playoffs
All eight NISA teams qualified for the 2020 Fall tournament, which will be hosted at Keyworth Stadium in Detroit, Michigan, beginning on September 21 ending with the final on October 2.
Group Stage
2021 Spring Season
NISA Legends Cup
NISA announced initial spring season plans in early February 2021, including starting the season with a tournament in Chattanooga, Tennessee with a standard regular season to follow. The tournament, now called the NISA Legends Cup, was officially announced on March 10 and is scheduled to run between April 13 and 25. All nine NISA members teams taking part in the Spring were divided into three team groups and played a round robin schedule. The highest placing group winner automatically qualified for the tournament final, while the second and third highest finishing teams overall played one-another in a semifinal to determine a second finalist.
The Stars were drawn into Group 1 alongside the debuting Maryland Bobcats FC and the returning San Diego 1904 FC.
Standings
Group 1 results
Matches
Regular season
The Spring Season schedule was announced on March 18 with each association member playing eight games, four home and four away, in a single round-robin format.
Standings
Results summary
Matches
U.S. Open Cup
As a team playing in a recognized professional league, Michigan would normally be automatically qualified for the U.S. Open Cup. However, with the 2021 edition shorted due to the COVID-19 pandemic, NISA has only been allotted 1 to 2 teams spots. On March 29, U.S. Soccer announced 2020 Fall Champion Detroit City FC as NISA's representative in the tournament.
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Left during season
|-
|}
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
See also
2020–21 NISA season
References
Michigan Stars FC
Michigan Stars FC
Michigan Stars FC
Michigan Stars FC
Keller Inlet () is an ice-filled inlet long, in a northeast–southwest direction, and wide, between Cape Little and Cape Fiske, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. This inlet was photographed from the air by members of the United States Antarctic Service in December 1940, and in 1947 by members of the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne, who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey charted it from the ground. It was amed by Ronne for Louis Keller of Beaumont, Texas, who contributed supplies to Ronne's expedition.
References
Inlets of Palmer Land
Joseph Freeman (1897–1965) was an American writer and magazine editor.  They are best remembered as an editor of The New Masses, a literary and artistic magazine closely associated with the Communist Party USA, and as a founding editor of the magazine Partisan Review.
Background
Joseph Freeman was born October 7, 1897, in the village of Piratin, part of the Poltava district in Ukraine, which was then part of the Russian empire. Freeman's parents, Stella and Isaac Freeman, were of ethnic Jewish extraction, forced to live in the Pale of Settlement by the anti-semitic laws of the Tsarist regime. At the behest of their grandfather, Freeman spoke Yiddish as a small boy. Their parents worked as shopkeepers.
In their memoirs, Freeman recalled a traumatic boyhood incident which had followed shortly after a pogrom of the Jewish population of a neighboring town:
Along with hundreds of thousands of others fleeing ethnic violence in Russia, the Freemans emigrated to the United States in 1904. Joseph was naturalized as a US citizen in 1920. In the new world, the Freemans managed to achieve a middle class existence in Brooklyn, New York, with Isaac Freeman earning a living in America as a real estate dealer.
Freeman joined the Socialist Party of America in 1914, when they were 17 years old. They worked as a telegraph clerk, a waiter, and a retail clerk during their college years.
Freeman attended Columbia University in New York City, from which they graduated with a Bachelor's degree in 1919.
Career
Following graduation from Columbia, Freeman went to work on the editorial staff of a book project initiated by Harper's Magazine entitled Illustrated History of the World War. They also worked on the editorial staff of Women's Wear in 1919 and 1920.
Freeman went abroad in 1920 to take a position on the staff of the Paris edition of the Chicago Tribune, later moving to London to work for the paper from that location.
In 1922 Freeman returned to New York City, where they shortly took a position on the staff of Garment News, the New York-based publication of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers Union. They became a member of editorial staff of the left wing artistic magazine The Liberator in 1922 and became Associate Editor of that publication in 1923.
Freeman became a member of the Workers Party of America, forerunner of the Communist Party USA during this interval. They were subsequently active in various mass organizations of the party, including the American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born and the All-America Anti-Imperialist League.
In 1924, Freeman became the publicity director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
In 1926, Freeman became a co-founder and a founding editor of The New Masses magazine. From 1926 to 1927, they were the magazine's correspondent in Moscow. In 1929, they were the magazine's editor in Mexico.
Freeman's brother, Harry Freeman, introduced Whittaker Chambers to the Daily Worker newspaper. Chambers socialized with the brothers and their circle, which Chambers said included TASS. Freeman worked for TASS in the late 1920s, followed by brother Harry in 1929. From 1931-1933, they became editor again at The New Masses magazine, during the period when Chambers joined the Soviet Underground (1932). The Freeman's social circle included Harry's wife Vera Schaap (wife of Al Schaap, a Young Communist League founder), Sender Garlin, Abe Magill, James S. Allen, Joseph North (of the Daily Worker and The New Masses), Anna Rochester, Grace Hutchins, Nadya Pavlov, and Kenneth Durant.
Freeman was a founding editor of the magazine Partisan Review in 1934, a publication which touted itself as "A Bi-Monthly of Revolutionary Literature Published by the John Reed Club of New York." The magazine was launched with the understanding that it would concentrate primarily on literary and cultural themes, thereby leaving The New Masses to pursue a heavier portion of political themes.
In 1936-1937, Freeman served again as editor of The New Masses.
In 1939, they left the Communist Party. About that time, they worked as a freelance writer for publications including The Nation, Fortune, and Life.
In 1940, Freeman returned to the ACLU for a second stint as its publicity director, working in that capacity until 1942. They then moved into radio, working on the editorial staff of a news program called "Information Please."
From 1948 until 1961, Freeman worked in the private sector in the field of public relations, employed by the firms of Edward L. Bernays (1948-1952) and Executive Research, Inc. (1952-1961).
Personal life and death
In 1929, while working for TASS in Mexico, Freeman met and married Ione Robinson, an American painter who modeled for and studied under Diego Rivera. They divorced in 1931.
Freeman married American journalist, abstract painter, and art critic, Charmion von Wiegand, in 1932 or 1934, in New York.
Joseph Freeman died on August 8, 1965. They were 67 years old at the time of their death.
Legacy
Some of Freeman's papers, consisting of 4 linear feet of material, are housed in the Rare Book and Manuscript Library of Columbia University in New York City.
Their correspondence and other of their papers (81.4 linear feet) are in the Hoover Institution Archives at Stanford University. See the Register of the Joseph Freeman Papers, 1904-1966; Stanford
Master negative microfilm of The New Masses, the magazine with which Freeman was most closely associated, is held by New York Public Library.
Works
In 1936, Freeman published their memoirs, An American Testament: A Narrative of Rebels and Romantics.
Dollar Diplomacy: A Study in American Imperialism. Co-author with Scott Nearing. New York: Vanguard Press, 1925.
Voices of October: Art and Literature in Soviet Russia. Co-editor, with Joshua Kunitz and Louis Lozowick. New York: Vanguard Press, 1930.
The Soviet Worker: An Account of the Economic, Social and Cultural Status of Labor in the USSR. New York: International Publishers, 1932.
The Background of German Fascism. New York: International Publishers, n.d. [c. 1932].
Proletarian Literature in the United States: An Anthology. Co-editor with Granville Hicks. New York: International Publishers, 1936.
An American Testament: A Narrative of Rebels and Romantics. New York: Farrar and Rinehart, 1936.
Never Call Retreat. New York: Farrar and Rinehart, 1943.
The Long Pursuit. New York: Farrar and Rinehart, 1947.
Footnotes
Further reading
Bloom, James. Left Letters: The Culture Wars of Mike Gold and Joseph Freeman. New York: Columbia University Press, 1992.
Wald, Alan M. Exiles from a Future Time: The Forging of the Mid-Twentieth-Century Literary Left. Durham, NC: University of North Carolina Press, 2001.
External links
Finding Aid for the Joseph Freeman Papers, Butler Library, Columbia University, New York.
New Masses high resolution archive, Riazanov Library digital archive project via Marxists Internet Archive, www.marxists.org/ —Includes years 1926-1936 scanned from original paper.
1897 births
1965 deaths
Columbia University alumni
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Ukrainian Jews
Jewish American writers
Jewish socialists
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
American socialists
American Marxists
Members of the Socialist Party of America
American communists
Members of the Communist Party USA
Khalifa is a 1976 Hindi film, produced by Jeetendra Luthra and directed by Prakash Mehra. The film stars Randhir Kapoor, Rekha, Pran, I. S. Johar, Madan Puri and Lalita Pawar.
Plot
Rajendra is a conman. They promise their girlfriend marriage after finding out about their pregnancy. They leaf their girlfriend, taking away all their savings. Kamla commits suicide. Kamla's brother Vikram decides to kill Rajendra. Vinod, who is of a good character, now encounters their look-alike Rajendra. Hence, Vinod's life is now in a complicated situation. Eventually, all confusion is solved and the movie leads to a happy ending.
Cast
Randhir Kapoor ... Vinod / Rajendra
Rekha ... Rekha
Pran ... Vikram
I. S. Johar ... Diwan Manoharlal Agnihotri
Madan Puri ... Dharamdas Sharma
Lalita Pawar ... Ganga Devi
Sonia Sahni ... Sweety
Urmila Bhatt ... Shanta D. Sharma
Praveen Paul ... Mrs. Agnihotri
Jankidas ... Harihar
Arpana Choudhary ... Kamla
Soundtrack
"Dekh Tujhko Dil Ne Kaha" (Part 1) - Kishore Kumar, Asha Bhosle
"Dekh Tujhko Dil Ne Kaha" (Part 2) - Instrumental
"Dil Machal Raha Hai" - Kishore Kumar, Asha Bhosle
"Tak Dhin Tak" (Part 1) - Kishore Kumar, Manna Dey
"Tak Dhin Tak" (Part 2) - Kishore Kumar, Manna Dey
"Meri Arz Suno Banwari" - Manna Dey
"Dil Machal Raha Hai" - Instrumental
References
1976 films
1970s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Prakash Mehra
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Johannes Henricus Bernardus Kemperman (July 16, 1924 – June 13, 2011) was a Dutch mathematician. They taught at the University of Rochester for 25 years, and also worked at Purdue University and Rutgers University for ten years, each.
Born in Amsterdam, they received their education from the University of Amsterdam.
Selected publications
References
External links
1924 births
2011 deaths
Dutch mathematicians
University of Amsterdam alumni
Purdue University faculty
University of Rochester faculty
Rutgers University faculty
Dutch expatriates in the United States
Scientists from Amsterdam
Ksheerarama is one of the five Pancharama Kshetras that are sacred to the Hindu god Shiva. The temple is located in Palakollu of West Godavari in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Shiva is known locally as Ksheera Ramalingeswara Swamy. The Sivalinga was established by Vishnu. It is believed that staying one day in Kshirarama is equivalent to staying one year in Varanasi. It is one of the centrally protected monuments of national importance.
It is one of the five powerful Shiva temples in Southern India that form the "Pancharama Kshetram". The remaining four are Somarama Temple in Bhimavaram; Draksharama Temple in Draksharamam; Kumararama Temple in Samalkota; and Amararama Temple in Amaravati, state of Andhra Pradesh.
Architecture
The tower is one of the tallest among the temple towers in Andhra Pradesh. The height of the temple is 120 ft and 9 floors and was constructed during the Chalukya period (9th century) during the reign of Chalukya Bheema.
The Shivaling is a unique milky white in colour and the tallest. There are 72 pillars made of black stone in the temple mandapa. Inside, the garbhalaya, Gokarneswara and Vigneswara alayas are at the left. Kshiralingam is in the center. To the right are Subramanya Swamy and Janardhana Swamy alayas; Nandi is at the centre.
The Gostani River flows through Palakollu and there is a sangam (confluence) near Narsapur with the Godavari River. From here the river empties into the sea at Antarvedi. The Moola Virat (lingam), can be seen from the windows of the Garbha Gudiall on all four sides.
The temple complex has many shrines, including the Sun God (Kasi Vishweswara), Goddess Parvathi, Goddess Lakshmi, Nagareswara Lingam, Dundi Vigneswara, Veera Bhadra, Sapta Matruka, Kanaka Durga, Brahma, Saraswathi, Kumara Swamy, Kartikeya, Mahishasura Mardhini, Kala Bhairava, Naga sarpa, Nataraja, Dattatreya, Nageswara, Saneeswara, Radha Krishna, and Sankara.
History
The Prakara was designed by Sri Velupathi during the 10th century. The construction technique resembles those built during the Chalukya period. Gopuram was constructed under the direction of sri Alladu Reddy during the 14th century. During the 17th century, Kalyana mantapam (choultry) and Ashtha Bhuja Lakshmi Narayanaswamy alaya were constructed.
Festivals
Mahasivaratri is an important festival when thousands of people offer prayers to seek the blessings of the Ksheera Ramalingeswara Swamy to attain Mukti.
Transport
This temple is near the main bus station. Palakollu is connected to Indian Railways; the nearest railway station is .
References
External links
Ksheerarama
Photo gallery
Palakollu
Hindu temples in West Godavari district
Hindu holy cities
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Pancharama Kshetras
State protected monuments in Andhra Pradesh
Shiva temples in Andhra Pradesh
Tourist attractions in Palakollu
General Zulkifli Lubis (December 26, 1923 – June 23, 1993) was Chief of Staff of the Indonesian Army from 8 May 1955 to 26 June 1955 and founder and first Chairman of the first Intelligence Agency in Indonesia.
Early life
Zulkifli was the fifth of ten children. Their father was Aden Lubis, with the title of Sutan Srialam and their mother was Siti Rewan Nasution. Both of their parents were teachers at a Normaalschool.
Zulkifli Lubis enjoyed a Dutch education at the Hollandsch Inlansche School. After completing HIS, then Zulkifli continued to Meer Uitgebreid Lager Onderwijs (MULO). At that time Zulkifli Lubis begans reading the Deli Blaad newspaper, which they obtained from a friend who was selling it. Through Deli Blaad, Zulkifli got to know the speeches of Sukarno, Hatta, Mohammad Husni Thamrin and debates in the Volksraad. At MULO, Zulkifli and their friends were members of a Patriot group. They conducted silent opposition to Dutch rule by not singing the Dutch anthem, Wilhelmus, during ceremonies and inviting other participants in the ceremony to not sing as well.
After graduating from MULO, Zulkifli continued to Algemeene Middlebare School B in Yogyakarta. At AMS B, Zulkifli and their friends often held national discussions, including people from Parindra.
Japanese occupation period
When Japan occupied the Dutch East Indies, Zulkifli Lubis followed their friend's invitation to take part in youth training organized by the Japanese Army instead of being unemployed. After receiving about two months of training at the Seinen Kurensho (training center for youth ranks), Zulkifli received a special offer to receive military officer education at the Seinen Dojo (youth training center) Tangerang, with about 40 students from all over Java. Zulkifli Lubis, Kemal Idris and Daan Mogot were among the first batch and introduced Zulkifli to state intelligence.
Zulkifli was only there briefly, when they were transferred to Resentai (training corps) Bogor. Zulkifli Lubis' admiration for Japan subsided when they saw the conditions at the camp. Most of the instructors from the army were less professional and well kept. This differed from their time at Seinen Dojo, Tangerang, where the instructors thought more seriously and thoroughly. At Resentai Bogor, Zulkifli did not acquire sufficient military knowledge and skills, given that the education only lasted for 3 months.
In December 1943, the shodancho were appointed and then returned to their respective cities or regions of origin to participate in the formation of daidan (battalions). Second Lieutenants Zulkifli Lubis, Kemal Idris, Sabirin Mochtar, Satibi Darwis, Daan Mogot, Effendi, and Kusnowibowo helped Captain Tsuhiya Kiso to prepare for the formation of daidans on the island of Bali. Zulkifli Lubis, Kemal Idris and Daan Mogot were involved in a special team called Boei Giyugun Shidobu with the task of dealing with matters concerning the PETA battalions.
Intelligence Commander
In the middle of 1944, Zulikfli Lubis was invited by Rokugawa (former commander of the Seinen Dojo) to Malaysia and Japanese occupied Singapore. Zulkifli Lubis was the only Indonesian in Singapore to study state intelligence, with guidance from Rokugawa. Zulkifli and Rokugawa regularly reported to the Japanese commander for Southeast Asia in Singapore. Rokugawa taught Zulkifli on how to find out the number of residents in a city or know whether the people were anti-Japanese or pro-Japanese.
After studying intelligence abroad, Zulkifli returned to Indonesia, where they were involved in the Japanese plan to form intelligence groups in various places in Java as a guerrilla force to confront a potential Allied landing.
After the Japanese surrender, the Allies landed with little resistance from the intelligence group organized by Zulkifli Lubis. After the proclamation of independence, Zulkifli Lubis was entrusted by the central leadership of the People's Security Agency chaired by Kaprawi and assisted by Sutalaksana (Chairman I), Latief Hendraningrat (Chairman II), Arifin Abdurrachman and Machmud to begin preparations for the formation of an intelligence agency called the Badan Istimewa with, Sunarjo, Juwahir and GPH Djatikoesoemo, they formed the agency with about 40 former Giyūgun from around Java.
Zulkifli Lubis also formed the Penyelidikan Militer Chusus (PMC) at the end of 1945, with Sutopo Yuwono. PMC reported directly to President Sukarno. The agency sent expeditions to Sumatra, Kalimantan, Maluku and Nusa Tenggara and smuggled weapons from Singapore. This was carried out by the PMC in Sumatra, Kuala Enoch or Kuala Tungkal. The smuggling was also carried out to assist operations in Kalimantan under the leadership of Muljono and Tjilik Riwut.
In April 1946, the PMC branch in Purwakarta received fierce opposition from the army, because it was accused of carrying out a series of arbitrary arrests and seizures. These objections also appeared in other areas and led to the disbandment of the PMC by the People's Security Army Headquarters on May 3, 1946. Then a few months later, Zulkifli and Sutjipto (leader of the General Military Investigator) were involved in The July 3, 1946 incident, an attempted power struggle led by Major General Sudarsono, Head of Division III Yogyakarta. Sutjipto was caught, but Zulkifli Lubis managed to escape.
Zulkifli Lubis was able to cover their tracks after taking action and was granted a pardon from President Sukarno for their involvement in the 3 July 1946 Incident. Zulkifli Lubis was then entrusted with forming the Indonesian State Secret Service (Brani) and became its chairperson. To recruit members to Brani and, Zulkifli used mostly students, from the former Seinen Dojo and Yugeki.
Defense Minister Amir Sjarifuddin formed their own intelligence agency, called Defense Agency B, headed by former police commissioner, Sukardiman. This agency produced reports and analysis on the conditions for successful intelligence operations. On April 4, 1946, Amir Sjarifuddin ordered Roebiono, a doctor at the Defense Agency B, to form a secret news agency, called the Dinas Code – later to become the National Code Agency.
For political consolidation, while serving as Prime Minister of Indonesia, Amir Sjarifuddin dissolved Defense Agency B and Brani, forming a new agency, Section V (KPV), in 30 April 1947 as coordinator of intelligence operations, directly under the Ministry of Defense.
As a result of the Renville Agreement, the Amir Sjarifuddin Cabinet fell in January 1948. KP V was dissolved, and the Army General Staff (SUAD) was formed. I SUAD became an intelligence organization. Lubis returned to being its leader and concurrently head of the Java Command Headquarters (MBKD-I).
Military career
After 17 October affair, an internal conflict within the Army, Zulkifli was appointed Deputy Army Chief of Staff (Wakasad) by Indonesian Minister of Defense, Iwa Kusumasumantri, in December, 1953, accompanying Bambang Sugeng. After Bambang Sugeng resigned in mid 1955 they were appointed as Chief of Staff of the Indonesian Army. Due to the large number of votes against him, because they were considered pro-Western, they were replaced by Bambang Utoyo.
After the Cikini Incident on November 30, 1957, Zulkifli Lubis was accused of being one of the masterminds, Zulkifli Lubis denied the accusation. Instead, they recommended peaceful action against the terrorists, Ismail and Saleh Ibrahim. Both were part of Islamic groups that formed a network of Zulkifli Lubis' cells. At the time of the incident, Zulkifli Lubis was not at the scene of the crime, they were with Colonel Prajitno in Cideng, but the army began hunting for Zulkifli Lubis.
Zulkifli Lubis moved to Sumatra, where they joined the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia (PRRI) in around 1958. Zukifli had sympathies for the officers in the regions, and wanted to oppose the central government, Afterwards, Zulkifli Lubis became a fugitive until the fall of Sukarno.
Zulkifli died in Jakarta on June 23, 1993, at the age of 69 and was buried at Dreded Heroes Cemetery, Bogor, West Java.
References
Chiefs of Staff of the Indonesian Army
1923 births
1993 deaths
People from Banda Aceh
Indonesian generals
The Men's Roller Derby Association (MRDA) is the international governing body of men's flat track roller derby. It was founded in 2007 under the name Men's Derby Coalition (renamed to Men's Roller Derby Association in 2011), and currently has 75 open gender leagues under its jurisdiction. MRDA member leagues play using the rules of Flat-Track Roller Derby originally designed by the WFTDA.
Member leagues
The association has 74 active member leagues:
Inactive Leagues:
Championships
The MRDA-organized annual championships:
The first Championship was held on 17 October 2010, New York Shock Exchange defeating the Pioneer Valley Dirty Dozen in the final. The second installment, the first to be held under the MRDA name, was contested on 22 October 2011 by the six top-ranked men's leagues, New York managing to defend their title with a narrow win over Puget Sound.
The 2012 Championships were won by Your Mom Men's Derby, who beat St. Louis by a single point, 136–135 in the final, having trailed for almost the entire bout. They won the 2013 tournament by a larger margin, beating New York 249 to 130 in the final. The 2014 final was again won by Your Mom Men's Derby, this time beating St. Louis GateKeepers. The 2015 Championship once again saw Your Mom Men's Derby vs. the St. Louis GateKeepers. The GateKeepers won by a score of 188 to 121.
In 2018 the St Louis GateKeepers won MRDA champs for a record fourth year in a row, after defeating Bridgetown Menace 162–150. This was also the first year a team from outside the USA (Roller Derby Toulouse) won Bronze at the Championships.
References
External links
Men's roller derby
Sports organizations established in 2007
Charles John Baillie-Hamilton (4 January 1800 – 24 August 1865) was a British Conservative Party politician.
A member of the Baillie-Hamilton family headed by the Earl of Haddington, they were the son of the Venerable Charles Baillie, Archdeacon of Cleveland, son of the Honourable George Baillie, second son of Charles Hamilton, Lord Binning. Their mother was Lady Charlotte, daughter of Alexander Home, 9th Earl of Home. Four of their brothers also gained distinction. Sir George Baillie was Ambassador to Tuscany; William Baillie-Hamilton and Cospatrick Baillie-Hamilton were both Admirals in the Royal Navy; and Ker Baillie-Hamilton was Governor of the Leeward Islands.
Baillie-Hamilton was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Aylesbury at a by-election in July 1839, and held the seat until the 1847 general election, which they did not contest. They stood for Parliament again at a by-election in December 1857 for Buckinghamshire, but did not win the seat.
They married Lady Caroline, daughter of Willoughby Bertie, 4th Earl of Abingdon, in 1821. They had several children. They died in August 1865, aged 65. Lady Caroline died in March 1870.
References
External links
1800 births
1865 deaths
Charles John
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
Omana is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by J. D. Thottan. The film stars Ravichandran, Prem Nazir, Sheela and Rani Chandra in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Ravichandran
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Rani Chandra
Alummoodan
Sankaradi
Adoor Bhasi
Kousalya
Meena
Khadeeja
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. D. Thottan
Johannes Walther (July 20, 1860 in Neustadt an der Orla, Germany – May 4, 1937 in Bad Hofgastein, Germany) was a German geologist who discovered important principles of stratigraphy, including Walther's Law.
Early life and work
Walther came from a religious home and studied botany, zoology, and philosophy at the University of Jena. In 1882 they successfully completed this course with a doctorate. Then they studied geology and palaeontology in Leipzig and later Munich.
The following year they worked at the Stazione Zoologica in Naples as a lecturer, staying for two years. Among other things, they ran extensive sedimentological and biological studies.
In 1885 they returned to Jena and habilitated there in 1886 with a thesis on crinoids. After travelling, they were appointed as a professor at Jena in 1890.
Later life
Walther moved to the University of Halle in 1906, staying until 1929. Whilst there, they were in 1924 elected president of the prestigious German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, an office they held until 1931.
Publications
The Law of Desertification in the Present and the Past (Das Gesetz der Wüstenbildung in Gegenwart und Vorzeit), 2007 reprint
Modern Lithogenesis, 1883–84
Introduction to geology as a historical science (Einleitung in die Geologie als historische Wissenschaft), 1893–94
History of the Earth and Life, (Geschichte der Erde und des Lebens), 1908
General Palaeontology (Allgemeine Paläontologie), 1919–1927
References
External links
1860 births
1937 deaths
People from Neustadt an der Orla
People from Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach
19th-century German geologists
Callimetopus superbus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1947. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1947
San Sostene (Calabrian: ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It is one of the smallest comuni in the province.
The town is bordered by Badolato, Brognaturo, Cardinale, Davoli, Isca sullo Ionio, Sant'Andrea Apostolo dello Ionio and Satriano.
Economy
The main economical activities in the comune include:
use of wind power
cultivation of chestnuts
production of olive oil
production of wine for themselves
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Kabouter is the Dutch word for gnome or leprechaun. In folklore, the Dutch Kabouters are akin to the Irish Leprechaun, Scandinavian Tomte or Nisse, the English Hob, the Scottish Brownie and the German Klabauter or kobold.
In the folklore of the Low Countries, kabouters are tiny people who live underground, in a hill for instance. (In modern children's stories they live in mushrooms.) They are also spirits who help in the home. The males have long, full beards and wear tall, pointed red hats. They are generally shy of humans and in stories often punish people for spying on them. Throughout Flanders and the Netherlands they exist under a number of different local names like alvermannekes or auwelkes.
In the Legend of the Wooden Shoes, an old Dutch folktale, a kabouter teaches a Dutch man how to make piles and how to make wooden shoes.
The Dutch illustrator Rien Poortvliet played an important part in modern Kabouter lore with their publication of Leven en werken van de Kabouter (English title "Life and works of the Gnome"), later translated into English and published as "Gnomes".
In popular culture today, the business Travelocity uses a Rien Poortvliet-style statue of a Kabouter for commercials. They call them the Travelocity Roaming Gnome.
The term kabouter was also adopted by a 1970s hippie movement in Amsterdam that sprang from the Provo movement (see Kabouters). One of its best known representatives is Roel van Duijn.
See also
Dick Laan
Gnome King Kyrië
Kabouter Plop
Kabouter Wesley
Paulus the woodgnome
Notes
Dutch legendary creatures
Dutch words and phrases
Gnomes
Karl-Peter Schmidtke (born 16 December 1945) is a German sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics representing West Germany.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
German male sprinters
Olympic athletes of West Germany
People from Ludwigslust-Parchim
Anthony Darius Blaylock (born February 21, 1965) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. They played six seasons for the Cleveland Browns, the San Diego Chargers, and the Chicago Bears.
References
1965 births
Living people
Players of American football from Raleigh, North Carolina
American football cornerbacks
Winston-Salem State Rams football players
Cleveland Browns players
San Diego Chargers players
Chicago Bears players
Standard Interchange Format, called SIF, is a geospatial data exchange format. A standard or neutral format used to move graphics files between DOD Project 2851 and is currently codified in Content Standard for Digital Geospatial Metadata maintained by the Federal Geographic Data Committee.
Unit 69 of the NCGIA Core Corriculum in GIS states that SIF is a "popular data exchange format for many GIS packages" and was "developed to support exchange of data between Intergraph and other systems."
Navteq uses Standard Interchange Format (SIF)
Another example of data available in SIF format can be found online from the NASA's BOREAS project that also claims that the SIF format is "not well documented."
Additional criticism of SIF, along with recognition of SIF's ubiquity and utility for exchanging data, is acknowledged in the online journal article "Is a Standard Terrain Data Format Necessary?"
See also
Map database management
References
External links
Geocodes
Ceramonematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmodorida.
Genera:
Ceramonema Cobb, 1920
Dasynemella Cobb, 1933
Dasynemoides Chitwood, 1936
Metadasynemella De Coninck, 1942
Metadasynemoides Haspeslagh, 1973
Pristionema Cobb, 1933
Pselionema Cobb, 1933
Pterygonema Gerlach, 1953
References
Nematodes
Luis Carlos Gómez Centurión (May 31, 1922 – November 17, 2006) was an Argentine politician, military man, and de facto ruler of the province of Corrientes.
1922 births
People from Mendoza, Argentina
Argentine politicians
2006 deaths
Argentine generals
Dale Munson (May 8, 1931 – November 23, 2012) (from Minnesota) was a former television and radio personality, best remembered as the chief meteorologist for WOWT-TV in Omaha, Nebraska from the 1960s to 1991.
Their 46-year broadcasting career also included work in Iowa and Minnesota, before they spent eight years as an announcer and classical music DJ for KVNO radio in Omaha.
During their time at WOWT, Munson saw at first hand the devastation caused by the 1975 Omaha tornado, which caused particularly serious damage to their own neighborhood. The following year Munson was the victim of a violent attack in the station's lobby, where a woman who had asked to see them stabbed their cheek and arm with a knife. The injuries required hospital treatment, and the attacker was temporarily institutionalized.
Munson retired in 1991, but they were chosen by NOAA Weather Radio to present a program on the Omaha tornado's 25th anniversary in 2000, and they have continued to appear at Omaha public events. They received a lifetime achievement award from the University of Nebraska at Omaha's Department of Communication in 2000, and was named a member of the Nebraska Radio Personalities Hall of Fame in 2004. Munson died of a heart attack on Thursday, Nov. 22, 2012 in Lincoln, Nebraska at the age of 81.
References
American television meteorologists
American radio personalities
People from Minnesota
1931 births
2012 deaths
Ibrahim Al-Shehri () (born 23 February 1996) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al-Lewaa as a winger and left back.
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
Saudi Arabian footballers
Ittihad FC players
Al-Ain FC (Saudi Arabia) players
Al-Jabalain FC players
Al-Nojoom FC players
Al-Kawkab FC players
Al Jeel Club players
Al-Washm Club players
Al-Lewaa Club players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi First Division League players
Saudi Second Division players
Association football wingers
Association football fullbacks
Zhangeldi (, ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Torgay. Population:
Geography
Lakes Kushmurun and Sarykopa are located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Yantanabie is a town and rural locality in the wheat belt of South Australia, 37 miles inland from Streaky Bay, South Australia.
History
The town was proclaimed on 7 March 1918. The Yantanabie School opened in 1918 and closed in 1951.
By 1926, the township consisted of a school, a hall and two businesses. Messrs Jones and Penhale opened a general store in the town in 1919 that carried wheat, super, wool, and machinery and also offered insurance services and supervised the post office and telegraph business. Mrs M.R. Tynan had recently opened a general store and boarding house.
The Western Flinders Football Association comprised four teams, representing Yantanabie, Wirrulla, Poochera and Chandada.
Between 1916 and 1926, an average of 36,000 bags per year of wheat were delivered at the siding.
See also
A Hundred of Walpuppie
References
Notes
Citations
Eyre Peninsula
John F. Smith is an American soap opera writer and producer. During the WGA strike, they chose with the WGA and continued working.
Smith is best known for their stints as head writer of The Bold and the Beautiful and The Young and the Restless. Prior to Smith's tenure on Y&R, there was a period of widespread audience erosion. When John Smith was producer, ratings decreased by over 2 million viewers. Most of the decrease occurred in 2004 when Smith co-wrote the show with longtime Y&R scribe, Kay Alden.
Positions held
The Bold and the Beautiful
scriptwriter: January 22, 2008 – present
Breakdown Writer: January 22, 2008 – present
Executive Storyline Consultant: 2002 - 2003
Associate Head Writer: 1987 - 2002
The Young and the Restless
Co-Executive Producer: 2003- May 12, 2006
Co-Head Writer: June 2002 - November 2006
Associate Head Writer: 1986 - June 2002
scriptwriter: 1979 - 1986
Awards and nominations
Smith has been nominated for and won numerous Daytime Emmy, Writers Guild of America, and Producers Guild of America Awards.
Head Writing Tenure
Executive Producing Tenure
References
External links
CBS Daytime: Y&R & B&B
Living people
American soap opera writers
American male television writers
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Soap opera producers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
American television producers
Writers Guild of America Award winners
American male writers
American male screenwriters
Theerthayaathra is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. Vincent and produced by R. S. Prabhu. The film stars Madhu, Sharada, Sukumari and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles. The film had musical score by A. T. Ummer. The movie was also the debut film for Telugu actor Supriya (Jayalakshmi Reddy) as Parvathikkutty.
Cast
Madhu as Rajagopalan
Sharada as Savithri/Thaathrikkutty
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Kochikkaavu
Supriya (Fatafat Jayalaxmi) as Parvathikkutty
Adoor Bhasi as Pavithran Namboothiri
Philomina as Ammukuttyamma
Sukumari as Sreekumarikkutty
Master Sathyajith as Vasu
Prema as Kunjaathol
Sankaradi as Krishnan Ashan
Sudheer as Thankappan, Tile Company Owner
Abbas as Abdulla
Metilda
P. O. Thomas as Bus Driver Kuttappan
Pala Thankam as Pathumma
Premji as Thirumeni
R. K. Nair
Shantha
Sreeni
Sumithra as Nangyarukutty
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan as Rajagopalan's friend
Vijayakala
Subhadra
Soundtrack
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by A. Vincent
The Quarantine Act, 2005 is an act of the Parliament of Canada, which regulates the use of quarantine to prevent the introduction and spread of communicable diseases. Introduced in the aftermath of the 2002–04 SARS outbreak, the act grants the ability to designate quarantine facilities, require health screenings upon arrival or exit of the country, and issue emergency orders that impose conditions or prohibitions on the entry of individuals or imports in order to prevent the spread of communicable diseases. It also imposes fines on those who disobey quarantine officers or quarantine orders. The act was invoked in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
History
COVID-19 pandemic
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, the act was invoked for two purposes. It was used in order to mandate a quarantine of Canadian travellers who had been repatriated from the pandemic's origin, Wuhan, China. It was also used on March 25, when Minister of Health Patty Hajdu invoked the act effective at midnight that night, to legally require all international travellers (excluding essential workers) returning to Canada to self-isolate for 14 days, prohibiting those who are symptomatic from using public transit to reach a place of self-isolation, and prohibiting self-isolation in settings where they may come in contact with people with pre-existing conditions and the elderly.
On April 10, 2020, the RCMP disclosed it had been asked to enforce the act. Penalties for violations can include a fine of up to $750,000 and imprisonment for six months.
By May 20, police officers had made 2,198 "home visits to make sure Canadians [were] complying with the self-isolation rule when they cross[ed] back into the country". One returning traveller at Pearson International Airport was depicted with a full PPE isolation suit. Justin Trudeau "hint[ed] at new measures to track travellers who cross into Canada once border restrictions start to ease." The CBSA alerts the PHAC "if it suspects a returning traveller won't comply." The PHAC then notifies the national operations centre of the RCMP, who then coordinates with local police forces. Thus far, only one person in Richmond, British Columbia, was fined $1,000. The Trudeau government "expanded the Order-in-Council by saying that anyone return home from abroad without a credible self-isolation plan would be forced to stay at a designated quarantine facility, such as a hotel." Trudeau is puzzled by "those questions on non-essential travel". CPHO Tam "called the mandatory 14-day quarantine for arrivals a 'cornerstone' of federal pandemic policy." Trudeau said, "Once we get to a point where non-essential travel picks up again in the coming months, I guess, we need to have strong measures in place and we're looking at those closely."
See also
Emergencies Act
References
External links
Quarantine Act
2005 in Canadian law
38th Canadian Parliament
Canadian federal legislation
Legal history of Canada
Quarantine
The European Cloud Partnership (ECP) is an advisory group set up by the European Commission as part of the European Cloud Computing Strategy to provide guidance on the development of cloud computing in the European Union. The ECP is led by a steering board composed of representatives of the IT and telecom industry as well as European government policymakers.
History
After publishing a document, "Unleashing the Potential of Cloud Computing in Europe", the European Commission set up the European Cloud Partnership in 2012, with a steering board including both government and industry representatives. The ECP's first meeting was held on 19 November 2012; it was chaired by the President of Estonia Toomas Hendrik Ilves.
In 2013 the ECP began drafting its charter. That year, as information about the PRISM scandal came to light, the ECP emphasized the need for Europe to develop its own cloud infrastructure, rather than depend on that of the United States. It completed a report titled "Trusted Cloud Europe" in February 2014 defining its policy, and outlining a process for effective public and private sector participation in cloud computing development in Europe. The report recommended that the commission identify technical, legal and operational best practices, and promote these through certifications and guidelines, and facilitate recognition across national boundaries. The report also recommended that the commission identify cloud computing stakeholders and help them work together through consultations and workshops.
In March 2014, the European Commission invited external parties to submit opinions, take part in a discussion forum and complete an online survey in response to the report.
References
External links
Trusted Cloud Europe - a policy vision document by the Steering Board of the European Cloud Partnership - page 15
European Commission projects
Cloud computing
Information technology organizations based in Europe
This was the first edition of the tournament.
James Duckworth won the title after defeating Sam Barry 7–6(7–5), 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Singles
KPN Renewables Bangkok Open - Singles
in Thai tennis
Nürnberger Flugdienst Flight 108 was a scheduled regional flight which crashed near Essen, Germany, on 8 February 1988 with the loss of all 21 occupants. The flight was operated by Swearingen SA.227BC Metroliner III D-CABB for Nürnberger Flugdienst, from Hannover Airport to Düsseldorf Airport. It is the deadliest aviation accident involving the Swearingen Fairchild Metroliner.
Accident
Flight 108 took off from Hannover Airport at 7:15am and was on approach to runway 24 at Düsseldorf Airport by 7:50am, in a thunderstorm. The Captain of the flight was Ralf Borsdorf, 36, and the First Officer was Sibylle Heilmann, 29. At 7:56am both flight recorders abruptly stopped recording and the aircraft disappeared from secondary radar. Two minutes later, pieces of the Metro III impacted near Kettwig adjacent to the Ruhr River, killing all 21 people aboard.
Investigation
The investigation revealed that the aircraft had been hit by lightning during the approach to Düsseldorf Airport, which disrupted the electrical system and therefore the flight instruments. The pilots became disorientated and blindly entered a high speed descent. Witnesses on the ground described the plane as coming out of the clouds briefly and entering a climb, which suggested that the crew briefly regained orientation of the aircraft upon seeing the ground. However, once it re-entered the clouds the crew likely became disoriented again. After almost 2 minutes of "predominantly uncontrolled flight," one of the trailing edge flaps (which could not be retracted without electrical power) failed due to overloading, sending the aircraft into an unrecoverable spiral during which it disintegrated in midair.
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1988
Aviation accidents and incidents in Germany
1988 in aviation
1988 in Germany
Accidents and incidents involving the Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner
February 1988 events in Europe
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by lightning strikes
The 2000 World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships is the 10th edition of the World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships, which took place on 4-5 March 2000 in The Hague, Netherlands.
Medal winners
Results
Men
Women
External links
Results
World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships
2000 World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships
Sports competitions in The Hague
Robert Rooney (1937–2017) was an artist and art critic from Melbourne, Australia, and a leading figure in Australian Conceptual art.
Biography
Born in Melbourne on 24 September 1937, Rooney lived in Northcote until December 1939 when they moved to Broomfield Road, East Hawthorn. They trained at Swinburne College of Technology, Melbourne from 1954 to 1957, then at Preston Institute of Technology (Phillip Institute), Preston, between 1972 and 1973. Their early work was hard-edged abstraction based on cereal packets, knitting patterns and suburban design for which, by the early 1960s, they had become well known, and for which they gained national recognition with their inclusion in the seminal exhibition of colour field painting The Field exhibited at the National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne and Art Gallery of New South Wales in 1968.
From 1969 to 1981 Rooney turned their attention to systematic photographic observation in a conceptual art mode, prior to which, from 1954 to 1963 they had used a Box Brownie camera to take photographs as references for their paintings, drawings and prints. Rooney, who stopped taking the serial photographs in 1975, said ‘I don't particularly like photographer's photographs.'. After this period they returned to painting In 1982 with ‘The Red Card, Australia', 1944—45' based on a Communist Party membership card they found in a book 20 years earlier. They continued plays on such printed ephemera, and it was included by Paul Taylor in Popism, a major exhibition at the NGV of Post-Pop art.
Rooney wrote extensively on Australian art as critic for The Age (1980-July 1982) and as Melbourne Art Critic for The Australian (October 1982–99). They died on 21 March 2017.
Selected exhibitions
2013 Robert Rooney, the Box Brownie Years 1956–58, Centre for Contemporary Photography, Melbourne.
2012 Play, National Gallery of Australia, Canberra.
2010 Endless Present: Robert Rooney and Conceptual Art, National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne. Retrospective with context provided by art donated from their collection of local and international conceptual art contemporary to the time.
2009 Cubism and Australian Art, Heide Museum of Modern Art, Melbourne.
1990 The Readymade Boomerang: Certain Relations in 20th Century Art, 8th Biennale of Sydney.
1971 4 Conceptual Artists: Mel Ramsden, Ian Burn, Joseph Kosuth, Robert Rooney, Pinacotheca, Melbourne, with catalogue by Rooney.
1968 The Field, National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne and Art Gallery of New South Wales in 1968, seminal exhibition introducing international colour field painting into Australia.
Between 12 November 2010 and 27 March 2011, the National Gallery of Victoria held a retrospective of Rooney's work, titled 'Endless Present', w
Collections
Rooney's work is held in a number of state, regional and university collections, including:
National Gallery of Australia, Canberra
National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne
Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney
Art Gallery of South Australia, Adelaide
Art Gallery of Western Australia, Perth
Queensland Art Gallery, Brisbane.
References
Bibliography
Allen, T. Cross-Currents in Contemporary Australian Art, Craftsman House, 2001
Allen, C. Art in Australia: From Colonization to Postmodernism', Thames and Hudson, 1997
Allen, C. Conceptual Ascetic, Review, Weekend Australian, 5–6 February 2011
Allen, F. Portraits of an artist, The Herald-Sun, 7 March 2001
Barlow, G; Delaney, M; & McFarlane, K. (Eds.) Change – Monash University Museum of Art, Pub. MUMA, Melbourn 2010, p. 151
Burt, W. Thirty Years of Australian Experimental Music 1963–1993, Sounds Australian: Journal of Australian Music, Autumn 1993
Butler, R. A Secret History of Australian Art, Craftsman House, 2002
Campbell, J. Wide-Eyed: Melbourne, the US and Back Again, interview with Robert Rooney, John Campbell's Greatest Hits Vol. 1 (catalogue) Glen Eira City Gallery, 1999
Catalano, G. Building a Picture: Interviews with Australian Artists, McGraw-Hill, Australia, 1997
Catalano, G. Who's the Artist? Gary Catalano interview with Robert Rooney, Art Monthly Australia, June 1994
Catalano, G. Rooney retrospective reveals the enigma of a straight-shooter, The Age, 7 November 1990
Clabburn, A. Bizarreness seen as if for the first time, The Australian, 19 February 2001
Clement, T. Robert Rooney: Balletomania Australian Art Collector, Issue 37 – July – September 2006. p. 255
Colquhoun, B. The Lure of Light, interview with Robert Rooney, Art and Australia, 39/2, 2001
Crawford, A. Acquisitions in Australian Art Collector, Issue 47 – January–March 2009, pp. 134–135
Creagh, S. Open Gallery Sydney Morning Herald Spectrum 26–27 August 2006, p. 16
Crombie, I & Blainey, G. Sites of the Imagination: Contemporary Photographers View Melbourne and its People, National Gallery of Victoria, 1992
Duncan, J. From the Homefront: Robert Rooney: Works 1953–1988, catalogue, Monash University Gallery, 1990
Engberg, J. Downtown: Ruscha, Rooney, Arkley, catalogue, Museum of Modern Art at Heide, 1995
Ferber, S., Healy, C. & McAuliffe, C. (ed). Beasts of Suburbia, Melbourne University Press, 1994
Flynn, P. Endless Present, Artist Profile, issue 14, 2011
Gennochio, B. (ed.). The Art of Persuasion: Australian Art Criticism 1950–2001, Craftsman House, 2003
Gennochio, B. Accenting the Minimal, Weekend Australian, 1–2 February 2003
Gibson, J. Los Melbos, Art & Text 51, 1995
Gollings, J. & Mchell, G. New Australian Style, Thames & Hudson, 1999
Grishin, S. Australian Identities in Printmaking: The Print Collection of the Wagga Wagga Regional Art Gallery, Wagga Wagga Regional Art Gallery, NSW, 2000
Green, C. & Smith, J. (curators). Fieldwork: Australian Art 1968–2002, catalogue, Ian Potter Centre: NGV, Australia, 2002
Green, C. Have a Nice Day Mr. Rooney, Art/Text 66, 1999
Green, C. Pinacotheca, Art and Australia, 34:4, 1997
Green, C. Downtown: Arkley, Rooney, Ruscha, Artforum, November 1995
Green, C. Robert Rooney, Art & Text 47, January 1994
Grey, A. (ed). Australian Art in the National Gallery of Australia, National Gallery of Australia, 2002
Harding L, Cramer, S, Cubism and Australian Art, Heide Museum of Modern Art, Melbourne, 2010
Hartigan, P., Robert Rooney's out of the ordinary photography, That Saturday Paper, September 27, 2014 http://www.thesaturdaypaper.com.au/2014/09/27/robert-rooneys-out-the-ordinary-photography/14117400001026#.VC9ZrvmSxPc
Hay, A. (ed.). The perfect Week, The Bulletin, 20 February 2001
Heathcote, C. Manhattan to Bloomsbury, Art Monthly Australia, Dec/Jan 1990/1991
Heathcote, C. What do artists look forward to after the retrospective, The Age, 13 November 1991
Heathcote, C. Visual art speaks where words fail, The Age, 8 October 1993
Holt, S. & Murray, J. Luna Park and the Art of Mass Delirium, catalogue, Museum of Modern Art at Heide, 1998–1999
Holt, S. Just for Fun: Images of Luna Park and St Kilda, Art and Australia, 34:4, 1997
Hutchinson, N. Missing in action, The Sydney Morning Herald, June 16–17, 2001
James, B. Culture of a dynamic era, The Age, 6 September 1995
Kidd, C. Give Me Five, Artforce, summer, 1999/2000
Koop, S. (ed.) A Small History of Photography, Centre for Contemporary Photography, 1997
Lancashire, R. Painting of the Week: No: 8, What Price Victory? (1983), Robert Rooney', The Age, 21 May 2002
Lower, L.A. Robert Rooney, review, The Sydney Morning Herald, 25–26 October 2003
Lynn, E. Double Vision, The Australian, 17 February 1995
Makin, J. The way of all flesh, The Herald Sun, 17 June 2002
Mendelssohn, J. 1968, PRIMAVERA, The Australian, 15 September 1995
McAuliffe, C. & Yule, P. (eds.). Treasures: Highlights of the Cultural Collections of the University of Melbourne, Miegunyah Press, 2003
McAuliffe, C. Art and Suburbia, Craftsman House, 1996
McCulloch, S. Focus on structure: Highlighting our modern past, The Australian Financial Review, 23 March 2006
McCulloch, S. DOWNTOWN, The Australian, 24 March 1995
McDonald, K. Contemporary print collecting: Melbourne's print workshops and publishers, Art and Australia, 40:2, 2002
McDonald, E. & Annear, J (eds.). What is This Thing Called Photography?: Australian Photography 1975-1985, Pluto Press, 2000
McKenzie, B. & Phipps, J. Artists and wunderkinds, Artlink, 21:2, 2001
McKenzie, R. Women still firmly in the picture, The Age, 27 December 1995
McKenzie, R. Downtown: Ruscha, Rooney, Arkley, The Age, 29 March 1995
Michael, L.. 21st Century Modern: 2006 Adelaide Biennial of Australian Art, catalogue essay, exhibition catalogue, Art Gallery of South Australia, 2006
Michael, L. The Monash University Collection: People, Places and Ideas: Four Decades of Collection, catalogue, Monash University Museum of Art, 2002
Moore, C. Museum Hygiene, Photofile, March 1994
Morrell, T. Post Mortem Ante Facto, Broadsheet Vol. 33 No. 2, pp. 76–77
Murray Cree, L. & Drury, N (eds.). Australian Painting Now, Craftsman House, 2000
Nelson, R. Contemporary artists upstaging with understatement, The Age, 4 October 1995
Nelson, R. Blockbuster to schlockbuster, The Age, 27 December 1995
Nelson, R. Drawing on child art, The Age, 14 February 2001
Nelson, R. Imaginative life of children inspires, The Age, 8 June 2002
Nelson, R. Colouring Modern Life, The Age, 16 December 2003
Nelson, R. The high art of the routine, The Age, 8 February 2011
Neville, G. Quirky, offbeat look at the banal, The Age, 26 October 1990
Nicholson, H. Avant-Gardism for Children, catalogue, University Art Museum, The University of Queensland, 1999
Palmer, D. The order of things: the edition and the series in contemporary photomedia, Photophile 67, December 2002
Pestorius, D. Geometric Painting in Australia 1941–1997, catalogue, University Art Museum, The University of Queensland, 1997
Preston, E. Howard Arkley: Not Just a Suburban Boy, Duffy and Snellgrove, 2002
Queensland Art Gallery, Queensland Art Gallery: Collection Souvenir, Queensland Art Gallery, 1996
Reid, B. & Underhill, N. (eds.) Letters to John Reed: Defining Australian Cultural Life 1920–1981, Viking, 2001
Rhodes, K. The Camera is a Dumb Recording Device; Robert Rooney and the serial photographs in retrospective
Rogers, J. The Art of Knitting, Angus & Robertson, 1991
Rooney, R. Robert Rooney, 21st Century Modern: 2006 Adelaide Biennial of Australian Art catalogue essay, exhibition catalogue, Art Gallery of South Australia, 2006
Simpson, K. Memories are made of this, The Herald Sun, 21 March 1995
Smith, T. Transformation in Australian Art, Volume Two: The Twentieth Century – Modernism and Aboriginality, Craftsman House, 2002
Stanhope, Z. The Persistence of Pop: Works from the Monash University Collection, catalogue, Monash University Gallery, 1999
Thomas, D. Melbourne Modern: The Art of Robert Rooney, Art and Australia, 34:4, 1997
Tomas, D. Golden oldies: four artists who were new and exciting in the 1960s and early 1970s and are still going strong, Art and Australia, 50:4, 2013
Tobacco, W. Robert Rooney: Now and Then, Imprint, 37:3, Spring 2002
Tonkin, S. When visual and performing arts align, Silver lined – Contemporary artists and the Performing Arts Collection exhibition catalogue, The Arts Centre, Melbourne, Australia, 2008
Virgo, A. Australia: Limited Edition Prints, catalogue, The 16th Asian International Art Exhibition, Australian Print Workshop, 2001
Wadelton, D. From ‘Red Rattlers' to Lara Croft, Interview with Robert Rooney, Art and Australia, 38/2, 2000
Whiteoak, J. & Scott-Maxwell, A. (eds.). Currency Companion to Music and Dance in Australia, Currency House, 2003
Whiteoak, J. Playing ad Lib: Improvisatory Music in Australia 1836–1970, Currency Press, 1999
Whiteoak, J. Melbourne Leads the Revolution, La Trobe Bulletin, September 1994
Zimmer, J. From the Homefront: Robert Rooney 1953–88, Art and Australia, 28:4, 1991
Zimmer, J. In an Artist's Obsessive Zone, The Herald, 11 November 1990
External links
Biography/CV - on the Darren Knight Gallery website.
The High Art of the Routine - Review of 'Endless Present', from The Age.
Untitled: Portraits of Australian Artists - Chapter on Robert Rooney, at Academia.edu
1937 births
2017 deaths
Australian painters
Australian art critics
Australian photographers
Ntazana "Taz" Mayembe (born 26 January 2003) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Cardiff City. Born in Wales, they represent the Zambia national team.
Career
Mayembe joined the youth academy of Cardiff City at the age of 10. In January 2020, they signed their first professional contract with Cardiff. They made the bench for Cardiff City for the first time on 29 January 2020. On June 10, 2022, Cardiff announced Mayembe would be leaving the club on June 30 when their contract expired.
International career
Born in Wales, Mayembe is of Zambian descent. They have been called up to represent both England and Wales at schoolboy level. Mayembe debuted for the Zambia national team in a friendly 3–1 loss to Senegal on 5 June 2021.
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Footballers from Bridgend
Zambian footballers
Zambia international footballers
Welsh footballers
Welsh people of Zambian descent
Cardiff City F.C. players
Association football wingers
Johann Conrad Werdmüller (10 November 1819, Zürich - 3 September 1892, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a Swiss illustrator and engraver.
Biography
They were the only son of Salomon Werdmüller and their wife Margarethe, née Bertschinger. They both died when they were still quite young, so they and their sister were raised in an orphanage. After finishing school, they served an apprenticeship with Georg Christoph Friedrich Oberkogler (1774-1856), an engraver. They were also taught lithography.
Upon completing their training there, they made copies of a large cycle of murals in the cloister of Töss Monastery, on behalf of , an engineer who wanted to preserve them before the cloister was demolished.
After 1838, they continued their education at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich, where they became friends with Gottfried Keller, whose works they would later help illustrate. They also studied with the Swiss engraver, Samuel Amsler. From 1846 to 1848, they worked as independent engraver in Paris, working from the same building as Arnold Böcklin and Rudolf Koller. In 1848, they returned to Zürich.
In 1853, they discovered that they had a talent for teaching, after serving as a substitute teacher at the Industrieschule. After two years of teaching there, they were given an assignment to teach figure drawing as part of the preparatory course at the building school of the newly founded Polytechnikum. They held this position for thirty-five years. In addition, they worked at the High School for Women and at the University of Zürich. In the 1870s, they received a lifetime appointment as senior instructor at the Industrieschule.
References
External links
1819 births
1892 deaths
Swiss engravers
Swiss lithographers
Artists from Zürich
ETH Zurich faculty
Emilio H. Navaira III (August 23, 1962 – May 16, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter of Tejano and country music.  They are the winner of one Grammy Award and one Latin Grammy Award.
Known to most by the mononym Emilio, they charted more than ten singles on the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks charts, in addition to six singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. Emilio was also one of the few Tejano artists to have significant success in both the United States and Mexico, and was called the "Garth Brooks of Tejano". Their biggest country hit was the No. 27 "It's Not the End of the World" in late 1995, and their highest-charting single on any chart is "Por Siempre Unidos," which peaked at No. 7 on Latin Pop Airplay in 1996. Along with Selena, Emilio was one of the most prominent artists that helped popularize Tejano music.
Early life
Emilio H. Navaira III was born on August 23, 1962, in San Antonio, Texas, to Mexican-American parents, Emilio Navaira, Jr. and Maria Hernandez. Growing up on the south side of San Antonio, Navaira found each influence in not only Tejano legends such as Little Joe y la Familia, but also Lone Star country music heroes such as Willie Nelson, Bob Wills, and George Strait. As a student, Navaira graduated from McCollum High School in 1980, received a music scholarship to Texas State University, and majored in music with plans to become a teacher before ultimately deciding to pursue a career as an artist.
Musical career
In 1983 at age 21, Emilio began theirs performing career by singing lead vocals for David Lee Garza y Los Musicales. In 1987, Cuantas Veces by David Lee Garza Y Los Musicales beat out Alpha by Mexican American singer Selena for Album of the Year at the Tejano Music Awards. In 1989, Navaira formed their own band, Emilio y Grupo Rio. That same year Emilio signed with Columbia Records (then known as CBS Records). This relationship resulted in Emilio recording more than fifteen studio albums to date, including several with their Rio Band.
By the mid 1990s, Emilio began crediting themselves solely as Emilio, eventually switching their focus to country music. Between 1989 and 1996, Emilio had released seven Spanish albums with cumulative sales of about 2 million. This success lead to mainstream commercial exposure, with companies such as Coca-Cola and Wrangler Jeans using their songs in their advertisements in the 1990s. Emilio had also gained a sponsorship with Miller Lite beer, who had persuaded them to use their slogan at the time, "Life is good," as the title of their first country album.
Emilio signed with Capitol Records and released their first country music single called "It's Not the End of the World" which reached the Top 30 on the country charts in 1995. Their album was a surprise success as well reaching No. 13 on the country charts and also a high placing on the Top 200. Several more singles including a Spanish version of "It's Not the End of the World" followed but none of these singles came close to the Top 40 except "Even If I Tried" which reached No. 41 in 1996. In 1997, they released a second country album, "It's on the House" but it was not as successful as their first country album. Two more minor country singles followed and gradually Emilio faded from country music and increasingly came back to Tejano music.
Their 2002 album Acuérdate won the Grammy Award for Best Tejano Album and their 2007 album De Nuevo won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Tejano Album.
Personal life
Navaira has five children. Their three children from their first marriage to Cynthia Navaira also perform for Grupo Rio. Emilio Navaira IV plays drums, and Diego Navaira plays guitar and daughter Emely. Emilio IV and Diego also had a band named Ready Revolution; in 2014 they formed The Last Bandoleros, a Tex-Mex-foursome that toured with Sting in 2017. Diego is mainly known for vocals and credited with being on The Voice, which they did not win. They also have two children from their second marriage to Maru Navaira,
Navaira has two siblings: Raul "Raulito" Navaira, who performs back-up vocals for Grupo Rio; and Yvette Navaira. Navaira was a Republican.
Driving accidents
Navaira was hospitalized in critical condition after their tour bus crashed early in the morning on March 23, 2008, in Bellaire (a small municipality partially surrounded by Houston, Texas). Navaira had performed the previous night at Hallabaloos, a Houston nightclub and they were at the wheel of the tour bus as it traveled north along west 610 Loop near the Southwest Freeway when it crashed into a set of freeway barrels shortly before 4 am. Emilio was taken by Life Flight to Memorial Hermann Hospital where a blood clot in their head was removed; Emilio's initial treatment included being kept in a medically induced coma and induced hypothermia to minimize brain swelling. Doctors cautioned that they might not survive.
On September 24, 2008, Emilio was involved in another car accident in San Antonio as a passenger while their wife was driving. According to a witness, the Navairas were stopped in a turn lane when a truck crossed at least two lanes of traffic and struck their vehicle. Both Emilio and their wife Maria were released from the hospital the following day. Emilio's agent, Joe Casias, stated that Emilio and their wife were headed home from a rehabilitation therapy appointment stemming from the March tour bus accident.
Death
Emilio was found dead by their wife in their New Braunfels home on May 16, 2016, at 53 Emilio performed their last known concert in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico, on May 11, 2016, as part of a concert celebrating Mother's Day in that city. Reports indicated they suffered a massive heart attack. Authorities said their investigation into the death of Navaira showed that they died of natural causes because of cardiovascular disease, and found no sign of foul play.
Discography
Studio albums
ASouthern Exposure also peaked at No. 39 on US Heatseekers.
Singles
ACredited to Emilio Navaira.
B"No Es El Fin del Mundo" is a Spanish-language version of "It's Not the End of the World".
C"Por Siempre Unidos" also peaked at No. 7 on Latin Pop Airplay.
Guest singles
Music videos
References
1962 births
2016 deaths
American country singer-songwriters
Grammy Award winners
Latin Grammy Award winners
American musicians of Mexican descent
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Musicians from San Antonio
Musicians from New Braunfels, Texas
Spanish-language singers of the United States
Capitol Records artists
People from New Braunfels, Texas
Writers from San Antonio
Tejano musicians
Latin music songwriters
Singer-songwriters from Texas
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
Country musicians from Texas
Head First is an Australian documentary television series which premiered on ABC2 from 1 May 2013. It is presented by Sabour Bradley. The series focuses on controversial topics in Australian society such as transgender issues, stem cell research, the porn industry, and rhino poaching in Africa. The second season of the show aired on ABC1 from 16 July 2014. The series was a critical success. Ratings for the fourth episode of season 1 were the highest overnight figures for an ABC2-commissioned show ever. Reruns air on both ABC2 and ABC1.
References
External links
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
2010s Australian documentary television series
2013 Australian television series debuts
Dogovor iz 1804. (, trans. The 1804 Agreement) was a Yugoslav rock band formed in Belgrade in 1968. Although short-lived, the band is notable as one of the pioneers of the Yugoslav progressive and psychedelic rock scenes.
History
1968-1970
The band was formed in November 1968 by Nebojša "Nebe" Ignjatović (acoustic guitar, piano, flute, vocals), Robert Nemeček (bass guitar), Aleksandar Stajić (guitar, flue), Dejan Vasiljević (double bass), Stevan Milutinović (drums) and Aleksandar Farebnaher (tabla). Their name alluded to the beginning of the First Serbian Uprising in 1804.
Dogovor iz 1804. was one of the first Yugoslav bands to move away from beat and rhythm and blues towards more progressive sound with influences of music from various cultures. They were also one of the first Yugoslav bands to perform their own material exclusively. The largest part of the material was composed by Nebojša Ignjatović. The band had notable performances on the 1969 Subotica Youth Festival and Belgrade Guitar Festival. Their song "Sećanje na san" ("Memory of a Dream") was released on the 7" single Gitarijada 69 (Guitar Festival 69) by Beograd Disk, alongside the song "Tužan sam kad kiša pada" ("I'm Sad when It Rains") by the band Exodusi. The band recorded demos for the songs "Krug" ("The Circle"), "Vetar" ("The Wind"), "S one strane oblika" ("On the Other Side of Shapes"), today awailable on YouTube, but never officially released. Having one of their last performances at the 1970 Belgrade Spring festival, the band ended their activity in 1970.
Post breakup
After the group disbanded Robert Nemeček moved to Džentlmeni, and in 1972 was among the forming members of the progressive/hard rock band Pop Mašina, with which they achieved large popularity.
Nebojša Ignjatović graduated and later got a magister degree from the Belgrade Faculty of Music Arts. They worked as a professor on the Faculty of Music Arts and played double bass in the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra. In the 1990s they took part in the Rubber Soul Project.
Stevan Milutinović would play in the bands Dah and Gordi.
The song "Sećanje na san" was released in 1994 on the Komuna compilation album Plima: Progresivna muzika (The Tide: Progressive Music) as a part of the YU retROCKspektiva (YU RetROCKspective) album series.
Discography
"Sećanje na san" (Gitarijada 69, 1969)
References
External links
Dogovor iz 1804. at Discogs
Serbian progressive rock groups
Serbian psychedelic rock music groups
Yugoslav progressive rock groups
Yugoslav psychedelic rock music groups
Musical groups from Belgrade
Musical groups established in 1968
Musical groups disestablished in 1970
Charles Billingsley (born January 7, 1970 in Clovis, NM) is a Preacher, christian singer, worship leader, songwriter, speaker and author.
Career
Billingsley began their solo career the day after they graduated from Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama in 1992. After two years, they joined the contemporary Christian music group NewSong. In 1994, they released People Get Ready featuring "Arise My Love." That album had four number one hits. After two years with NewSong, Charles left to pursue a solo career, averaging 200 concerts a year.
In 2002 Billingsley became the worship pastor at Thomas Road Baptist Church, as well as the artist-in-residence at Liberty University. In 2005, Billingsley moved to San Diego, California to work with Dr. David Jeremiah at the Shadow Mountain Community Church, home of Turning Point Ministries.
After two years in San Diego, Billingsley returned to Thomas Road Baptist Church where they resumed their position of worship leader and served on the advisory council of the Center for Worship at Liberty University. In 2011, they helped launch a new publishing company, Red Tie Music, that is a partnership with Thomas Road Baptist Church and Liberty University. On May 14, 2017 Billingsley announced they would be returning to Shadow Mountain Community Church to work with Dr. David Jeremiah as worship pastor.
In July 2017, Billingsley became the worship pastor at Shadow Mountain Community Church. Billingsley still travels throughout the year as a worship leader for the Women of Joy, Gridiron Men and Celebrator's conferences as well as a solo concert artist.
In February 2019, Billingsley announced their departure from Shadow Mountain Community Church to pursue their concert ministry full-time.
Discography
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Christians from California
Christians from New Mexico
Christians from Virginia
Songwriters from New Mexico
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
American male songwriters
The seventh season of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, an American reality television series, aired on Bravo from December 6, 2016 to April 25, 2017, and is primarily filmed in Beverly Hills, California.
The season focuses on the personal and professional lives of Kyle Richards, Lisa Vanderpump, Eileen Davidson, Lisa Rinna, Erika Girardi and Dorit Kemsley. The season consists of 21 episodes.
This was the final season for Davidson.
The seasons executive producers are Andrew Hoegl, Barrie Bernstein, Lisa Shannon, Pam Healy and Andy Cohen.
Production and crew
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills was renewed for a seventh season in April 2016. In August 2016, it was revealed that filming for the seventh season had begun with the announcement of a returning housewife. On November 1, 2016, the trailer, premiere date and full cast were officially revealed.
The season will premiere on December 6, 2016.
Alex Baskin, Chris Cullen, Douglas Ross, Greg Stewart, Toni Gallagher, Dave Rupel and Andy Cohen are recognized as the series' executive producers; it is produced and distributed by Evolution Media.
Cast and synopsis
Cast
In June 2016, Yolanda Hadid announced that they had decided to leave the series after season six. Hadid revealed that they wished could depart the series on higher note, alluding to last years storyline revolving around their health. Shortly after Hadid's departure, the network released a statement wishing them well and leaving the door open for them saying, "We wish them a full recovery and hope to see them again sometime on the show."
On July 7, 2016, Lisa Vanderpump announced that they had considered departing the series but went on to announce their return for season seven. On the same day as Vanderpump's announcement of their return, Kathryn Edwards announced their departure. Edwards said the reason for their departure was due to prioritizing what they value most and they value time with their husband. They went on to say that they are very private and they valued their time on the series. Edwards also looks forward to watching season seven saying, "I'm dying to see what's going to happen with Vanderpump and the crew next season!"
In August 2016, Eileen Davidson confirmed they would return for their third consecutive season. That same month, Kyle Richards was also returning to season seven, due to Bravo sharing a photo of the camera crew in their kitchen. Richards also went on to tease the new dynamic and shift in the series due to a new cast member. Richards also expressed that they would like their sister and former castmate, Kim Richards, to return to the series.
In addition to the three returning housewives, it had been revealed that, Eden Sassoon, daughter of hairstylist Vidal Sassoon was filming for the upcoming season as well as former cast member Camille Grammer. Grammer went on to describe a party that had been filmed and in attendance was returning wives Richards and Davidson as well as season six's Erika Girardi. Later in September, Vanderpump confirmed their close friend, Dorit Kemsley, had been filming for the seventh season, and that Glanville would not be making any appearances in the season. On September 19, 2016, during an interview with Access Hollywood, Kyle Richards confirmed that Sassoon would appear in a recurring capacity. In the same interview, Rinna also confirmed Sassoon's arrival to the series as well as confirming their own return. On October 27, 2016, Bravo confirmed that the seventh season would feature six housewives; this included the previously confirmed Vanderpump, Kyle Richards and Rinna. In the following days Bravo official confirmed Davidson and Girardi's return. On November 1, 2016, Bravo announced the six wives to be featured in the seventh season would be Vanderpump, Kyle Richards, Rinna, Davidson, Girardi and newcomer, Dorit Kemsley. In the official trailer for the season, it was revealed that former housewives Camille Grammer and Kim Richards would make guest appearances.
Kemsley, who joins the series as a close friend of Vanderpump, grew up in Woodbridge, Connecticut. Soon after leaving their hometown at 19-years-old, Kemsley arrived in Italy, where they used their bachelor's degree in marketing, design and communication at a global swimwear company. After working for the company for a decade, Kemsley moved to New York and began designing their own clothes for their company, Dorit, that specializes in Italian resort and swimwear. In New York, Kemsley met English business person, Paul Kemsley. The pair married on March 7, 2015, which was documented by Wedding Style magazine, and since the pair have had two children together; a two-year-old son, Jagger, and a daughter, Phoenix. When the couple isn't raising their kids they run their management company, Nixxi Entertainment, with clients such as Boy George and Pelé. Although Kemsley juggles hosting events for the management company, raising a family and designing clothes, they still maintain time for organizations such as Safe Kids.
Also joining the seventh season, in a recurring capacity, is Eden Sassoon. Sassoon is the daughter of beauty mogul, Vidal Sassoon and actor, Beverly Adams. Sassoon has gone on to extend the legacy with owning two salons, EDEN by Eden Sassoon, and two Pilates studios. Not only does Sassoon own four businesses, they have also built a nonprofit organization, Beauty Gives Back. Sassoon's organization helps fight the global water crisis by uniting the hair industry. Sassoon is the mother of two, Olivia and Tyler, in which they share custody with their ex-husband. They struggle with the challenge of being a single mother as well as finding the time to run their multiple businesses. With being sober for four-years, Sassoon lives in a constant cleanse and is described to be a person who is "outspoken" and has a "flirtatious lifestyle."
Episodes
References
External links
2016 American television seasons
2017 American television seasons
Beverly Hills (season 7)
Events in the year 2016 in El Salvador.
Incumbents
President: Salvador Sánchez Cerén
Vice President: Óscar Ortiz
Events
August
August 5-21 - 8 athletes from El Salvador competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
References
2010s in El Salvador
Years of the 21st century in El Salvador
El Salvador
Ingrid Rothfuß (born 10 October 1948) is a German former cross-country skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
World Championships
References
1948 births
Living people
German female cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of West Germany
Cross-country skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
The Kaiman class were a class of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy before World War I. They were designed by Simon Lake and built at the W:m Crichton & C:o Okhta shipyard in Saint Petersburg. The boats had numerous defects resulting in a legal battle between Lake and the Russian Government. The boats were impounded in 1910 and rebuilding work took place to remedy some of the defects. The boats finally commissioned in 1911 and served in the Baltic Fleet.
Ships
All four ships were built by Crichton Yard, Saint Petersburg, served in the Baltic Fleet and were scuttled in Reval in February 1918 to prevent capture by the Germans.
Notes
Bibliography
Submarine classes
Submarines of the Imperial Russian Navy
Inherit the Viper is a 2019 American crime drama film directed by Anthony Jerjen, in their feature directorial debut, from a screenplay by Andrew Crabtree. It stars Josh Hartnett, Margarita Levieva, Chandler Riggs, Bruce Dern, Valorie Curry, Owen Teague, and Dash Mihok.
Inherit the Viper had its world premiere at the 2019 Zurich Film Festival, and was released in a limited theatrical engagement before premiering on video-on-demand on January 10, 2020, by Lionsgate.
Plot
For siblings Kip and Josie, dealing opioids is not just their family business, it is their only means of survival. When a deal goes fatally wrong, Kip decides they want out for good. But their attempt to escape their family's legacy soon ignites a powder keg of violence and betrayal, endangering Kip, Josie, and their younger brother.
Cast
Josh Hartnett as Kip Conley
Margarita Levieva as Josie Conley
Chandler Riggs as Cooper
Bruce Dern as Clay Carter
Valorie Curry as Eve
Owen Teague as Boots Conley
Artrial Clark as Boots' Friend
Dash Mihok as Kyle Knox
Brad William Henke as Tedd Wallace
Jared Bankens as Marcus
Blaine Kern III as Ryan
Tara Buck as Eliza
G-Rod as Duane
Garrett Kruithof as Packard
Production
In November 2017, it was announced Josh Hartnett and Margarita Levieva joined the cast of the film, with Anthony Jerjen directing from a screenplay written by Anthony Crabtree. Michel Merkt and Benito Mueller will produce the film, while Wolfgang Mueller will serve as an executive producer under their Barry Films banner. In December 2017, Bruce Dern, Owen Teague, Valorie Curry, Chandler Riggs and Dash Mihok joined the cast of the film.
Principal photography began in December 2017.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of .
References
External links
2019 films
American crime drama films
American thriller drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Myenchildae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Aphelenchida.
Genera:
Myenchus
Myoryctes
References
Nematodes
Gospodinov () is a Bulgarian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Gospodinova. It may refer to:
Anatoli Gospodinov (born 1994), Bulgarian football goalkeeper
Bistra Gospodinova (born 1966), Bulgarian swimmer
Georgi Gospodinov (born 1968), Bulgarian poet, writer and playwright
Hristo Gospodinov (born 1979), Bulgarian football midfielder
Kiril Gospodinov (1934–2003), Bulgarian theater and film actor
Marian Gospodinov (born 1974), Bulgarian football player
Olga Gospodinova (born 1992), Bulgarian ice hockey player
Stanimir Gospodinov (born 1975), Bulgarian football defender
Valentina Gospodinova (born 1987), Bulgarian football striker
Vanya Gospodinova (born 1958), Bulgarian middle-distance runner
Vasil Gospodinov (born 1993), Bulgarian weightlifter
Yordan Gospodinov (born 1978), Bulgarian football goalkeeper
Zhivko Gospodinov (1957–2015), Bulgarian football player
Bulgarian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Anne Said (19 August 1914 – 1995) was a British artist known for the quality of their drawings.
Biography
Said was born in Hook in Hampshire and was educated at Queen's College in central London from 1925 to 1930. During the 1930s they studied art in Paris, occasionally taking lessions from Amédée Ozenfant which they paid for by designing and selling fabrics. In 1941 Said moved to Egypt where they taught art to a group of students with their husband Hamed Said. This resulted in two group exhibitions held in Cairo in 1948 and 1955. Similar exhibitions were held in England hosted by the Arts Council during 1949 and in 1952 at the Islamic Cultural Centre in London. Later works by Said were included in a joint English and Egyptian limited edition book, The Word & The Image. Said returned to England in 1955 and had a solo exhibition at the Beaux Arts Gallery in 1957 and also showed works at the New Art Centre. In 1960 they moved to Wiltshire and there, among other works, they produced the drawing Jo's Wild Wood which is now in the Tate collection.
Said's early works were signed Anne Cobham and their daughter is the artist Safaya Salter.
References
External links
1914 births
1995 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
Artists from Hampshire
English women painters
People educated at Queen's College, London
People from Hart District
Roermond was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between the first Belgian parliamentary election in 1831, and the transfer of Roermond to the Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1839, under the stipulations of the Treaty of London.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Oakleigh House School is a co-educational independent primary school in Swansea, Wales. The school is owned and operated by the Cognita Group, and is situated in the Uplands area of the city.
History
Oakleigh House School was established in 1919. In 1995, it became part of the Ffynone House School Trust, and in 2007 it joined the Cognita Group of Schools.
In 2016, the School received the NACE Cymru Challenge Award.
Facilities
Facilities in Oakleigh House include a hall, outdoor areas, a nursery, ICT rooms and on site catering.
Pupils follow a defined curriculum which incorporates key elements of the Foundation Phase but is not bound by it.
Sport
Oakleigh House offers a variety of sports along, with fixtures against other schools taking place on a regular basis, and team sports being represented at all levels.
From Year 3 pupils travel to Swansea University for their twice-weekly games lessons, where they have exclusive use of the indoor track and outdoor pitches. They also have swimming lessons at Wales National Pool.
Notable former pupils
Prominent former pupils of the school include:
Michael Heseltine
Eddie Izzard
Alun Wyn Jones
References
External links
Oakleigh House School
Independent schools in Swansea
Preparatory schools in Wales
Educational institutions established in 1919
1919 establishments in Wales
Cognita
An arms embargo is a restriction or a set of sanctions that applies either solely to weaponry or also to "dual-use technology." An arms embargo may serve one or more purposes:
to signal disapproval of the behavior of a certain actor
to maintain neutrality in an ongoing conflict
as a peace mechanism that is part of a peace process to resolve an armed conflict
to limit the ability of an actor to inflict violence on others
to weaken a country's military capabilities before a foreign intervention
Historical examples
Argentina
US President Jimmy Carter imposed an arms embargo on the military government of Argentina in 1977 in response to human rights abuses.
An arms embargo was put in place, along with other economic sanctions by the European Economic Community (EEC), within a week of the 1982 invasion of the Falkland Islands by Argentina, two British dependent territories in the South Atlantic. The European nations ended the embargo after the end of the ensuing Falklands War, and Argentina looked to Western European countries and Israel for arms supplies during the US embargo until it was lifted in 1989.
Indonesia
The US government imposed an arms embargo against Indonesia in 1999 because of human rights violations in East Timor. The embargo was lifted in 2005.
Iran
The United States imposed economic sanctions against Iran following the Iranian Revolution in 1979. However, to secure the release of American hostages, several senior Reagan administration officials secretly facilitated the sale of arms to Iran in the 1980s in a scandal called the Iran–Contra affair. In 1995, the US expanded sanctions to include firms dealing with the Iranian government.
In March 2007, UN Security Council Resolution 1747 tightened the sanctions imposed on Iran in connection with the Iranian nuclear program. The sanctions were lifted on 16 January 2016.
In September 2020, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced the imposition of an arms embargo on the Iranian Ministry of Defence and Armed Forces Logistics and other entities involved in Iran's nuclear program, including the government of the disputed Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro for providing weapons to Iran.
On 18 October 2020, Iran announced that the United Nations conventional arms embargo imposed on the country in 2007 had expired. The embargo had barred Iran from purchasing arms, including tanks and fighter jets, from foreign nations. The embargo was lifted as per the conditions under Iran's 2015 nuclear deal with world leaders, despite US objections.
People's Republic of China
The United States and the European Union stopped exporting arms to China after 1989 after the violent suppression of protests in Tiananmen Square. In 2004 and 2005, there was some debate in the EU over whether to lift the embargo.
South Africa
UN Security Council Resolution 418 applied an arms embargo of South Africa in 1977 on dual-use items. The embargo was lifted by Resolution 919 in 1994.
United States
To protest the Vietnam War, Sweden imposed an arms embargo on the United States in 1966. That notably deprived Navy SEALs of the Carl Gustav m/45 submachine gun, which resulted in the creation of the Smith & Wesson M76.
List of current arms embargoes
The countries included in the list are under arms embargo of the UN or another international organization such as the EU and the OSCE and others) or a country. In some cases the arms embargo is supplemented by a general trade embargo, other sanctions (financial), or travel ban for specific persons. In some cases, the arms embargo applies to any entity residing or established in the country, but in others. it is partial with the recognized government's forces and international peacekeepers being exempted from the embargo.
Arms embargo by UN
Central African Republic (by UN), 2013–
Democratic Republic of the Congo (by UN, EU), 2003/1993– (UN/EU)
Iraq (by UN, EU), 1990– (no longer in effect U.N. council brings Iraq closer to end of 1990s sanctions)
Libya (by UN) 2011–
North Korea (by UN, EU), arms and luxury goods, 2006–
Lebanon (by UN, EU), 2006–
Somalia (by UN, EU), 1992/2002– (UN/EU)
South Sudan (by UN) 2018–
Sudan (by UN, EU), 2004/1994– (UN/EU)
Former embargos
Eritrea (by UN, EU), 2010–2018
Iran (by UN, EU), 2006–2020
Ivory Coast (by UN, EU), 2004–2016
Rwanda (by UN in Resolution 918 and EU) (UN: 1994–2008, EU)
Sierra Leone (by UN and EU), 1997–2010
Yugoslavia (by UN in Resolution 713 and EU) (UN/EU: September 1991)
Arms embargo by others
Argentina (by the United Kingdom) 1982-
Armenia (by OSCE), 1992–
Azerbaijan (by OSCE), 1992–
Cuba (by US), 1958–
Myanmar (by EU), 1990–
People's Republic of China (by EU/US), 1989–
Guinea (by EU), 2009–
Zimbabwe (by EU), 2002–
Former embargos
Syria (by EU), 2011–2013
Turkey (by the USA) 1975–1978
Uzbekistan (by EU), 2005–2009
Vietnam (by US) 1984–1995
See also
Arms control
Arms Export Control Act (United States)
Arms industry
References
External links
Hellström, Jerker (2010) "The EU Arms Embargo on China: a Swedish Perspective", Swedish Defence Research Agency
US Bureau of Industry and Security
UK Current Arms Embargoes and Other Restrictions
European Commission CFSP Sanctions
SIPRI database of multilateral arms embargoes since 1950
Arms control
Embargoes
Peace mechanisms
"Meant to Be" is a song recorded by American singer Bebe Rexha featuring American country music duo Florida Georgia Line, from Rexha's third extended play (EP) All Your Fault: Pt. 2 and later included in their debut studio album Expectations (2018). It was sent to American contemporary hit radio on October 24, 2017, by Warner Bros. Records as the second single from the EP. It was nominated for Best Country Duo/Group Performance at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards. Rexha's acoustic version of the song without Florida Georgia Line was released on April 6, 2018.
Commercial performance
"Meant to Be" entered the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 61 on the chart dated November 11, 2017. It later peaked at number two, kept out of the summit by Drake's "God's Plan". It became Rexha's third top ten hit and their first as a solo lead artist, as well as the second top ten hit for Florida Georgia Line. It is Rexha's highest-charting single on the chart, surpassing "Me, Myself & I".
It also debuted atop the US Hot Country Songs chart, becoming Rexha's first entry on that chart and Florida Georgia Line's sixth number one. Rexha also became the first female artist to ever debut atop the chart, while "Meant to Be" is the third song overall to start at the summit since 2012, when the chart transitioned to a hybrid data list, blending airplay, streaming and sales. When the song spent an eleventh week in the top spot in February 2018, it surpassed Taylor Swift's "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" as the longest-running number one song on the chart for a lead female artist. In August 2018, the song broke the record previously held by 2017's "Body Like a Back Road" by Sam Hunt for the most weeks at number one on the US Hot Country Songs chart. After spending 50 weeks at the top, it was dethroned by Kane Brown's "Lose It". The song has sold 1,413,000 copies in the United States as of March 2019. In 2020, it was certified diamond for selling over 10 million units in the US.
Music video
The music video was filmed in Albuquerque, New Mexico and directed by Sophie Muller. It was released on October 23, 2017. As of June 2021, the video has over 1 billion views on YouTube.
Accolades
Track listing
Digital download
"Meant to Be" (Acoustic) – 2:38
Digital download
"Meant to Be" – 3:02
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
2017 songs
2017 singles
Warner Records singles
Bebe Rexha songs
Florida Georgia Line songs
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
Songs written by Bebe Rexha
Vocal collaborations
Songs written by Tyler Hubbard
Billboard Hot Country Songs number-one singles of the year
Songs written by David Garcia (musician)
Song recordings produced by Joey Moi
Nyala Pema Dündul (1816–1872), also known as Terton Nyala Pema Duddul, was a teacher of Dzogchen and Tantric Buddhism in Eastern Tibet.
In particular, they discovered and practiced the terma of the long-life practice of Guru Amitayus, called the Union of Primordial Essences.
Most sources state that the teacher in 1872 attained rainbow body.
According to one source, they on purpose did not, but reduced the left dead body in size and transformed it so that it would not decompose. According to the source the small body is now hidden at a secret location.
Many of their students attained rainbow body (e.g. Ayu Khandro and Nyala Rinpoche Rigdzin Changchub Dorje).
References
Chögyal Namkhai Norbu Dream Yoga And The Practice Of Natural Light. Edited and introduced by Michael Katz, Snow Lion Publications, Ithaca, NY, , p. 89.
External links
Biography of Pema Dudul
Nyala Pema Duddul Series on Lotsawa House
1816 births
1872 deaths
Lamas
Tertöns
Tibetan Buddhists from Tibet
19th-century Tibetan people
The speckle-breasted woodpecker (Dendropicos poecilolaemus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae, which is native to sub-Saharan Africa.
Range
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, DRC, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, South Sudan, and Uganda.
References
speckle-breasted woodpecker
Birds of Central Africa
speckle-breasted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kenneth Guy Lieberthal (; born September 9, 1943) is an American professor and politician known as an expert on China's elite politics, political economy, domestic and foreign policy decision making, and on the evolution of US-China relations.  They are currently senior fellow emeritus in Foreign Policy at the Brookings Institution, where from 2009 to 2016, they were a senior fellow in the Foreign Policy and the Global Economy and Development programs; from 2009 to 2012, they also served as director of Brookings' John L. Thornton China Center. Lieberthal spent most of their career on the Political Science faculty of the University of Michigan. For 1998-2000 Lieberthal served in the Clinton Administration as Special Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs and Senior Director for Asia on the U.S. National Security Council.
Early life and education
Lieberthal was born in Asheville, North Carolina.  They are Jewish.
They received their B.A. cum laude and with distinction in Russian Studies from Dartmouth College, and an East Asian Institute Certificate (1968), M.A. (1968) and Ph.D. (1972) in Political Science at Columbia University.
Career
For 1998 through 2000 Lieberthal took leave from their academic career to serve President Clinton as Special Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs and Senior Director for Asia on the U.S. National Security Council.
Lieberthal is professor emeritus at the University of Michigan. They joined the UM faculty as Professor of Political Science in 1983, and in 1995 became Arthur F. Thurnau Professor of Political Science and William Davidson Professor of Business Administration. They were director of the University of Michigan's Center for Chinese Studies for 1986 to 1989; in 2014, the university renamed the center as the "Kenneth G. Lieberthal and Richard H. Rogel Center for Chinese Studies." Their publications focused particularly on China's elite politics, domestic and foreign policy decision making, and political economy and on the evolution of US-China relations. Lieberthal taught Political Science at Swarthmore College from 1972 to 1983, advancing from Instructor to Professor, before joining the University of Michigan faculty in 1983.
Lieberthal authored, coauthored, and edited more than 20 books and monographs, many of which are also available in Chinese editions, and authored about 75 articles and chapters in books.
Lieberthal has consulted widely on Chinese and Asian affairs and has advised, among others, the U.S. Departments of State, Defense and Commerce, the World Bank, the Kettering Foundation, the Aspen Institute, the United Nations Association and corporations in the private sector. They have served on numerous academic, NGO, and advisory committees and boards and on the editorial boards of six scholarly journals.  They are a member of the board of the National Committee on United States – China Relations.
Selected bibliography
Books
1976. Research Guide to Central Party and Government Meetings in China, 1949-1975. New York: International Arts and Sciences Press (jointly published with The University of Michigan Center for Chinese Studies).
1980. Revolution and Tradition in Tientsin, 1949-52. Stanford: Stanford University Press.
1982. Chen Yun's Strategy for China's Development: A Non-Maoist Alternative. Contributing co-editor with Nicholas Lardy. New York: Myron E. Sharpe.
1988. Policy Making in China: Leaders, Structures, and Processes (with Michel Oksenberg). Princeton: Princeton University Press.
1995. Governing China: From Revolution Through Reform. New York: W.W. Norton. First edition published in 1995, revised edition published in 2004. Chinese translation of the 2004 2nd edition: 治理中国. Beijing: Chinese Social Sciences Press, 2010.
2010. Contributing co-editor, Chinese Politics: New Sources, Methods, and Field Strategies. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Chinese translation: 当代中国政治研究. Beijing: Chinese Social Sciences Press, 2014.
2011. Managing the China Challenge: How To Achieve Corporate Success in the People's Republic.. Washington, D.C.: Brookings Institution Press. Chinese translation: 应对中国挑战：企业如何在中国获得成功. Beijing: Chinese Social Sciences Press, 2014.
2012. Bending History: Barack Obama's Foreign Policy (with Martin Indyk and Michael E. O'Hanlon). Brookings Institution Press. Chinese translation: 重塑历史：贝拉克奥巴马的外交政策. Beijing: Social Sciences Press, 2016.
Papers, reports, monographs
1978. Central Documents and Politburo Politics in China. Ann Arbor: The University of Michigan Center for Chinese Studies.
1978. Sino-Soviet Conflict in the 1970s: Its Evolution and Implications for the Strategic Triangle. RAND/R-2342-NA. Santa Monica, CA: RAND Corporation.
1986. Bureaucratic Politics and Chinese Energy Development (with Michel Oksenberg). Washington: U.S. Department of Commerce International Trade Administration.
1997. Constructing China: The Interaction of Culture and Economics, co-editor with Shuen-fu Lin and Ernest Young. Ann Arbor, Michigan: University of Michigan Center for Chinese Studies Monograph Series, vol. no. 78.
2006. China's Search For Energy Security and Implications for US Policy (with Mikkal Herberg). Washington, D.C.: National Bureau of Asian Research.
2009. Overcoming Obstacles to US–China Cooperation on Climate Change (with David B. Sandalow). Washington, D.C.: Brookings Institution.
2009. The U.S. Intelligence Community and Foreign Policy: Getting Analysis Right. Washington, D.C.: Brookings Institution.
2012. Cybersecurity and U.S.-China Relations (with Peter Singer). The Brookings Institution.
2012. Addressing U.S.-China Strategic Distrust (with Wang Jisi). The Brookings Institution. Published in Chinese as: 中美战略互疑：解析与应对. Beijing University International Strategic Studies Center, 2012.
Personal life
Lieberthal's wife, Jane Lindsay Lieberthal, is a former university administrator. They have two sons, Keith and Geoffrey. Keith is married to actor Julianna Margulies, while Geoffrey is engaged to former Olympic figure skater Sasha Cohen.
See also
List of Dartmouth College alumni
List of Columbia University alumni
List of Michigan writers
List of people from North Carolina
List of University of Michigan faculty and staff
References
External links
1943 births
American foreign policy writers
American male non-fiction writers
American political scientists
Clinton administration personnel
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Dartmouth College alumni
Living people
Writers from Asheville, North Carolina
Ross School of Business faculty
United States National Security Council staffers
Writers from Michigan
Writers from Washington, D.C.
University of Michigan faculty
Swarthmore College faculty
Jewish American academics
National Bureau of Asian Research
Cara Black was the defending champion, but did not compete this year.
Jelena Dokic won the title by defeating Katarina Srebotnik 6–4, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds
Draws
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
ITF tournament profile
Unofficial results archive (since Quarterfinals)
Girls' Singles
US Open, 1998 Girls' Singles
Dmitry Sergeyevich Prishchepa (; ; born 21 June 2001) is a Belarusian football player who plays as a left back for Russian club Veles Moscow on loan from Krylia Sovetov Samara. They also played as centre back in the past.
Club career
In 2019 they were loaned to Zenit Saint Petersburg, where they played for the reserve squad.
On 18 February 2022, Prishchepa was loaned to Russian Football National League side Veles Moscow for a term of one year.
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Footballers from Minsk
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football defenders
Belarus youth international footballers
Belarus under-21 international footballers
FC Minsk players
FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Veles Moscow players
Belarusian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Edita Šujanová (born 23 May 1985) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1985 births
Living people
Czech women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Vyškov
Sportspeople from the South Moravian Region
Guraleus fossa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 5 mm.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia and can be found off New South Wales, Tasmania, Western Australia
References
Laseron, C. 1954. Revision of the New South Wales Turridae (Mollusca). Australian Zoological Handbook. Sydney : Royal Zoological Society of New South Wales 1-56, pls 1-12.
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1–1295.
fossa
Gastropods described in 1954
Gastropods of Australia
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1998.
Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and Djurgårdens IF and Kalmar FF won the championship.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1998
2
Sweden
Sweden
Claire Merritt Hodgson Ruth, born Clara Mae Merritt (September 11, 1900 – October 25, 1976), was a native of Athens, Georgia, United States, who is most famous for having been the second wife of Babe Ruth.
Biography
Claire's first husband, Frank Hodgson, died February 16, 1921, leaving them with a daughter, Julia. They met Ruth in 1923. Ruth was still married to Helen Woodford, their first wife, at this time. Woodford died in a house fire in January 1929, and Ruth and Hodgson married that April 17, staying together until Ruth's death in 1948.
In later years, they indicated their responsibility, in part, for the poor relationship between their husband and teammate Lou Gehrig. According to Claire, Gehrig's mother indicated that the Ruths' adopted daughter, Dorothy, was not as well dressed as Claire's biological daughter, Julia; when Ruth was informed of this, they angrily demanded that Gehrig never speak to them off the ballfield again. Ruth and Gehrig did not make up until the day of Gehrig's famous "I'm the luckiest man on the face of this earth" speech in 1939. Later, Claire admitted that they had overreacted, apologetically accepting full responsibility for the rift between the two players—which, however, had numerous other causes besides the one indicated by Claire.
Claire lived to see two of Ruth's most famous records broken: their single season record of 60 home runs, superseded by Roger Maris in 1961; and their career record of 714 home runs, which was broken by Hank Aaron in 1974. In their twilight years, they sometimes attended games that Aaron was playing, and was supportive of Aaron's effort. Ruth was quoted as saying: "The Babe loved baseball so very much; I know they were pulling for Hank Aaron to break their record."
Mrs. Ruth was portrayed by Claire Trevor in the 1948 film The Babe Ruth Story, by Lisa Zane in the 1991 TV-movie Babe Ruth, by Kelly McGillis in the 1992 film The Babe, and by Renee Taylor in 61*.
Claire Ruth is buried next to their husband at Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Hawthorne, New York. The inscription on the headstone lists their birth year as 1900, instead of 1897.
References
1900 births
1976 deaths
Babe Ruth
Burials at Gate of Heaven Cemetery (Hawthorne, New York)
People from Athens, Georgia
Todd Gully () is a valley about 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km) west of Brock Gully in the Allan Hills, Oates Land. Reconnoitered by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) Allan Hills Expedition (1964) who named it after the dialect name for a fox because of the resemblance to fox country in parts of England.
References
Valleys of Oates Land
Fugu is an SFTP client for Mac OS X. It has been abandoned by the developers as of 2011. The software as of that time is available on SourceForge.
Fugu was developed by the University of Michigan's Research Systems Unix Group (RSUG). It is a graphical shell for OpenSSH tools that provides a simple interface to all of the features that SSH has.
The name of the program is an homage to the Blowfish encryption algorithm used by OpenSSH, as a fugu is a type of blowfish.
Further reading
References
External links
SourceForge Archive
Free FTP clients
MacOS-only free software
SSH File Transfer Protocol clients
Software using the BSD license
Apple Design Awards recipients
Joseph Miller Thomas (16 January 1898 – 1979) was an American mathematician, known for the Thomas decomposition of algebraic and differential systems.
Thomas received their Ph.D., supervised by Frederick Wahn Beal, from the University of Pennsylvania with thesis Congruences of Circles, Studied with reference to the Surface of Centers. They were a mathematics professor at Duke University for many years. Their graduate students include Mabel Griffin (later married to L. B. Reavis) and Ruth W. Stokes. In 1935 they were one of the founders of the Duke Mathematical Journal. For the academic year 1936–1937 was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study.
Based upon earlier work by Charles Riquier and Maurice Janet, Thomas's research was important for the introduction of involutive bases.
Selected publications
Articles
with Oswald Veblen:
Note on the projective geometry of paths. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 11, no. 4 (1925): 207–209.
The number of even and odd absolute permutations of n letters. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 31 (1925) 303–304.
Conformal correspondence of Riemann spaces. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 11, no. 5 (1925): 257–259.
Conformal invariants. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 12, no. 6 (1926): 389–393.
Asymmetric displacement of a vector. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 28 (1926) 658–670.
with Oswald Veblen: Projective invariants of affine geometry of paths. Annals of Mathematics 27 (1926): 279–296.
Riquier's existence theorems. Annals of Mathematics 30 (1928): 285–310.
Matrices of integers ordering derivatives. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 33 (1931) 389–410.
The condition for an orthonomic differential system. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 34 (1932) 332–338.
Pfaffian systems of species one. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 35 (1933) 356–371.
Riquier's existence theorems. Annals of Mathematics 35 (1934): 306–311. (addendum to 1928 publication in Annals of Mathematics)
An existence theorem for generalized pfaffian systems. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 40 (1934) 309–315.
The condition for a pfaffian system in involution. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 40 (1934) 316–320.
Sturm's theorem for multiple roots. National Mathematics Magazine 15, no. 8 (1941): 391–394.
Equations equivalent to a linear differential equation. Proc. Amer. Math. Soc. 3 (1952) 899–903.
Books
References
1898 births
1979 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
PDE theorists
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Duke University faculty
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
S-type asteroids are asteroids with a spectral type that is indicative of a siliceous (i.e. stony) mineralogical composition, hence the name. They have relatively high density. Approximately 17% of asteroids are of this type, making it the second most common after the carbonaceous C-type.
Characteristics
S-type asteroids, with an astronomical albedo of typically 0.20, are moderately bright and consist mainly of iron- and magnesium-silicates. They are dominant in the inner part of the asteroid belt within 2.2 AU, common in the central belt within about 3 AU, but become rare farther out. The largest are 3 Juno (about 240–250 km across) and 15 Eunomia (230 km), with other large S-types being 29 Amphitrite, 532 Herculina and 7 Iris. These largest S-types are visible in 10x50 binoculars at most oppositions; the brightest, 7 Iris, can occasionally become brighter than +7.0, which is a higher magnitude than any asteroid except the unusually reflective 4 Vesta.
Their spectrum has a moderately steep slope at wavelengths shorter than 0.7 micrometres (μm), and has moderate to weak absorption features around 1 μm and 2 μm. The 1 μm absorption is indicative of the presence of silicates (stony minerals). Often there is also a broad but shallow absorption feature centered near 0.63 μm. The composition of these asteroids is similar to a variety of stony meteorites which share similar spectral characteristics.
Due to their volatile-poor (rocky) composition, S-type asteroids have relatively high density. A survey of 11 S-type asteroids found an average density of .
S-group asteroids
SMASS classification
In the SMASS classification, several generally "stony" types of asteroids are brought together into a wider S-group which contains the following types:
A-type
K-type
L-type
Q-type
R-type
a "core" S-type for asteroids having the most typical spectra for the S-group
Sa, Sk, Sl, Sq, and Sr-types containing transition objects between the core S-type and the A, K, L, Q, and R-types, respectively. The entire "S"-assemblage of asteroids is spectrally quite distinct from the carbonaceous C-group and the often metallic X-group.
Tholen classification
In the Tholen classification, the S-type is a very broad grouping which includes all the types in the SMASS S-group except for the A, Q, and R, which have particularly strong "stony" absorption features around 1 μm.
Stony asteroid families
Prominent stony asteroid families with their typical albedo are the:
Eos family (0.14)
Eunomia family (0.21)
Flora family (0.24)
Koronis family (0.24)
Nysa family (0.20)
Phocaea family (0.23)
See also
Asteroid spectral types
X-type asteroid
References
Asteroid spectral classes
Insaan Aur Gadha is a Pakistani movie written, directed and produced by Syed Kamal. The movie features Syed Kamal, Syed Mehmood Ali, Nisho, Rozina and Rangeela. It was released on 31 August 1973.
Cast
Mahmood Ali
Syed Kamal
Nisho
Rangeela
Rozina Qureshi
Production
Directed and produced by Syed Kamal. Story was also written by Syed Kamal. Cinematography performed by Azhar Zaidi.
References
External links
1973 films
The 2016 Stan Wawrinka tennis season begins at the Chennai Open, where they won the fourth title and the third in a row at Chennai.
Year summary
Australian Open and early hard court season
Chennai
Wawrinka started their 2016 tennis campaign by playing at the 2016 Aircel Chennai Open, where they were bidding for their third straight title win in a row. Wawrinka won against Andrey Rublev, Guillermo García-López and Benoît Paire in straight sets, before facing Borna Ćorić in the final. At the final, they won the match in straight sets 6-3 7-5, winning them also their fourth Chennai title in their career, and their twelfth career title overall.
Australian Open
After winning the title in Chennai, Wawrinka participated in the first Grand Slam of the season in the 2016 Australian Open. They first faced Dmitry Tursunov who is participating on their first Grand Slam after more than a year of being absent on the tour due to injury. Wawrinka won the first two sets before Tursunov retired from the match. Wawrinka then faced Radek Štěpánek in the second round, where they were able to defeat the Czech in straight sets. They then faced another Czech in Lukáš Rosol in the third round, where Wawrinka defeated them also in straight sets. At the fourth round, they faced Canadian Milos Raonic in the fourth round. Raonic was able to win the first two sets against Wawrinka, but Wawrinka was able to push the match into a decider. Wawrinka was not able to fully come back however, as Raonic was able to win the deciding set 6-3. The loss stops the streak of six straight Grand Slam quarterfinals that started during the 2014 Wimbledon Championships.
Indoor hard-court tournaments
Wawrinka did not appear in Rotterdam to defend their title.
Marseille
Wawrinka after receiving a first round bye would get revenge on Sergiy Stakhovsky in a tight three set match, who defeated them in the quarterfinals the previous year, but they would go on to lose to good friend Benoît Paire in the next round in three sets.
Dubai
After being two points from defeat in their opening round match against Stakhovsky, Wawrinka proceeded to defeat qualifier Franko Skugor, Philipp Kohlschreiber, and Nick Kyrgios (in their first match since the Montreal incident in 2015) in succession, before defeating Marcos Baghdatis in straight sets to win the Dubai Duty Free title.
March Masters
Indian Wells
All matches
This table chronicles all the matches of Stan Wawrinka in 2016, including walkovers (W/O) which the ATP does not count as wins. They are marked ND for non-decision or no decision.
Single matches
Double matches
Exhibition matches
Tournament schedule
Singles
Yearly records
Head-to-head matchups
Stan Wawrinka had a match win–loss record in the 2016 season. Their record against players who were part of the ATP rankings Top Ten at the time of their meetings was . The following list is ordered by number of wins:
Lukáš Rosol 4–0
Marin Čilić 2–0
Philipp Kohlschreiber 2–0
Illya Marchenko 2–0
Sergiy Stakhovsky 2–0
Viktor Troicki 2–0
Albert Ramos 2–0
Benoît Paire 2–1
Kevin Anderson 1–0
Marcos Baghdatis 1–0
Roberto Bautista Agut 1–0
Pablo Carreño 1–0
Jérémy Chardy 1–0
Marco Chiudinelli 1–0
Borna Ćorić 1–0
Taro Daniel 1–0
Novak Djokovic 1–0
Jared Donaldson 1–0
Kyle Edmund 1–0
Daniel Evans 1–0
Taylor Fritz 1–0
Guillermo García López 1–0
Alessandro Giannessi 1–0
Andrey Rublev 1–0
Jack Sock 1–0
Franko Škugor 1–0
Radek Štěpánek 1–0
Dmitry Tursunov 1–0
Donald Young 1–0
Mikhail Youzhny 1–0
Juan Martín del Potro 1–1
Nick Kyrgios 1–1
Andrey Kuznetsov 1–1
Gilles Simon 1–1
Fernando Verdasco 1–1
Kei Nishikori 1–2
Grigor Dimitrov 0–1
David Goffin 0–1
Juan Mónaco 0–1
Rafael Nadal 0–1
Milos Raonic 0–1
Alexander Zverev 0–1
Mischa Zverev 0–1
Jan-Lennard Struff 0–1
Andy Murray 0–2
Finals
Singles: 5 (4–1)
Earnings
Figures in United States dollars (USD) unless noted.
See also
2016 ATP World Tour
2016 Roger Federer tennis season
2016 Rafael Nadal tennis season
2016 Novak Djokovic tennis season
2016 Andy Murray tennis season
External links
2016 Schedule at ATP World Tour
Wawrinka
Wawrinka
2016 in Swiss tennis
2016 in Swiss sport
Willis Allison Carto (July 17, 1926 – October 26, 2015) was an American far-right political activist. They described themselves as a Jeffersonian and a populist, but was primarily known for their promotion of antisemitic conspiracy theories and Holocaust denial.
Carto was known for the Liberty Lobby and successor racial extremist organizations which they helped create. Carto ran a group supporting segregationist George Wallace's 1968 presidential campaign and reorganized the group into the National Youth Alliance, which promoted Francis Parker Yockey's ideology. Carto helped found the Populist Party, which served as an electoral vehicle for white supremacist group and Ku Klux Klan members, such as David Duke in the 1988 presidential election and Christian Identity supporter Bo Gritz in 1992. Carto ran the American Free Press newspaper which publishes anti-semitic and racist books and features columns by Joe Sobran, James Traficant, Paul Craig Roberts, and others. The organization promotes 9/11 conspiracy theories. Carto's many other projects included the Institute for Historical Review, which promotes Holocaust denial.
Biography
Early life
Willis Carto was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana. They served in the United States Army in the Philippines in World War II and earned the Purple Heart when they were wounded by an enemy sniper. After leaving the military, they lived with their parents in Mansfield, Ohio. They studied law for a semester at the University of Cincinnati Law School. They later worked for Procter & Gamble and moved west to San Francisco, California where they worked for the Household Finance Company.
Liberty Lobby and publications
In 1955, Carto founded an organization called Liberty Lobby, which remained in operation under their control until 2001, when the organization was forced into bankruptcy as a result of a lawsuit. Liberty Lobby published The Spotlight newspaper between 1975 and 2001.
Carto and several Spotlight staff members and writers subsequently founded a new newspaper called American Free Press. The paper includes articles from syndicated columnists who have no direct ties to Carto or their organizations.
In 1966, Carto acquired control of The American Mercury via the Legion for the Survival of Freedom organization. It was published until 1980.
Political activism in the 1960s and 1970s
Carto ran a group called "Youth for George Wallace" to aid the third party presidential campaign of George Wallace in 1968. When the campaign failed, they converted what remained of the Youth for George Wallace organization into the National Youth Alliance. As National Chairman for the group, Carto recruited William Luther Pierce, who later became known for writing The Turner Diaries. Carto eventually lost control of the National Youth Alliance to Pierce who transformed it into the National Alliance, a white nationalist and white separatist political organization.
On September 10, 1971, the conservative magazine National Review published a detailed critique of Carto's activities up to that point. It was titled "Liberty Lobby - Willis Carto and their Fronts".
Historical revisionism and Holocaust denial
Carto founded the Institute for Historical Review in 1979. They were also the founder of a publishing company called Noontide Press, which published books on white racialism, including Yockey's Imperium and David Hoggan's The Myth of the Six A Million, one of the first books to deny the Holocaust. Noontide Press later became closely associated with the IHR, and fell out of Carto's hands at the same time as the IHR did.
The IHR and Carto were sued in 1981 by public interest attorney William John Cox on behalf of Auschwitz survivor Mel Mermelstein. In that case, which was to eventually last eleven years, the court took "judicial notice of the fact that Jews were gassed to death at Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland during the summer of 1944." The court went on to state, "It is simply a fact." The law firm of Robert Von Esch, Jr., representing the defendants, settled with the plaintiff to remove themselves from the case by agreeing to pay $100,000 and an explicit apology for having filed an August 1986 libel suit by the IHR against Mermelstein. The Von Esches also formally acknowledged that Jews had been gassed at Auschwitz and that millions of Jews had perished in German wartime camps. On September 19, 1991, the plaintiffs withdrew complaints of libel, conspiracy to inflict emotional distress and intentional infliction of emotional distress, following Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Stephen M. Lachs' dismissal of the malicious prosecution portion of the case.
After losing control of Noontide Press and the IHR in a hostile takeover by former associates, Carto started another publication, The Barnes Review, with the focus also on Holocaust denial.
Populist Party (1984–1996)
In 1984, Carto was involved in starting a new political party called the Populist Party. It quickly fell out of their hands in a hostile takeover by disgruntled former associates. Critics asserted that this Populist Party (not to be confused with the 19th-century People's Party, commonly known as "Populists") was little more than an electoral vehicle for current and former Ku Klux Klan and Christian Identity members. Olympic athlete Bob Richards (1984), David Duke (a founder of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and a future Louisiana state representative, 1988) and former Green Beret Bo Gritz (1992) were the Populist Party's only three presidential candidates. It folded before it could nominate a candidate for the 1996 elections.
Radio and other activism
Carto's Liberty Lobby acquired the Sun Radio Network in December 1989, and attempted to use talk radio as a vehicle for espousing their views. It was eventually a financial failure. Liberty Lobby and American Free Press also sponsored the Radio Free America talk show. Carto also formed the Foundation to Defend the First Amendment, one of several nonprofits Carto used to spread money to like-minded individuals and groups. Carto's Liberty Lobby also published The Barnes Review from 1994.
In 2004, Carto joined in signing David Duke's New Orleans Protocol on behalf of American Free Press. The New Orleans Protocol sought to "mainstream our cause" by reducing internecine warfare.
Carto was featured as a guest on The Political Cesspool, which represents "a philosophy that is pro-White." They spoke at meetings conducted by "Pastor" Thomas Robb, a Ku Klux Klan leader and Christian Identity advocate, and in 2015 participated in the groundbreaking ceremony for the Christian Revival Research and Development Center being built on Robb's compound in Arkansas, along with Edward Fields and Canadian white supremacist Paul Fromm.
In 2007, Carto condemned the "genocidal maniacs like Vice President Cheney and commentator Bill O'Reilly" in their support of the Bush administration's attack on Iraq, and warned that "now the crooks are prodding America to attack Iran". Their media outlets supported presidential candidate and member of congress Ron Paul.
Death
Carto died on October 26, 2015, at the age of 89, reportedly from cardiac arrest. In February 2016, they were buried at Arlington National Cemetery (which the family had the right to request because they had earned a Purple Heart). Far-right and white nationalist Pastor Thomas A. Robb presided at the funeral.
Influences
Willis Carto was a devotee of the writings of Francis Parker Yockey, a far-rightist who heralded Adolf Hitler's Third Reich as the "European Imperium" against both Bolshevism and United States, which they considered Jewish-controlled. Carto adopted Yockey's book Imperium: The Philosophy of History and Politics as their own guiding ideology, and they obtained a 15-minute interview with Yockey on June 10, 1960, while the latter was held in prison for passport fraud. Yockey committed suicide six days later on June 16. Scholars have asserted that Yockey would have probably been forgotten without Carto's marketing of Imperium to the American audience.
Later, Carto would define their ideology as Jeffersonian and populist rather than National Socialist, particularly in Carto's 1982 book, Profiles in Populism. That book presented sympathetic profiles of several United States political figures including Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, and Henry Ford, as well as Catholic priest Father Charles Coughlin, who used radio to support of the policies of Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini.
References
Publications
Profiles in Populism (as editor). Old Greenwich, CT: Flag Press (1982) .
Afterword to Best Witness: The Mermelstein Affair, by Michael C. Piper. America First Books. Washington: Center for Historical Review (1994)
Populism vs. Plutocracy: The Universal Struggle (as editor). Liberty Lobby.
Further reading
Cox, William John. (2015) The Holocaust Case: Defeat of Denial. Little Elm, TX: eLectio Publishing.
Coogan, Kevin. (1999) Dreamer of the Day: Francis Parker Yockey and the Postwar Fascist International. Brooklyn, NY: Autonomedia.
Michael, George. (2008) Willis Carto and the American Far Right. Gainesville, FL: University Press of Florida.
Mintz, Frank P. (1985) The Liberty Lobby and the American Right: Race, Conspiracy, and Culture. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.
External links
FAQ: Willis Carto & The Institute for Historical Review
ADL: Willis A. Carto: Fabricating History
Extremist Files: Profile of Willis Carto from the Southern Poverty Law Center
1926 births
2015 deaths
Antisemitism in the United States
Anti-Zionism in the United States
Anti-Masonry
American anti-communists
American conspiracy theorists
American Holocaust deniers
American male non-fiction writers
United States Army personnel of World War II
American political writers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
John Birch Society members
Military personnel from Indiana
American neo-Nazis
People from Mansfield, Ohio
Political theories
Politics and race in the United States
Populist Party (United States, 1984)
Sexism in the United States
Non-interventionism
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
United States Army soldiers
Writers from Fort Wayne, Indiana
The AEKKEA-RAAB R-29 was a Greek single-seat parasol monoplane trainer and/or light fighter developed by Antonius Raab, a German aircraft designer, with their Greek partners and was the sole Raab aircraft to be developed in Greece.
Design and development
It had wooden wings, an Elektron (alloy) metal-tube fuselage and a 280 hp Ranger V-770 engine. However, there is no exact record for produced numbers. The R-29 was a new design developed by Raab's Greek company in late 1936 but shared structural characteristics with the preceding R-27 type (a type also first recorded as an AEKKEA-RAAB product by Jane's 1935 ed., most probably designed earlier by Raab and never produced), including an inline engine, fixed cantilever undercarriage and twin machine-guns. The R-27 differed in using a Hispano-Suiza 12Y engine.
Export documents to Spain and Jane's (1936 ed.) reported it as a fighter, but Raab later described it as a trainer, which would be borne out by the low powered engine chosen. A batch of these aircraft, along with the Tigerschwalbe R-26V/33 (derived from an earlier Raab-Katzenstein model), were to be delivered to the Republican forces. Components of 30 aircraft were to be produced in Greece and shipped to Spain, where a subsidiary would carry out final assembly. An AEKKEA aircraft engineer, Georgios Pangakis, reported 40 (rather than 30) R-29s shipped to Spain, still missing engines and machine guns, which proved difficult to acquire. According to Raab, the Republicans gave roughly 60 incomplete airframes of both types, along with plans to the Soviets to be shipped back to the USSR.
The AEKKEA archives were destroyed and there seems to be no surviving images and only the contemporary Jane's provides a written description.
Specifications
See also
References
Further reading
L.S. Skartsis and G.A. Avramidis, "Made in Greece", Typorama, Patras, Greece (2003) (republished by the University of Patras Science Park, 2006).
Rolf Nagel and Thorsten Bauer, "Kassel und die Luftfahrtindustrie seit 1923", A. Bernecker Verlag (2015)
Antonius Raab, "Raab Fliegt (Erinnerungen eines Flugpioniers)", Reihe Konkret, Hamburg (1984).
External links
L.S. Skartsis, "Greek Vehicle and Machine Manufacturers 1800 to Present: A Pictorial History", Marathon (2012) (ebook)
1930s Greek fighter aircraft
Aircraft manufactured in Greece
Kristian Traychev Dimitrov (; born 27 February 1997) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hajduk Split and the Bulgarian national team.
Club career
Botev Plovdiv
In the summer of 2013, Dimitrov joined Botev Plovdiv at under-17 level from Lokomotiv Plovdiv and progressed through the club's academy system.
Dimitrov made their first-team debut on 13 March 2016, when they came off the bench to replace Serkan Yusein in the 81st minute of a 3–1 league win over Cherno More Varna. Their first senior goal came in the last round of the 2015–16 season; they scored the second goal in a 2–1 win over Ludogorets Razgrad on 27 May.
Dimitrov began to establish themselves in the Botev first team from the 2016–17 season, making eight league starts. On 8 June 2017, they signed a new two-year contract with the club.
On 5 February 2018, Dimitrov joined Second League club Montana on loan for the remainder of the 2017–18 season. They made 13 appearances in total. Their only goal came on 5 May 2018 when they opened the scoring in a 2–0 away win over Botev Galabovo.
In June 2018, Dimitrov returned to Botev and continued their progress during 2018–19, becoming a regular in the defence. On 24 April 2019, they scored a last-minute goal against CSKA Sofia, bringing the score to 3:3 and enabling their team (which had been reduced to nine men) to progress to the final of the Bulgarian Cup 6:5 on aggregate.
Hajduk Split
On 11 February 2020, it was announced that Dimitrov had signed a two-and-a-half year contract with Hajduk Split.
International career
In May 2019, following their good performances for Botev, Dimitrov was called up to the national team by new manager Krasimir Balakov. On 7 June 2019, they made their debut, playing the full 90 minutes in the 1–2 away loss against the Czech Republic in a Euro 2020 qualifier.
Career statistics
Club
International stats
International goals
Scores and results list Bulgaria's goal tally first.
Style of play
Krassimir Balakov compared Dimitrov with the legendary Bulgarian defender Trifon Ivanov, while being manager of Bulgaria.
Honours
Club
Botev Plovdiv
Bulgarian Cup: 2016–17
Bulgarian Supercup: 2017
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2021–22
Hajduk Split
Croatian Super Cup runner-up: 2022
Individual
Bulgarian First League Defender of the Season: 2018–19
References
External links
Living people
Sportspeople from Plovdiv
1997 births
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgaria under-21 international footballers
Bulgaria youth international footballers
Bulgaria international footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Botev Plovdiv players
FC Montana players
HNK Hajduk Split players
CFR Cluj players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Croatian Football League players
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Association football defenders
The 2003 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at the Dartmouth Skiway in Lyme, New Hampshire as part of the 50th annual NCAA-sanctioned ski tournament to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's collegiate slalom and cross-country skiing in the United States.
Utah, coached by Kevin Sweeney, won the team championship, the Utes' ninth co-ed title and tenth overall.
Venue
This year's championships were contested at the Dartmouth Skiway in Lyme, New Hampshire. The event was hosted by nearby Dartmouth College.
These were the second NCAA championships hosted at the Dartmouth Skiway (1958 and 2003) and the eighth in the state of New Hampshire (1958, 1964, 1970, 1978, 1984, 1992, 1995, and 2003).
Program
Men's events
Cross-country, 10 kilometer freestyle
Cross-country, 20 kilometers classical
Slalom
Giant slalom
Women's events
Cross-country, 5 kilometer freestyle
Cross-country, 15 kilometers classical
Slalom
Giant slalom
Team scoring
DC – Defending champions
Debut team appearance
See also
List of NCAA skiing programs
References
2003 in sports in New Hampshire
NCAA Skiing Championships
2003 in alpine skiing
2003 in cross-country skiing
NCAA Skiing Championships
College sports in New Hampshire
Skiing in New Hampshire
Dutch Hollow Lake is a human-made reservoir located in the Town of La Valle, (Sauk County), Wisconsin, United States. Created by developers in the 1970s by impounding the water of Dutch Hollow Creek, it is now a public-access lake regulated by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources with two public-access ramps. The 40-foot (12 m) depth of the lake is maintained both by the flow from Dutch Hollow Creek and the pumping of groundwater.
History
Construction of the dam began in the year 1970 by Branigar Lake Properties of Wisconsin. Fish varieties were initially stocked into Dutch Hollow Lake. Now the lake has a balance of Northern Pike, Walleye, Large Mouth Bass, Yellow Perch, Crappie, Bluegill, and other Sunfish.
Geography
Dutch Hollow Lake (Lat. 43 degrees/Long. 90 degrees) has an elevation of 951 feet (290 m). It is northwest of the city of Reedsburg, with the city of Wisconsin Dells thirty minutes away. The lake is and in depth.
Environment
Dutch Hollow Lake is a drainage lake. This means that the lake has both an inlet and an outlet and the main source of water is drainage from the stream. The Lake can hold over of water when full. The shoreline goes for about eight and a half miles and does a bottom draw dam, which means water is taken from the bottom and transferred downstream. This allows cooler water for the downstream fish and cattle. Because of seepage into the ground, in addition to the run-off from a watershed of about , the lake is supplied by pumping from springs.
References
Bibliography
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Dams and Reservoirs List, Washington, DC. 08-Sep-1981. A listing of impounded bodies of water and associated information.
Satellite view and a lake photo.
External links
Lakes of Sauk County, Wisconsin
Reservoirs in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Sauk County, Wisconsin
Protected areas of Sauk County, Wisconsin
Ohio's 8th senatorial district has been based in Cincinnati, Ohio and currently comprises the western portion of Hamilton County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 28, 29 and 30. It has a Cook PVI of R+14. The district was represented by the Senate President from 1989 to 1996 with Senator Stanley Aronoff. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Louis Blessing. They reside in Cincinnati, a city located in Hamilton County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 8th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
The Colorado State Rams men's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Colorado State Rams men's basketball program in various categories, including points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Rams represent Colorado State University in the NCAA's Mountain West Conference.
Colorado State began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1901. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but Colorado State's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2022–22 season.
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Lists of college basketball statistical leaders by team
Statistical
Jewish medicine is medical practice of the Jewish people, including writing in the languages of both Hebrew and Arabic. 28% of Nobel Prize winners in medicine have been Jewish, although Jews comprise less than 0.2% of the world's population.
History
Ancient
There are no extant texts of ancient medicine, as a first subject, of Hebrew origin. There was no medicine distinctly Jewish and instead Jewish practitioners had adopted Greek and later Graeco-Roman knowledge as practice.
A text known as the "Book of Remedies" is recorded of in the Babylonian Talmud twice, and the baraita, apparently dating to at least the reign of Hezekiah. Likewise, a text known as Sefer Refuot, which means "book of remedies", is known, however its composition has been dated roughly to the time of the Byzantine Empire anywhere between 1000 and 1700 years after Hezekiah.
Middle Ages
Further Information: Medieval medicine of Western Europe
The Book of Remedies, the earliest medical text written in Hebrew, to Asaph the Jew, dates to the seventh or eighth century. The text comprises four parts; a story of the transmission of medicine from God to humankind, a medical survey, a Materia medica and a list of medical aphorisms. While there is no knowledge of the writer themselves or where the text was written, it circulated widely in Jewish communities during the Medieval period, and it can be assumed that it was of great influence to Jewish practictioners during this time.
Though advances were made in gynaecology during the Middle Ages, the texts about gynaecology were written using the masculine form of Hebrew, indicating that gynecological texts were directed towards male doctors, not female midwives. The only mention of midwives in these texts seems to be when direct contact with a woman's genitalia is necessary; only then do texts specifically mention the women involved in the procedure. In one instance, a text advised the doctor to "order the midwife to massage the orifice of their womb" with the herbs mentioned.
Female practitioners contributed significantly both to the practice of medicine inside and outside of Jewish communities, and to the body of medical knowledge in Jewish community and beyond. From the surviving texts, it would seem that the greatest occurrence of female medical practitioners was during the 14th and 15th centuries. While women contributed to the advancement of Jewish medicine during this time, there were still a number of restrictions placed on them by society. No Jew, male or female, was permitted to attend a Christian university. This could be bypassed by taking an examination and acquiring a licentia curandi et practicandi, a license to practice medicine. In at least one case, this examination was specifically directed towards Jews who would work with Christian patients.
As a result, the education of these women largely fell to their male relatives. Hava (also known as Hana), a Manoesque woman mentioned for their "medical capacity" in a document dated to the early 1320s, and Virdimura, a Sicilian who obtained their medical license in 1376, were female Jewish practitioners whose direct relatives—Hava's husband and sons, Virdimura's husband—were practitioners as well. Jewish medical practitioners were often educated in Greek, Latin, Arabic, and Hebrew, which gave them access to medical texts that were often inaccessible to their Christian counterparts. Working as physicians, surgeons, and midwives, Jewish women were accepted as medical authorities in Paris, Florence, Naples, and Sicily, among other cities. Sara of St. Gilles, for instance, was a Jewish doctor who admitted a male Christian student, Salvetus de Burgonovo, in fourteenth century France. Shatzmiller believes this is enough evidence to indicate that Sara taught female students as well. Mayrona, a Jewish woman from Manoesque, France, is listed in over forty documents from 1342 as a phisica, or a licensed medical practitioner. Jewish midwives made up a larger percentage of practitioners in some regions than their population would suggest. In the French town of Marseille between 1390 and 1415, there are 24 known Jewish practitioners to 18 Christian ones; this is a shift from the period from 1337 to 1362 where Jewish doctors compromised approximately half of all practitioners in Marseille.
Jewish practitioners participated in the exchange of knowledge between Christian and Muslim writers and practitioners. The degree to which Jewish women practiced midwifery in the Middle Ages depended largely on the areas in which they lived. In Iberia, for instance, Jews were well accustomed to a mix of Muslim, Christian, and their own Jewish culture. Along with this came a shared understanding of medicine; Jews living in this area even wrote medicinal texts in Judeo-Arabic (Arabic written in Hebrew letters) rather than standard Hebrew or the local vernacular Here, it was commonplace for Jewish midwives to work alongside Christian and Muslim women. However, Jewish women still faced adversity and discrimination on the basis of both their gender and their religion. This is more clearly demonstrated in Central Europe, where it is difficult to determine if Jewish midwives working for non-Jewish patients was common practice or, instead, the exception rather than the rule. In 1403, Floreta d'Ays, a Jewish midwife from Marseilles, was brought to court under charges of malpractice. This is the first such known case brought against a midwife and, according to Monica Green, an unusual case of anti-Jewish sentiment in an otherwise relatively tolerant town. While the end result of the trial is unknown, it's clear that Floreta's non-Christian status played a part in the charges levied against them
The 17th century
The first organized study of Biblical medicine began during the 17th century.
20th century
The famous doctor of psychiatry Sigmund Freud was Jewish by birth. Abraham Maslow was born to Russian Jewish parents during 1908.
See also
Jewish medical ethics
References
External links
hebrew-medical-terms
Hebrew medicine
The grey-winged blackbird (Turdus boulboul) is a species of bird in the thrush family.
It is found in south-eastern Asia from the Himalayas to northern Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
grey-winged blackbird
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
Birds of Yunnan
grey-winged blackbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Therese Krones (7 October 1801 – 28 December 1830) was an Austrian actor.
Life and career
They were born 7 October 1801 in Bruntál to parents who were engaged in the theatrical business, Franz Josef Krones (1766–1839) and their wife Anna Theresia Walter (* 1770). The actor Josef Krones was their brother.
After several provincial tours they appeared at the Leopoldstädter Theater in Vienna, where they played with Ferdinand Raimund, who greatly influenced them technique.
In 1821, they made their debut in the play Das lustige Trauerspiel Evakathel und Prinz Schnudi oder die Belagerung von Ypsilon by Philipp Hafner.
In 1827, they retired from the stage for a time, being unjustly accused of complicity in the murder of by . They wrote several plays: Sylphide, das See-Fräulein (1828), Der Branntweinbrenner und der Nebelgeist (1829), and Kleopatra (1830).
Krones died 28 December 1830 in Vienna after a short but serious illness of stomach, aged only 29. They were buried at the St. Marx Cemetery, and in 1930 was exhumed and reburied in an honorary grave in the Vienna Zentralfriedhof.
References
External links
19th-century Austrian actores
Austrian stage actores
Austrian women dramatists and playwrights
People from Bruntál
Burials at the Vienna Central Cemetery
1801 births
1830 deaths
Silesian-German people
19th-century Austrian dramatists and playwrights
19th-century Austrian women writers
Abraham Ulrikab (January 29, 1845 - January 13, 1881) was an Inuk from Hebron, Labrador, in the present-day province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, who – along with their family and four other Inuit – agreed to become the latest attraction in the ethnographical shows organized by Carl Hagenbeck, owner of the Tierpark Hagenbeck, a zoo in Hamburg, Germany.
Name origin
Before 1893, the Inuit of northern Labrador did not use patrilineal surnames. Instead, the surnames of married couples would usually be their spouse's given name followed by the suffix "-b" or "-ib", if the name did not end with a vowel. It is possible that Ulrikab's surname was actually "Ulrikeb", as "Ulrike" was their wife's name. Their wife's full name was therefore likely "Ulrike Abrahamib". Children used the surname of the parent of the opposite gender before marriage, so their children were likely named "Sara Ulrikeb" and "Maria Ulrikeb".
The Inuit are exhibited in Europe (September 1880-January 1881)
The eight Inuit were from two families. Their approximate ages upon arrival in Europe were as follows:
The Christian family
Abraham, 35,
Ulrike, 24, their wife
Sara, 3 1/2, daughter
Maria, infant daughter, 10 months
Tobias, 20, a young unmarried man.
The non-Christian family
Tigianniak, about 45, father
Paingu, as old as 50, wife
Nuggasak, their teenage daughter about 15.
Abraham was literate, an accomplished violin player and a devout Christian. They became the natural leader of the eight and, despite the Moravian missionaries's opposition, Abraham agreed to go to Europe. The money they were to earn would enable them to repay his, and their late father's, debt to the Moravian mission store in Hebron. They were also curious to visit Europe and was looking forward to seeing some of the Moravian missionaries they had befriended in Labrador. But soon after their arrival in Europe, the Inuit realized they had made a mistake in coming and they longed to return to Labrador.
On August 26, 1880, all eight Inuit boarded the schooner Eisbär (which means "polar bear" in German) and headed to Europe. They arrived in Hamburg on September 24, 1880. Their show at the Tierpark Hagenbeck opened on October 2, 1880. On October 15, the group was moved to Berlin, where they were exhibited at the Berlin zoo until November 14. They then traveled to Prague followed by Frankfurt and Darmstadt. Here, Nuggasak died suddenly on December 14. The group moved on to Crefeld, where Paingu died on December 27. It wasn't until little Sara showed symptoms that the doctors were finally able to diagnose the sickness that was affecting the Inuit: smallpox. It was with a broken heart that Abraham and Ulrike had to entrust Sara to the hospital in Krefeld, as the group had to depart for their next destination, Paris. Sara died on December 31, 1880, as their parents arrived in Paris.
The five survivors were vaccinated against smallpox on January 1, 1881, but it was too late. The group was exhibited at the Jardin d'Acclimation in the Bois de Boulogne for about a week. Then, on January 9, 1881, they were admitted to Hôpital Saint-Louis, where they all died within the next week. Maria died on January 10, 1881. Tigianniak on January 11. Tobias and Abraham died on January 13, and Ulrike, the last to live, died January 16, 1881.
Norwegian Johan Adrian Jacobsen, who had recruited them on behalf of Carl Hagenbeck, had omitted to have them vaccinated against smallpox, even though it was required by German law. In their diary, Jacobsen admitted that they had forgotten about it.
Abraham's diary
During their travels in Europe, Abraham kept a diary written in their native Inuktitut; it was among their possessions that were sent back to their relatives in Hebron after their death.
In Hebron, Moravian missionary Carl Gottlieb Kretschmer, who had tried to dissuade the Inuit from going to Europe, translated Abraham's diary to German. English and French translations were also published in the 19th century Moravian Church publications. Then, the story fell into oblivion for a century.
In 1980, Abraham's diary resurfaced when Canadian ethnologist Dr. James Garth Taylor discovered a copy of Kretschmer's German translation in the archives of the Moravian Church located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Through the article Dr. Taylor published in 1981 in Canadian Geographic, the story of the eight Labrador Inuit was unveiled to the 20th century public.
Over the next 25 years, a few individuals looked into this tragedy, including German ethnologist Hilke Thode-Arora and Professor Hartmut Lutz assisted by their students at the University of Greifswald, Germany. They contextualized Abraham's diary with data gathered from the Moravian archives, from 19th century newspapers as well as from the archives of Carl Hagenbeck and Johan Adrian Jacobsen.
In 2005, the University of Ottawa Press published the work of Hartmut Lutz, and of their students, under the title The Diary of Abraham Ulrikab: Text and Context. At last, Abraham's diary was in book form ensuring that their words and story would find their way to today's Labrador Inuit.
Abraham's diary is significant because it is the only extant account of one of Carl Hagenbeck's European ethnological exhibition (human zoo) by one of the ethnic participants. It is also one of the first autobiographies by an Inuk; Greenlander Hans Hendrik having preceded them by 2 years. Unfortunately, Abraham's original diary in Inuktitut has yet to be located.
The discovery of the Inuit's remains
In 2009, a French-Canadian, France Rivet, was introduced to Abraham's story by master photographer Hans Blohm. Them reading of the book The Diary of Abraham Ulrikab: Text and Context left them wondering what had happened to the Inuit in Paris, and what had become of their remains. They promised Blohm and a Labrador Inuk friend that they would investigate. About a year into their research, they uncovered documents about anthropologists in Paris having studied Paingu's skullcap, as well as plaster casts of the brains of Abraham, Ulrike, and Tobias. Wondering if these items could still be in a museum's collection, they sent a few letters to inquire. Soon a reply arrived from the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle:
Mrs. Rivet we have the regret to inform you that we do not have the brain casts, but we do have the skullcap as well as the fully-mounted skeletons of the five Labrador Inuit who died in Paris in January 1881.
This totally unexpected news triggered a four-year research to fully document the Inuit's story as well as discussions with authorities in Nunatsiavut, Canada, and France in order to prepare the remains' eventual coming home.
The repatriation of the Inuit's remains
In fall 2014, the publication of the book In the Footsteps of Abraham Ulrikab revealed the results of this investigation and publicly released the news that the Inuit's remains had been located. The skeletons of Abraham, of their wife Ulrike, of their daughter Maria, of young Tobias and of Tigianniak were located in the biological anthropology collections of the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle managed by the Musée de l'Homme in Paris. The skullcap of Paingu, which had been taken by Jacobsen during their autopsy in Krefeld is also part of the Muséum's collection. Lastly, the skull of Sara was located in Berlin.
The Muséum's Collections Director, Michel Guiraud, has confirmed that they stand at the ready to return the remains to the Labrador Inuit. On June 14, 2013, through the signature of the Canada-France Enhanced Cooperation Agenda, the Canadian and French governments have confirmed they will assist by working with the appropriate authorities to help to repatriate Inuit bones from French museum collections to Canada.
The authorities and the people of Nunatsiavut have started their reflection as to whether or not the remains should be brought back to Canada. In summer 2015, the Nunatsiavut Government has launched a series of public consultations on the development of its policy on the repatriation of human remains and burial objects from archeological sites in Nunatsiavut.
Film about Abraham Ulrikab
A documentary film, Trapped in a Human Zoo: Based on Abraham's Diary, juxtaposing Abraham's story, with the search for their remains, and the Labrador Inuit's quest to bring the remains home aired in February 2016 on CBC Television's The Nature of Things. This documentary is produced by Pix3 Films. In 2017, the documentary received two nominations at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards: Best Science or Nature Documentary Program or Series and the Barbara Sears Award for Best Editorial Research.
Books published on Abraham Ulrikab
See also
List of people of Newfoundland and Labrador
References and notes
External links
When Inuit become zoo curiosities - Nunatsiaq News, 2005-09-23
Heritage Newfoundland article on native Inuit of Labrador
Heritage Newfoundland article on the Moravian Mission in Labrador
The Diary of Abraham Ulrikab University of Ottawa Press
Abraham's Diary, a two-hour documentary by Battery Radio, aired on CBC Radio One
In the Footsteps of Abraham Ulrikab Research project
A long road home: Reclaiming human remains kept in foreign museums is not easy - The Economist, 2015-02-28
Homecoming - World Policy Institute, 2015-08-05
Abraham Ulrikab: The Filming of the Documentary - Above & Beyond Magazine, 2015-10-29
The Long Journey Home: More than 130 later, Abraham Ulrikab's remains may finally return to Labrador - Up Here magazine, 2015-11
Shocking history of Inuit trapped in 'human zoos' revealed in documentary - Interview with Johannes Lampe and France Rivet aired on CBC The Current, 2016-02-11
Trapped in a Human Zoo: Nain man retraces steps of Labrador Inuit in documentary - CBC News, 2016-02-11
1881 deaths
Deaths from smallpox
Inuit from Newfoundland and Labrador
People from Labrador
Tourist attractions in Hamburg
1845 births
An explanandum (a Latin term) is a sentence describing a phenomenon that is to be explained, and the explanans are the sentences adduced as explanations of that phenomenon. For example, one person may pose an explanandum by asking "Why is there smoke?", and another may provide an explanans by responding "Because there is a fire". In this example, "smoke" is the explanandum, and "fire" is the explanans.
Carl Gustav Hempel and Paul Oppenheim (1948), in their deductive-nomological model of scientific explanation, motivated the distinction between explanans and explanandum in order to answer why-questions, rather than simply what-questions:
References
Concepts in logic
Philosophy of science
Linguistics
Psallus quercus is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Phylini
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1856
Mõhu was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the central part of the territory of Estonia. It was later conquered by the Teutonic Order during the Estonian Crusade.
See also
Livonian Crusade
References
External links
Kuidas elasid inimesed vanasti, möödunud sajandil ja praegu (Estonian)
9. - 13. saj.pärinevad Eesti aardeleiud (Estonian)
Eesti haldusjaotus ja võõrvõimude vaheldumine läbi aegade (Estonian)
Ancient counties of Estonia
Nathaniel Atkinson (born 13 June 1999) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Scottish Premiership side Heart of Midlothian.
Club career
Early career
Born in Launceston, Tasmania, Atkinson was part of the youth setup at Riverside Olympic before joining the NTC program at Football Tasmania. In 2016, Atkinson joined the Melbourne City academy after a successful trial with the club. They played with the Melbourne City NPL side in the NPL Victoria from 2016 to 2017. Towards the end of the 2016–17 season, Atkinson began training with the Melbourne City first team.
Melbourne City
Going into the 2017–18 season, Atkinson was given the 37 shirt. They made their competitive debut for the first team in a FFA Cup match against Peninsula Power at Dolphin Oval on 1 August 2017. They came on as a late stoppage time substitute for Bruno Fornaroli as Melbourne City won the match 2–0. On 10 December 2017, due to the suspension of Melbourne City's regular right-back Manny Muscat, Atkinson made their A-League debut for the club against the Central Coast Mariners. Despite being named as a right back before the match, Atkinson played the match as a right winger as Melbourne City managed to win 1–0. After the match, Melbourne City head coach Warren Joyce praised Atkinson, saying "I thought they took their opportunity well. He's one that caught my eye as soon as I came to the club."
On 12 January 2018, after a promising start, Atkinson signed a two-year senior contract with Melbourne City.
In September 2020, Atkinson signed a two-year contract with Perth Glory. However, three weeks later, their contract was terminated due to the COVID-19 pandemic situation, allowing them to sign another two-year contract with Melbourne City.
On 24 December 2021, Atkinson signed a three-and-a-half year contract with Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian, with the deal going through on 10 January 2022.
International career
In January 2017, Atkinson was selected to train with the Australia U20 side.
In November 2019 they were one of four players suspended by the Australia U23 due to "unprofessional conduct".
Atkinson qualified for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics. They were part of the Olyroos Olympic squad. The team beat Argentina in their first group match but were unable to win another match. They were therefore not in medal contention.
They were called up to the senior Australia squad for the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers on 24 and 29 March 2022.
Honours
Melbourne City
A-League Men Premiership: 2020–21
A-League Men Championship: 2021
Individual
Joe Marston Medal: 2021
Career statistics
Club
International
Notes
References
External links
Melbourne City FC Profile.
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Launceston, Tasmania
Australian soccer players
Melbourne City FC players
Perth Glory FC players
Association football midfielders
National Premier Leagues players
A-League Men players
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic soccer players of Australia
Government Polytechnic, Gopalganj is a polytechnic institute in Bihar, India. It is administered by Department of Science and Technology, Bihar and is funded by Government of Bihar. The institute is affiliated with State Board of Technical Education, Bihar which conducts the semester exams and issues the certificates.
Courses
The Institute offers following six-semester (three years) diploma programmes in engineering.
Mechanical Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Electronics Engineering
Computer Science & Engineering
Civil Engineering
Admission
Admission to the first semester (first year) diploma programme in the institute is done through Diploma Certificate Entrance Competitive Examination (DCECE) conducted by Bihar Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board. The institute also offers lateral entry admissions to the third semester (second year) which is done through DECE (LE) conducted by Bihar Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board.
References
External links
Polytechnic institutes in Bihar
Educational institutions in India
1994 establishments in Bihar
Educational institutions established in 1994
Robot Gully () is a gully at c.3675 m on the northwest side of the summit crater of Mount Erebus, Ross Island. The feature was used as the access route from a NASA robot called Dante that was carried to the crater rim, January 1, 1993.
Valleys of the Ross Dependency
Landforms of Ross Island
This is a list of destinations served by Astraeus Airlines until it ceased operations in November 2011.
Africa
Algeria
Hassi Messaoud - Oued Irara Airport
Cape Verde
Rabil - Rabil Airport
Sal - Amílcar Cabral International Airport
Egypt
Alexandria - Borg El Arab Airport
Hurghada - Hurghada International Airport
Sharm el-Sheikh - Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport
Taba - Taba International Airport
Equatorial Guinea
Bata - Bata Airport
Malabo - Malabo International Airport
The Gambia
Banjul - Banjul International Airport
Ghana
Accra - Kotoka International Airport
Liberia
Monrovia - Roberts International Airport
Asia
Kazakhstan
Uralsk - Oral Ak Zhol Airport
Europe
France
Chambéry - Chambéry Airport
Germany
Berlin-Schönefeld Airport
Portugal
Madeira - Funchal Airport
Spain
Palma - Palma de Mallorca Airport
United Kingdom
London - London Gatwick Airport (hub)
Newcastle upon Tyne - Newcastle Airport
References
Lists of airline destinations
Batrachorhina vulpina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Johann Christoph Friedrich Klug in 1833, originally under the genus Saperda. It is known from Réunion and Mauritius.
Subspecies
Batrachorhina vulpina denticollis (Fairmaire, 1898)
Batrachorhina vulpina vulpina (Klug, 1833)
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1833
Ada Ferrer-i-Carbonell (born 17 November 1971 in Sabadell, Spain) is an economist and professor at the Barcelona Graduate School of Economics, tenured scientist at CSIC-IAE, MOVE research fellow, and a research fellow at the IZA Institute of Labor Economics. They were an associate editor of the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization and currently is a member of the London School of Economics-based World Well-Being Panel. They hold two PhDs in economics, one from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and the other from the Tinbergen Institute and the University of Amsterdam.
Research and publications
Them research focuses on econometrics, measures of welfare and happiness, environmental economics and behavioral economics. They have published two books about happiness measurement. Them first book named Happiness Quantified is written jointly with Bernard M.S. Praag and was published in 2004 by Oxford University Press. Them second book Happiness Economics: A New Road to Measuring and Comparing Happiness (Foundations and Trends(r) in Microeconomics)was published in 2011 jointly with Bernard M.S. Praag. Them work has been widely cited and they count over 11000 citations in economics and scientific publications such as Nature. Them research has been featured in media outlets such as The Economist, has been interviewed on Catalan national radio, and written for the newspaper La Vanguardia.
References
Living people
Spanish women economists
Barcelona Graduate School of Economics faculty
Spanish economists
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumni
University of Amsterdam alumni
1971 births
Economists from Catalonia
People from Sabadell
In biblical studies, inclusio is a literary device based on a concentric principle, also known as bracketing or an envelope structure, which consists of creating a frame by placing similar material at the beginning and end of a section, although whether this material should consist of a word or a phrase, or whether greater amounts of text also qualify, and of what length the frames section should be, are matters of some debate. Inclusio is found in various sources, both antique and new. The purpose of an inclusio may be structural - to alert the reader to a particularly important theme - or it may serve to show how the material within the inclusio relates to the inclusio itself. An important case of this occurs in the Gospel of Mark's treatment of the "Cursing of the Fig Tree" and the "Cleansing of the Temple" (Chapter 11). By giving the first half of the story before the Cleansing of the Temple, and the conclusion after, Mark creates a "frame" that effectively highlights that they want the Cleansing of the Temple to be seen in light of the Cursing of the Fig Tree - i.e. Jesus' actions in the Temple are not just a reform measure, but a judgment against it.
In the Hebrew Bible (the Old Testament)
While this may not be evident to many of the Bible's modern day readers, the Hebrew Bible is full of literary devices, some of which, having fallen out of favor over the years, are lost on most modern readers. Inclusio, of which many instances can be found in the Bible, is one of these, although many instances of its usage are not apparent to those reading translations of the Bible rather than the Hebrew source.
Particularly noteworthy are the many instances of inclusio in the Book of Jeremiah. A rather far-flung example of inclusio in the Book of Jeremiah can be found in its first section, chapters 1–24, which are enveloped both by a similar question in the first and last episode (1:11, 24:3), and by similar imagery—that of almond rods and baskets of figs. Inclusio may also be found between chapters 36 and 45, both of which mention Baruch ben Nerya, to whom Jeremiah's prophecies were entrusted. Bracketing can also be seen in The Lord's sayings in 1:10 and 24:6. Indeed, the whole book save for its last (52nd) chapter—which some claim was appended to it—can be thought of as inside the inclusio formed by 1:1 and 51:64, both of which mention the preaching of Jeremiah (דברי ירמיה), thus implying the lateness of chapter 52; although analyzing whether so trivial a measure has any meaning but that which appeases the eye is best left to the astute reader. None of this is to say that the shorter forms of inclusio—those in which the section enframed is quite shorter—are not found in the Book of Jeremiah. An example is found in Jeremiah 4:22, which reads:
The phrase "לא ידעו" (did not know) is found at the beginning and the end of The Lord's analysis of their people. English translations do not preserve this structure.
Inclusio also abounds in other books of the Bible. An obvious example of inclusio is found in the first and last (29th) verses of Psalm 118 "הודו לה' כי-טוב כי לעולם חסדו.". Another, more disputed, example may be found in the Book of Ruth, where one finds a certain resemblance, if somewhat chiastic, between 1:1 and 1:22—in the former Elimelekh leaves Bethlehem in favor of Moab, and in the latter Ruth and Naomi leave Moab in favor of Bethlehem. Finally, it has been suggested that Genesis 2 contains inclusio, for the male is created at the start of the passage and the female at the end, providing textual evidence for the parallels between the two.
In Rabbinic Literature
The rabbis of the Talmud were aware of occurrences of inclusio in the Bible, as shown by Rabbi Yohanan's comment in the Babylonian Talmud, Berakhot 10a that "Any psalm dear to David they opened with "Ashrei" ("happy is he) and closed with "Ashrei". Redactors of rabbinic document frequently made use of inclusio to mark off the endpoints of literary units of different sizes and possibly to suggest conceptual connections between seemingly disparate statements. At the end of the Mishnah, tractate Kelim, Rabbi Yose explicitly notes the phenomenon: "Happy are you, Kelim, in that you opened with [statements regarding] impurity and departed with [statements regarding] purity." Tractate Berakhot, which opens with a discussion of the laws of reciting the Shema Yisrael ("Hear O Israel") passage from Deuteronomy 6:4-9, concludes with a homiletic interpretation of the second verse from this passage (v. 5), showing how the ritual recitation of the tractate's opening may serve as a source of spiritual instruction at the tractate's end. The Mishna in tractate Nazir is framed by allusions to two famous biblical Nazirites - Samson (Nazir 1:2) and Samuel (Nazir 9:5), representing respectively negative and positive exemplars of this institution.
Many chapters of Mishnah are also framed by inclusio. In the opening mishnah of Taanit, Rabbi Joshua notes that rain on the festival of Sukkot is "not a sign of blessing", and the closing mishnah of the chapter notes that rainfall after the month of Nisan is "a sign of curse". This characterization of rainfall as God's way of communicating Their blessings and curses is a central theme of the chapter. Sometimes the inclusio is based on a wordplay. Ohalot Chapter 7 opens with a discussion of corpse impurity in a "nefesh atuma" ("solid monument")and closes with the statement that a baby whose head has emerged from the womb may not be killed to save the mother because "ayn dochin nefesh mipnei nefesh" ("one soul may not be set aside in favor of another"). The use of the word nefesh at the beginning and the end of the chapter in opposite meanings, symbolizing respectively death and life, emphasize the interconnection between the mysteries of birth and of death.
Examples of inclusio may be found in later rabbinic literature as well. Tosefta Makkot Chapter 3 opens and closes with statements regarding the designation of three cities of refuge. Homilies regarding Isaiah 32:20 appear at the beginning and end of tracate Bava Kamma Chapter 1. The opening homily of Leviticus Rabba 29 asserts that the fate of Adam on the day of their creation is a sign for their children annually on the same date, and the closing homily of this section asserts that when Israel observes the commandments of this day God will regard them as having been created anew. Rabbinic redactors, following in the footsteps of their biblical predecessors, continued to employ inclusio as a literary marker and tool.
In the New Testament
The New Testament also uses inclusio. The main teaching part in the Sermon on the Mount starts and ends with the expression "the Law and the Prophets" (Matthew 5:17 + 7:12). Matthew's account of the first part of Jesus' public ministry is framed by an account on their teaching and their miracles (Matthew 4:23 +9:35). Also, Matthew's Gospel begins with the prophecy that Jesus' name would be "Emmanuel, that is, 'God with us,'" (1:23, in which the author has linked Isaiah 7:14 and 8:8, 10 together) and it ends with the promise, "I am with you always, to the end of the age". This forms an inclusio about Jesus in their relationship to their people that suggests their deity. The letter to the Hebrews uses Jeremiah's prophecy as an inclusio in 8:8-12 and 10:16-18. There are many more examples of this literary device in the New Testament.
References
Syntax
Literature
Bible content
Rabbinic literature
Rhetoric
Post-colonial anarchism is a term coined by Roger White in response to their experience as an Anarchist Person of Color in the anarchist movement in North America.
Post-colonial anarchism is an attempt to bring together disparate aspects and tendencies within the existing anarchist movement and re-envision them in an explicitly anti-imperialist framework. Where traditional anarchism is a movement arising from the struggles of proletarians in industrialized western European nations - and thus sees history from their perspective - post-colonial anarchism approaches the same principles of mutual aid, class struggle, opposition to social hierarchy, and community-level self-management, libertarian municipalism, and self-determination from the perspective of colonized peoples throughout the world. In doing so it is highly critical of the contributions of the more established anarchist movement, and seeks to add what it sees as a unique and important perspective. The tendency is strongly influenced by indigenism, anti-state forms of nationalism and Anarchist People of Color, among other sources.
Between 1994 and 2004 White wrote a series of essays reflecting on experiences in the anarchist movement. They identify racial isolation and tokenism as important features of the experience of people of color in the anarchist movement and attributes this to the prevalence European universalism and an approach to class struggle as a binary relationship between workers and capitalists which does not take account of the cultural aspects of imperialism.
Issues
Post-colonial anarchism is syncretic and diverse, incorporating a wide range of sources, as is to be expected from a tendency which draws from such a wide range of perspectives.
Nationalism
Anarchism and nationalism have a long history, going back to prominent anarchist theorist Mikhail Bakunin's early involvement in the Pan-Slavic movement. Anarchists have participated in left-nationalist movements in China, Korea, Vietnam, Ireland, Brittany, Ukraine, Poland, Mexico, Israel, and many other nations. Modern anarchist organizations working on national liberation struggles in Europe, include the in Brittany and Negres Tempestes in Catalonia.
Post-colonial anarchism argues that a key element of imperialism is the waging of culture war by the conquerors against subject nations in an attempt to destroy the identity of the conquered and make them easier to govern. Post-colonial anarchism therefore seeks not only the abolition of capitalism and the state, but is an effort by colonized peoples to promote, preserve, and defend their cultures, dignity, and identity. As Ashanti Alston puts it in "Beyond Nationalism but Not Without It":
For me, even the nationalism of a Louis Farrakhan is about saving my people, though it is also thoroughly sexist, capitalist, homophobic and potentially fascist. Yet, it has played an important part in keeping a certain black pride and resistance going. Their "on the ground" work is very important in keeping an anti-racist mentality going. As a black anarchist, that's MY issue to deal with cuz they'se MY FOLKS. But it points to where anarchism and nationalism have differences, and that is in [non-black] anarchists having NO understanding of what it means to be BLACK in this fucked up society.
At root, the basic difference between anarchism and anti-state nationalism is that in nationalism the primary political unit is the nation, or ethnic group, whereas in an anarchist system the primary political unit is the local community or the place where labor occurs. Post-colonial anarchism is therefore clearly distinct from any form of nationalism in that it does not seek to make the nation a political unit - let alone the primary political unit. Just as social anarchists seek to create a socialist economy but oppose the tyranny of Marxist state socialism, post-colonial anarchists oppose the tyranny of nationalism, and argue that the achievement of meaningful self-determination for all of the world's nations requires an anarchist political system based on local control, free federation and mutual aid.
African anarchism
Sam Mbah and I. E. Igariwey in African Anarchism: The History of a Movement make the claim that:
The reason why traditional African societies are characterized as "anarchies" is because of their horizontal political structure and absence of classes. The traditional legal system of Somalia, known as Xeer, is one example of this.
Xeer, pronounced , is the polycentric legal system of Somalia. Under this system, elders serve as judges and help mediate cases using precedents. It is a good example of how customary law works within a stateless society and is a fair approximation of what is thought of as natural law. Several scholars have noted that even though Xeer may be centuries old, it has the potential to serve as the legal system of a modern, well-functioning economy.
Black or "Panther" anarchism
Black anarchism opposes the existence of a state and subjugation and domination of people of color, and favors a non-hierarchical organization of society. Black anarchists seek to abolish white supremacy, patriarchy, capitalism, and the state. Theorists include Ashanti Alston, Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin, Kuwasi Balagoon, and Martin Sostre.
Black anarchists have criticized both the hierarchical organization of the Black Panther Party, and the anarchist movement, on the grounds that it has traditionally been Eurocentric and/or white supremacist. They oppose the anti-racist conception, based on the universalism of the Enlightenment, which is proposed by the anarchist workers' tradition, arguing that it is not adequate enough to struggle against racism and that it disguises real inequalities by proclaiming a de jure equality.
Black anarchists are thus influenced by the civil rights movement and the Black Panther Party, and seek to forge their own movement that represents their own identity and tailored to their own unique situation. However, in contrast to black activism that was, in the past, based in leadership from hierarchical organizations, black anarchism rejects such methodology in favor of developing organically through communication and cooperation to bring about a social, cultural and economic revolution that does away with all forms of domination. From Alston's @narchist Panther Zine:
"Panther anarchism is ready, willing and able to challenge old nationalist and revolutionary notions that have been accepted as ‘common-sense.' It also challenges the bullshit in our lives and in the so-called movement that holds us back from building a genuine movement based on the enjoyment of life, diversity, practical self-determination and multi-faceted resistance to the Babylonian Pigocracy. This Pigocracy is in our ‘heads,' our relationships as well as in the institutions that have a vested interest in our eternal domination."
Celtic anarchism
Ecology
The influence of the modern revival of Celtic culture on anarchism are particularly evident within the radical wing of the environmentalist movement, particularly Deep Ecology. Earth First! is one of the largest networks organizing around these issues and is organized along anarchist lines with many of the people who work under its banner self-identifying as anarchists. It is perhaps natural that the British and Irish Earth First! movements in particular would seek inspiration from and consciously seek linkages with Celtic identities, given that the ancient Celts are commonly portrayed as being more in touch with nature than modern consumer society. The Earth First Journal, the main publication of the movement, organizes its printing schedule around the Neopagan Wheel of the Year, which consists of four Gaelic festivals and four Germanic ones, with issues named for Beltane, Eostar, Brigid, Samhain, Yule, Mabon, and Lughnasadh.
In Ireland
The armed struggle against British rule in Ireland, particularly up to and during the Irish War of Independence, is portrayed as a national liberation struggle within the Celtic anarchist milieu. Anarchists, including the Irish Workers Solidarity Movement, support a complete end to British involvement in Ireland, a stance traditionally associated with Irish republicanism, but are also very critical of statist nationalism and the IRA in particular. In two articles published on Anarkismo.net, Andrew Flood of the WSM outlines what they argue was the betrayal of class struggle by the IRA during the war of independence, and argues that the statism of traditional Irish nationalism forced it to place the interests of wealthy Irish nationalists who were financing the revolution ahead of the interests of the vast majority of Ireland's poor. The example of the Irish Citizens Army, a workers militia which was led by James Connolly and based in the radical wing of the Irish union movement, is held up as a better example of how the larger revolutionary movement could have — and should have — been organized. According to Irish anarchist nationalist Andrew Flood:
Anarchists are not nationalists, in fact we are completely against nationalism. We don't worry about where your granny was born, whether you can speak Irish or if you drink a green milkshake in McDonald's on St Patrick's Day.
But this doesn't mean we can ignore nations. They do exist; and some nationalities are picked on, discriminated against because of their nationality. Irish history bears a lot of witness to this.
The Kurds, Native Americans, Chechins, and many more have suffered also - and to an amazingly barbaric degree. National oppression is wrong. It divides working class people, causes terrible suffering and strengthens the hand of the ruling class. Our opposition to this makes us anti-imperialists. ...
So fight national oppression but look beyond nationalism. We can do a lot better. Changing the world for the better will be a hard struggle so we should make sure that we look for the best possible society to live in.
We look forward to a world without borders, where the great majority of people have as much right to freely move about as the idle rich do today. A worldwide federation of free peoples - classless and stateless - where we produce to satisfy needs and all have control over our destinies - that's a goal worth struggling for.
Independence anarchism
Independence anarchism (also known as anarcho-independentism) attempts to synthesise certain aspects of national liberation movements with an opposition to hierarchical institutions grounded in libertarian socialism. Where a certain nation or people exists with its own distinct language, culture and self-identity, independence anarchists concur with supporters of nationalism that such a nation is entitled to self-determination. While statist nationalists advocate the resolution of national questions by the formation of new states, independence anarchists advocate self-government without the need for a state and are committed to the key anarchist societal principles of federalisation, mutual aid and anarchist economics. Some supporters of the movement defend its position as a tactical one, arguing that secessionism and self-organisation is a particularly effective strategy with which to challenge state power.
Some examples of independence anarchist organizations in the Catalan Countries include the Federació Anarcocomunista Catalana (FACC) and the Icària collective in the 1980s, and Recerca Autònoma in the 1990s. One example of an independence anarchist group in Catalonia active nowadays is Negres Tempestes, a self-identified organization that participates in struggles to defend the Catalan language and culture, while opposing "dogma, states or borders". They also view the state as "a basis of authority, repression and economic exploitation".
Independence anarchism frames national questions primarily in terms of equality, and the right of all peoples to cultural autonomy, linguistic rights, etc. Being grounded in such concepts, independence anarchism is strongly opposed to racism, xenophobia, national supremacism and isolationism of any kind, favouring instead internationalism and cooperation between peoples. Independence anarchists also stand opposed to homogenisation within cultures, holding diversity as a core principle. Those who identify as part of the tendency may also ground their position in a commitment to class struggle (anarcho-communism and anarcho-syndicalism), ecology (green anarchism), feminism (anarcha-feminism), and LGBT liberation (queer anarchism).
Notes and references
External links
Post Colonial Anarchism: Essays on race, repression and culture in communities of color 1999-2004 by Roger White
Black Anarchism: A Reader
Por la independencia total y la anarquía sin límites by the Icària collective
Anarchist schools of thought
Issues in anarchism
Anarchism
Neocolonialism
Ronnie Nasralla OD (1930/1 – 20 January 2021) was a Jamaican record producer and business person, best known for their work in the music industry with Byron Lee & the Dragonaires.
Biography
Nasralla was born in Kingston, Jamaica to a Lebanese father and Jamaican mother. They attended St. George's College, where they met Byron Lee, joining the early incarnation of the Dragonaires. A keen sportsman, Nasralla represented Jamaica in fencing, badminton, squash and football.
Through Edward Seaga they were introduced to artist management in the early 1960s, going on to manage the Dragonaires as well as The Blues Busters and The Maytals. They produced tracks by The Blues Busters and The Maytals which were released on their BMN record label. Nasralla also auditioned for bands to appear in the club scene of Dr. No, notably rejecting Bob Marley and the Wailers because they were "untidy". They eventually chose the Dragonaires.
They were involved in the Jamaican contribution to the 1964 World's Fair, choreographing ska dancers. In 1965 they formed Lee Enterprises with Byron Lee and Victor Sampson. They co-produced several recordings with Lee, including The Maytals' "It's You" and "Daddy". They also worked with Lee at the Dynamic Sounds recording studio. Their contribution to the music industry in Jamaica was rewarded with a medal at the National Honours and Awards ceremony in the 1980s.
They later worked in the public relations and advertising industry, setting up Nasralla Promotions Ltd. and organizing events such as the Negril Music Festival.
Nasralla's autobiography, Lessons to Learn, was published in 2009.
In 2013, Nasralla was awarded the Order of Distinction by the Jamaican government.
Nasralla died peacefully at their home in Atlanta, U.S. on 20 January 2021 with their wife Rosemary by their side.
References
External links
1930s births
2021 deaths
Jamaican record producers
Jamaican people of Lebanese descent
Recipients of the Order of Distinction
Fencers at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Jamaica
Karatobe (; ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Karatobe. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
The Evangelical Covenant Church (ECC) is a Radical Pietistic denomination with Lutheran roots in the evangelical Christian tradition. The denomination has 129,015 members in 878 congregations and an average worship attendance of 219,000 people in the United States and Canada with ministries on five continents. Founded in 1885 in North America by Swedish immigrants, the church is now one of the most rapidly growing and multi-ethnic denominations on the continent. Historically Lutheran in theology, piety and background, it is now a broadly evangelical movement.
Background
The Evangelical Covenant Church's background is in free-church Swedish immigrants known as Mission Friends who had broken off from the Lutheran Church of Sweden. They formed a mission society and in the 1880s, meetings were held to determine whether or not to form a union of mission churches. The majority joined together, forming the Swedish Evangelical Mission Covenant of America (now ECC) on February 20, 1885, in Chicago, Illinois. A smaller percentage known as the Free Friends remained independent and became what is now the Evangelical Free Church.
A pietistic religious awakening had swept through Sweden around the middle of the 19th century. Before leaving their homeland some Swedes met in people's homes, as they felt the state church was becoming overly powerful. There they conducted private services (conventicles), including hymn singing accompanied by guitars, and read scripture from their Bibles, but they were sometimes interrupted by church officials, who wanted to keep them in congregations at church. The Conventicle Act, in effect until 1858, prevented them from holding private religious gatherings. This reinforced their yearning to be in a church where they could worship freely. With this awakening and reformation came the Swedish Mission Church in 1878. The state church discouraged the gathering of these believers.
People from this movement emigrated to North America, where they formed the Swedish Evangelical Mission Covenant of America. Early leaders and influences included Carl August Björk (1837–1916) Paul Petter Waldenström (1838–1917) and David Nyvall (1863–1946), among others. They desired to create a voluntary "covenant of churches" that were committed to sharing the Gospel of Jesus, as well as provide means for ministerial training. The name was changed to the Evangelical Covenant Church of America in 1954. The "of America" was eventually abandoned because the denomination includes a Canadian conference.
Status
The denominational offices are located in Chicago, Illinois, where they are also affiliated with North Park University and North Park Theological Seminary. The church was formerly affiliated with Swedish Hospital, then known as Swedish Covenant Hospital. There are related Bible colleges in Alaska, where the church established early missions, and California. They are also affiliated with Minnehaha Academy, a pre-K-12 school in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The church is divided into eleven regional conferences – Canada Conference, Central Conference, East Coast Conference (organized 1890), Great Lakes Conference, Midsouth Conference, Midwest Conference, Pacific Northwest Conference, Northwest Conference, Pacific Southwest Conference, Southeast Conference – and its newest conference, the Alaska Conference. The Covenant presence in Alaska started from 1887 as a foreign mission outpost, but gradually transitioned its status to a home mission, and finally full conference standing in 2015.
Annual meetings are held, to which delegates are sent by the congregations, reporting back to local churches.
Covenant Publications are the communication arm of the denomination. The denominational hymnal is The Covenant Hymnal: A Worship Book.
A major ministry of the denomination includes senior living facilities and is supplemented through its Covenant Benevolent Institutions department. Among the ECC retirement systems, The Samarkand and Covenant Shores are considered to be two of the top facilities in the United States.
As of 2011, denomination membership was 124,669 in 820 congregations in the United States (43 states) of US and an estimated 1500 members in 23 congregations in Canada (five provinces). Average attendance in 2009 was 178,997. The denomination also has ongoing missions work in 25 countries worldwide, with 125 long-term missionaries, project missionaries and short-term missionaries. The ECC has a worldwide membership of almost 278,000.
Membership is concentrated primarily in three regions of the United States: the Midwest, along the West Coast, and in the Great Plains region. California has the largest number of members, but the highest rates of membership are in Minnesota, Alaska, Kansas, Nebraska, and Washington.
Other
Forerunners of the Swedish Evangelical Mission Covenant were the Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Ansgar Synod and the Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Mission Synod. When members of the two synods dissolved and the Swedish Evangelical Mission Covenant was formed, some of those who did not enter the Mission Covenant formed the Swedish Evangelical Free Mission (now the Evangelical Free Church of America). The Evangelical Covenant Church maintains ties with the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden (formerly known as the Svenska Missionsförbundet; see Svenska Missionskyrkan and CIPE), and the other churches in the International Federation of Free Evangelical Churches.
In the 1920s, Warner Sallman created illustrations for the denominational magazine, Covenant Companion, including their charcoal sketch The Son of Man for a 1924 magazine cover that was later redone as the famous oil painting The Head of Christ.
Since 1976, the denomination has ordained and licensed women as ministers.
Many figures in the Jesus Movement have formally linked themselves to the ECC.
In 2022, the Rev. Tammy Swanson-Draheim was elected as the first female president of the denomination.
Stance on same-sex marriage
The ECC officially excludes same-sex marriage from its theology and practice. The ECC's 1996 resolution adopted by the Covenant Annual Meeting entitled "Resolution on Human Sexuality" represents the ongoing consensus position of the ECC. The resolution upholds "celibacy, the state of abstaining (outside of marriage) in singleness, and heterosexual relations as the Christian standard". Additionally, the ECC does not permit ministers to perform same-sex marriages.
The ECC, though, has been a pioneer among evangelical denominations with regard to its commitment to engagement with the LGBT community. In 2018, the ECC launched Embrace, a suite of human sexuality discipleship resources and learning experiences which are in harmony with the adopted position of the ECC. A special emphasis of Embrace is equipping ECC churches and individuals to flourish in love for LGBT individuals and communities.
The ECC does allow ministers to exercise pastoral discretion by attending a same-sex marriage ceremony. One congregation in Portland, OR developed differing all-inclusive policy statements, prompting the ECC to remove that congregation in 2015. Moreover, some individuals affiliated with Covenant congregations have organized to advocate for more inclusive national policies.
At the June 2019 annual meeting of the ECC, First Covenant Church of Minneapolis was dismissed from the ECC's roster of churches after being deemed out of harmony with regard to its position on human sexuality and pastoral credentialing after a vote for involuntary dismissal by delegates surpassed a two-thirds supermajority. Delegates also surpassed a two-thirds supermajority in removing the ordination standing of two pastors who contravened the ECC's communally discerned position on human sexuality.
Notable members
Lincoln Brewster, musician
Paul Carlson, missionary doctor
Brian T. Carroll, American presidential candidate for the American Solidarity Party
Alice Cooper, singer, songwriter, actor
Nils Frykman, hymnwriter
Craig Groeschel, minister of Life.Church
Kirsten Haglund, Miss America 2008
Mike Holmgren, former Super Bowl-winning National Football League head coach
Johannes Alfred Hultman, musician
Timothy Johnson, ABC News medical editor
Lorenzo Romar, head coach of the Pepperdine University men's basketball team
Warner Sallman, artist
See also
Läsare – Swedish Pietistic movement which influenced those who eventually founded the ECC
Nyevangelism – related Swedish movement with ties to the Mission Friends and ECC
References
Further reading
Blanck, Dag, "Two Churches, One Community: The Augustana Synod and the Covenant Church, 1860–1920," Swedish-American Historical Quarterly 63 (April–July 2012), 158–73.
Granquist, Mark, "Parallel Paths: The Augustana Synod and the Covenant Church, 1920–1945," Swedish-American Historical Quarterly, 63 (April–July 2012), 174–86.
Covenant Affirmations (2005, 24 page denominational summary, .pdf)
Covenant Roots, Glenn P. Anderson, editor
David Nyvall and the Shape of an Immigrant Church, by Scott E. Erickson
Encyclopedia of American Religions, J. Gordon Melton, editor
Handbook of Denominations in the United States, by Frank S. Mead, Samuel S. Hill, and Craig D. Atwood
Religious Congregations & Membership in the United States (2000), Glenmary Research Center
2004 Annual Meeting Update: Delegate Summary Report
2005 Annual Meeting Update: Delegate Summary Report
2006 Annual Meeting Update: Delegate Summary Report
Covenant Yearbook: Statistical Data & Resources for Churches 2005-2006
Covenant Distinctives, Everett L. Wilson and Donald Lindman, authors
By One Spirit by Karl Olsson
External links
North Park University
North Park Theological Seminary
Alaska Christian College
Minnehaha Academy
Swedish Covenant Hospital
Pacific Southwest Conference
Adherents.com membership numbers for the ECC
East Coast Conference (org. 1890)
Covenant Bookstore – Church resources and Covenant publications
Profile of the Evangelical Covenant Church on the Association of Religion Data Archives website
Radical Pietism
Religious organizations established in 1885
Religious organizations based in Chicago
Jesus movement
Swedish migration to North America
Evangelicalism in Illinois
Evangelical denominations in North America
Evangelical organizations established in the 19th century
1885 establishments in Illinois
Lutheranism in Illinois
"Ordinary Girl" is a song by American singer and actor Miley Cyrus, performing as Hannah Montana – the alter ego of Miley Stewart – a character they play on the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana. It was released to Radio Disney on July 6, 2010 as the lead single for the fourth season of Hannah Montana. Lyrically, the track speaks about how Hannah Montana might be famous, but they are just an ordinary girl underneath. The song was later released on July 6, 2010 through digital distribution as the lead single from the soundtrack of the same title as the special title (Hannah Montana Forever) of the fourth and final season of the series.
Background and composition
"Ordinary Girl" was written by Toby Gad and Arama Brown, and was released as the lead single from Hannah Montana Forever. It premiered on Radio Disney on July 2, 2010 and was released on July 6, 2010 to all digital outlets. On October 15, 2010, the song was released as a CD single. It is featured in the second episode of Hannah Montana Forever (final season), "Hannah Montana to the Principal's Office". "Ordinary Girl" is a song with a length of two minutes and fifty-nine seconds.
Reception
Stephanie Bruzzese of CommonSenseMedia stated that the song's "solid, snappy guitar hook is backed by catchy percussive clapping and a chorus of cute young voices -- a set-up that sounds more suited to Miley's maturing vocals." The song debuted at ninety-eight on the US Hot Digital Songs chart for the week ending July 11, 2010, then peaked at #49 two weeks later. The song has also debuted at #91 on Billboards US Hot 100 on the week dated July 31, 2010. It spent two weeks at its peak, then fell off the chart.
Music video
Unlike other Hannah Montana music videos, "Ordinary Girl" is not a concert taping performance. Hannah in the video is also a model, and not Miley Cyrus, as Miley Cyrus refused to appear in the video. It premiered on July 2, 2010 and starts out in Montana's dressing room where they are getting ready for a concert. They use their video camera to tape everything that goes on, leading up to them stepping onstage, where a screaming crowd is waiting. They wave, then hands the camera to a girl in the front row of the concert. The video then flashes to a schoolroom where the girl has a party with their friends after receiving the camera, while shots from the Hannah Montana season 3 concert are playing on the chalk boards. The camera is then passed onto another girl who bumps into a boy who begins talking to them R5 artists Riker and Ross Lynch are seen in the classroom.
Track listingsU.S. digital download"Ordinary Girl" (Album Version) – 2:57EU 2-Track CD Single'
"Ordinary Girl" (Album Version) – 2:57
"Ordinary Girl" (Instrumental) – 2:57
Charts
Release history
References
2010 songs
Hannah Montana songs
Songs from television series
Songs written by Toby Gad
Walt Disney Records singles
Shafi (, also Romanized as Shafī‘ and Shaf‘i) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,268, in 304 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kasana–Luweero () is a diocese located in the cities of Kasana and Luweero in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.
History
30 November 1996: Established as Diocese of Kasana – Luweero from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kampala.
Leadership
Bishops of Kasana–Luweero (Latin Church)
Bishop Cyprian Kizito Lwanga (30 November 1996 – 19 August 2006), appointed Archbishop of Kampala
Bishop Paul Ssemogerere (19 August 2008 – 9 December 2021. Appointed Archbishop of Kampala.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Uganda
Luweero
References
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Uganda
Christian organizations established in 1996
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Luweero District
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala
Roman Catholic bishops of Kasana–Luweero
Time Team America is an American television series that airs on PBS. It premiered on July 8, 2009. It is an Oregon Public Broadcasting adaptation of the British showtime Team, produced in collaboration with Channel 4, which commissioned the original show, in which a team of archeologists and other experts are given 72 hours to excavate an historic site.
The U.S. version features "freelance and university-affiliated experts [who] mostly join existing excavations ... [and] arrive with resources that the archaeologists already on the case usually can't afford and specific questions that, if answered, will advance the understanding of the site."
A second season was announced on October 18, 2011, scheduled to shoot during the summer of 2012 and to air in 2013.
On December 20, 2011, PBS announced that Justine Shapiro would host the second season.
Episodes
When PBS introduced a video player on its website in mid-April 2009, an episode of Time Team America became the most viewed.
Original air dates are as announced by PBS, but may vary by PBS station.
Season 1 (2009)
Season 2
After a four-year gap, Videotext Communications/PBS produced the second season, which aired in 2014.
Reviews
A Newsday reviewer wrote
"Time Team America at moments, employs [an] approach much in favor at PBS, which worries – needlessly, I think – that the only way to make serious subjects appealing to the attention-deficit-disordered youth of our TV nation is to throw in plenty of zing, zest and zip. ... But don't hold any of this against the show, because it's engaging, thoughtful, smart, nicely produced and really, really interesting."
DVD
All five episodes of the first season have been released on separate DVDs.
See also
List of Time Team episodes
Time Team Specials
Time Team Others
References
Bibliography
External links
PBS original programming
2009 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
2000s American documentary television series
Archaeology of the United States
American television series based on British television series
Time Team
Sir Stephen Henry Molyneux Killik, GBE, KCVO (1861 – 17 April 1938) was a British stockbroker. They were Lord Mayor of London from 1934 to 1935.
References
Who Was Who
External links
1861 births
1938 deaths
Knights Bachelor
20th-century lord mayors of London
Aldermen of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
British stockbrokers
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M10".
Lines
Nishibara Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 19.8 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. There is no station building, only a shelter on the platform and a separate toilet building. A ramp leads up to the platform from the access road. A designated parking area for bicycles is provided, underneath a nearby roadbridge.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) opened the station on 1 October 1964 as an added station on the existing track of the Mugi Line. On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, control of the station passed to JR Shikoku.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 118 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Nakagawa Sunflower Nursery School
Tokushima Prefectural Road No. 27 Anan Nakagawa Line
Tokushima Prefectural Road 128 Anan Hanoura Line
Anan Municipal Awa Koho / Folk Museum
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable}
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1964
Anan, Tokushima
Beatrix "The Bride" Kiddo (codename: Black Mamba) is a fictional character and the protagonist of the two-part film Kill Bill directed by Quentin Tarantino.  They are portrayed by Uma Thurman. Kiddo was ranked by Empire magazine as 23rd of "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters" of all time, and Entertainment Weekly named them as one of "The 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years".
Creation
According to Uma Thurman, they and Tarantino created the character collaboratively during the filming of Pulp Fiction, with Thurman providing the character's first name and Tarantino their last name. After the release of Kill Bill: Volume 2, Tarantino commented that they "love[s] the Bride" and that they "killed [him]self to put them in a good place" for the ending.
Most of The Bride's attributes come from Tarantino's development of Shosanna Dreyfus for their film Inglourious Basterds which they started to work on before Kill Bill. Originally Dreyfus was a badass assassin who had a list of Nazis they would cross off as they killed. Tarantino later switched the character over to The Bride and redeveloped Dreyfus.
Tarantino has said they saved most of the Bride's nuanced character development for the second half: "As far as the first half is concerned, I didn't want to make them sympathetic. I wanted to make them scary." Thurman cited Clint Eastwood's performance as Blondie in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as a central inspiration for their performance because, in their words, Eastwood "says almost nothing but somehow manages to portray a whole character."
Kill Bill
Kiddo is a member of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, an elite, shadowy group of assassins.  They are trained by martial arts master Pai Mei and becomes the right hand of Bill, their boss and lover, provoking the envy of fellow Viper Elle Driver.
When they discover they are pregnant with Bill's child, Kiddo abandons the Deadly Vipers so their baby can have a better life and becomes engaged. Bill, assuming their fiancé is the father, orders them assassinated at the chapel and shoots them in the head.
Kiddo survives and falls into a coma. Bill aborts an order to have them assassinated in the hospital, considering it dishonorable when they cannot defend herself. Kiddo awakens from the coma and is horrified to find that they are no longer pregnant. They track down the Deadly Vipers, including O-Ren Ishii, now the leader of the Tokyo yakuza, and exacts revenge.
In Mexico, Kiddo tracks Bill to a hotel and discovers that their daughter B.B. is still alive, now four years old. Kiddo kills Bill using the five-point-palm exploding heart technique, taught to them by Pai Mai. Beatrix leaves with B.B. to start a new life.
Cultural impact
Beatrix Kiddo was well received by audiences. Empire Magazine ranked the character 23rd out of 100 in its list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time. Entertainment Weekly also named the Bride as 99th on its 2010 list of the 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years. In 2013, researchers named a new species of parasitic wasp, Cystomastacoides kiddo, after the character, stating that the naming was inspired by "the deadly biology [of the wasp] to the host." Kobe Bryant adopted the character's codename "Black Mamba" as their own nickname in their career.
Although their character was named "The Blonde Fox" (a different character than Mia Wallace's on Fox Force Five), actor Evan Rachel Wood played a character inspired by both Thurman's character Mia Wallace from Pulp Fiction and The Bride for a 2019 stage musical based on Tarantino's films and featuring music from their films, titled Fox Force Five and the Tyranny of Evil Men (Fox Force Five is a fictional TV series mentioned in Pulp Fiction). The character was later portrayed by Lindsey Gort in a 2021 version of the play.
In 2015 the rock band Fall Out Boy released the single "Uma Thurman", influenced by Mia Wallace, The Bride and Dick Dale's "Misirlou" which was featured in Pulp Fiction.
See also
List of female action heroes
References
Ansatsuken
Female characters in film
Fictional female martial artists
Fictional female assassins
Fictional Hung Ga practitioners
Fictional mass murderers
Fictional kenjutsuka
Fictional sole survivors
Fictional vigilantes
Fictional women soldiers and warriors
Fictional swordfighters
Film characters introduced in 2003
Kill Bill characters
Fictional victims of sexual assault
Mount Kendrick () is a massive ice-covered mountain, high, surmounting the east side of the Nilsen Plateau at the head of Bartlett Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain H.E. Kendrick, Operations Officer on the staff of the Commander, U.S. Naval Support Force, Antarctica, in U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze 1967.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Jerome T. Tao (born 1966) is a Judge of the Nevada Court of Appeals.
Education and career
Tao received their undergraduate degree from Cornell University and their J.D. from George Washington University Law School in 1992. After law school, Tau served as a Clark County Deputy District Attorney, Chief Deputy Public Defender, and as a civil attorney in private practice. From 1999 to 2001, Tao worked as a Senior Advisor to Democratic U.S. Senator Harry Reid. In January 2011, Tao was appointed by Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval to the Eighth Judicial District Court. In December 2014, they were appointed to the newly created Court of Appeals.
Positions
During their supreme court campaign, Tao described themselves as a "textualist," and was endorsed by the National Rifle Association.
Elections
In 2018, Tao lost to Elissa Cadish in the general election for Seat C on the Nevada Supreme Court.
In 2016, Tao was unopposed for re-election to the Nevada Court of Appeals.
In 2014, Tao defeated Nicholas Anthony Perrino for re-election to the Eighth Judicial District Court, receiving 67.4 percent of the vote.
In 2012, Tao defeated Chris T. Rasmussen for re-election to the Eighth Judicial District Court, receiving 51.02 percent of the vote.
Reference section
External links section
Judge Tau
21st-century American judges
Nevada lawyers
Nevada state court judges
Cornell University alumni
Living people
1966 births
Chen Jiangong (; 1893–1971), or Jian-gong Chen, was a Chinese mathematician. They were a pioneer of modern Chinese mathematics. They were the dean of the Department of Mathematics, National Chekiang University (now Zhejiang University), and a founding academician the Chinese Academy of Sciences (elected 1955).
Life
Chen was born in Shanyin County (now Shaoxing), Zhejiang Province during the late Qing dynasty. They studied at Shanyin School and later Shaoxing Prefecture School. In 1910 they entered the Zhejiang Advanced Normal School, a teacher-training institution which was later merged into National Chekiang University.
Chen later went to Japan to continue their studies. In 1916 they graduated from the Tokyo Institute of Technology, where they majored in textile technology, and the Tokyo Academy of Physics (now known as the Tokyo University of Science).
After graduating from Tohoku Imperial University in 1923, Chen returned to China and became a lecturer at the Zhejiang Industrial School, which was later merged into National Chekiang University. In 1924 they went to Wuhan, Hubei Province, and became a professor at National Wuchang University (now Wuhan University).
In 1926, Chen returned to Tohoku Imperial University to continue their studies in mathematics, completing their Ph.D. in 1929 and becoming the first international student awarded a Ph.D. by a Japanese university. It was during this time that they met their later colleague Su Buqing, a fellow mathematics Ph.D. candidate.
After earning their doctorate, Chen was offered teaching positions at institutions including Peking University and Wuhan University. However, on the invitation of National Chekiang University president Shao Feizhi, Chen returned to Zhejiang University to serve as dean of the Department of Mathematics, a position they held for the next 20 years.
After earning their doctorate in 1931, Su Buqing was invited to join Chen's department and take over their position as department chair, allowing Chen to focus more on research. Their collaboration resulted in the Chen-Su school of mathematics in Hangzhou.
The outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937 forced Chen, and much of Zhejiang University, to relocate from Hangzhou. In February 1940, Chen arrived at Zunyi, and then subsequently Meitan, Guizhou Province, where they helped re-establish the colleges of engineering and sciences.
In 1945, after the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chen was invited by biologist Luo Zongluo (Lo Tsung-lo), who was serving as the 1st president of National Taiwan University (formerly Taihoku Imperial University), as well as the Nationalist government in Nanjing, to travel to Taipei and serve as acting dean of NTU during its reorganization.
In the spring of 1946, Chen returned to mainland China (then still controlled by Nationalist government), where they continued teaching in National Chekiang University and became a researcher in the Mathematics Research Institute at the Academia Sinica. From 1947 to 1948, Chen traveled to the United States to do research at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. They were elected an academician of the Academia Sinica in 1948.
After the Chinese Civil War, Chen remained in Zhejiang, now part of the People's Republic of China.
In 1952, Zhejiang University was dissociated and its colleges of sciences and humanities were merged with Fudan University in Shanghai. Both Chen and Su Buqing moved to Fudan University, where they continued their cooperation and the Chen-Su school of mathematics. While in Shanghai, Chen translated many mathematical works produced in the USSR.
In recognition of their advancements in the field of mathematics, in 1955 Chen was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in its inaugural year.
In 1958, some departments of Zhejiang University were split from the university in order to form Hangzhou University (which eventually merged back into Zhejiang University in 1998). Chen was appointed to vice president of Hangzhou University and moved back to Hangzhou.
Notable students
Gu Chaohao – mathematician, former president of the University of Science and Technology of China
Xia Daoxing – mathematician
Hu Hesheng – mathematician, 2002 Noether Lecturer
References
Chen Jiangong - information from the website of Shaoxing Government
Chen's profile in Tsinghua University Library
Chen's profile in Zhejiang University Library
General Introduction and brief history, from the College of Science, Zhejiang University
1893 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Chinese mathematicians
Chinese expatriates in Japan
Educators from Shaoxing
Fudan University faculty
Mathematicians from Zhejiang
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Presidents of National Taiwan University
Scientists from Shaoxing
Tohoku University alumni
Tokyo Institute of Technology alumni
Zhejiang University alumni
Zhejiang University faculty
Battlefield is a play directed and written by Peter Brook and Marie-Hélène Estienne, based on Le Mahabharata by Brook, Estienne and Jean-Claude Carrière. It was made and premiered in 2015 at the Young Vic in London, and featured actors Carole Karemera, Jared McNeill, Ery Nzaramba and Sean O'Callaghan. The music was written and performed on stage by Le Mahabharata's musician Tsuchitori Toshiyuki.
Reception
The play was described by Michael Billington in The Guardian as “a dazzling piece of theatre.”
References
British plays
2015 plays
Peak Corporate Network is an American group of real estate services companies based in Los Angeles, California. Eleven entities operate under the Peak umbrella.
Overview
Established in 1991 by Los Angeles business people Eli Tene and Gil Priel, Peak originally focused on short sale transactions. In 2007, Peak started a private lending fund through a partnership with a $12 billion private family office.
In a bid to expand its operations in Southern California, Peak became a real estate franchisee of Century 21 Real Estate in September 2015. The following month, Century 21 Peak acquired Granada Hills, Los Angeles-based Century 21 All Moves, Century 21's oldest franchise. The acquisition of All Moves added about 100 employees to Century 21 Peaks residential real estate operation and increased Peak Corporate Network's total staff to 300 people. Peak subsequently expanded into the Inland Empire with the acquisition of two Upland, California-based firms: American Inland Empire R.E. Inc. in December 2016 and Century 21 Prestige in February 2017.
In May 2014, Peak Finance, a division of Peak Corporate Network, and Misuma Holdings, acquired the Myrtle Beach Mall in South Carolina for $45 million. In May 2016, Peak Financial and Misuma announced they would begin a $30 million renovation of the mall in 2017. In July 2017, Peak Finance secured nearly $103 million in financing for a North Hollywood, Los Angeles complex consisting of 297 apartments and a 365 By Whole Foods Market. Peak is the owner of InterServ, one of the largest nationwide hospitality renovation companies in the U.S.
References
External links
Real estate services companies of the United States
Real estate companies established in 1990
American companies established in 1990
Companies based in Los Angeles
Jesse Witten (born October 15, 1982 in Naples, Florida) is an American professional tennis player.  They are a graduate of Lely High School and the University of Kentucky, where they majored in kinesiology.
College career
Witten had a highly successful college career at the University of Kentucky from 2001 to 2005. Their achievements include:
Reached Final of NCAA Championships (2002)
Named the Intercollegiate Tennis Association (ITA) National Rookie of the Year (2002)
Named the SEC Rookie of the Year (2002)
Attained (4) first team All-SEC singles selections during their career
The University of Kentucky's first (5) time ITA All-American (4 singles; 1 doubles)
The University of Kentucky's first SEC Men's Tennis Player of the Year
Professional career
2001
Upon graduating from Lely High School, Witten was given a wildcard to the USTA Pro Circuit event in Seminole, Florida where they reached the semifinal.
2002
Witten was given a wildcard to the qualifying round of the US Open and also attempted to qualify for ATP events in Cincinnati, Ohio and Indianapolis, Indiana.
2003
The summer after their sophomore year of college, Witten played a handful of USTA Pro Circuit events and reach the semifinal of the event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
2004
As a wildcard, Witten won their first professional title at the USTA Pro Circuit event in Joplin, Missouri. They also reached two other finals at USTA Pro Circuit events in Peoria, Illinois and Lexington, Kentucky.
2005
Upon graduation from the University of Kentucky, Witten was given a lucky loser entrance into the ATP event in Indianapolis, Indiana where they lost in the first round to Andy Murray. They then won consecutive titles later in the summer on the ITF Circuit in Ecuador. They finished the year strong by reaching the semifinals of USTA Circuit events in Waco, Texas and Honolulu, Hawaii.
2006
Their most successful year to date, Witten ended the year with a high of No. 171 on the ATP Tour. They attempted to qualify for the French Open and Wimbledon. They qualified for their first Grand Slam at the US Open where they lost in the first round to Paul Goldstein. They began the year by winning the title at the USTA Pro Circuit event in Tampa, Florida. They went on to win USTA Pro Circuit titles in Joplin, Missouri and Harlingen, Texas. They received a wildcard to the ATP event in Houston, Texas where they lost in the first round to Marcos Baghdatis. They also attempted to qualify for ATP events in Delray Beach, Florida, Newport, Rhode Island, Indianapolis, Indiana, and Cincinnati, Ohio. Witten made their main draw Grand Slam debut when they and Phillip Simmonds partnered in doubles at the US Open. They lost in the first round to the pairing of Alexander Peya and Björn Phau.
2007
Witten attempted to qualify for all four Grand Slam events. They qualified for the ATP event in Memphis, Tennessee where they lost in the first round to Jürgen Melzer. Nearly a year and a half since their last title, Witten won their seventh championship at the USTA Pro Circuit event in Tulsa, Oklahoma where they defeated Donald Young in the final. They reached the quarterfinals of five other USTA Pro Circuit events.
2009
Witten qualified for the 2009 U.S. Open, where they won their first round match against 29th seed Igor Andreev, 6–4, 6–0, 6–2. In second round, they defeated Máximo González 6–7(3), 6–4, 7–5, 6–3. In the third round, Witten lost the match to Novak Djokovic, 7–6(2), 3–6, 6–7(2), 4–6. This match was notable because they were #276 in the rankings while Djokovic was #4, and Witten won the first set 7-6.
2010
Witten qualified into the 2010 French Open but was defeated in the first round by the #25 seed Marcos Baghdatis 6–3, 6–4, 6–3.
2011
2012
Witten won the Metzger Tournament at Colonial, and the 43rd annual City of Naples Tennis Championships at Cambier Park. Witten used protected ranking (367th) to get into the Panama City Challenger field after an 11-month break at pro level. They reached the semifinal, where they were forced to retire due to lower back injury.
2013
Witten won the 2013 F15 futures at Indian Harbour Beach.
2015
Witten played in the USA F16 in Tampa, Florida, and lost in the semi-finals to Tennys Sandgren after beating Rhyne Williams in the quarter-finals.
2016
At the Israel F7 ITF tournament, Witten reached the semi-finals and lost to fellow American Nicolas Meister. They won their 3rd Metzger Open.
2017
Witten defeated Collin Johns 6-2 and 6-3 to win their 4th Metzger Open Championship.
2018
Witten achieved their 3rd Metzger Open Championship in a row this year, and 5th in total.
Playing style
Witten employs an offensive baseline game although they are capable of playing an all-round game. Their main strengths are their groundstrokes, foot speed, balance and return game. Their groundstrokes are technically sound on both forehand and backhand, they hit the ball extremely early which creates great power, depth and consistency. Given their overweight appearance, Witten regularly surprises opponents with their speed and quality of play.
Personal
Witten began playing tennis at age 6. Their father Paul works in construction management, and their mother Elaine is an optometrist. They have one older sister Sarah who is an elementary school teacher and also played tennis for the University of Kentucky. Jesse's younger brother Ben graduated in 2008 from the University of South Florida and works in Florida as a laboratory director. Witten likes every type of sport and is a big Miami Heat and Miami Dolphins fan. They have their own tennis academy in their hometown of Naples.
References
External links
Official Site
Witten Recent Match Results
Witten World Ranking History
Jesse Witten (Facebook)
The New York Observer
1982 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Kentucky Wildcats men's tennis players
Sportspeople from Naples, Florida
Tennis people from Florida
